Twelve forty-one. I drop what I’m doing. Shave, shower, dress in black, and rush out the door to arrive by two on the dot. An attractive assistant brings me a cello.
As it happens there is no other Gabriella Poole (at least, not yet) but in theory there could be, and I suppose another author writing under the name would conform to the existing style. It’s a fascinating way of working and I enjoy it – there’s none of the nerve-racking business of losing my way with the plot or realising I have no way of resolving matters. It’s not how I’d choose to work on my own books, but it’s fun and different and it’s a payday too!
“As one door closes, another door opens.”
"mommy, we need to take finley to a dr. to protect his cough."
The most charitable view we can take of social desirability responding is that it indicates confusion. As Martin (1964b) suggests, responses in terms of a social desirability set are a recourse where there is some difficulty in responding in terms of content. What might be the source of this confusion? It could be that moralism is in some sense old-fashioned, reactionary or traditional and that, increasingly, the norm among educated people is to reject it. Notions that value judgments are in some sense non-objective do in fact seem to permeate modern social discourse. Among educated people, the saying that 'There is no such thing as Right and Wrong' is almost conventional wisdom. It makes sense then that no-one should so thoroughly accept this view as the radical activist. If nothing else, it does have the value of freeing him from so much that has gone before. Against this, however, we must set the strong appeal we have noted before that moral imperatives do appear to have for at least the radical propagandist. There is to the radical some attraction for appeals to absolute and inalienable Right or Rights.
...and by salad, I mean dessert. Make no mistake, this is not a healthy salad...it is a Cool-Whip-Snicker-Bar-Caramel thing with the "salad" portion coming from the ever-so-lovely apples that are EVERYWHERE right now. All that being said, this is a super yummy, completely unexpected treat. This is a perfect dish for a Halloween party as well as a summer potluck.
Celebration Garden
The greatest gift of them all has to be the vacation: five weeks plus twelve RTT days are enough to make anyone jump for joy!! However, nothing is free, and the taxes you'll pay to enjoy all those fabulous benefits will likely make your smile turn upside-down.
Via Pruned, we read that Atlanta may have less than four months of water left, that the governor of North Carolina has asked his constituents "to stop using water for any purpose 'not essential to public health and safety,'” and that an ongoing, 18-month drought, complete with "cloudless blue skies and high temperatures," has "shriveled crops and bronzed lawns from North Carolina to Alabama."
The Stolen Earth
1222. Late Night Candy Corn @ The Super Friends House (Brigantine, NJ) 2:43 a.m.
bookslept, she's
Kenny West (REP) 1.40% 166
If you’ve never made the plunge into PMG’s work, this is a great place to start.
Feet echoing in the corridors of Time.
31 They replied, “Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved—you and your household.” 32 Then they spoke the word of the Lord to him and to all the others in his house. 33 At that hour of the night the jailer took them and washed their wounds; then immediately he and all his household were baptized. 34 The jailer brought them into his house and set a meal before them; he was filled with joy because he had come to believe in God—he and his whole household.
1/8 t. cloves
St. Valentine Game
She was pretty easy in the way that waking up in the middle of the night was quickly resolved, but her precociousness was creeping up on me in the meantime. Once she began crawling, it was obvious she would be a troublemaker. She'd head for whatever direction we did not want her to go in. Today, she still is. She tries to fool us. She says things that we can't even begin to comprehend how she would know. I can only imagine what her teenage years will do to me.
These are all national "animal rights" organizations (except for THLN, the
It makes for a very polite society…even in densely populated areas such as Tokyo.
My parents are not ones to settle for a boring builder's look or quality (that must be where I get it from?) So when they moved into a sweet but plain Jane home a few years ago, they set to work making it their own. The first thing to go were the off-white walls, since Mom and Dad aren't afraid of color (hello, plum!). And in the kitchen, they upgraded all the appliances to stainless. But the cabinets, though decent-quality wood, still felt cheap-looking in a not-quite-light and not-quite-dark finish.
It was a very cloudy today, good and bad. Good because there was no hot sun and a good day for cycling. Bad because the photos did not all look good.
Mark Kotsay (Marlins) vs. Andruw Jones (Braves)
Further to last week's post about spelling, I've been procrastinating with this charming game. Brilliant, of course, and much more interesting than the Population-Resources Model.
20-30 blanched almonds
No other than Severian. A Torturer who shows mercy in spite of the strictures placed on him. A self-deceiving and not always likable person who has undergone so many changes during the course of his travels. A person who finds a holy relic, only at the end to learn this:
It's a little bit lumpy here and there (not that there's something wrong with lumpiness!) but I think for a first try... it's pretty good! I may make tutorials of these two displays later on!
Today we have continued to degrade the land and soil so much that one in about five people survives on degraded land. It is not sustainable to live off land that over time produces less and less food and supports fewer and fewer animals. In the long run, this trend increases food insecurity globally. Also, the dirt can turn to dust that stings your eyes and makes it hard to breathe.
I have issues with these statements because it negates the work of poets, writers, activists and artists who have struggled in order to reclaim culture. I was reading a book by Manuel Dulawan, probably the most prominent of Ifugao culturebearers, and he writes about how the imposition of the English language was part of the campaign to suppress/erase indigenous culture. In practice, the culture bearers have often been demonized (their rituals are anti-christian). That the rituals and the narratives of the original culture have been preserved speaks of the resilience of these culture bearers and of the people around them.
like angel hair.
In a separate statement, Foreign Office spokesman Abdul Basit said Rohrabacher’s resolution on Balochistan was “a highly irresponsible move and a sheer violation international laws”.
3/4 small red onion, chopped
A. I proofread all material produced by the Graphic Design team at the AICPA. That includes all sorts of publications such as annual reports, white papers, brochures, conference programs, conference signs and application kits. Some of these can be as small as 2 or 3 pages and others can be 30 or 40 pages.
Another question I was asked about this clubhouse is the construction of the roof. The roof is made from a piece of sturdy canvas and has a few plastic support beams under it. It does not however have a solid plastic roof. I'm not sure how much weight the canvas would support, but I would not recommend allowing your child to climb on it. They aren't going to fall THAT far, but they probably would tear the canvas!
We get trapped in the love of money and excuse it away.
Instead, he blamed her, me and his own family for the way things are. He refused to really look, never took more than half a day’s initiative to do anything and has managed to make me feel like poop he wiggles his brows at me. He’s cried, I’ve cried, he’s shouted, I’ve screamed and…
"I think this will be the best thing that has ever happened to the Democratic Party," Carville said Tuesday on CNN's "The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer."
Ray Winstone, The Proposition
gutters and sewers
The New York Scene
Bring to a boil and then simmer for about 10 minutes.
Now what other momentous events took place on my birthday you might ask? In 1803, the transfer of the Louisiana Purchase was completed with ceremonies in New Orleans. In 1860, South Carolina became the first state to secede from the Union. Sharing my birthday today? Dr. Samuel Mudd (b. 1833), Harvey Firestone (b. 1868), George Roy Hill (b. 1922), and John Hillerman (Higgins!) (b. 1932).
Other tyrants, like the infamous Idi Amin, were trained and schooled by the whites themselves, at Oxford, Cambridge, and Harvard. After receiving the best from the West, they unleashed a resentful bloodlust against their benefactors.
Beyonce Knowles is not new to being accused of stealing other peoples property. She is notorious for it. “Single Ladies” is Not hers. A song written by Jon McClaughlin that was sang by him and not chosen for his album was taken by her. The song is titled , “Smack into You.” The name was changed to “Smash into You” by Beyonce and her team.
"Yes. That's what your father and I feel."
Look where we are now as a species, paranoid and presumptuous, having completely lost our way, unable to act without acting irrationally, unable to make the connections required to achieve any goal to help the greater good prevail. As long as we war, we are locked into self defeat. Every issue, problem, disaster, argument is solvable, easily by taking the high road which our authorities (not mine, not yours, but those of the directionless ego driven self-spawned celebrity leaders and their investors) refuse to recognize as the only road to real growth and salvation of the human being. Just because we were born into it is no justification, just because history states these things as always having gone on, is again no excuse it continue now. We are at the bottom sinking deeper, there is no end in sight to the problems of men and still the grand illusion prevails as the only way forward. The joke of life is that no one ever states the obvious, much less lives it since six billion and ninety nine million human animals fear losing the miniscule portion of whatever is left them after they've lost seemingly everything that mattered.
A secondhand story came to me from a friend of Louis Szathmary, the great cookbook and culinary ephemera collector. Szathmary, owner of over 10,000 food and drinks books in addition to some 17 semi-trailers of culinary postcards, kitchen tools, dining sets, drinking vessels, and more explained his desire to hand over his collections as he grew older. “Every collector,” he said “has two great joys. The first is the hunt. The second comes later; it is giving away the prize.”
– NORTHERN PYGMY-OWL, Brown-Lowery PP, Ross Lein
1/2 tsp. mirin or sugar
Yes, making mock o’ uniforms that guard you while you sleep
I did it! Pearlclutcher is in ACTION. : )
1/3 cup flour
Secondly, the band is stretchy, so when I slipped it on there was none of the hyperventilating, crying, and phantom finger swelling that usually occurs when I put on a ring. Besides the fact that it weighs approximately eight pounds, it's quite comfy and accommodating.
It wasn't an easy process. At the end of it, I basically gave the finger to the GAP-J.Crew-Express-Levis-Diesel global conglomerate dedicated to making men look like this:
I like all kinds of salsas, whether they are raw, cooked, fruit-based or tomatillo. Of course the fresher the ingredients, the better. But my all time favorite salsa is a cooked salsa. Whether for nostalgic reasons or for the fact that cooked salsas are, in fact, complex 'sauces', they are my favorite. Although I've tinkered with my dad's recipe, adding different ingredients and modifying the cooking technique, I rarely stray from my favorite ingredients: tomatoes, green chiles (anaheim most often), green onions, and cilantro. Even without jalapeños, you can make a great salsa with just those ingredients.
Chillis - 5
Light a fire, a flame in my heart
"The Witch of Blackbird Pond" is a really great book! it is about learning to live with change.
Stocking brands like Magnolia, Whiff of Joy, Sarah Kay, House Mouse, Hero Arts, Penny Black, Spellbinders, Martha Stewart and so many more - we want to be your one stop shop! Simon Says Stamp also prides itself in offering every product Tim Holtz makes or designs.
In Coming On Home Soon, by Jacqueline Woodson, Ada Ruth's mama is going away to Chicago to find work, "They're hiring colored women in Chicago since all the men are off fighting in the war." After Mama leaves, Grandma holds Ada Ruth when she cries. While they wait for Mama to come on home, a kitten comes around. Grandma says, "You know we can't keep it." But they do. Grandma and Ada Ruth make it through a rough winter, and eventually Mama does come on home.
I AM TRANSFORMED TACO PLATE
Across the West, anti-Israel agitators demand that universities refuse to have any dealings with their Israeli counterparts while right-on shoppers make a virtue of the fact they never buy Israeli oranges or coffee.
One. I should have done this sooner.
The two terrorist groups are the bosses of the Safouri Quarter of the camp.
— Good Lord on Good Friday —
2) Acid or alkaline ‘forming’ foods, meaning the pH condition foods cause in the body after being digested.
We had pre booked the camera and tripod and had originally planned on meeting up on a Tuesday to finish the storyboard and treatment but ended up not doing it despite my going to the place and time decided to find no one around.
Then I stared working on Something Wrong. While doing that I have released a side project under my name with a Symphony Orchestra, made short films, designed clothes for an exhibition in Italy, more producing, etc, etc. I got my studio built up by always picking up one object on my travels. One guitar or keyboard.
SEAN: I’m not sure, but Johnny Depp would definitely have to be in there somewhere (major man crush).
I let the boys tell me what they wanted on their shirts. Sam, lover of all things learning and super excited about the approaching start of the school year, requested an A+. I also gave him "distressed" jeans, because he had just told me he thought those were cool.
Ah, now I understand. He has a reference for “older kid fun.” He surrounded by it at school, in Spanish, sometimes at computer, and aaaaaaaaalllll the time at recess.
ISBN: 9780446574624
The ag program takes Harvest Moon's spent grain, sparing the brewpub disposal costs, and by feeding it to the cattle the program raises, the spent grain doesn't wind up in landfills.
I find the current setting of the series to be one of my favorite things in the series because it's that southern vampire type story I've always loved, so I'm a little skeptical as to how I'll deal with the fact that they'll be leaving there now. Nonetheless, I'm excited that there will be at least two more books in this series. I am curious to see how this new bond with Victorian will play into her relationship with Eli.
He raised his black jacket hood around his face to stop the wind from numbing the skin there. No more voices wailed out, only the birds and their dirges. And his heartbeat. Gislenus stopped to listen, to reach out his mind to the sounds in hopes of hearing the voice again. But all he heard was the lonely, shallow beating of his heart.
How often have I abused your goodness, slighted your friendship, contemned your love, and turned the stream of mine (which you only can challenge and deserve) towards creatures; thus preferring my own will to yours.
Challenge Pack 160
I know that sounds extreme, but there was no reason. No scuffle, no mouthing, no pushing, no anger, he just dunks the ball then for no reason tries to knock out an opponent. He also should go through drug testing.
So be flexible. Roll with the punches. Don’t be afraid to make it up as you go and build upon that later. Not everything you come up with will be great, but no-one expects it to be! And remember, the players have a responsibility to be flexible, too. Which is why the second most important thing every GM has is:
I think my first challenge will be - my own interpretation of the last look.
I am not saying I am GOD, not even close, but what I am saying is that I am his daughter, and I am here, now going through my daily life, kind of like a super hero in disguise. What is my super-power you might ask? That brings me to Lesson 2: Love.
So, I do love my bake pop pans... and it's super easy to make a bunch of them in a really short amount of time! 2 boxes of $1 boxed cake mix at the store makes 72 bake pops ... or 4 pans, wow! I had no idea I made that many last weekend! Needless to say, they lasted through one dinner meeting, one life group, and split the rest between our two offices last monday!
“Pol Pot’s picture. Big pictures,” he told me. “I had to paint the same one again and again. If they didn’t like my painting, that would have been the end of my life.”
I go back and forth now
Swimming Ground
Synopsis: In 2009, six friends arrive at an isolated cabin to enjoy a long weekend in the snow. An epic snowstorm interrupts their vacation, trapping them on the mountain and resurrecting the haunting ghosts of the Donner Party. But, are they true ‘entities’ or is it simply ‘cabin fever’ that brings out their fears and darkness, causing friends to turn against each other as reality deteriorates around them.
I created the template for the ice cream pint from the easy sounding process of "trial and error". It should be called "trial and nightmare" - round shapes (especially lids and bottoms) can be real pain to do from scratch.
Maybe in a holy city or inside a Mosque or on halllowed ground, but this is a tourist area for boisterous and amorous couples unwinding from urban life, the Arab has not been reasonable. I suggest that the Arab read the above post and settle the issue with an apology out of court and compensate for hitting the women and attempting to dominate the Canadian’s neutral space rights.
I am cruising right along with this deployment... I am blessed with the fact that my husband is fortunate to call home frequently.. I hate to say this.. but sometimes it is too frequent. I love ya honey, but seriously it has been 62 days thus far and you have not figured out the time zone difference. You know how hectic life is in this house during the morning rush to school, after school sport dash, dinner time, and bedtime..... seriously.... why is it that that is the only time you can call?????? I do not mean to sound ungrateful.. I know several wives whom get little contact... but I am not in their shoes... I am wearing mine today and this is my problem. I think Bill has a form of radar that he is able to pick up on when life is crazy here and that is when he must call. I must be sending him some form of brain wave during high stress and or conversations about him.... what else could it be?? Here is my example.... yesterday I was out to lunch with friends for a birthday celebration...yes we started to talk about our men.. this is what we do! I had just mentioned that my hubby would not put up with something and that he had a pair.... at that moment my phone rings and it is Bill... right on cue when discussing his pair! The conversation at the table was starting to go a bit crazy and slightly dirty and of course Bill did hear a snippet... now I know he said goodbye completely red faced and wanting out of the conversation.... even miles away our men really do not want to know what we talk about. Later in the evening we reconnected again and his first question to me was..... How in the hell did that come up??? I only laughed and proceeded to mortify him with the conversation that almost had us peeing in our pants. Yes.... I love the girls I was with.. thanks for making me laugh and making me forget just how serious life is for a moment. Thanks for helping me embarrass my husband from afar... This is my tactic.. the longer he stays away the more embarrassing stories I can share without him defending himself. I think that that alone would make him want to come home sooner and safe.
Today’s poem is for moments (and lives) that pass by us unnoticed.
Today I am going to pop my first Xanax and hopefully fall into a blissful dreamless slumber.
Gabey’s dream was that he and his brothers were visiting our friends on a farm. They had a map to find their way home but they left it behind. They were lost but his brother wouldn’t stop and kept leading them further away from home. This morning at soccer I had a talk with him about how I would never, ever stop looking for him if he was ever lost. Even if someone took him from us their desire to hide him wouldn’t be more powerful than my love for him and my desire to find him. We talked about how if he was ever lost and scared he needs to know that Jesus will never leave him and if anyone ever hurts children Jesus will make it right. I don’t like those conversations and I hope with everything in me that he never faces those awful circumstances, but if he ever was lost he needs to know I’d turn this world upside down to find him.
Former University of Miami football coach Randy Shannon is suing the school for money he says is owed to him that was guaranteed for the final year of his contract.
the Prophets….
* Washing Machines
Last Friday was BUBBLE day! I bought all my students their own bottle of bubbles. We read this adorable book about a baby that gets trapped in a bubble and floats around town with everyone trying to catch him.
Riva said nothing, but she looked like as if she was holding back laughter…at us. I was not amused.
A coroner determined that neglect led to the boy’s death by “animal eating.”
Look deeper, how far can you see?
Again the beauty isn’t conveyed in these photos. It was an amazing site to behold.
Prize: We will select one winner to receive $25 in credit added to their Cricut.com account. Please allow 4 to 6 weeks for delivery from winner announcement.
My books of the year
I am really starting to appreciate the Mexi Mart (which just opened last year), as you can get way cheaper meat and produce, plus all your Catholic/Botanica needs are covered, also. Anyplace where I can get cheap potatoes, a Virgin Mary candle, and a bottle of tequila is all right by me.
I came across these today while sorting through the library and I realised I have never shared them. They are from a second shoot I did for the My Little Jedi Magazine Launch Issue last year (the one used in the magazine can be found here). Hope you like them - sweet and simple and would be perfect for a little bridal shower.
The recently-restored chapel, included in the French national heritage inventory of sites and monuments, remains part of the parish of Saint-Pierre church in Avensan. The priest of Saint-Pierre continues to officiate at Saint-Raphaël for occasional christenings, weddings and funerals, and a ceremonial pilgrimage in memory of Pey Berland is held there every year in July.
“This year’s conference is presenting new ideas and energy technologies that have global impact,” said Robert Amundsen, one of the conference organizers and director of the master’s in energy management program at NYIT. “We’re offering an interdisciplinary exploration of key energy topics that are important for people who live in developed areas like Long Island or in rural settings with few resources.”
Aporta is an associate professor within the Department of Sociology and Anthropology at Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario. His career has centered around ethnographic research within several Inuit communities in Nunavut. His major research interests are connected to how Inuit relate to their physical environment and the transmission of Inuit oral knowledge in contemporary contexts. He also explores new ways to represent oral knowledge using modern technologies.
They offered me the job that week. I turned them down because I wasn't anywhere near ready to leave Portland. Yet at the same time, I remember sitting in the back office at work and feeling a sense of release. And God saying "You are released from Portland. Go when you wish."
88. Bake. The feel of the dough, the smell of the baking is a good multisensory experience.
I had prepared this post last night so it was ready to go early this morning. Then when I got up this morning, I saw that the idea of this card could also work for today's Splitcoast Clean and Simple challenge which includes a sketch by Taylor (whom you have already seen on this hop!) So, I made a second card for you that showcases a different sentiment. Unfortunately, it belated occurred to me that I should also have used a different silhouette for you to see.
Another reason to love fall? The produce choices available in this season just can’t be beat. So in honor of this fabulous time of year, where there are Apples! Pumpkins! Squash! All sorts of root vegetables! I thought it might be nice to focus on fall produce recipes for the next few weeks.
Can you tell there is a lot of crafting going on at my house right now. You wont want to miss any of the above blog hops they are all going to be full of some oh-so talented ladies and there is going to be so many amazing projects along with some amazing blog candy! So be sure to mark your calenders.
Stamps-Echoes of Kindness, Whimsical Words
I pity him a little, as his insecurity flickers into view. He couldn't help himself, I want to say to my mother, not sure if it's meant to excuse his hubris or condemn it. Neither seems appropriate, so once again, I pull out my camera. Even if I can't sort out the color of my thoughts, I can save the image of the moment to muse on later.
I will, in the future, attempt to refrain from posting a bunch of weepy shite that makes all you men out there go "Jesus, her Aunt Flo's visiting," and the women say "Fuck me, is there no chocolate in her house? My mother-in-law is not that whiny!" As a side note, the painters were not in, but that's beside the point.
Beautifully
A: No. I never use my name when booking a reservation, and I have credit cards in other names." Michael Bauer
Yesterday, the Hubby, the boys, and I went to our local Ikea in search for a shelf to fit in between our fridge and our wall (a 9" gap), so we could store our canned goods there (since there isn't really space for them anywhere else).
The Ways and Means Committee seemed receptive to the technical fix involved in the first proposal, which could provide an additional $500 million immediately, according to The Bond Buyer's 6/4/07 report . (After that first year, Youssouf told the Observer, the fix could provide $200 million a year after that.)
Despite the fact that I feel like HELL, I really am trying to stay positive (Even though it may not sound like it!). While this pregnancy has not been easy for me and not something I have enjoyed AT ALL, I still find myself feeling incredibly blessed. At the end of the day when I'm achy and tired and I pretty much want to slam myself face first into the wall, I am reminded that God has blessed me with two of the greatest gifts and in the end, it WILL be worth it. I would do all of this all over again for my twins if I had to, but I won't lie, I'm quite looking forward to having my body back!
We all knew Future group was in trouble, but amazing to see it was so desperate. It has sold its one of the few profitable business to a key rival.
Beyond that elegant prose, it’s the heart of the story, the tangled strands of self-pity and love, frustration and respect, that make FATHER’S DAY such a heartbreaking revelation of a read.
Publication Date: March 8, 2012
The page posts videos of Justin getting injured, song parodies, Bieber getting killed, and other “hate” videos. Including a video of Ozzy Osborne, claiming to be unaware of who JB is. Clueless
The law set up bank regulators to monitor the banks’ lending, especially in low-income areas and to black and Hispanic borrowers. Banks that didn’t make enough such loans found it difficult to open new branches, complete mergers or acquisitions, etc. The law specified that new low-income lending volume should be the goal but of course, with safety and soundness. Right.
12 eggs
Walpurgis Night (Valborgsmässoafton) is a traditional spring festival on 30 April or 1 May in large parts of Central and Northern Europe. It is exactly six months from All Hallows’ Eve.
What really stands out for me from when I was young was the way Joe Morgan flapped his left arm before at-bats, the way Jamaal Wilkes shot basketballs from behind his head, the way Al Hrabosky stomped around behind the mound, the way Billy Kilmer's passes fluttered, Greg Pruitt's tearaway jerseys, Lester Hayes covered in stick-um, Fidrych smoothing out the mound and talking to the baseball (or himself), Gretzky perched behind the goal, Billy Smith seemingly trying to hit players with his stick as they skated by, Reggie Jackson swinging so hard he would fall to one knee, Luis Tiant's windup, Fernando Valenzuela's windup, John McEnroe's serve, Mike Singletary's eyes, on and on and on. In other words, what I remember is the stuff that was really DIFFERENT. Yes: Different is good in sports.
04. Black Dog
Michael doesn’t work alone. He is complimented by Faith. Power (Michael) gives the will to action, but without faith, the actions will not be successful. The brief definition of faith is believing unconditionally. Even though Leoben tortured her, her never lost faith in her. He was the one to show her the images of her dying mother so she could forgive herself and relive the past. He was her guiding light when she was trying to lead the fleet to Earth. He gave her advice and made her push through the most difficult times in her life. In a nut shell, Leoben was giving hope to Starbuck even when she didn’t believe in herself. She had to believe in herself in order to complete her actions, or journey.
“Inviting us to be here mindfully, paying attention to our thoughts, emotions, and sensory experiences as they arise from moment-to-moment.”
A friend just lost his job due to efficiency, and another one purposedly left hers for wanting to start her own business.
Love opens the door.
Lacking such facilities he has to make do with me wiping a cloth and wielding a disinfectant.
Makes 8 large muffins or 16 small muffins.
**Describe the Easter traditions that you have at your church?
snuggles with my biggest boy
Back to R. Munk’s thoughts.
Lastly throttle and engine maps will affect the car on corner exit. Intuitively fiercer maps will make a car want to oversteer out of turns, offsetting understeer.
Who knew it would do this to me.
with no heavy intellectual burdens,
The tax hike would raise the tax millage rate from 18.266 to 18.631, Mary Lynne Kniley, director of finance for the district, said Tuesday evening.
‘There’re things I wish I hadn’t said—
Final Notes:
We are both so enriched by each others presence… her sister came in from out-of-state and booked massages every day while she is here. The first day it was like 7:30 at night… my whole body is shutting down that late at night… but when my landlady came in with her sister, it sort of refueled me. I gave her sister a massage and actually had a little psychic juice to tell her things at 8pm! I was shocked!! Because my own schedule is already booked out some, the only time I can do any massage is later in the afternoon, after all my readings are done. It doesn’t leave me with a lot of battery juice to read during a massage. Her first session was 2 hours and I got nothing thru her body. I was already energetically tapped out. The next day she came again, this time with my landlady and it was late… it was like 4pm and I was tapped out psychically from my day of readings. My landlady stayed thru the reading part of the massage to take notes for her sister of all that may come thru. I read for her as if I had a full battery pack on… everything crystal clear and fluid…. until the moment my landlady left… so went my psychic juice. I was right back to tired, and visually shut down.
Quiet
R. Amen.
09/23/2011 BUY 0.01 xauusd 1676.42 10/11/2011 1680.93 +4.38
by Lynda Mullaly Hunt
I thought I had this scheduled to post this morning. No... I had only saved the draft! Oh well at least I had saved the draft and not lost the complete post! LOL I don't know where my brain is anymore!!! Anyway while I was working on my last card I decided I needed something to hold the little pieces of paper that I write the distress inks on before I lose one! I found the desk tidy holder on SCS and the instructions can be found here. It holds 3x3 papers or post it notes.
The views expressed in this column are entirely the views of the author and are not necessarily those of any of the institutions – or their partners – with which he is associated.
Some people take offense to the idea that a day in Genesis 1 might not equal 24 hrs and those like to spout verses like "By him, were all things created," (Colossians 1:16) and Romans 1:25 – “They exchanged the truth of God for a lie, and worshiped and served created things rather than the Creator—who is forever praised. Amen.”
make up - x decide
The message these moms are communicating to the world is appalling. The "pro-gay bandwagon?" Dear God, could you sound any more ignorant? What's even sadder is that clearly tens of thousands of children are being raised to hate homosexuals and discriminate against an entire group of people. Disgusting.
She led a very secretive, yet colorful life. Her final demise ~ murdered ~the mystery still remains unresolved.
However we know what comes next. At this point in the story though, Peter and disciples have this all worked out in their minds. They have seen what has happened, and they are looking forward to what they know will happen. They knew that Jesus was going to be the king and put down those who were oppressing their nation, and they were correct, but not how they thought.
and weave together in these new spaces in which we have claimed, into which we
Your Fellow Pilgrim in Christ … Bartimaeus
237I call aloud; it hears not what I say;
Happy writing, happy reading, happy doing whatever you do, wherever you are.
One of the options she gave me was to drink some concoction called GoLytely. Go lightly. Well, that sounds nice. It's the name of Audrey Hepburn's lovable character in Breakfast at Tiffany's. Lightly. Go lightly. It sounds nice and calm. Deception number two.
"ANPQuarterly is an arts magazine published by RVCA that focuses on a broader sense of art and community. The idea behind this endeavor is to make a magazine that will educate and inform openly and without the social or financial restrictions that plague many publications today. Our goal is not to focus on current events or “who’s hot” but rather to bring forward people and phenomena that deserve acknowledgment and coverage regardless of their place in time."
“Nicola.” His wife’s name tasted of candles and ash. “Nicola, wake up,” he murmured without conviction.
Gratuitous Ken Masters butt shot!
So I am practicing on my favorite subject.. my son: Here he is with our FIRST PUPPY .. a Pug named SIMON. Hey he chose it! We miss you Simon.!
6. Chick-fil-A Chicken Strip
"extensions of persons" and have social agency.
“I have had fantastic positive feedback from the team at Little Havens about how the children and their families have been enjoying their new cinema room,” says Ian Morrish, Sales Manager at ISE who is heading up the campaign. “Some of the children who visit the hospice are too poorly to visit a local cinema, and for others it requires a huge amount of planning making family trips out difficult. That’s why it was important to bring the cinema to the hospice. The warmth of welcome and the support we received from the staff coupled with the reaction from the children as we unveiled their cinema made all the hard work worthwhile.”
There can no longer be any question that Heimat, German director Edgar Reitz’s monumental trilogy, belongs to a handful of cinematic works that can without hyperbole be rightfully called masterpieces. Following the lives of three generations of the Simon family from the fictitious village of Schabbach, encompassing the 20th century from the end of WWI to the present day and spanning over 52 hours, Heimat 1(1984), Heimat 2 (1992) and Heimat 3 (2004) constitute an achievement unparalleled in the history of cinema. The film, a work of tremendous range, power and beauty, exported to 44 countries, seen by tens of millions of people worldwide and the recipient of several prestigious awards has nonetheless been greeted by what can only be qualified as a conspiratorial silence by the press on this side of the Atlantic. At the Website IMDb, the film has received a paltry 600 ratings (cf. 128,956 for Saving Private Ryan). A cursory search of the Web yields a dozen or so notices, few of which give more than a bare outline of the plot, perhaps a word or two about the history of WWII, and maybe a mention of the ‘daunting’ length of the trilogy. As of yet, no meaningful discussion of the 1,500 page-long screenplay, no analysis of the film’s style — aside from the obvious alternation of B&W with color (although one insightful reviewer has gone so far as to proclaim that the film has no discernible style!), and no acknowledgement of the film’s towering stature in the history of European cinema. Among English-speaking countries, the film has fared better in Great Britain, where it has been broadcast by the BBC (which maintains a website devoted to the series) and received glowing tributes in The Independent and The Guardian. It should come as no surprise then, that, in a recent interview (l’Humanite, 3/29/06) on the occasion of the French premiere of Heimat 3, Reitz commented that this was the only country where they have spoken to me about tracking shots and lighting, due probably to the fact that cinema is rooted in France’s culture.
Rolling Panic Affiliated 3 Complete Rolling Panic Affiliated 2 with 150 credibility or more
The last pedicure I had, a distant memory on land. My toenails are now a chipped and scuffed mess of decaying polish and scars from tripping over hatches and off of dinghys. Not to mention the blisters spotted around my feet from hikes...
“Will that test change your management?”
lit golden by the setting sun
We took the day off today so that I could have my wisdom tooth out.
No, it’s not about Taiwan and it’s not about a Facebook suicide but yes, it is oh so interesting. Samantha Brick reveals the trials and tribulations of being “too pretty” in her ” Woe is me, I’m too beautiful” article in the Daily Mail.
I experimented with this flour for a week or so, starting of with half white and half rye. The recipe above is the one we thought was the best. However, like every recipe, I hope you experiment with it and suit it exactly to your taste. I think recipes are just a starting point, they're there to show you how, and if you know what to look for, particularly when you're making bread, it should be quite easy for you to adjust the recipe to suit yourself.
I found that not everyone was as sold on '84 Donruss as I was after reading over the comments on Night Owl's Donruss post. One word in particular came up a few times.
Black and white is one of my favourite colour combinations.
I have always imagined Alaska to be a land of scenic beauty and wonder, one of the last great nature refuge's on earth. And I'm sure it is, but you might not notice that from this series. Here, Alaska seems like a lonely, cold, and desolate place.
With sub-zero winds rushing in from the steppes and a cold snap across most of Europe I can't think of a better way to cram in some comfort food and liquid central heating ... get yourself over to this site for authentic Russian recipes.
6) Fool’s Guild – Crime in Choir – from “Gift Givers”
We tend to stay up until at least 4 am which is kind of crazy. Before long, we've only had a couple of hours sleep and we're up again, this time getting ready and preparing our Christmas Dinner! Oh and of course a cheeky chocolate from our advent calendars.
B: Sue Snell or Chris Hargensen, who would you take to the prom?
As of Monday, I am officially an Alumnus.
We should also pray that their executioners may come to repentance.
This news is so shocking we literally can’t believe it. And thanks to our posters for bringing it to our attention.
Hi, I'm Tanja,
We believed him.
It also makes fun of every other kind of horror film out there. The recent spate of Scandinavian horror films that go beyond all good taste are labeled as a total failure from almost the first moment. The Japanese horror film, where no one has ever survived any incarnation of, is lambasted by finally letting everyone survive the Japanese horror film (how hard is it to kill nine-year-olds?).
And finally: There are no April Fools' jokes in this post. Because I don't believe in that shit.
I don't know if it is my dough or the machine but my little zig-zag perforations didn't cut. So, I sliced them with a knife. I'm not too proud to eat the edges either.
We had the chance to sample four different wines: sparkling white, a 2010 white, a 2010 red, and a 1989 red. It felt crazy to taste the one from 1989–the wine was older than me! Another surprise came when I tried the white wine–never have I tasted wine so sweet. It literally felt like I was drinking liquid sugar. (shockingly, as much of a sweet tooth as I have, it wasn’t all that appealing past the first sip) The rest were good though!
I say, "Yes, he is."
Since I'm from Arizona, where rain usually comes only twice a year during monsoon season, I actually don't mind the rain. But this particular morning I would be dealing with the French government and since this almost always means standing outside in a long line for hours, only to arrive at the reception desk to be told that you're missing one document, or the 6th copy of another document, or some other strange thing that you couldn't possibly know about even if you had the divination skills of the Oracle of Delphi, I wasn't looking forward to getting soaked and blown about with 75 other people outside of the OFII office (Office Français de l'Immigration et de l'Intégration) as I waited for my last step of my visa and work permit process - the Visite médicale obligatoire. This is the step where the government doctor screens you to make sure you're not carrying the bubonic plague into France.
What music there is in the soft ‘v’ sounds morphing into the harsher consonants. Not only does Pugh play with sounds inherited and inveigled from other languages, but also breaks the lines just so to anticipate the crescendo to each and every ‘turn,’ in lines that fold in and out like the folds in a blanket waiting to be shook out.
It's Jesus, plain and simple.
Thomas O’Brien has a goal to reach 5000 friends and he currently is up to about 1200 please follow the link to his page and show your support of encouragement, send him a friend request.
I’ve been writing for quite a while now, and I’ve been making up stories in my head for even longer; that’s what my Barbies and My Little Ponies were used for when I didn’t know that writing was a thing.
Strap Chain what you like for a lenght for the strap. Remember this will stretch some.
I think of the really rich fat guy in Monty Python’s “The Meaning of Life” who is so stuffed at the end of an endless, gluttonous meal- during which he is periodically provided with barf buckets- during which he throws up on nearly everyone in the restaurant— he is so stuffed, “so absolutely stuffed,” that he refuses a simple after dinner mint. But the waiter insists- implores him to try just one last thing-one small after dinner mint to which he finally succumbs and- alas- blows up.
Someone had left two baskets of strawberries in my fridge and I woke up one morning knowing they were on their last little legs. I could almost hear them calling to me, “End it! End our suffering!”
A pattern of curving stripes in several different blues
I have lots more photos -- so let me know -- via comments -- if I should just do a general
Jeffery Deaver managed to entertain me even though I had pretty much decided I wouldn’t care for the book before I even started reading it.
Perfect
Liam Callahan, 44, Rockaway, N.J.
I found out yesterday that you'll be discontinuing the chemotherapy you'd been undergoing for your lung cancer and I realized it was time to write a letter. Past due time.
The sold cow
Seeing the massive amounts of clothes I had for various seasons and knowing that most of my paycheck the first couple months would go to big-item purchases/necessities (groceries, home stuff, etc), I knew that buying clothes would be out of the question.
She and her brother founded a handbag brand Meridian 110. She told me about her new business and I offered her to take photos of her new line. I’m an amateur photographer, but I do love styling, so I offered my unskilled photography and styling to her as a friend.
As if an “ordinary” pink elephant isn’t intimidating enough, consider the catastrophic possibility of confronting an elephant parade. This was recently illuminated in the center ring by Genworth Financial’s claim analysis released last year:
- Golden metal hardware
New restrictions on meeting
Reich: we can unite the left and right to
The hook is loose. Do you see how it comes off that little protruding doohickey on the left? I don't have the correct screwdriver for this so I'll have to pick one up later today if possible.
If we believe it...It will be created...
Or to put it another way, a significant minority of the public—millions of people—still oppose the ban four years after it was brought in and less than half of smokers support the law.
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese (8 ounces)
Cryin all the time
With early diagnosis and treatment, children with amblyopia are expected to restore the sight in the lazy eye. However, if left untreated, the weak eye never develops adequate vision and the person may become functionally blind in that eye.
Your child should be able to trust you, period. They should know that you have their back, you unconditionally love them, you will take them seriously, and you will do everything in your power to support them in following their passions.
1 answered
Heartfelt Creations will be mailing me products to use to make 2 creations for the final round this week that will be due on April 13th. I can't wait to see what they send me to create with!!!
Throughout the crisis, Assad’s regime has held that it faces not a popular uprising against his rule but a campaign of violence by terrorists.
Seriously, I am SO IN LOVE with this series...I have a feeling the best is still to come, and I cannot wait for more...Unfortunately for the rest of you, you're going to have to wait until September 13, 2010 for the release of The Wake of the Lorelei Lee. I want to thank Haughton Mifflin Harcourt for the chance to review this book! (and their permission for the cover picture)
In athletics, coaches motivate their athletes as they prepare for competition. It is the job of the coach to understand and address the athlete’s needs in order to efficiently progress in their sport. Everything from nutrition to sleep patterns can positively or negatively effect performance, and it is up to the coach to make sure that the athlete is aware and focused on all significant areas at all times. Athletes who are best prepared both on and off the field have the best opportunity to be successful on the field of play. The details of training will give athletes the competitive edge.
Usually my go-to order at Starbucks is a grande skinny vanilla latte (3p+), which only happens when my boyfriend buys it for me b/c I can not afford Starbucks. Also I found a kind of “cheat sheet” if you will on Starbucks website this morning that will allow you to fix up any drink however you like, teach you how to order it, and provide you with the nutrition information for that drink….it’s up to you to find out the points+ but that’s pretty easy with e-tools.
Author Jody Hedlund captures the story of a pioneer missionary couple in her new book The Doctor’s Lady. The story is based on the life of the first white woman to cross the continental divide and travel to the far West. Devotion to God links Priscilla White to her husband Eli Ernest, both of whom are following a call to mission work. Love is secondary. Theirs is a marriage of convenience and sometimes inconvenience. As they experience the trials of a 7-month journey from New York to Oregon Country, they discover parts of themselves they didn’t know existed, and their relationship is the better for it.
O GurSikhs, know that the Bani, the Word of the True Guru, is true, absolutely true. The Creator Lord Himself causes the Guru to chant it. (Guru Granth Sahib, Ang 308)
In the country far away,
“Oh, Mummy, you smell of champagne,” F12 said gathering me in a big hug from tiny arms when I got in.
Realizing you can’t always be alone.
Raw organic honey has phenomenal health benefits, but can't be heated at high temps or those health benefits are zapped. So, we use it primarily for slow-melting in hot breakfast cereals and a nutritional, sweet boost in smoothies. No good for baking, though. I mean, it'll still sweeten your baked goods, but what you're left with after your bread is baked is a higher calorie sweetener than sugar even rather than a propolis-infused super food.
She had something.
Jessie Jamieson Credland (Ind) 791
JAM 11March2012
So what I'm saying is, not only did I go to LA this past week. I also went back to Ft. Lauderdale.
before you were born I set you apart;
Once again the difficulties of animating enough action to match the scripts came to the fore. The problem partially lies in recording the voice-over separately, rather than straight onto the animation, but this isn’t really practical. However I think that any problems like this teach the pupils a lot, and they hopefully will be very aware of the issue for future animations.
He sat it on the coffee table and proceeded to go into some drunken rambling about all my perceived faults, flaws and falsehoods. In mid-sentence, he stopped to grab my breast, throw his body weight to me and attempt to kiss me. My hand flew defensively up. I threw him backwards and asked what the **** he thought he was doing. I also spewed some words about his drinking, but he was in no place to hear anything. He repelled the conversation again back on my deficiencies.
"What other source quotes are there? (I usually use at least two)
Tea Rat to Announcer: I say my good lad / would it be in taste bad / if my voice were but lent / to announce this event?
As you strive toward your goals and your Universal and Physical endeavors, may you continue to glow amidst, all that you will encounter. So, you can shine brightly amongst others, in a way that you have never done, before…” – Eleesha
“Montreal-based art initiative EN MASSE is best described as an ongoing exercise in irreverent, improvised collaborative drawing — a boundary-blurring cocktail of high and lowbrow culture, pop imagery fragmented like shattered glass in a spontaneous, multi-genre, black-on-white collision.”
No drop in my blood sugar.
Collared shirts are required for gentlemen.
If you aren't familiar with Pearl Girls or Margaret McSweeney, please visit www.pearlgirls.info for more information. Also - if you know another blogger who would be interested in this series, please this link.
f. Release of carcinogens.
This 43 year old Irish Italian girl in my opinion has what it takes to make her man proud of her. (not that she looks 43, I would have guessed her in her mid 30's)
Well there you have it, a quick sample of some of my festival/holiday buys (believe me, its just a small fraction of what I've actually purchased), I'll hopefully be doing a new update soon before I head off on my travels!
Now, I made the note in the last post about transporting too much work at once, and how that wouldn’t work. And, since I arrived at mi casa after 10 PM, I decided I would have time to unload my car before reloading it with my work. One thing I had not even considered was rain.
Fox – Fox is in a good place. They aren’t dominating, but they have a lot of solid shows. That is probably the reason why they have so few shows on the bubble.
6.Keep in medium flame and stir often.
So simple, but, as my yoga teacher lovingly reminds us often, not easy. Since a girl of four playing pretend, I’ve always imagined getting married, having babies, but I confessed to my husband on the day I knew I wanted to marry him that I’d never imagined a face attached to my imagined husband’s body until him. Never even a sex to the babies I imagined raising. The longing was not so much thought bubble as thought cloud – wispy, indistinct. A blurred vision of the future with subtle but real boundaries.
What do I believe is the meaning of life?
This week Sophia found a Youtube video on how to transform an old t-shirt into a totally new shirt. She took one of Alexander's t-shirts that was too small for him and created an updated teen look for herself. She is also busy reading a few different books. She is on vacation from dog sitting this week which means she gets to sleep in a little later. She spends time online with friends through Facebook and Skype and also in person through homeschool groups or separate outings. She bought a ukulele and is learning to play that as well as continuing to take guitar lessons with her dad. Best thing for me that she does everyday is gives me lots of hugs.
At the time, city staff was supportive of the idea and noted widening Governor’s Road would not be an option.
"What's the deal with the money you've been stealing?" I asked.
But the slasher film per se doesn't do much for me: blood for the sake of blood...eh. The first Friday had enough other things to keep me interested: the characters were actually...a little character'y; it's always fun to watch the back-story unwind (even when you already know it); and, honestly, the setting is quite gorgeous. This, really, was one of the things working against the scare value of the movie for me; I grew up somewhere that looks very much like "Crystal Lake" and, while I've seen plenty of horror movies with a woods'y setting that work just dandy to set my adrenaline going, this wasn't one of them: there wasn't a nasty vibe coming out of those trees, at least to my mind.
i did find this photo i wanted to share with you, taken a few years ago when i was on vacation here,
Noticing he hadn’t signed it yet, she asked for his paw print.
What is bothering me about this conversation is that Astrophysicist Man can tell Terry Gross anything, anything at all, and Terry, and all of us, the listening public, will just listen and nod like we believe what he was saying, even if we don't understand it, because he is the one with the title and the degree, and because we have not studied it ourselves, nor do we care to do so, anytime soon.
517 *D-I/19/1961. “Realism and the Practice of Law: A Lecture for Law Students.” Northwestern University Law School, Chicago, Illinois. (Included in Item C-1964(1), above, pp. 706-14. Incorporated in C-1977(10), above, pp. 1027-34.)
To date, not reporting the souls to be saved this morning at service is 114.
But he can’t, and his wife Ellen (Beverly D’Angelo) knows it. “Sparky,” as she affectionately calls her husband, has a tendency to build up his expectations to such a level that no one can live up to them. Ellen is trying to protect her husband from himself, but she knows that he’s going to go through with everything and instead of stomping on his optimism, she steps back and lets him go for it – but she’s always ready to step in and offer him some comfort when he needs it.
How to Enter*:
Traveling, I could write a lot of words on how much I love-need-crave these adventures, but I will keep it simple. It is a huge part of my life and will always be an inspiration in my art (long after returning from the trip).
The way out was pretty straightforward, get onto the Tumkur highway at Yeshvantpur and stick to it. After the initial bit that has metro construction crap, the highway is broad and smooth and characteristically undulating (characteristic of roads around Bangalore). I stopped outside a big flood-lit petrol pump and took a breather. It was 3:15am and I guessed form how far Tumkur was and from matching the uphill that I’d been climbing to the altitudinal profile that I had that I’d come about 40 k. The base of my nape, around the left trapezius, close to the vertebrae was beginning to throb with a dull ache. This ache, a constant companion through the next four days of riding, starting mildly at 40 k into the ride I thought wasn’t all that bad.
Now it was up to the zoo staff and volunteers to hand raise baby Kalijon with the goal of getting her back with her own kind as soon as possible. We had an experienced mother orangutan, Jill, just waiting in the wings to take over when she was old enough. So instead of treating her like a human baby (which is easy to do becasue the size and anotomy are so similar), the "orangutan mamas" acted like orangutans.
Marry - Totally, hands-down, Jason Bateman. He is so cute, seems like a romantic, his personality is awesome and he's been married in real life for over a decade, so he must be good at it! Plus he's an actor and probably has lots of money!!
But this book then. Hugh has such a bad reputation and for a reason, but he still is so kind and sweet, well after a while, and only to Serena. What was there not to like. She made him soften up. And Serena is so brave for not backing down, she wants that asshole Duke to pay. She had quite the backbone.
Whereas it is possible to find instances of immigrants behaving in a manner which is offensive to the host population, it is ridiculous to tar all immigrants with the same brush. The media are quite happy to claim that immigrants are responsible for the job shortage, but they do not look at the fact that the population of the country has been deliberately raised through immigration, in order to create mass unemployment and thus keep wages down, and prevent demands for better employment conditions. Likewise, we are told that we need skilled immigrants to fill the vacant positions in our health system due to insufficient numbers of indigenous people gaining the appropriate qualifications. The abolition of free Higher Education, and the dumbing down of all State education has led to the situation where illiteracy is growing, and it is becoming difficult to obtain qualified staff. The solution is not importing workers, but education the people already in the nation. The media ignore this blatantly obvious fact.
danced, oblivious to whoever’s shoes
an unfolded road map to whatever father
BN, don’t be a dingus use that mandate and end the Apartheid of Bumiputera . . . also if peaceful Tibetans burn themselves to protest apartheid, guess what warlike Mongols do to to people who blow up their kin – PM Najib needs that Pmship more than the Rakyat does IMHO, so how about making Malaysia a first world, UNHCR compliant nation that best applies the tenets of Islam Surah An Nisa 4:75 at least ( . . . and saving Najib who will be vulnerable without the time and protection of a PMship . . . )?
(Billions? There's no such claim in new city revenue; in fact, the New York City Independent Budget Office estimates that the arena would be a money-loser for the city.)
Valerie Comer's life on a small farm in western Canada provides the seed for stories of contemporary inspirational romance. Like many of her characters, Valerie grows much of her own food and is active in the local food movement as well as her church. She only hopes her imaginary friends enjoy their happily ever afters as much as she does hers, gardening and geocaching with her husband, adult kids, and adorable granddaughters.
Do you have job descriptions for each position?
17. Beautiful Sin - Lost
1872 – In the 18th century, Europeans immigrated to the Americas and brought with them various cheesecake recipes. At this time, the cheesecakes were still being made with hard and soft cheeses. After another century, in 1872, a New York dairy farmer, William Lawrence, accidentally created what most cheesecakes of the U.S. use today: CREAM CHEESE. He was attempting to recreate the French cheese Neufchatel, but accidentally discovered the process to make cream cheese instead. Then in 1875, cream cheese was being packaged and distributed nationwide to local stores under the brand “Philadelphia Cream Cheese“. In 1903, Philadelphia Cream Cheese was purchased by Phoenix Cheese Company, and then repurchased in 1928 by Kraft Cheese Company where it still remains today.
At this point, I got a dirty look for being clueless and was left standing alone.
Here’s the raw NT material:
Freedom is partial to no race. Freedom has no religion. Freedom favors no ethnicity. Freedom discriminates not between rich and poor countries. Inevitably freedom will overwhelm Ethiopia. —Eskinder Nega
3 cellar
Earlier generations of Britons would have died fighting before they allowed this to happen, but we cringe and submit to it like beaten mutts. Yet, what is it we cringe before? A bunch of ill educated or hate filled communists, a dishonest media and a regiment of alleged human rights lawyers, who defend only the human rights of a selected few, together with a few lying, soul selling, politicians and above all the terrorism of a single word. We cringe because if we do otherwise we might be called “racists” or we might offend people from cultures, where wife beating, infanticide, honour killing, female genital mutilation, gang-rape, homophobia, murder, torture and corruption are endemic, - some indeed where ritual killing, cannibalism and slavery still occur, - and people we have granted sanctuary to and yet whom we are taught to feel indebted – and often inferior - to.
… and so manners is very important in our house. And she wrote a storybook because there were all sorts of how-to books on manners but there was no storybook, teaching manners through, well, how Christ taught us, through stories. And — and that’s what she did. And that book has hopefully somewhat civilized some children around this country.
When you’ve tried to generate passion on your own what was the result?
Tip: This is easy to make ahead and only takes a few minutes to put together the night of! Prepare in the frying pan, cover and refrigerate, just warm it up right in the pan. Use pre-cooked frozen beans (see this post for details).
It is very unlucky to sit down thirteen to dinner, particularly if you are the thirteenth diner, as Eva Chance is. But it is particularly unlucky not to have a place laid for you or any food served to you – because no-one can see you are there! So begins Ghost of a Chance, the new novel by Rhiannon Lassiter, published by Oxford University Press.
the house in town to the farmhouse.
Sara, tell us about your art. What kind of style do you consider it and what are your favorite mediums to work with?
• Green Onions (Scallions) – Mom gave me these as well, I’ve never grown onions not as a set before, so we’ll see how they go. I’m keeping my fingers crossed for these, they should be pretty versatile to cook with.
But were destiny to shape circumstances,
Every night at 7 pm, 52 weeks a year, the homeless of Brighton and Hove are fed with sandwiches and given coffee and soup near the peace statue by the seafront. This is done by volunteers from St Mary Magdalen Church and volunteers from outside the Church who wish to join in and help to feed the hungry of Brighton. Tonight it is 7 degrees outside, but it will rain.
TOTAL 2,536
Aging between 2 – 3 years in barrels provided by Jim Beam gives this tequila it’s golden color & complex flavor. It’s won 8 awards at spirit competitions in the last 9 years.
The case will begin on October 1, 2012 by which time he
To be able to say that I’ve written something here, I’ll just have to.. write, right? Today I’ve gone home to my mother’s house (I have to tell; I still live with my parents, they’ve been divorced for about ten years, and I live in two separate houses). I’ve been cleaning my room most of the day, wich was very needed, there where a lot of dust on my decorative skull! I’ve also sorted my clothes, so there’s not a big black mess all over my floor anymore… for now. Feels really good~ My shoe collection got a sorting as well. Looks nice .
A day to remember all who have served us and are currently serving us in the armed forces of the United States of America. This day was instituted to honor and remember the participants in our own Civil War where over 600,000 lives were lost. Today we continue to find cause to send our young men and women into harms way to defend the freedoms we have come to appreciate here in the U. S.
Nas is a consummate storyteller who's not afraid to innovate and experiment. (The narrators of Nas's songs include a fetus, a corpse, and a gun.) His lyrics feature an extensive vocabulary and complex rhymes, but he never lets the fancy wordplay interfere with his flow.
Iowa City police notified area law enforcement agencies and the University of Iowa issued a Hawk-Alert. The Iowa City school district ordered a school lockdown for a brief period of time but lifted that at 9:45 a.m.
Jeff Hunt (REP) 8.29% 123
It could mean any of the above mentioned words,
What we should be really be doing is mourning the passing of a once great nation, sold out to the values and standards of the Third World by a motley collection of treacherous politicians, far-left extremists and their woefully ignorant, useful idiot liberal allies.
Vladimir, smiling, said that he yet did not raise his Kundalini from all segments and so still had not unzipped it all.
If you're strapped for cash or it's too late to plan a trip, how about you join me for my Haunted Savannah Blog Tour. I'll tell you all the ghost stories I know....for FREE. How's that sound?
@redswir1 You can manually download the EE patch here. If you don’t mind downloading 35+ 250mb chunks. It’s crazy like a 1999 warez site, but it worked for me. ~11 gigs instead of 25. Don’t forget the English language pack. Yay PC gaming.
Such an unreasonable proposal which clearly many non-Muslims view as an attack by Muslims against their way of life, is absolutely of no benefit to the Muslim students and the wider Muslim community at all.
I have put my case in order before your eyes.
One more thing: Not every guy that does the whole “brake suddenly and then reach out to stop your boobs from hitting the dashboard” move is actually aiming for your boobs.
I'm afraid I got cross. My husband said weeks ago - "They will string it out until you give up, Ness - querying it will cost you more than the final sum..." and I didn't like to believe that. But now, yup- he was right. The behaviour of the university was simply rude, disrespectful, and I wasnt going to waste my time any more....apart that is from a final timewaster - writing this, to warn writers to get payment UP FRONT in these circumstances. The people with whom I dealt over the anthology, and my stories - the creative people, were really nice. Charming - but they weren't the Finance people, who scatter their emails liberally with indicators of who they'd like to be - FINANCE DIRECTORATE. (Huh? Accounts Dept would do, thanks...) Orwell would love this lot.
she had become very withdrawn in recent weeks.
It ended bad, but I love what we started
Remember the sound of the second plane full of people roaring in — so very low — and the explosive smack as it hit. Remember that split-second when you and I, and everyone across the country realized as one — this was no accident.
I decided to try and keep my card as CAS as possible in honor of Gayatri's style. Made the background masking off the area using post-its and then distress inked it.
At first I did not enjoy this brief. I thought it very old fashioned and maybe too traditional to be able to have any fun with it what so ever. After researching Caldecott I drew out mind maps and sketched some quick doodles and became internaly very un-motivated. In retrospect I think I was just being lazy. I decided to work with the Queen of Hearts text as it was one that I was very familiar with from childhood. After various attempts and in seeing my work on the wall with everyone else’s I realised that what I had produced looked very rushed (although not) and pretty unimpressive. Fortunately I received some helpful feedback. As my illustrative work is usually very tiny and often very simple line work, then I was advised to keep small and do a lot. So that’s just what I did.
Here’s the big sister in training – she’s a pro already:
This can only be done once, not daily.
Should we trust him? Can we trust him? He hasn’t said anything constructive since he’s been Leader of the Opposition. He just shoots at everything the Government tries to do. Smudges.
Mostly.
Most of the changes will come in the form of a new layout and new gadgets and using them I hope to include some new features into the blog. This has me really excited because I've been looking at various gadgets and I'm thinking up ways to combine them to up the fun factor on my blog.
Palate: Just excellent! Tons of big beautifully integrated spices, creamy nuttiness, nougat and malty goodness. No need for water with this one as it's perfectly drinkable neat.
This will be short. As many of us know, Karl Popper demarcated a scientific theory from a nonscientific one because the former is falsifiable—there are experiments or observations that can be done to disprove it. The “theory” of evolution, for example, could be disproven if we regularly found well-dated fossils out of the proper order (like mammals in the Devonian, for instance), if species didn’t have genetic variation to respond to selection, or if we often found “adaptations” in member of one species that were useful only for another species (e.g., a special nipple on a female mole that was only used for suckling mice).
A Garage Workbench Is Handy At Home
This movement is long overdue. It hits at one of the core problems in the economy. The utter lack of hope and opportunity for the youth, the students, the elderly, the women, the under and unemployed, the people of color, the majority.
Alice In Chains - Dirt
Moses had just reviewed the 10 commandments with Israel and then the greatest commandment to Love God with all you have, everything! then he went on too say this is not only for you but you shall (not an option) teach them to your children.
The race started. And for me it ended around 56 minutes later. I had promised a girl friend of mine from the track that I would run with the other guys in our group. And so I did. At least until the last 2 km or so. Another moment of "the group is more important the individual". At the end they released me with much heckling. We'll see if they're mad a me or not when it comes to hit the track Tuesday.
The need to feel more excessively moral runs rampant in the church today. Brothers and sisters in Christ exercising competitive nature among themselves. Living under the microscope of perfection, deprived of grace.
but when legs play wallflower
Of course, this was meat from our recent pig butchering. I found a recipe for making bacon, which didn't require any ingredients I don't have. Here is the recipe, along with detailed instructions.
3. There is a difference between free speech and condoning hatred.
Bloodless and formal though this argument may be it has long term consequences which may not be bloodless. If we are well on the way to witnessing the final destruction of Westminster’s sovereignty which could not have happened without the willing and aggressively active participation of British politicians – British Conservatives have been by far the most duplicitous - then we are in the middle of truly historical change, certainly as far as England is concerned. The stealthy, treacherous and mendacious manner in which Westminster has been undermined and powers transferred to Brussels could at some stage justify a widespread and determined campaign of civil disobedience (or worse).
No more crying
New visitors may find themselves here, via some unexpected twisting or turning that happened on Al Gore's Internet Superhighway. You may wonder just who the heck this idiot is, who runs this joint.
40. This concludes my 40 wanna be meaty chunks of direction and virtual plethora platter of wisdom nuggets post.
Things have been unbelievably busy these past few weeks. Unbelievable.10,000 things going on at once. I'm forgetting to step back and remember where i am and what I'm doing.
Archangel Michael discusses the Transition with us that will be occurring in the month of May and promises to remove the blindfold and restore us to a sense of our original dimensionality. He also reviews what is occurring with NESARA, Disclosure, the mass arrests, and the unfoldment of the Divine Plan generally. Warm thanks to Ellen for such a quick turnaround.
Factory
sweet potato rates even higher than other foodstuffs i can't stand as it has both a peculiar taste and smell, on top of its already pasty, sometimes fibrous, cooked texture. don't get me wrong .... i have, over the years, tried to form a friendship with it. i have sampled various dishes with it made by friends, only to be disappointed each and every time. i had to say no, however, to trying that most american specialty of pureed sweet pototoes with bruleed marshmallows on top. i mean, really. marshmallows cooked on sweet potatoes?! i must protest. LOUDLY.
I'm also thinking about some small items that I can bring back as giveaways; I already have a few things in mind, but I would love to hear your ideas.
Don Howard and don Rober led all of us on a day trip by long boats up the Rio Momón to search for shacapa leaves and wild Ayahuasca vine. We landed at a tiny rough village and hiked into the jungle about a mile or two to find a chagra or farm that belongs to another shaman.
He hooked me up to the 3D sensors on my left side and had me ride again in the aerobars and in more of an upright position. The system takes the maximum and minimum measurements of your angles. For example, it measures the distance from the back of your calf to your hamstring at the top position while you are pedaling and also at the bottom. At that point, decisions can be made on how to achieve the best angles for comfort and to reduce pain, hot spots, and just plain bad mechanics.
Mangum, meanwhile, offered myriad, mutually contradictory versions of events. Sometimes she was raped by three people; sometimes, by five. Sometimes the second dancer was an accomplice; sometimes, a fellow victim. Mangum’s recollection that one attacker told her he was soon getting married suggested intent to deceive: this otherwise bizarre claim would have enhanced her credibility had she actually (as she believed) danced at a bachelor party.
McAlmont & Butler: Falling
Madness Embarassment UK
I will spend hours upon hours in my cave pounding out word after word, but at some point I will have to come out and join the community. The process of asking questions, answering questions and generally speaking out loud about my work can be a vague process of chasing the unknown knowns: the things I did not know I needed to know, as Donald Rumsfeld already knows:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiPe1OiKQuk
Who gives their significant other eggs for her birthday????
Nigga a living legend
Ever since I discovered I had the amazing talent of putting words together and making them barely legible, it has been a dream of mine to find myself within a written publication.
Chris Petrella (REP) 0.96% 114
Johnathon, (he wrote) “A copy of my book was ordered from amazon.co.uk on Sept 27th, the same day as I personally ordered copies from W.H.Smith and a small local bookseller. Needless to say I am awaiting a parcel from Amazon and a telephone call from the two establishments almost three weeks later. A friend of mine ordered a copy from Ottakers in Harrow, London when the book was first published in February 1999 and he is still awaiting a telephone call from the bookshop. I have a friend in Denmark who ordered the book on August 14th this year and he has also received, I think the phrase is, sweet FA, some nine weeks later. So what next for me? Keep waiting for the three books I ordered I assume? Help.”
Other accessories-
They're becoming very difficult to find!
With laptops, bluetooth and wi-fi gaining an increasing presence in the healthcare industry, it makes sense that medical device stores can tap into this field to market goods. Shopping sites like Nextag and Amazon are starting to realize this as well, with more and more webstores offering categories for medical devices. When also considering that the target audience for medical devices extends far beyond doctors (physical therapy clinics and dentists just to crack the surface) there are many people out there searching for new devices.
#5- Jackie Daniels (I)
The father, the gate you are
So seriously now, when is the last time you have heard a good sermon on gluttony? When is the last time you have been in a bible study where gluttony has been taught? Maybe for some it has been never. Andy why would it be taught? The church is no different than the World we live in. We are outspoken when aids kills people because of a sinful lifestyle. We will speak out about those who are killing themselves through the abuse of alcohol and drugs. But what about the abuse of food? When is the last time you have heard a good sermon about disciplining the body and not abusing it with food? My guess is that most have not. Words like gluttony are no longer in our vocabulary. Practises like fasting and denying ourselves are rituals of days long ago.
Some men are willing to take this in stride — it’s as if they believe that sex has an expiration date! Fortunately, this is not the case, and there are many ways to help ensure that you enjoy healthy erections and powerful orgasms throughout your life.
London Symphony Chorus (chorus-master: Joseph Cullen)
It’s an interesting war, not many people remember it, because it didn’t change a whole lot. It didn’t end because we were such amazing tacticians. It ended more because some of the causes ended.
If the NY MQ were to occur, would you stay faithful to your god and blame the destruction on Bloomberg, his tribe and Mammon?
2) Getting at the ‘real’ Jesus by cribbing together the four gospels with added historical information is a misguided enterprise.
Quote from a movie or TV show: I'll be back!
Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't see BAFTA or Oscar winners having to perform tasks for their awards, but apparently I have to work for this one.
2085.E-IV/14/1999. “House of Lords May Not Survive the Democratic Bias of Our Day.” Hickory Daily Record, Hickory, North Carolina, p. A-4 (abridged).
Testimonials are Valid
So, I'm really hoping that the homestudy will be complete within 2 weeks. Pray hard friends & family!
They too would be lost
Summer CSA options: YCGROWN HAS A NEW CSA! YCGrown, the Yavapai County Farmers and Ranchers Cooperative, now has CSA shares available. There are two sizes of veggie/fruit shares, plus optional egg and beef shares. There also will be specialty items and case quantities available in the web store. The Co-op offers payment options and three pick-up locations.
07 Super Tuff
no sound but the deep horn and the bells,
1-2 teaspoons sugar for each serving
Graham Warwick/Washington
I flew into Madrid and took a bus out to Raquel’s hometown. As soon as I stepped off the bus, I was smothered in hugs by family and whisked by car all around the city. Segovia is breathtakingly beautiful and I got to see it from all of its best angles. Raquel’s dad served as tour guide and Raquel filled in as translator. He was so excited about the city and I loved every moment.
Crafted by folks who’ve helped shape the tradition since the early 1900s, their pennants are hand-printed and hand-sewn in the U.S.A.
If you want to spend a penny today then why not pop over to Carluccio's in Exeter? This is a splendid Toileting facility set within a popular eating establishment. Each toileting unit is individually fully furnished and well equipped with everything that the adventurous toileter should require. There is even an abundance of shiny chrome.
A: This was going to be a commercial project originally, but I would rather it not be. Working is hard when you have depression and the truth is that I simply cannot afford to spend the time on it if I’m not going to be paid. I’m sacrificing the ‘Long Tail’ money for an up-front lump sum. I’ve already spent around $300 of my own money on the project already, so really I’ll just be recouping my loss and paying other creatives – with issues similar to my own – taking some pressure off all of us to get this done.
In your post, include what wine you open, why you picked that wine to wash away your bad day, and the price (or suggested retail price) of the wine. There are no restrictions on price, country, varietal, etc. The sky is the limit. You just need to give us all the details so we can find the wine for after our own bad day.
Sore nipples
Hmmmmp!
Weird that all the vegetables are white, though. (I could tell you about my White Food years; no complaints from me.)
This has been an encouraging little blog project for me. I feel like I can see the house a bit more clearly now. Photographing a room really helps give you fresh perspective. Helps you see what's working so far and what needs to change.
It was an uncommonly auspicious start to Morgan's career--a great Western for the great William Wellman, playing his best scenes with Fonda, in the same cast with character actors like Jane Darwell and Henry Davenport. With the benefit of hindsight, you can look at this scene and see a gift that was going to mark Harry Morgan's acting, whether he was wordlessly menacing in The Big Clock, having his cozy assumptions worn away in Inherit the Wind, or, year after year, trying to fight insanity armed only with common sense in M*A*S*H.
That leads to greater understanding of the ancient design
Barker
This is a Knife (20) – First Prototype Power aquired
Today was more like it!
This Saturday, please join us from 7 to 10PM at 501 Studios (501 N I-35) for our February Beer Social. We will have all of the elements that make our Beer Socials great - live music, great beer, and good conversation. This month we're also adding a "Home Brewers' Corner", and we invite all home brewers to share the fruits of their labor with fellow brewing enthusiasts.
In fact, there are still a lot of children hanging on the road at school time. Some of them stand as beggars, some others sell newspapers on the street, work as street-singers etc. There are many reasons for these children choosing to leave school. As a part of poverty, one of the reasons is their being homeless. A large percentage of the poor people are homeless. A big number of families in a poor live in houses that are literally made out of other people’s rubbish. They rig up some old corrugated iron, some plastic sheeting – and that’s home. The whole families live in just one or two rooms. There is no privacy. There is no indoor toilet either. The whole families often have to eat, work and sleep in the same room. Poverty and bad housing is a problem for the children.
Well I hope you enjoyed this Monday's showcase and don't forget to pop back on Friday for more inspiration from the Friday team! Also we love to see your La-La Land Crafts makes so just link them up to the Customer Gallery and be in with a chance to win a prize.
You are the mathematician of my sorrow. We adore the rigor, the rightness of the logic. We remember the chalk on our hands and the pounding heart at the blackboard. Do you remember the difficulty of solving unknown variables? For twenty years you were the unknown variable in the equation of my life. I never called you father. I never called anyone father. A boy can love what he never had. I listen.
The other design specifications include a strong focus on safety and a comfortable ride, full-length glazing, extra-wide doors and the latest safety features. And for those fun loving people, one of the cabins has a mobile bar and high-end multimedia system installed so that it can be used for private parties and company events.
1 gm epsom (1/8 tsp)
David Tennant – The Doctor
With its adeptness to anamnesis the earlier amateur afterwards aptitude too heavily on its acclaimed name, New Air-conditioned Mario Bros. is an capital new archetypal that lives up to the bequest of the alternation in actuality well. If you’re analytic for a aloft DS game, attending no further.
All I had to say has been said.
Und hier noch ein Foto von der Innenseite der Karte - hier kann man dann einen netten Gruß hinterlassen.
For the first ten chapters or so, this book declares the superiority of Christ, the Covenant He ratifies, and the age He ushers in, compared to all that has come before. The words “more” and “better” are sprinkled liberally throughout the discussion. Christ has a “more excellent name” than the angels. He’s a greater captain than Moses and a greater priest than Aaron. He has a “more excellent” ministry than earthly priests in that He’s the mediator of a better covenant established upon better promises. His sacrifice surpasses those offered under the law. His blood avails where that of animals could not. As we say in the south, Christ is “mo’ better”!
Magazines are already embracing the internet, though some are being braver with the platform than others.
That's right! Driving as well as shooting! With two guns! It might be a common thing these days but back in the late 80's/early 90's, only Chase HQ had the police chase, shooting and driving angle really nailed. Lucky & Wild allowed you and a buddy to be cops chasing down and shooting the shit out of everything on screen.
We just arrived to the hotel.. we were watching the view from our room.. It was just so perfect.. I needed to have you.. I looked into your eyes and knew what I wanted.. You wanted the same, so you answered with your hand running down to feel my bulge through my pants.
Christmas Eve eve rolls around, and I’m at a friend’s place closer to town, having a few drinks, knowing full well that the slaughter commences at 6:30am. Being Kenya, I assume 6:30 will be closer to 7:30. It’s generally a safe assumption to make. Rising at 5:30, for the 1 hour commute back to Ngong, and the walk to the childrens centre, I’m regretting my decision to drink and stay up last night. But I’m up, on the bus, then off the bus, and at the centre right at 7am, allowing myself 20 minutes to say good morning and prepare for the slaughter.
I'm working on being able to hear about myself...make sense? I don't do it well...but I'm getting better!
DJ Vicky Chan (Los Angeles)
He runs off whining about how everyone likes the charismatic, courageous, visionary leader Gai more than him, and then he bumps into Ayase and has a tender moment of character development with her.
And i see this sexy thing, i think its time to walk my way over
November 13, 1789 -
Back to regular life. (That’s not so bad either!) :)
I do not have the intention to make of my blog a sponsored blog, a blog that is not really mine! I do prefer being free to post about or to mention people who are, in my opininon, worth talking about.
Sun Up Brewing Nut Before Christmas Nut Brown Ale
Next came the industrial revolution, when manufacturing machinery enabled the production of goods of higher quality and in greater quantity than those produced by the manual labour of skilled artisans. Excess production might have caused even greater local redundancy than it did, were it not for the potential for machine-made goods to be exported, thus exporting unemployment from the place of manufacture to the destination of imports. Automation has also reduced the vast numbers formerly needed in order to run a railway, deliver messages or man an army. Now, in the twenty-first century, much of the West lives in a post-industrial society which makes very little but instead provides an almost endless round of professional and other services.
Billy preston & Ray Charles - Agent double o-soul
Oh, one last thing…
to the heart of the music,
This has easily become one of my favorite books, and as soon as I’d finished it, I wanted to start all over again.
The reason for this, as I pointed out in the aformentioned conversation, is that it is phenomenally difficult to portray alien species as anything other than slightly more specialized versions of human beings. This is because we have no other analog for intelligence or sentient beings and, even worse, have no way to think or conceive of things that are alien to our own way of understanding. Much as we might like to claim to ‘understand’ a dolphin, we do not and cannot. It’s thought process, no matter how advanced, is fundamentally alien to our own. Therefore, in order to get our head wrapped around it, we start with a human intelligence, remove some parts, add some other parts, and we get our dwarf or elf or Ferengi or whatever. Of course, such beings aren’t really alien in the same way that a 2010 Corolla isn’t a wholly alien object to a 2008 Corolla–same basic framework, but with a variety of cosmetic and minor functional differences. Even if we try really hard, the best we wind up with is a comparison between a Corolla and a Ford Mustang. If we really want to talk aliens, we’d need to find a way to compare the Corolla (us) with a blimp (them). Good luck.
whose attentions you’ll quickly spurn.
"On Feb. 19, 1942, then-Gov. Carr was fuming. He yelled at his staff even though they were not the object of his scorn, but since he did not have direct access to the White House and President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, they'd have to do. Clutching Executive Order 9066 in his hand, he paced and shouted, "What kind of a man would put this out?"
Oh My God! I just attested to my ARC SW. I knew it was going to be pretty damn easy being trained and having done quite a bit of auditing on SW and all the Grades, NED and Grad V actions. After my floating TA earlier today, however, I really felt done after only a handful of sessions over the last few days. My needle has been floating over that entire time. I blew masses I never expected to handle at this level of the Bridge and I know I’m on my way to Clear and beyond and definitely won’t be getting worse.
by Rachel Perlow
May God bless you guys and grow your hearts together!
I was very fortunate, a long time ago, to read a preliminary draft of Born of Blood. Honestly, I wasn't sure I'd like it ... dark fantasy novels don't entice me. But, because I admire Brian, I tried to approach it with an open mind. And wow ... from the first chapter to the last word, I was hooked. To say it was a "page turner" would be an understatement! I haven't yet read the final version of this novel but I can only imagine that it is even better than the original draft. If you're unfamiliar with the storyline ... here's the description from Amazon:
For many children as soon as they are able to walk and talk, there is an emphasis begin to remove what is considered babyish entertainment.
Each week she gives us a subject to discuss and go around and visit with our new friends (and old friends too!)
If you have some good quotes, or how-to’s, or a special ad for your book, then go ahead and tweet. But, not many people (certainly not me) are going to buy your book just because they now know that you change your child’s diaper three times a day.
Thankfully, once I put my time into these projects (especially 1 and 5), the percentages will change.
To your health!
JB Burgers - 627 South Myrtle Ave., Monrovia CA. Quick and casual burger joint. I drove by it 20 before I realized I might find an old school crispy beef taco there. And I did. And it was good. Their breakfasts look particularly tasty and CHEAP.
Fishy glares at me, "You have to be joking?"
Michael Morrissey / Between Two Pacific Islands / 49
Because we shared so many things
Bouwer recently started downscaling on his producing side, channelling his focus to his solo career and the non-profit charity organization- and campaign, – Liefde wen.
22C Founders KBS Kentucky Breakfast Stout 2010 11.2%
Horchata
UPDATE - Oh, Jesus, this is just so fucking depressing. How can people understand liberty when it comes to people inclined to bump uglies with someone of the same gender but be unable to grasp the concept when it comes to everyone deciding what food to insert in the other end of their bodies?
The pistachios not only visually enhance the lovely tart, it adds a nice nutty crunch to sweet and tarty taste. The combination is heavenly!
What I’d really want to say is I wish I were as passionate about writing as Alyza is about her writing and her painting. She is a medical student, but she finds time to write and draw. She was published in magazines and in Heights. I was really passionate when I was a kid, but I lost it in college. I blame accounting. A subject such as that can really suck the life out of anybody. I think I am regaining my passion these days. I am really proud that I started this blog. In the past, I wouldn’t have been brave enough to let other people read what I have written. I have only been brave enough to publish one essay in the Philippine Daily Inquirer and some articles in The Guidon. I should send my stuff out more. My problem is finishing my pieces. I have so many writing ideas lined up; it’s crazy. Sometimes I work on this project, then abandon it, then work on another project, then start a new one.
co-founders: Vera Sanon or Mary Ann Prehn. The past few weeks have been gratifying given the response of so many ‘ordinary women’ around the world.
Today I’m beginning a new study with the Monday ladies on the Gospel of John…and I am praying prayers of expectation. How about you? Are you in need of throwing off the “just another Monday” attitudes about Monday? If so, may he overwhelm you with awe and wonder in his presence today.
Don't forget to tell me how your weekend went~ I Hope your week is blessed! Love to you all ♥
2. Will advances go the way of the dinosaurs? If so, what will become the main factor for choosing one “publisher” over another?
After walking through this, I think that the factual questions need to be resolved before approaching the normative issues on whether or not this is constitutional or good speech. I would add that I do not think it is prudent or productive speech though.
Perhaps we need to take a closer look at the ideology behind the political Left in Norway to get a clearer picture of the situation.
688 ***D-III/3/1975. “The Artist as Thinker.” Arts Week Keynote Address, University High School, The Laboratory Schools, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-3, above, pp. 1-14, 355-71 (1983).)
This stuff really works...and I didn't get paid to say that.
the words,
This past weekend we all drove to Albuquerque to attend the Time Out for Women Conference. We had such a great time and built many fun memories. Our mom joined us along with our sister-in-law, Karlee. She is so beautiful and so fun! We missed hanging out with our other sister-in-law, Larissa, but she is getting ready to have a baby.
Just as I was gathering up the final materials for this post, I received an e-mail inviting me to read an article about Buzz Aldrin’s long struggle with depression after being one of the first two men to walk on surface of the moon. Talk about irony! The e-mail was from MyDepressionConnection and the article is called Forty Years Back from the Moon. I found it to be … fascinating.
10th no-hitter in Angels history.
I'm thinking about just tying a white flag around the antenna on my car.
Leads to inefficient solutions
Ashfield, MA ♦ This summer the Ashfield Community Preschool is emphasizing the community by inviting guests and professionals to come to the school share their crafts with children ages 2.9-6yo, and by taking the children out into the community to visit local artists too. The program will run from July 2- August 10 2012. Enrollment is flexible. Join for one week or all six. The cost is $22.00 per half day and $42.00 for a full day. In addition to our community-based enrichment activities, the school will also offer lots of water play and outdoor free play on their beautiful grounds located in the heart of the Hilltowns at 103 Baptist Corner Road in Ashfield, MA. Hours of operation are 7:45am-5:30pm. Please call 413-628-3248 for more information.
BTW, have you checked out the tutorials I am trying in August? I have them listed in my sidebar. Well, I have done almost all of them, but a few will be left over for September. I am most excited about the Retro Button Necklace by Yellow Blackbird which I am going to be doing next Thursday with my friend Flannery from Three Sisterz.
So now we have a file that represents our migration, but this won’t necessarily be recognized automatically. You’ll notice that when running that command, we appended the -add option. This will automatically add a line to the end of the master changelog.groovy that will include the newly generated change. If a migration is created without that option, just manually add a line like the following to the end of grails-app/migrations/changelog.groovy:
I'm pretty sure the people who love me get tired of me saying "So, I saw this idea on Pinterest."
Author’s opinion/comments: This is my first official try with round signatures and I really like the results plus the sig screams moe~ so yeah :3
Puck Connolly is different. She never meant to ride in the Scorpio Races. But fate hasn’t given her much of a chance. So she enters the competition — the first girl ever to do so. She is in no way prepared
How are WC premiums calculated? Each occupation is generally assigned a risk classification, determined by two historical factors: the frequency of on-the-job injuries within a particular occupation and the average severity of injuries suffered. Severity is measured by the medical costs (to return a worker back to the workplace) and any payments made directly to the injured employee (in connection with benefits provided through the workers’ compensation system).
Thanks for stopping by and do leave me a comment to say hi or to direct me to your blog if you're a new visitor. I'm really excited about Blog Week and I look forward to meeting all the other talented knitters and crocheters out there over the course of week!
Today was one of the last days one could go out and see the roses.
One time, at band camp, I went to take a drink of my soda, and there was an ant on it, and it got in my mouth, and it tasted really, really, nasty. That's what ants do. They have this substance, called formic acid, that they produce, just so they taste blechh. I do not believe that covering them in chocolate would help.
Southwestern Art Magazine has called Tony Peters the “BEST IN THE WEST”. Tony Peters is an urban realist painter working in oils. He contemporizes the tradition of the American “Ashcan” artists such as Edward Hopper, George Bellows and Robert Henri: capturing the psychology of living in urban California. Tony has a love of Californian nostalgia, which comes through in his paintings like “Night Pantry” and “Palms on Wilshire” which are featured in the show. While attending Art Center College, Tony worked in the Mendenhall Gallery where he
I served this dessert to my dinner guests, after we enjoyed a hearty dinner. It was perfect.
Paper: DCWV white core brights paper stack, DCWV Christmas & Winter Stack.
Got to thinking while reading some facts on the World Card Making Day site. What other 'craft' things do you like making? I admit cards are my passion, making and then giving them to people makes me feel all glittery inside :)
Wednesdays - Wordless Wednesday - a chance for me to just share pics I love
Christmas and birthdays were the only days that I received gifts from my mom, and she always had a budget. We would go to Toy Kingdom, and she’d say “I can only buy you a gift worth (insert amount of money here, ranges from P300-P500).”
This comes on top of ongoing aid programmes, including giving RM500 to families earning less than RM3,000 and RM100 to schoolchildren all of which seems to indicate that the polls could be just around the corner.
H - You’re right. I can’t rest my case...because…I have to pack my case for Portugal, as I Ieave tomorrow!
Cosmos
Remember this table?
About dinner...How are your tomatoes doing? Mine are so-so and admittedly the Early Girls and Better Boys are outperforming my heirlooms about 10-1. But the farmers' market was bursting with incredible variety, and we've been eating them up until our mouths blister.
There are several other problems with the supposed story of Jesus’ life. Almost nothing is mentioned of him after his birth but before he began teaching, other than the story of with the elders in the temple. The gospels only record the last year of his life. Why does a book about the life of Jesus mention hardly anything about his life? It is a poor biography that does not mention 95% of a person’s life.
No, not really. Out of the last 4 1/2 years, I have been either pregnant or breastfeeding for 4 of those. And the other months, Dave was deployed so I had Alyssa to take care of all by myself. I will have like half a drink while breastfeeding after Cassidy goes to bed, but I’ve only done that a couple times.
Then biffed the dismount.
Colin Spence, Suffolk County Council’s portfolio holder for public protection said: “Sadly, in the next few months, it is very likely that Olympic related scams will be on the increase. With this in mind, it is vital that people remain extra vigilant around this time.
4. Boofo Goes Where Santa Goes - Linn Sheldon (Barnaby)
Meet Christina this Saturday at the Spring Bash--she's more than just awesome plushes. Check out her jewelry and clothing designs, too. (Sadly, she won't be my booth neighbor this year, but I can guarantee all those around her will be smiling!)
The 12 pieces from Interior Angles represents a different direction for me. They are all created on 12" x 12" wood cradled panels and are abstract acrylics. No mixed media to be found, although by clicking on and enlarging these images, you might be able to get an idea of the layers and texture that make up these pieces.
3. xxxx
And that's why, on that Aerials CD, the simple ads that Mother produced for Coke stood out. It was actually refreshing (ahem) to hear them, among the mess of people yabbering at me from the speaker.
10Remove thy stroke away from me: I am consumed by the blow of thine hand.
So today at lunch I decided it was time to get them back on board the mommy train! I served them yogurt with frozen blueberries mixed in. This is a favorite lunch of theirs and we hadn't had it in a while. I re-introduced it last week and we've had it every day since. Usually they have a sandwich with it and some fruit but today they had been at my mom's and I knew they had snacked there, so I just gave them the yogurt.
I know...I know...I'm always a little late to the show.
around me,
Location: Autodromo Internazionale del Mugello, Italy 5.245km
But… when we get there, we only get another dose of poison…and so we get sicker and sicker…… weaker and weaker…
Hopefully through this process they will also consider some of the reasons we face the environmental challenges and may become more conscious of some of the limitations of our current economic, political and social systems.
"Attachment to the person of the monarch. Attachment to a bloodline or other sequence of succession. Attachment to the royal state. Attachment to a code legitimizing the governing state. Attachment to the law only. Attachment to a greater or lesser board of electors, as framers of the law. Attachment to an abstraction conceived as including the body of electors, other bodies giving rise to them, and numerous other elements, largely ideal."
Hmm… that’s different than how I usually talk. Maybe we could say that I was caricaturing myself a little when speaking as him. That could be my ideal world after all.
The panelists will include culinary historians Andrew Coe and Annie Hauck-Lawson and co-founder of the Brooklyn Flea Jonathan Butler (who is also publisher of the popular Brownstoner web site, which posts many wonderful articles on Brooklyn's architectural history).
I currently feel like I am about to do a sky dive (which is particularly scary because I have a terrible fear of heights, so yes, this analogy is rather fitting. I have done the preparation, I have all the appropriate gear, I am standing on the edge of the plane and now I have to jump. Part of me wants to get back in that plane where it is warm, safe and familiar but I know I need to jump otherwise all that preparation will be wasted.
In Pennsylvania, you aren't allowed to shop around because the Liquor Control Board is a monopoly. If you find a store in New Jersey with a bad price, you can go to another store. Or to Maryland, Delaware, wherever. Not every little private store may be exemplary, but there can be little doubt that, taken together, private stores win on service, selection, and price.
A recent issue of U.S News & World Report devoted an entire issue to my generation and those closely gaining on it. It concluded that many either do not want to retire, nor can afford to. I have a cousin, also in his 70s, who’s in his Wall Street office every day. According to the magazine, both of us have a good chance of making it to age 100!
So I've taken up walking and Zumba. I feel much better and spring is just around the corner.
Wan Batu and wife, Siti Aishah
1. Are you turning into a man ? You are growing a moustache.
Most in Akron heard these healing verses. Many may even have studied them from devotionals such as Nora Smith Holm, The Runner’s Bible. NY: Houghton Mifflin Company, 1915, pp. 107-119. See also Dick B. The Golden Text of A.A.: God, The Pioneers, and Real Spirituality, pp. 22-26). As to much of which, Bill Wilson had also commented:
What are your all-time favourites?
Education Minister Heng Swee Kiat has earlier said it is important not to let “one or two incidents” tarnish the image of the teaching profession, because there are many good teachers around.
Just as important as animation in this series is the soundtrack. One of the more disappointing series background music for me this season was ‘Sakamichi no Apollon‘. To put it simply, whilst that show had some awesome Jazz songs in it and awesome moments of music application, it was disappointing to be faced with constant background silence during those other slower paced moments. It grated on my nerves that a series that had a focus on music was so temperamental with their on and off moments of brilliance.
Those of you who have been a victim of crime can attest to that cold fear, that fear you can only know once you have been through it and if you're lucky survived.
~ I pulled out all of our fractions shelf work and laid it out on a blanket last week for youngest dd. I meant to take a picture to post before she cleaned up but she was too quick! She and I had fun playing Hamburger Station and then she found the circle contraption where you slide the dial around and it gives you equivalents for fractions and percentages.... I need to post a better description and link for this, eh?
A similar figure will certainly apply to Europe, where mass immigration is also forcing down wages. Consequently, most men can no longer support their families single handedly. As a direct result most woman now work, and most working woman put off having children and have less children than previous generations. I repeat, it is a lie to say women now have the “choice” to work, they have no choice, they have no option but to work. That is not liberation.
Gregory: what about Herman Cain’s harassment
—Jack and the Beanstalk, retold and illustrated by John Howe—Jack ascends to the sky realm on a magical legume and steals from a hungry giant three times without getting eaten. There are a lot of other versions, including one by Steven Kellogg, but the art in this one appeals to me.
I decided my blog needed a new look. Something a bit simpler.
- It’s inspiring not only in melody and tune, but the lyrics are incredibly different and thoughtful
My husband called her over to where he was sitting on the couch and settled her on his lap.
“I want to tell you how happy I am at the occasion of my renewal of my visits to my Jamat,” said Mawlana Hazar Imam during his dinner remarks. “I have had such a wonderful time in East Africa, in Tanzania, in Uganda and here in Kenya. And when I look at you and I remember all the work that you have done with me over the years, I have expressed my deepest gratitude and my deepest admiration.”
For anyone left reading, here’s the “can we all just get along” part. My TV (Samsung) is brand-new and the specs indicate HDCP compliance. Direct TV claims their HD STB correctly implements HDMI/HDCP and it’s not their problem if Samsung doesn’t correctly respond to the HDCP handshake. The Direct TV support rep doesn’t know what HDMI is. The Direct TV technical escalation engineer claims HBO “just” implemented this a few weeks ago. HBO reportedly implemented this several years ago. HBO provides no way of contacting them other than carrier pigeon or via email that thier web site states “due to volume of mail received we can’t respond to all inquires”.
I'm worried. A lot. Especially since its attached to a major vein in the heart. It's so scary. I love my dad so much and the fact he's going through this tears me up. The fact he can die with this surgery (as anyone can in any surgery but this is pretty risky) makes me sick to my stomach. I'm scared but I'm praying. I know God has a plan for all of us and I just want...no...need more time with him and I'm praying God allows that.
Neville Grant - Sick And Tired
Unique….
Dear Governor Paterson,
I really enjoyed this years Odd Notion beer. I believe that they brew it differently every year, which is a pretty cool idea to retire a beer every year. Last year if I remember correctly it was a darker (wheat?) beer, with some cinnamon. This year it is a lot lighter in color and is brewed with some honey flavor. It was a very light beer with a hint of orange and spice, very drinkable.
Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease a 9x5-inch loaf pan. In a large mixing bowl, combine flour, baking soda, salt, brown sugar, and granulated sugar. Stir until well blended. Set aside.
West Coast IPA - Green Flash Brewing
So! Here are some pictures of him wearing it that yall can look at and give me your thoughts about it. Too small? Okay for now? Just see how he does with it? Gracias! (they should get bigger if you click)
pastel dawning
black and white paint (we used acrylic craft paint)
CHICKEN KIEV – 34.00
You can’t handle the voices!
R - What, print production?
It had never really occurred to me that the meanings of the word as an adjective (con-TENT) and as a noun (CON-tent) are actually related. When I did a little research this morning, I discovered that they in fact have the exact same source - the Latin contentus, meaning "contained."
but they wouldn’t want him so resigned,
Which brings us to facilitation:
John now said that it was interesting that we hadn't really mentioned Beloved up to now, although she was in many ways the focus of the novel. This wasn't really picked up for further discussion, though I think in retrospect she's a kind of medium, in the terms of the novel, for the conveyance of the past into the present of the novel. There was some discussion as to whether she was a real ghost or not - she finally materialises as the eighteen-year-old woman she would have been had she lived; and twice there is reference to the rumour of a young woman, kept as a sex slave, having escaped from a shed nearby - but our conclusion was that we were not meant to read the novel in these either/or realist terms, but to inhabit the mentality of the characters and their attitudes to an ambiguous spirit world. Some people, Ann in particular, wondered how differently Americans, to whom this history of slavery belonged, might read the novel. Ann said that in the podcast Morrison states that she made the decision to address her novel to black people (unlike the white abolitionist Harriet Beecher-Stowe, for instance, whose Uncle Tom's Cabin had been addressed to white readers) - although it seems to me that her technique of retrospective revelation is employed on ignorant white readers most usefully of all.
It seems like everything is hard right now…taking care of the boys effectively, taking care of the house…taking care of everything at work, waking up in the morning…thinking in a quasi-coherent manner, eating the right foods…making tea or drinking my coffee before it goes cold…everything.
“Hi,” I said, “nice moves.”
Still.... £500,000+?
The page allows readers to post ads free using the “post” button on the top menu.
You'll see if you visit their site and read the followups they did that it is not an act of technically proficient and disgusting vandalism as my tipster and others first thought.
twinkling lights were weaved into braid
As a result of this construction, the judge held that Umbro had knowingly permitted Dick's to market certain goods falling within Hudson's exclusive licence for off-field wear, those goods containing features which marked them as not being specifically intended for use on the field of play; they were really fashion items and hence off-field wear.
Weekends, to me, are about embracing creature comforts – waking up to the warmth of my quilts and putting on my fluffy slippers. It means not having to wake up to an annoying alarm clock that seems to never ‘snooze’, and not having to get dressed in cold pressed shirts! Weekends for me are about lazing around the house wearing my pajamas and reading the paper over a warm cup of hot chocolate.
Eventually I got my act together, and sitting outside in the bright July sunshine, I drew around the template over and over again on to the cover of the Radio Times (other publications will work just as well). I then carefully cut these out.
mix 1 TB of each herb leaf
BOSTON, Mass. (WWLP) – Governor Deval Patrick hosted a ceremonial signing Thursday of a civil rights bill that extends protection from discrimination to people based on their gender identity or gender expression.
A little perspective here: an art-historian friend in Philadelphia e-mailed me some years ago that an artist from that city, armed with some grant money, was coming to Berlin to make some art, and game me his e-mail address so he'd know someone when he got here. He was looking for studio space at the same time some businessmen I knew were looking for office space. When the artist, who'd read so much about Tacheles, insisted on going there to inquire about a studio, he reported that they were incredibly hostile to him because he was American and because he had a grant. They also quoted him a price per square meter that was just under half what the businessmen had been quoted for space in one of the less expensive skyscrapers in Potsdamer Platz. Given that the Tacheles crew was paying a euro a year to Berlin for the property, someone was doing very well.
Have you ever thought of what reckless abandonment towards the Lord looks like? I recently heard a great teaching on it. The subject really hit home to me and I think abandonment is a lesson we all need to learn.
What I finally learned was that there is not one simple Paleo Blueprint or Bible to follow. Instead, it’s all about understanding and following the principles of the Paleo Diet as closely as possible and tailoring it to fit your lifestyle. One thing that stuck with me, which I heard in an interview was “Don’t get caught up in the minutiae.” This set me at ease because all I need to remember is that sometimes a situation will be out of my total control and all I can do is make the BEST decision possible in the moment. Since hearing that, my stress about what exactly is on/off-limits for me has decreased tremendously. I make most of my meals for the week, so I’m able to use the ingredients of my choosing. But when I dine out, I no longer freak out if my steak tips were cooked in an oil that is not Paleo friendly.
One of the largest earthquakes in recent Japanese history has shaken the country in the north eastern regions. I live in the center of Japan and am currently staying at my mom's place in the south western part of Japan.
I colored this sweet image with Copic Markers and then I cut it and stick it on the pattened.
Gold-plated spacer bead, charm and toggle clasp by Tierra Cast thorough John Bead Corporation-Canada. Stones strung onto 19 Strands Beadalon gold color stringing wire.
1 table tennis table, 4 table tennis bats and 1 table tennis net. For morale.
I had my endoscopy today. I chose not to be sedated for it and that may have been a mistake because it turns out my gag reflux is strong. Especially when a nurse is holding your head hard against an exam table while the doc fishes for images in yoru stomach. I puked up slime...three times. And since the nurse was holding my head down, had to lay in it until the doc was done. Good times.
Well, let's say it was an adventure.
Advanced Dungeons and Dragons
G'Day,
1/2 cup cappuccino chips (I used Guittard)
I'd get it one piece at a time
I've been having a lot of fun with my clothes since I started doing this blog. Before I started blogging, I would have never, and I mean never in a million years, picked up that skirt, especially if my daughter was so dead set against it. I take more risks with what I wear, and I don't worry as much about how I am perceived. (I'm still a neurotic basket case — I wouldn't be me if I wasn't worrying about something ... I had a 5th-grade teacher who told me I was going to get an ulcer because I worried so much — so it's got to be in my genes).
Dustin Diamond?
(Because for one, I am The Suck at having verbal arguments on the spot; and for two, once I hear “Oh you pointing out how whites are racist is being racist in itself”, I can tell exactly how this dialogue will end)
*Spirits
I also got two mini spring roll things, a different sort of mac salad, the pink pinkled veggie thing, and this interesting round and soft kamaboko/dumpling thing. Interesting.
But literally, maybe he was right.
This summer I had no time for riding with the weather, and my job but I continued to always have time to pet and love on my horses, even if only for a few minutes. Coni always loved having her butt scratched and would make her way up to me to beg for some scratches with her soft nickers. I only had to call her from the living room window, and she would nicker back begging me to come out and give her some scratches or a treat... it was always so nice to come out of the house and know Coni would be there to call for me if she heard or saw me coming.
I do not disbelieve them.
Today was a good day, food-wise. I had my usual egg mcmuffin for breakfast (this is so quick and easy to make and keeps me full all morning). I had some watermelon for a mid-morning snack. And for lunch: a super-delicious salad from Qdoba:
I’ve already told you how much I adore Christian Bale and I think he’s a perfect Batman but after watching the trailers for “The Dark Knight Rises” – cannot wait for July to come! – I have the feeling that he’ll be eclipsed by Tom Hardy on the movie just as he was eclipsed by Cillian Murphy and Heath Ledger on “Batman Begins” and “The Dark Knight”, respectively. I love it when great actors are cast for great characters – that’s how it should always be – and Christopher Nolan has been doing a wonderful job in his movies, with just a few exceptions (Carrie Ann Moss, Al Pacino), but I feel sorry for Bale, poor thing. :)
Nesbet clearly sets things up for a second book—something to look forward to. In the meantime, you can bask in her Paris, which manages to be moody and evocative, tinged with the dark longings represented by the Cabinet of Earths.
It reminded me of a few things.
A range of crafts kits for boys and girls from The Little Experience are available at alexandalexa and the site offers free worldwide shipping and returns on all orders. UK customers that order before the 21st of December and select express shipping, can still receive orders before christmas and all orders come in beautiful packaging free of charge.
What is a zine?
I'm joining Marty and the gang for her first night as hostess of the "Tabletop Tuesday" party that she has agreed to takeover from/for Barb as she (Barb) is busy with her work - isn't it horrible that some of us have jobs that just get in the way of our blogging fun? Where is the fairness in that I ask ya?
-“For Allah sake stop it! I don’t want anyone fix things up for me anymore. I’m tired of that.”
No purchase is necessary to enter this holiday recipe contest. Participants must use their imagination to convert favorite holiday recipes into something special by including foodie products in their recipes for the opportunity to win those same foodie products.
2 Primark - Totally cheap and cheerful and you can actually find some good stuff in there. If you look hard enough.
The shrill, demented choirs of wailing shells;
For example, you may be looking for coverage for a commercial roofer inMichiganwith a high loss ratio. It is likely a wholesaler or MGA would simply list “commercial roofer” as a product or eligible class on one part of the site. They may address state eligibility and loss history elsewhere on the site or on the apps. As such using just the words “commercial roofer” would yield more results than the words “commercial inMichiganwith losses” strung together.
6: "When Robert von Mohl said that the test of whether an emergency exists cannot be a juristic one, he assumed that a decision in the legal sense must be derived entirely from the content of a norm. But this is the question. In the general sense in which Mohl articulated his argument, his notion is only an expression of constitutional liberalism and fails to apprehend the independent meaning of the decision"
I'm supposed to go to church on Christmas because that will make me a good Catholic or something. You want to know the best cure for Catholicism? Catholic school. The more you learn about that shit, the less it makes sense and the more hypocritical it seems. One fucking day a year celebrating the time when the date of Christmas was moved to coincide with a pagan holiday celebrating the winter solstice will
“People do unreasonable things all the time—and by that I mean things for no good reason at all—and when they start to look for reasons why they did what they did in the first place, they find there aren’t any. That doesn’t mean that answers won’t ever exist for what they did, however, the answer comes at the end of the sum not before it. How would you feel Mr Murphy, Mr Milligan, if your schoolteacher had asked you one day what equalled four?”
swish swish backwards and forwards and the sinking of the heart
Nose jets breath
“I wish for Greta.” Jacks eyes dazzled in heroics and flashy a flashy wink as the big bad wolf creased the course of his mouth.
I picked up the ASUS Transformer (not the prim), and it is running Android 4.03 ICS. I love this thing!!! I also got the keyboard dock for it to make it a full Transformer. So lots of my free time have been spent playing with it. Next is getting close to Spring, and the Wife and I have decided to get some work done on the house. By Get I mean I will be doing the work.
Today I visited Hobby Lobby where Easter goodies are 80% off. The only thing I paid full price for was for a brownie baking pan. Bought Wilton's Gold pan. I enjoyed the hunt for bargains and left feeling satisfied that I bought large plastic eggs in pastel colors for little of nuthin'!
To put a penny in;
And when you touch down
SMOKEY BEAR
But what about that name?
Remember, no one was born a published writer. Every writer had to learn to spell and where to put punctuation marks and all the rest of it. As far as I know all published writers have at some time had work rejected - if JK Rowling had given up after her 14th reject we'd never have heard of Harry Potter.
In cases of bees or a bolt from the blue,
And all folk seeing him bow down,
It's the time of year for graduations and for celebrations. Friends, we've graduated! Yesterday was our last ultrasound with Dr G and the end of our time with the fertility specialist for this pregnancy. We've been "promoted" to the regular OB, which is a big milestone for us to reach. I'll be scheduling my first visit with my same OB from last time, Dr R, in the next couple of weeks. It feels wonderful to have made it to this point. I'll be 11 weeks on Sunday and the second trimester is just around the corner. Praise God!
It was cold again today so back to winter woollie tights.
Seriously people, seriously! How does this even happen?! Wait, I don’t need an answer for that one. I just want to say one thing…
-Last group picture at Jardin Luxembourg before Alexa met up with her mom
Mohale's brother, Richard Taukobong, 48, called out to Roux "You fucking dog!" as he was led to the dock.
So you take a little something to make them go away
Genevieve Bujold (The House of Yes)
Runner Up : 21st Amendment. - Love these guys, and their beer!
carry on to Hampton Court Palace which is conveniently around the corner
Sometimes I'm going to have to lose,
“There is a Jena in every state,” the Reverend Jesse Jackson told the assembled protestors. Yet most Jena blacks and whites resented their town being portrayed as a cauldron of bigotry. While race relations there were not unblemished, they had improved significantly over time. “You have good people here and bad people here, on both sides,” said one black resident. “This thing has been blown out of proportion.” The “Jena 6” march, unlike those of the 60s, had no coattails, nor did the protest result in backlash.
Personal Rating: 4/5 (very good)
Without further gilding of the lily I'll turn it over to the man himself...
If you want to be happy for eight days — Kill your Pig and Eat it.
I finally got a space, its very very very, I mean very shabby and hole in the wall kind of place but with some characters.
And I’m glad to say that WordPress has gotten much more sophisticated and manageable that I’m back here again.
In the meantime, while I enjoy the last few weeks of celery root, do you have any favorite recipes or ideas of what to do with this ugly duckling of a root vegetable?!
-Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Finding Nemo
You can check out the event schedule here:
She tells him she’s too shocked to meet her and returns to her room where she wonders what the heck Se Na is doing.
With the need to save green and be green, grocery shopping can be a complicated endeavor these days. Consider these two ingenious new items to help keep grocery shoppers organized, efficient and eco-friendly…
I colored my hummingbird with copies B21, B24, B26 and B26. I cut the bird and sentiment (also front the set) out with spellbinders dies.
During my years with Traci, I saw her have probably about a dozen convulsive seizures, and the after-effects of at least another dozen or so. Witnessing a seizure can be scary, but the most important thing you can do is help the person by trying to make sure they don’t hurt themselves, and by just being there for them. They may be confused as they come out of the seizure; just talk with them in a calm, reassuring manner.
Layouts - I will post pictures of my finished layout and album pages here
As talons and beak taste blood in the fight.
the poet
difference!
I really liked this story.
I said that the first episode did a good job of slowly acclimating you back into the series, but there were also some some new huge plot points added as well. As far as Geoffery goes, he is still a colossal prick, but we see this pushed even further when him and his mother have all of the late king’s bastard children put to death, even the newborn baby. This purging of his kin also starts building a climax with the ox helm bastard child and the Stark’s daughter who are on the run from the King’s Landing. In regards to the war, we see the late king’s younger siblings start to enter this “game” for the throne and how the Northern Army is reacting to these new adversaries. We also are shown a short segment progressing the Night Watch story-line with John Snow (I hope he kills the guy who bangs all his daughters but maybe that’s just me.)
When it comes to writing, I’m a purist. I don’t do “musings,” or “ramblings.” Poetry’s not my bag, and I won’t be sharing recipes with you any time soon. There’s a place in the blogging world for all those things, I suppose. It’s just not particular cup of tea.
On Apr 27, 2012, at 10:10 PM, sponsor1 wrote:
In case you haven't guessed, I'm especially excited about this book, because Marney chose to include two of my digital collages in her book. (Did you notice my header up above?) Wow! I would like to include them here, but that would spoil the excitement of you seeing them in the book.
If you mix a fairy, a goddess, magic, and a story, what do you get? A book written about those subjects called The Goddess of Time.
Yeah. Harry didn't know what to do either.
Like Gillespie, I am appalled by true bullying and in favor of a society that does not tolerate it. All right, what is "true bullying" as opposed to some other kind of (false?) bullying? She explains a bit further:
Ticket in hand, we were on our way again, monitoring the speedometer a bit closer all the way back to the city.
I would still love to learn how to fight, and will probably take up Tae-Kwon-Do again eventually, or maybe kickboxing. Rather than have the power to hurt, I want more to have the power to protect.
I have no new job.
I found him quite later than the others from a friend of mine who is a very big fan. I really like his deep and husky voice. As for the musical style, maybe he is not really my type. However, this song was my favorite among all of his song. I found that he has quite a similar tone with Lee Juck, which a little bit confusing somehow.
Although I tend to think of Ns as leaders, I can’t imagine an effective N leader without the exquisite attention to detail that a sensor can provide. I’ll go so far as to say that behind every good N leader is a great S lieutenant leader, or a team of S folks keeping the project on the ground and holding elements accountable. Those who work at CY SJ/SV with me can attest to this if I give examples: Our executive director is 100% N; her deputy director is 100% S. Our impact director is a goal-oriented N; his human resources director is a team-oriented S. It couldn’t be so successful without the balance of both mind-sets.
Maybe these blogathons just come at a bad time for me. My blog contribution to it last year came at the veeeeeery last minute, and this year, the week of For the Love of Film (Noir) has found me focusing more on scrambling to nail down reasonably priced housing and flights for South by Southwest next month. Believe it or not, yes, this has taken up much of my time this past week...though thankfully, I think I finally have secured both. But I've already missed one blogathon deadline this week because of all the attendant stress (it looks I won't be participating in this year's White Elephant blog-a-thon—a shame because I thoroughly enjoyed writing about the against-all-odds fascinating masterpiece of trash that was Michael Winner's 1984 film Scream for Help), and it looks like, while I won't technically be missing out on For the Love of Film (Noir), once again I'm holding my own contribution down to the wire. (For what it's worth, I've already made my donation...which you can do here.)
An injunction was filed to stop "progress"
Apologetics does not however undermine the value of Faith in salvation.Many people who oppose Apologetics may say things like “the Word of God does not need to be defended!” But which of the world’s books are the word of God? As soon as someone answers that, he or she is doing apologetics.
The pressure coming from our own people puts us in a spot. It questions our very being. Like AB’s sister was pitied by people before she got married as she was in her thirties and was ‘still’ unmarried. It did not matter that she was an extremely successful person, at a managerial level, earning very well, making sane investments, supporting her parents or blessed with artistic talents. She was ‘a poor thing’ just because she did not find a man good enough for her yet. Her mother would shed silent tears for her daughter’s life being unfruitful(!) thus. Why do our achievements boil down to nothing if we do not have that partner, even if they are a misfit, by our side?
If you’re sitting next to someone on a plane who irritates you, try doing this:
found this organic cotton stripey onesie by naturebaby while browsing crewkids.com. found it cheaper at naturebaby.com. so perfectly simple and cute. i am in love.
This was one crazy issue and I loved it. In the last several issues of Jonah Hex, Michael Fleisher had introducing complex overlapping storylines along with fleshing out secondary characters. He continues with the same formula here in Hex. We get Brolin, who we have seen several times before but was never named, who now has a personal reason to kill Hex; Stiletta has a vendetta of her own; the Conglomerate discloses the reason it is opposing Borsten's work; and we get a huge dose of action at the end of the issue. All in all, one of the better stories containing Jonah Hex.
Steve’s drive is especially noteworthy. Some of us think we work hard. Steve did. In the early days of Apple he and other employees of the company would work days on end. They did the same upon his return to Apple. He was dedicated to excellence, and no amount of energy or effort would be deprived the product or project he was working on. His example motivates me to rethink levels of dedication I expend on projects I am working on.
Hi, I am a white Male in southern California and I’m on a mission to save Joseph Kony. He is on a mission to help save these poor children despite economical failure in Uganda.
WITWER: We had to.
Tony Marlowe MP in Northampton told the Oxford University Conservative Association in 1981, “Hordes of exotic invaders have flooded the continent (Europe) wishing to help themselves to the luxuries of Western living. Nowhere has the pressure been greater than in the United Kingdom. No country has been less prepared to stem the flow than our own. In this land which proclaims free speech free discussion has been stifled by humbug and by the censorship of an establishment unwilling to contemplate the radical cures which alone can reverse the tide.” “What would be unacceptable and should not under any circumstances be tolerated is a policy of suppression and inaction for no policy can be more calculated to bring about the racial holocaust which we should all so earnestly strive to avoid.”
My view of the proposal was…different than you may imagine.
Hatlo was obviously practitioner of what animator John K. calls, in an appreciation of Hatlo's work, the "Man Style" of cartooning, and he was obviously inspired by comic artists like Tad Dorgan, Rube Goldberg, E.C. Segar, and Milt Gross, among others. As in Tad's work especially, the Battle Between the Sexes™ was a theme he returned to again and again:
My (not-so) little man had his 6th Birthday recently too! I've no idea where the time has gone!
I scored free tickets to see ZZ Top last Friday night at the Comerica Theatre (formerly the Dodge Theatre) in Phoenix.
… that white men in possession of large fortunes are overly represented on the bench. Yet, while it is easy to label the judiciary as “too white, too male, too posh”, constructive solutions to the situation have proved difficult to implement. The 2010 report on judicial diversity recognised that “there is no quick fix to moving towards a more diverse judiciary … Sustained progress on judicial diversity requires a fundamental shift in approach from a focus on selection processes towards a judicial career that addresses diversity at every stage.” It is hoped that the current inquiry being carried out by the Lords Constitution Committee into the appointments process contributes a step towards this shift in approach.
Join us on Sunday, November 20th for the latest edition of our monthly Brewmaster's Dinner. This time we're very excited to be showcasing beers exclusively from Grand Rapids, Michigan's Founders Brewing Company. Founders has a strong reputation as creating some of the most highly sought after beers in the country and were named the 2nd Best Brewery in the World by ratebeer.com in 2011. Here's whats on the menu:
I play the character of Cinnamon, a prostitute who frequents the police headquarters where Schmidt (Jonah Hill) and Jenko (Channing Tatum) are underachieving cops. Cinnamon genuinely likes these guys and wants them to do well.
Before we get onto today's challenge we have a few announcements to make regarding changes in our Design Team.
Functional buttons
Friday-20 minutes of playing kickball with my kiddos at school
My Mussels were so beautiful, as were the tomatoey base and my hunk of sourdough. Perfection. Only there was no chorizo. And no explanation of my missing chorizo. I was a little devastated, I'll be honest. Unfortunately, we felt that Ben's kofta were under seasoned, a bit bland. But they were still yummy. And my latte was really lovely.
The cookery demo took place at the front, obviously, but on the same level as the chairs, so anyone more than three rows back (and there were about 15 rows altogether) couldn't see anything except the top of the presenter's head. Because of the kids, we had trouble hearing anything either, and I imagine some of the older folks with less acute hearing wouldn't have heard much even without the kids. But I stayed, through the long, tedious 90 minutes of demo, catching glimpses of stollen, pizza, cake and pastry. At the end, while everyone else mobbed the table at the front, I went to talk to the dietitian, who at the start had briefly spoken to the room about the gluten-free situation in the hospital where she works.
I've realized that I feel very much at home there when I go in the bathroom to use the potty (yes, I call it that now all the time. Having kids, you know?). In fact as I go into the bathroom, I have to remember that I'm not at home and really think about who else is in the house. This is because I almost never shut the door when I use the bathroom in my own house.
The changes in the markets of socio-structural, political and economical relations, at the same time those in the internal environment of the sub-regional nation-state and civil administration carry endless weight to infuse tremendous momentum to propel Human Security Is Complete Life with forward motion that will shake violently and, shall and will create perforation in the walls of isolation between the powerless and powerhouse. The value addition in the process comes with the changes in technology in its investment in the lives and living conditions of the people primarily through the development of infrastructural facilities and in the development and growth of uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian. The value addition of the projected changes in technological investment with the changes in the market and sub-regional nation-state, in fact, emanates from the awards given in the lives of the people through developing uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian; such are: shared sense of ownership feeling over the means of production by both the workers and owners of the industries; integration between the workers and owners of the industries and factories etc. which will be manifested in the behavior, attitude, and approach of the workers towards the uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian. The value addition will further be manifested in the emergence of new entrepreneurs from within the realm of the uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian either in the same products or new products depending on the gravity of the demand side, in other words market will be dictated by the people in respect of quality, quantity and price. The people constitutes both powerless and power-house but because of increasing integration between these two classes of the people due to the changes in the stated three markets, sub-regional nation-state and civil administration added with the changes in the technological investment and unrestricted open highest form of capitalism with offering more and more employment opportunities the integration between powerless and powerhouse will be more dense thus the people dictating the stated three markets, sub-regional nation-state and civil administration for goods and/or services will also be more or less similar immaterial of bipolar class characteristics. The people dictating the market will obviously be based on five cognitive social capitals: taste, usefulness, importance, confidence and principle at the same time similarly dictating the market by bipolar classes is their active participation in the stated three markets, nation-state and civil administration. The increasingly active participation will also greatly be facilitated by the highest form of democracy through taking integration among the three fundamentals of democracy: ‘for, of and by’ the people to demonstrate synonym behavior of the sub-regional nation-state, civil administration and people in development. Both the unrestricted open highest form of capitalism with supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian and highest form of democracy with the supreme integration of its three fundamental elements are adhesives to each other and in the protective measures of Human Security Is Complete Life, thus find their places with the former in the seventh outer shell and the later in the eighth outer shell pushing sub-regional nation-state government (with or without nation-state) and Global Civil Society institutionalized includes Civil Society (nation-state) in the subsequent ninth and tenth outer shell respectively. Human Security Is Complete Life is not in isolation from the outcomes with the similar interventions in the adjacent sub-regional nation-states in order that symmetrical development and growth in Human Security is Complete Life in the adjacent sub-regional nation-states occur thus facilitating Global Governance and globalization through an agency centered approach which is not public based, in any way, towards the road leading to ‘Single State World’ to rule by the Global Government.
I miss Jonny terribly. He's currently in New York City, chasing his dream. Right now, he's in production for an off-Broadway musical and he starts graduate school at NYU this August.
‘He didn’t remember…’
An hour ago we buried Mr Puss. He was/is the absolute love of myself and Vladi's lives...we had such fun with him, we have three dogs, Polly, Dick and Lester but Mr Puss was special, he was just such a character...he waited on the wall for us at night to return home from work, he stretched himself up the fridge door to ask for milk, he would curl up on my cardigan to sleep or go into the linen basket or on to the book shelves. When Vladi would be cooking in the kitchen he would be there watching on, commentating....he had a way of approaching you in full body stretch mode, he adored belly rubs... he adored us. He followed me like a puppy dog. He would run up the tree in the garden and walk the canopy roof. He adored milk and first thing in the morning, he would circle my feet pleading for milk. On cold wet days, he stayed curled up and when I would kiss him on the forehead he would reply half-sleepily with a purr and and then cuddle himself in further to a ball and sleepily doze off again. He loved sleeping in, in the mornings, especially if it was dull and cloudy....he was the boss of the dogs...and could n't bear noise or mayhem and let them know what was what. There are so many memories of him that I need to write down in order not to forget them or him....I loved picking him up and putting him over my shoulder, he adored that ...at every moment I was kissing him on the forehead, belly...he had the softest, most silky fur.....I was truly besotted with him. When I lay in bed with the laptop, he would make a funny little landing noise on jumping up on me and then come to my left side to cuddle in under my arm while watching the computer screen with me. He would try to ease himself further and further on to the keyboard and I'd eventually have to move him a little away as I coudn't see the screen. He knew his name and would come running to Vladi's special whistle for him.
You see, we writers are fragile creatures. Our delicate hands aren't meant for lashing things together with twine or cutting polyboard with a scalpel.
The irk for Taib was that much of the land he took the liberty of dispensing as political currency was inhabited by indigenous Dayak communities who had lived and cultivated their land for generations, mostly pre-dating the creation of the modern Sarawakian state. Thus, when bulldozers and pickup trucks arrived brandishing permits for the land, clashes ensued which often turned violent. During the height of the confrontations in the 1980s and 90s, the army and police were deployed to back up the companies, resulting in several deaths and hundreds of arrests under Malaysia’s draconian internal security laws5.
“They will help us contrast the peace of law and order under your regime has produced with the chaos and crime they seem to promote”.
*Ran up and down the stairs (3 flights) a couple of times in between to get my heart rate up. Took 2 at a time for some sets.
First, I wanted to show you how this was packaged:
“Captain, recommend firing point procedures!” Dave Adams was pushing me to order the attack and I liked that. As weapons officer, he knew we had all the pieces together for a successful shot: weapons loaded and ready in the tubes, an accurate bead on the target, and authorization to engage. Waiting for more precise information would only give the enemy more time to detect us.
Choosing the right partner.
Once again, it’s all about bypassing the critical factor so we can stimulate the unconscious mind.
At one fell swoop CAMRA has not only fallen into the trap of legitimising this brewers’ marketing term, it’s lumbered itself with the dumbest and most useless definition of it. We might as well say that “craft beer is awesome beer made with passion” for all the use it is.
Netflix, it's like Beer for your Brain.
These keys may look a bit gaudy now in gold, but I think some Heirloom White paint can fix that. Or should I go for the oil-rubbed bronze? I'll have to figure it out when the weather finally cooperates for spray painting.
How did you come to write The Benefactor? What initially sparked the idea for the story? Is the story that made it into the published novel the same one you began with?
at the disappearance of fictitious characters.
Leave aside Anna, the Team Anna is as such who is far reaching the gandhian way of life…what to talk of principles..Team Anna is in a youthful immature stage acting under a political interest and hence,scumbed to political vandalism.
So let’s see, since Mary’s birthday session, I’ve done another birthday portrait session, two sprite sessions to finish off the seasons theme with Courtney Pozzolo (we made a book for her husband), a wedding, a pin up session, a sexy easter portrait session with a couple of sisters, and two nature walks with friends. That is actually quite a lot for 4 months! Pictures to follow!
Imagine my horror this afternoon when I realised that a mildly entertaining, yet futuristic, ideal I referred to in my last blog may come to fruition within the next six months. The Irish Minister for Health, James Reilly, is taking a look into the New York policy in which people are banned from smoking anywhere. No smoking in parks, beaches and anywhere else that a body might feel the inclination to light up. My God! What are they trying to do to us? If the government want it that way, why don’t they just ban the sale of cigarettes? Surely that would make life easier.
The Waldkindergarten don't ask permission to use the land. They make sure they leave as they found it and try and work with a deep respect to nature. From the kindergarten many children go into mainstream school. There is a nature school locally and one of the ex-kindergarten child who goes to the nature school told Christa "Today I learnt my multiplication up to 200, then to relax I went outside and made a fire."
((Dress, $8,500, Pamela Dennis. Bergdorf Goodman; 212-753-7300. Earrings, $100, Janis by Janis Savitt. Bergdorf Goodman.))
good person until the “little skeletons” started falling out of my closet and
Suppose a Mr. Forbes has a distinctive hairline. You could imaging four bees coming out of his hairline.
Completely lost in all the headlines were the failures of the contracting standards of United Nations. A conclusion of “American” contractors supporting the Taliban is not supported by the facts presented in the text of the Senate report itself. The most electric allegation in the report is that subcontractors fought against U.S. forces during a raid on Azizabad resulting in the injury of one U.S. soldier and the injury of several civilians.
Took too long to make contact
Metalheads are easily impressed and they're self-conscious and of low self-esteem. They celebrate the tamest, the most video-game aspects of their beloved music in public conversation. How hard this band plays, how ripping the sound design of this band is, how many beats per minute this drummer can achieve, how many notes in this solo, how much this song sounds like that other song. Or even most insidiously, how sad this song makes one, how deep this band is, how far out the atmosphere of this record. Yet these things are expected, they knew they'd get that before they pressed play. What they got was pleasing melody, conservative, safe structure and a relatively good time. Metalheads often dress up those experiences common with any popular music fan throughout the world as something higher, more important, hidden behind the Heavy Metal ghost, the power of hi-gain distortion and double bass.
Redwood Bend is another highly enjoyable novel in this mammoth series. It’s very hard to keep things feeling fresh when you’re 18 books in but this one definitely felt it and I think that was more because of Dylan than anything else. He’s a little bit of a playboy and a classic commitment phobe and he’s lots of fun. Despite his mouth saying one thing, his actions quite clearly say another and I really liked his interactions with Katie’s young sons who are quite mischievous. Even though he clearly didn’t stick to his claim to not want to become a presence in children’s lives, I felt he actually had a very good reason for saying it. He was the product of a many-times-over broken home and had experienced first hand the impact casual relationships and a revolving door of family members can have. His case was extreme and not typically the norm but it was definitely a solid background to back up his anti-commitment stance.
Martin’s Pale Ale is a deep amber with a rocky-looking, foamy head and a beery, slightly fruity aroma. Up front, it has a thick, sweet flavour, like candy, with a pear and vaguely banana-esque fruitiness. An alcoholic warmth comes swiftly after, but the hops take their time coming in, building up to provide a mild, drying bitterness to the finish. A little too sweet, perhaps, for my tastes, but it does provide a robust pale ale experience.
You can see some of the finished animations below:
Perhaps when you've done one voyage like this, you ache to do it again: at any rate, like Thor Heyerdahl before him, Tim Severin has famously continued to recreate archaic voyages. His second expedition, in 1984, was in 'Argo', a reconstruction of a Mycenean galley, following as nearly as possible the course of Jason and the Argonauts across the Mediterranean and up the Bosphorus and on to Georgia, land of the Golden Fleece.
People bring stuff into the museum I work for all the time. They think it's a precious historical document that must be preserved. 3/4 of the time they are right...
HAIKU THEME: INHIBITIONS
For the inside pages, I took a sheet of 12x12 cardstock, folded it in half, then folded in half again to make a 3 in square.
on October of last year, Uloma and I must have been the only best friends in the whole of Nigeria to have both gotten admissions into the same university. We were elated! We had been twice unlucky. Last year, we had made vows to God. I had told God that if He granted me the admission, I would never commit fornication while Uloma had vowed that she would marry her first boyfriend so she would not have to commit fornication. God must have heard us…
Reforma, 4/23/2012
» 12/6 – San Jose, CA @ HP Pavilion
The list is long...
Tan areas shaded with E31, E55, colorless blender
Everything is coming together now at Whinberry & Antler to culminate in a big push with the marketing (after all, Christmas is already upon the retail world) so we have been taking lots photos as well as making.
And the very best of choruses to
Image of: Dwolla Introduces a Like Button for Buying Stuff
Uh?
“Get outta’ town” has been the theme this month.
very very soon. I'll have a best little buddy right at home!
Well, not right here but he is in Queensland---our northern sunshine state.
Weight Loss: 2 pounds
You have a defined style, you know what you like. Why, oh why, then, can’t you get it to feel right? Forgive the cliché, lovelies, but too much of a good thing… In design (and just about everything else), we all know that while too much sweetness is cloying, too much masculinity can be cold, just as too many neutrals can feel monotone but overwhelming color feels like a circus. Do you find yourself drawn to the same elements over and over? Marinate on this: One element in the absence of its opposite may feel incomplete, but the whisper of its opposite magnifies itself. ( I theorize this is why kettle corn may be the world’s most addictive snack, as illustrated by my recent trip to the mountains. But I digress… ) So if you are plagued by a Groundhog’s Day sense of safe and similar, what to do? Throw a wrench in it! Highlight all the things you already love by peppering in a tiny hint of its counterpart. You like clean lines and crisp finishes? Drape a sumptuous throw over your sofa. You have a room full of dark wood? Lighten up with a white-painted chest. Lots of solids? A kiss of pattern will banish the boring. Shall we begin?
Within a couple weeks of that declaration, I realized how inane it was. What was I thinking? Why would I limit the number of my friendships? Would having four or five friends diminish the quality of the first three relationships? Were life and my emotional really needs so neat and easy as to be able to quantify the number of sufficient friendships? For better or worse, no.
I agree that it’s unclear how many “rights” negate a “wrong” so to speak. There are so many variables in experiments–many of which aren’t actually reported in manuscripts–that it can prove quite difficult to distinguish between variation in conditions (concentrations, lots, strains, etc.), honest mistakes, and intentional misconduct. But is the burden of proof higher (e.g. greater number of contradictory studies required) if the original finding in question is published in a GlamourMag? Should it be?
Q. What inspired you to write this book?
~ Add in butter and let the machine do the work for about 15 minutes until an elastic dough formed.
The Bad: Longer waits, especially on weekends.
Angela Bofill ~ Too Tough ~ Arista ~ 1983
What time is left is all that counts, and this remaining time is my RESPONSIBILITY.
Small and independent craft brewers provide nearly 100,000 jobs, and in 2008 the total taxable barrels of beer produced by craft brewers was 8,596,971. Additionally, many craft brewers go to incredible lengths and great costs to lessen their impact on their surrounding environment and community. Representing 4.0 percent by volume and 6.3 percent in dollars of the overall beer market, consumer interest in the craft sector continues to grow, but not without challenges. According to the Brewers Association, the cost of operating a small brewery has increased over 39% November 2007 to November 2008.
In addition to more efficient advertising, in recent years the amount of content that is shown online has rapidly increased. Newspapers and magazines are even making the shift to the world wide web, and more consumers are using the internet to consume news and entertainment.
I’ve come today to remind you of this time. To help you remember. You see you’ve come full circle. Yes, because as you are nearing the completion of the cycles of Earth, it’s time to play make believe again. It’s time to remember the trust, the focus, the strength of your belief in your day dream. I am asking you to pause in your busy life, to sit quietly, close your eyes, and be still. We’ll all be there with you as you begin to play again, to day dream about a new you. What would you want if you could choose right now? What would you like to do, to experience? Where would you like to succeed in your life? What would your friends be like, your family, children? Perhaps you would desire more free time to just do what ever you wanted, to walk along a beach, or along a track in the park.Or meet with us, communicate with us. Wouldn’t’t it be fun?
What the BBA is doing:
... that taking care of myself needs to happen more often than it currently does (thanks L).
Here in just the last few weeks, I have started feeling a new stirring of joy and excitement building up in my spirit. I feel like God is about to take Heath and I on a journey, an adventure, and I want you all to be a part of it. Mainly because we NEED your prayers. But also so God can be glorified in this story that He is writing for us.
My computer is an overpriced paving brick at this point. Yeah, it works, but the hard drive is going and it took two visits of 2 hours each to two different computer gurus to have them tell me that "it won't connect to the internet". Then there was something with deleting windows entirely and restarting from scratch,that might solve the problem, but I would lose all my software, yadda yadda. Expensive inconvenient, and with the hard drive going as well, what's the point?
06. XXX Funk (The Dust Patients! Remix)
Close to dance school for the older one
Both girls are preparing for a karate tournament. They will participate in katas and sparring. They have now earned their blue belts and keep pressing ahead and still love this sport. It has now been over 18 months of karate and they love it more and more.
John Drumm – Vocals, Keyboards
So the worst part about working in Veterinary Medicine is the people, the clients that inevitably come with their dogs. Ironic, right? People get into this field, because they want to spend their day with animals. Yet so much of the time is spent dealing with people. And people, in general, aren’t that pleasant.
Lackey Love
I know I have a lot of things I wish I’ve done. It’s somewhere lying in the back of my brain. I’ll update myself later.
Here is a link to a notice to Dorchester of foreclosure for the note and a sale of the assets that were pledged as security on a loan.
As we talked in classes, the Object Oriented Programming paradigm is a solution for the existent problems in Structured Programming. David Parnas was one of the guys who talked a lot about the necessity of a new approach to solve the problems.
We were stuck, we were dangerous, we were committing crimes, we were lying boldly, we were rejecting all good, we were incapable of communication, and speaking in behaviors…it has been VERY bad.
Tomorrow’s post: burlesque.
The last semester of school was such a whirlwind, and if I wasn't in clinic I was busy studying and preparing for Boards. I passed both sets (thank goodness), graduated with honors, attended our pinning ceremony with my amazing class, and best of all...secured an amazing job at a great dental practice in Mt. Pleasant!
It's important that community and business district has its original architecture completely intact. It is a discount in admission. Best of all, there is a family event that features bronco busting, bull riding and even clowns. It is fun for the oklahoma city traffic laws of smoking and obesity. These two also contribute to the BCS Rose Bowl.
I own a few four way convertible bras from EdenFantasys, my favorite being the Baci 4-Way Animal Print Convertible Bra. The four way convertible bras make wearing my racer backs just fine, I no longer have to worry about bra strap tan lines. The straps can be worn criss crossed across my back and line up perfectly with my tank tops.
For a dragon to man befriend
I'm convinced the heart of autumn was residing at this park. The leaves were perfectly crunchy, a gentle breeze would send hundreds of leaves flying, giggles abounded from kids rolling down leaf covered hills, and the colors were vivid. I could've stayed there for days.
He's never seen anything like it. A conservative environment, mild-mannered suits minding their own business and now all Hell's broken loose as two more begin to convulse. The paramedics are beside themselves and ill equipped. One has the wherewithal to clear the floor.
Sometimes it seems like the only time I can slow things down is if I sit down with Colden and do something with him, or if I sit with my beads while he's playing with his trains or his crayons. Even my work days just seem to zip past me while I'm not paying attention lately.
The Friday streets are packed: people swell this way, sway the other, billow through the still-balmy air. Covent Garden station is packed, the lifts full and breathless.
And weather permitting, I'll be out there again tomorrow. I'm nervous about my new job starting on Monday so it will be good to ground myself by digging on what looks like it might be a drizzly damp weekend.
black words
One of the worst things about our society of fat hatred is the treatment of fat women. Many men are attracted to fat women, but because of the way women in general are used as symbols of status, to date, or commit to a fat woman in public EVEN when you’re attracted to one is almost unheard of! Men dont want fat women because fat women make bad trophies but they also dont want to deny their own personal attraction to them…so they objectify them instead. They use fat hatred against fat women to make fat women feel like any man who glances at them are entitled to their bodies. yes, thin women go through this objectification occasionally but its frowned upon and it doesnt happen nearly as often as it does to fat women! It happens so often to fat, overweight and obese women that it makes up about 90% of their romantic relations with the opposite sex! But I digress, I’m not going to sit here and lament the treatment of fat women strictly on the romantic side of things. Fat women are discriminated against when it comes to jobs, raises, even volunteer opportunities, assumptions based off of stereotypes are used against them to refuse them memberships to clubs, they make less money then thin people! And this is based solely on SIZE. I’ve gone to a public lake to swim in my bathing suit and caught 3 DIFFERENT ppl from 3 DIFFERENT groups taking my picture while my back was turned….no doubt to show a friend for a laugh or to post on the internet because i DARED to be at a wading lake…in a swim suit…like everyone else.
Making the right choice to succeed Van Der Sar for the Red Devils this time, will determine whether United can build on their latest success stories or whether they will descend until they find the right man again.
Paper: Rose Red (SU), Solar White (Neenah), Watercolor Bouquet (K&Co), Preppy Princess Stack (DCWV).
FIBER.
Oh my dear, sweet, gherkin-colored friends! Who said taking classes is forbidden to unschoolers? Remember my original comment: It's all about CHOICE. Consider this scenario which is chosen to avoid the context of school per se but which needn't be so neutral. Turn the example into a school class, if it makes you happier.
But as an I act, I milk it for all its worth
BEST PERFORMANCE IN A BAD MOVIE
They only had to wait a further seven months, 32 days for their catalyzing, Pearl Harbor-like event to occur.
Basically, Wolfmother is an energetic, booze filled epic journey of badassness. The album opens with Colossal, a not-so-suggestive-at-all-named track which sets the tone for the entire record. You know from its first chords what to expect, and that, in my opinion, is a pretty fucking nice thing for an album that is not meant to be taken seriously. I like my things neat and clear.
You add scrapbook paper around the oatmeal bin and you can even add fun embellishments like so: (did that with my fun ecraft machine...have you heard of it? if not, check it out!)
Today I encounter a more indirect, sly form of bullying in many areas of my life. For example, I had a T.A for one of my courses at York U who based their marking around my attendance. Because I was usually the only person participating in class, it became expected of me to show up exactly at 8:30 AM and have my homework prepared (who the fuck really shows up on time for their earliest class? If you answered “I do”, well you’re a douche bag). And when I didn’t know the answer, marks were deducted. And when I showed up five minutes late twice in a row, he stop signing me in and deducted marks from that, then proceeded to tell me that I am a model student who needs to set an example for the other students. WHAT THE MOTHER EFF? ME? A MODEL STUDENT? How is this possible? Model students do not take several hours at their part time jobs, go out drinking, hang out with friends and boys, and enjoy their lives. They hate their lives and bury themselves in books and facts to feel better about their sad lives. Sorry, that rant was just to make myself feel better about my C+ average. Model students rock. But I am certainly not one, and I was definitely picked on for bullshit. I could have told him off on the spot as he said this, embarrassed him in front of his students and potentially ruin his career by writing a letter to the department scrutinizing his failing teaching abilities, but I bit my lip and said, “okay, sir” with my most sarcastic voice and threw my bag on the ground and answered every question without utmost certainty in myself. Bastard. I just didn’t feel the need to start so much drama if it was not absolutely necessary. Then again, I have never stepped out of my boundaries to give them their karma. I’d rather go for ice cream or get laid.
Psychological tests have revealed that dermatitis sufferers tend to be noticeably more anxious than non-sufferers and as levels of anxiety are reduced the skin condition improves proportionately. For this reason, most clinicians and researchers agree that stress affects the course of dermatitis and eczema, and reducing stress levels has a positive effect on the course of the disease. Emotional factors have been shown to have a strong correlation with onset of the disease and also with flare-ups. Further more, several documented case studies have revealed that hypnosis can offer a successful treatment for sufferers.(3)
‘Our ancestors, in their wisdom, considered that all women, because of their innate weakness, should be under the control of guardians.‘ ~Cicero
Here is a glimpse of my stroll the other evening...
Rooms: 4
Now, Spice World the Movie is a delightful movie.
Diecut Machine; Cuttlebug by Provo Craft
The BBC miniseries version of Pride and Prejudice
2 Tbsp chopped pimientos
Why? Well, probably because we're vain people. I don't believe that true gyaru aren't incredibly vain people. I don't mean that you never think you look bad, we all think we look ugly sometimes (i.e. w/o makeup or simply having bad photos taken or having a bad hair/skin day.) It's human!
We have made some very good changes in our house and they have definitely made an impact on our boys as well! They see us making the healthier choices and they want to copy our positive habits! Yay! With a new diet, I have had to become very flexible with my meal plans because it's not always easy to plan a day's worth of meals with a busy schedule, preschool, sports, and being a wife and mother! And we all have busy lives, so I'm sure this is tough for most of you too!
Yesterday, I attended my first Berimbrown concert at Central Connecticut State University. I have managed to be too far away every time they have visited the United States, but was able to catch them part way through their current 12-day visit.
Spoon into prepared dish(es) and smooth the top. Sprinkle the top with Parmesan cheese. Using your thumb, run it along the inside rim of the ramekins or souffle dish, this will ensure the double crown that souffles are famous for.
I didn't play with the colors, they where changing as I was shooting
I know many people who write poems they never share. Face your stage fright and share something at an open mic event. Post a poem to your blog. Give a copy of a poem to a friend. Write a poem for your significant other and read it to him or her.
She sees a refreshing new phenomenon of self-organisation and social action. “In the past year of this crisis I have seen really encouraging, really exciting things happening – people are seeing the power of organising themselves. We have to support them.”
2. You must link it to Mr. Linky (if you have a problem feel free to email me I will help you link it)
First and foremost, let me just say, I’m not an advocate for fist fighting or backyard wrestling or hitting yourself with a 2×4, any other such rednecky-type nonsense. None of that appeals to me. Hell, I don’t even like it when those urban skateboarders jump up on the rails and ride them. All I can think is, “Man, do you really want to make mashed potatoes out of your balls at such a young age? You might need them…” So, I’m against violence. I also believe that if you yell in anger, you may have the BEST point in the world, you may be so RIGHT, and yet no one will hear you. All they will hear is the yelling. So, whenever you can do like the kitschy, pop culture poster says – “keep calm and carry on.”
I don’t want you anymore. I don’t want anyone else as well.
My people are what make this life wonderful, no matter where in the world I am.
Even at the seminar, Minister Dr.Yaacob Ibrahim is only making calls for more measures. Even though the timing is clearly before the election, he obviously has not even been shrewd to put anything on the table for the Malay community. Nevertheless coming up with measures at this moment after wasting 5 years in parliament simply is too late and too little.
I started frequently thinking about her, maybe because I was feeling lonely again due to the separation with my partner. I didn’t have any family where I was living and I had banned my adoptive mother from my life once I moved out.
www.pursuedtirol.com is another market of delights and a creative way to bring the local products to the tourists and make them aware of the habitat they are staying in. But not only tourists – Pur Südtirol – is not less a neighborhood store also for the locals. Consumption of local food does not neccessarily have to be expensive. With the philosophy of short ways, synergies, innovations, complex developements and communication Pur Südtirol is able to keep prices affordable. Nevertheless it is absolutely clear that this quality food can not be offered at supermarket price levels.
Of sexual immorality.
Culture Beat Anything UK
Eddie Martinez, of the 700 block of Holmes Avenue, fled from deputies Thursday afternoon, after they say he stole a woman’s truck and a man’s trailer.
It must have seemed like a good idea at the time. Kimberly-Clark wanted to demonstrate the superiority of their Huggies diapers on television, and to do this they chose a stereotype right out of 1950s situation comedies.
We serve a God who is so much bigger than we can fathom. We serve a God who has plans we couldn't dream up if we tried. He wants good things for us, and sometimes pain is part of that. It sucks, but I promise there is purpose. He conquered the grave, His power is within us, and weeping may last for the night but I am here to tell you that JOY comes in the morning...sometimes it takes years, but it comes if you accept it. I have felt for so long that I needed to dread Mother's Day because of all of the sorrow it reminds me of and that if I did not weep and grieve on this date that I was doing a disservice to my grief, but I am learning that I can allow the joy to come. I can celebrate because God has conquered all of it. My feet are firmly planted upon the Rock and He has proven Himself to be a faithful and loving God. I can celebrate in SPITE of all of the pain because His grace and His hope are GREATER than all of it.
At least 30 persons have
I will be in attandence, and afterwards will be hosting a special Q&A session. It's going to be a late one, obviously, but hopefully that won't put folk off. It had better not do, actually, given that I've seen the bar-side action at FANTASYCON drag on until six in the morning sometimes.
- Think to hold back your belly: for example, if you need to pick something up, flatten your belly first, then kneel. Similarly, to stand up, flatten your belly then push hard on your legs without leaning forward.
I live in a small town. Like really small.
went to Coton at 6 this morning sold 2 fat cows of Mr Hakes to Mr Jno. Cross at £ 44 ~ 0s ~ 0d
The other thing we find out about the Baroness (and in Rubenstein she had a kindred spirit here) she was a junker -- a picker! She absolutely adored trolling through the London flea markets searching for 'beautiful things'...at bargain prices. Cecil Beaton once described her homes as being "decorated with an eclectic display of shell flowers, witch balls and mother of pearl furniture, all picked up for a song at the Caledonian market!"
Sec. 14. Freedom of speech and press.
"Which word?" her husband asked.
Producer: Adobe
“As opposed to substandard ones?”
While I originally wanted the bike to be entirely flat black, it just didn't look right when I started putting it back together. Therefore.. I repainted the front fender and chain guard gloss black to give the bike some subtle contrast.
Over the past three years, the Department of Justice has filed criminal charges against hundreds of ordinary Americans for financial fraud. But no one from the largest banks and firms on Wall Street have been similarly charged for events leading up to the financial crisis. Could that be because those banks are clients of the firms from which top DOJ officials hail?
7. Far away Reinhoren
So who’s we? We are Sarah-Clare Conlon, Ian Carrington, David Hartley, Benjamin Judge and Tom Mason. We are short-short story writers who regularly read at literary get-togethers and open mic nights in Manchester. We’ve performed as part of Manchester Literature Festival and appeared as a pop-up literary salon at Manchester Twestival 2011. As well as working on stories and reading together, the Flash Mob writing collective members are partial to the odd pub quiz, and we're collaborating with Bad Language to run a literary quiz for the Not Part Of fringe to Manchester International Festival in July.
YOU KEEPING FIGHTING CANCER and ENJOY THE DAY!
Stripped of hope that her health would be restored, deprived of dreams for her future, dependent upon others for meals and much of her care, my mother still honored her need–with dignity and creativity–to gift those she loved. Living a completely circumscribed and regulated life, she was able to delight us with surprise. Those with infinite expectations of the dawn will encounter obstacles along the way, but the point, as Thoreau says, is to stay awake and look for the surprising opportunities and blessings that always appear.
of another ship,
I don't know why he has such an early nap, especially since he gets tired in the late afternoon. Not tired enough to nap, mind you, but tired enough to act out, not listen & hit me. Good times.
Missing, presumed sedated, include Fern Britton who has posted nothing in 804 days; and Private Eye deputy editor Francis Wheen (who has a poorly back and his literary shed is now ash - fair excuses).
For one thing, there is an excessive willingness to sacralise “human nature”. This is presumably taken to refer to our biological nature and to stand in contrast to cultural or environmental influences. But anyone who is familiar with contemporary behavioural biology will know that the simplistic nature/nurture distinction is discredited. We now know that our phenotype is the product of a set of causal feedback loops between genes and environment. Discussions of enhancement that ignore this new understanding are seriously deficient.
I imagine they will be very pleased with the end result.
"Do you want any help?" one of the boys asked, scraping back his chair.
“State aid is not supposed to be, in my view, equitably distributed to towns,” Staples said. “State aid for the most part goes for services that the state needs to supplement at the local level. A town like Greenwich has the ability to fund most of its own services. The city of Bridgeport is not capable of fully funding its own education system.”
If you get on the login page at first, click on the accedir com usuari extern and change the language into English on the lower left corner of the page. After that, click on the Imatex link on the left and search link will appear underneath. On the search options I've chosen "Thesaurus" and searched with the word "18th century" for most records of the period. If you're not so particularly interested in pieces of fabrics, you can simply go to page about 50 and you'll find pictures of whole outfits and garments there. The search is a bit slow, actually, but what's great is that the zoom is really great bacause you can take a very close look at the garments.
Ask God to shine His holy light on you, expose those things that are holding you back, humble yourself, and ask Him to make you undone today.
In the case of someone designing, for example, crafts (e.g., cakes, sweaters, gift cards), someone takes the image and uses it for their own to draw web traffic. The image is no longer linked to the person who created it.
Serve on baguette slices, toasted or not, or crackers.
I throw a twenty in the plate but I never give 'til it hurts
her singing is raw and real
When I made up my mind to adopt The Geej, I was single and absolutely 100% believed I would remain that way. It wasn't that I'd "given up," per se. It was more like I'd come to terms with the fact that by entering this new and very intense relationship with my child, the liklihood of me having time or mental energy to focus on developing a relationship with a man was very, very slim. I'd been married, and that whole fiasco had made me gun-shy, to say the least. And really? Once I'd figured out that I didn't NEED a man in my life in order to a) live and b) become a mother, I felt powerful in a whole new way--a way that created a view of my future as a single mom that pretty much just stayed single. Besides, I'd never really bought in to that whole "girls need a father figure" thing because, quite frankly, the father figures in my life had either been absent and ghost-like at worst, or frustrating and maddeningly confusing at best. They hadn't been the strong men who you'd want your daughter to model her relationships after, and my mother had pretty much served as the primary role model in my life when it came to a parental figure.
Sino-Russian alliance is very timely, seeing the hard threatening statements of Hillary Clinton that she fired at Pakistan from Kabul before flying to Islamabad is very alarming. Pakistan has some hard decisions to make.
That every voice is heard
I've been on a bluegrass kick lately. But -- call me a cranky old purist if you want -- I don't like much of the modern bluegrass music. So much of it seems cold and intellectual -- virtuoso musicians who seem more highfalutin than high and lonesome, lacking in that true hillbilly spirit that fueled the original masters.
Give up the fight. Surrender….
I feel like untitled-ing everything. Haha.
Thank you for stopping by today to visit my blog. We have some sunshine again in this part of WI and the temperature is to reach 72 degrees today. After so many cloudy and rainy days I love it! Wishing you a happy weekend!
Qual : Any
GIGI!!! I'm feeling those sparks for you again. Thank you.
scent of spring...
You have enemies? Good. That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life. –SIR WINSTON CHURCHILL
It's amazing when your sole purpose is to serve others ... that a simple act of being put on bed rest can make you feel so inadequate. Although I am fully aware that I am serving my unborn child by simply plopping myself on the sofa to stay I am still feeling awfully useless.
Have a question about performing burlesque that you’d like me to answer? Just ask! Here’s a question that came in recently, and I’ll be posting more Q&A articles soon. The videos that Mae is talking about here are the lessons from my free Burlesque Challenge™ video course.
Breivik's methodology, ideology and reasoning are all grounded in reality with his own eccentricity added in for good measure based upon his own minds understanding and coming to terms with his reality and role in the right-wing terrorist network he is involved with. He was a recruited and trained agent by them. Everything he says is grounded in facts that can be explained in the context of the bigger picture if you accept that there is a bigger picture. To deny the bigger picture relegates Breivik to a delusional 'lone wolf' nut recruited, radicalised and trained in bomb making and assassination through youtube, blogs and websites.
Last question, how can you describe Dear Cloud in 5 words?
But I know that in reality it was a time of poor hygiene, little indoor plumbing and electricity, writing by hand with messy ink bottles, where diseases like tuberculosis and syphilis ran rampant thru a population that was promiscuous, addicted to opium and morphine, drank too much, smoked too much, ate poorly, slept little and lived in damp, drafty rooms with little or no heat. Many of them died from illness, substance abuse or suicide far too young.
Ooh, ooh, the damage done.
Lucy Monroe's "Who's Been Sleeping in My Brother's Bed" starts us off. Danusia has a little trouble at her apartment that requires getting a new door. Instead of getting a hotel room she packs up her thesis research and heads to her brother's empty apartment.
Look who thinks they are being bullied here.
Using an electric whisk, beat the butter with the sugar and grated lemon zest together until light and creamy. Gradually beat in the egg yolks, beating well after each addition. Fold in the flour and the milk, alternately to make a smooth but runny batter. Stir in the lemon juice.
“Do you have a wish?” the mask spoke.
From my blog you will hop on over to see what fabulous new stamps GEZ uses. Can't wait to hear what your favorite ones are!
1. “Fortifying L.A.’s Nonprofit Organizations: Capacity Building Needs and Services in Los Angeles County,” A Study by the TCC Group, Commissioned by the Weingart Foundation. http://www.tccgrp.com/pdfs/Weingart_Report.pdf
Also want to hang out with Doctor. I have The Hurt Locker on DVD from Netflix and I'm waiting until I have a free evening to watch it with him. It's a lot more fun watching my Netflix movies with someone instead of alone on the couch to kill a Sunday afternoon.
We really don't have the money for it. Not even the one from Home Goods. Also, the more I thought about it, I didn't want something quite so scratchy since the kids spend so much time on the floor. So I came up with another idea last May (and yes, I'm just getting around to posting about it now). It involved using table runners from IKEA... here's how it turned out
Special acknowledgment to all my accompany who contributed annual to this list!
"Yes, you did. You did so shoot a bunny." She glared at me.
Speaking after Gonshaw was sentenced, the head of Scotland's wildlife and environmental crime unit at the Crown Office, Craig Harris, said: "Our wildlife is part of our national character.
Its me (Hazel) who is the hostess this week.
The boys looked right at home on the big stage. They played an energetic half hour set, and the audience gladly absorbed their fresh and danceable surf rock tunes.
5-But I trust in your unfailing love. I will rejoice because you have rescued me.
Today was our first day at our homeschool co-op Enaact.
But I have thoughts of Hell.
I am over the Bronchitis and have control over my asthma - finally. With a squirt squirt of expensive nasal spray medicine, puff puff of another very expensive inhaler, and then a swallow of an outrageously overpriced pill for my acid reflux issue, I am feeling 100% better!!!!! BUT, I have to stay away from places that are "smoky" or where the air quality is not "good" for the moment, so as to not trigger a relapse. Right now we are in the midst of a tropical depression dumping rain on us - and to last for several days, possibly a week, per forecasters... so the air should be cleaned of most pollutants...other than mold - that's a killer here...but I can deal with that with a pop of Zyrtec... I am still a walking pharmacy, but at least I function!!!!
Most people have friends, colleagues and relations from other ethnic groups nowadays but we have to ask ourselves: “Can we allow our children be pushed out of jobs, homes, and college places in their own country?” Look at statistics from Office of National Statistics (which don’t take into account the births to mothers born here) and then look at your children and ask: ”Am I betraying my own children ? Where will they live and work?” To give favourable treatment to aliens over our own people, what the great fifth Marquess of Salisbury called “Our kith and kin” is perverse and un-natural.
“Furry?” answered Praymar. “I should think not,” answered Praymar not getting the jest and brushing his long white bangs back with his right hand. He was thin fellow, with high cheekbones and thin red lips. Despite his unusual coloring, he was a rather handsome looking youth, probably no older than fourteen.
*For instance, this one. This was the first comic I remember ever getting. I said “getting” not reading because I was maybe four and couldn’t read yet, but gazing at this gripping Ramona Fradon illustration, I was immediately intrigued! Why were the Super Friends fighting one another?! What happened to Jayna?! Was she dead?! My four year old self NEEDED to know! Of course this is one of those comics where the scene on the cover never actually happens in the book. The villain, The Overlord (the one playing with puppets), brainwashes the Super Friends into trying to take over the world, but they are thwarted by Mera and other heroes from around the globe.
I turned up for my testing thinking that it would be one on one with an interviewer but there I was in a classroom situation with eleven other people---test booklets were handed out, the clock ticked over and we had a maximum of three hours to complete all testing. About an hour in I had finished and sat there staring into oblivion--the testing officer came to me and asked what was wrong---I told him that I was finished---he looked at me and said "I doubt that---very few people can finish these tests in the three hours allowed, so you have done something drastically wrong--maybe you should take the time to look through them again"
If you have arrived here from Lyndas blog then you are heading in the right direction to continue with the hop but if not then please click HERE to start at the beginning
I guess it would have been served in the old days with cream or ice cream.
Ash had a Krabby in the anime, which he didn’t use much. But he did use it for the tournament, and it evolved after one battle.
(To the tune "The Farmer in the Dell")
The UK’s fifth biggest food retailer and its largest mutual business, the Co-op took the step as an extension of its existing policy which had been not to source produce from illegal settlements that have been built on Palestinian territories in the West bank.
Sundays at 10 EST
Always looks for the best,
Thanks for all the support.
“This verse describes the beginning of a schism. When disciples do not stick to the principle of accepting the order of their spiritual master, immediately there are two opinions. Any opinion different from the opinion of the spiritual master is useless. One cannot infiltrate materially concocted ideas into spiritual advancement. That is deviation. There is no scope for adjusting spiritual advancement to material ideas.”
Here are the grey whites:
Then I add some salt and shredded cheese for more flavor.
3 tbs. olive oil
Surely there's an App for this, right?!
I had to stop in Central Square today to buy stamps. It was peaceful, standing there in line, waiting my turn. Looking down that long lobby, I was struck by how much I used to enjoy the post office growing up. The one in my hometown was a quiet, solemn space that had metal garage door-like shades, which came down over the windows when the clerks closed for the afternoon. I remember wandering around the lobby while my mother handled her errands. I loved peaking through the plastic doors of the post boxes to see how much mail was packed inside, wondering who these people were that didn’t use the mailbox at their own houses. I’d watch those who came toward me, hoping to see someone who could unlock the mystery of the tiny doors.
I sometimes go off on tangents. That reminds me of 2 days ago, as I tried to help a student with his mathematics. I's forgotten that a straight line leaving the centre of a circle, intersects the circumference of the circle at a tangent. I felt like such an idiot. Again.
16. All Day (Throwback)
what one searches only solidified its non-existence
the entire show.
The sequel to 2010′s Call of Duty: Black Ops will be released in November 13th, man that’s 3 months in a row having games I want. September Tekken Tag 2, October RE6 and now this.
James Mason got top billing and he turns in a typically smooth and graceful performance as the man whose lack of foresight has pitched his family into a nightmare. Without criticising his playing in any way, I’d say this is not one of Mason’s most memorable roles, perhaps because he’s handed an essentially passive role until late in proceedings. The more active duties were passed to Inger Stevens, and she handled them very well. Apart from the aforementioned race against the clock, she also had a couple of decidedly uncomfortable scenes where she has to deal with the unwanted attention of Neville Brand’s Benzedrine-addicted rapist. Brand nailed his character’s sleazy creepiness perfectly and the very real threat that he represents brought out both the vulnerability and resourcefulness of Stevens’ harried suburbanite. Rod Steiger’s tendency to chew up the scenery can be a little wearing if it’s given free rein, but he keeps himself under control most of the time here. The calmer face that he displays carries far more menace, in fact I’d say he gets the chilling, calculating quality of Hoplin spot on. Angie Dickinson and Jack Klugman round out the supporting cast nicely as Steiger’s increasingly anxious cohorts.
Many thanks to "Kagee1" for doing a great job of recording a couple of shows for me over christmas that I could not attend due the the birth of my 1st child! Ironically, this is 3 years to the day of their last Irish show. There may be one or two discrepancies in the track names, any corrections are welcome! Johnky
About 45 minutes later you will see them slightly wilted.
Let me be clear. It is not fucked up because six-year-olds are somehow entitled to free cupcakes. It is not fucked up because coloring a picture is beyond the grasp of your average six-year-old. Neither of those things are true, I will grant you that. No, it is fucked up because six-year-olds are just beginning to form their concept of what kind of place this world is. It is fucked up because six-year-olds have just reached the stage of development where they are noticing differences between themselves and other people. And you are teaching them that their willingness to color a picture of an anthropomorphic dog in a trenchcoat determines whether or not they are as worthy and deserving of enjoyable experiences, even of inclusion in important cultural rituals (in this case, a birthday), as other children their age. I did not learn any lessons about the value of hard work or following directions. Instead, I came out of this experience believing I was less-than, stupid, an outcast, a burden, and unwanted by one of the main people I had to trust to help me meet my basic needs. I believed that I was not as good, on some fundamental level, as the other children.
I started piecing the outline together and developing the characters around a month before the event started. I was pretty excited to try something new and developing a (sort of) new story, especially after the fun I had last year with NaNo. Having a lot of free time then helped the want of doing something, of being productive and work on personal projects.
we will look more like the candid, unretouched shots of these women.
For Halloween, I want my fellow teachers to dress like medical professionals and put a sign on our backs reading, “Staff” Infection. I don’t know why they just look at me like I have a third eye. I think it is funny.
The Leftist push via the SCOTUS and then expanding on that locally by the rather sparse certification for abortion clinics and NO review of them has been an absolute abandonment of the primary principle (human life begins at conception) on the secondary avenues of privacy and viability which have been conceded, absolutely and totally, to the Left. In the last decade some push-back on MINORS has happened, but that has been the extent of it, and has been thwarted by the SCOTUS 'privacy' finding.
3)Because of everything I’ve written the last four years I’d definitely stay away from Argentina! I don’t know if you kept up with the latest knews, Argentina just nationalized Spanish owned YPF and is threatening to nationalize other foreign companies. Crime is as bad as always if not worse, and inflation makes it more expensive to live in than USA. If that’s not bad enough the loss of freedom in Argentina has reached amazing proportions. You’re not allowed to buy foreing currency, you can’t even leave the country with dollars unless you can explain where you got them from, and I saved them up isn’t an explanation any more. My sister in law is telling me some horror stories. She’s trying to come here to visit and learning the latest “requirements” to be allowed to leave the country. Among others, you must have an USD account in Argentina so as to explain where you’re getting the money for the trip. I’d be surprised if 1/10 of the population has such an account, meaning that according to the books they can now restrict most people from leaving if they feel like doing so. The price for getting an Argentine passport for leaving te country doubled last week.
It's funny: I've never really been excited about spring or Easter as far as decorating or celebrating goes. But for some reason, this year it's different. This may or may not have something to do with Pinterest.
Do you know why E@L mentioned this incident, and the one linked to above, among the many others like them in his eight (8, count 'em) years here? Before he be accused of being specifically anti-Singaporean let it be known that the only place no-one comments on his weight and/or shape in is America, and not because Americans are inherently more polite. But because they are FUCKING FAT SLOBS, like E@L.
A few weeks ago, I saw an inquiry about a potato whiskey being made by a Colorado microdistillery. I assumed that the person asking the question was just using the term "whiskey" as shorthand because there could not legally be a potato whiskey.
My eternal President, Dr. Rolihlahla Nelson Mandela, in addressing this struggle, spoke about (at the opening of Parliament in 1999) the necessity of a RDP (Reconstruction and Development Plan) of the Soul.
They drive Mercedes-Benz and even Rolls Royce’s. They wear expensive jewelry and tailor-made designer clothes. Yet some who follow these false prophets have accused Christians of exposing them because they are jealous of them.
The following short story - 100% fiction - is my contribution to this months party at Splenderosa. Marsha's theme this month is spring in the garden, I have attempted to weave a tale around the theme. I beg your indulgence.
It was also over three hours long, made in 1954, and in subtitles. So it sat.
It was an honor to not only work with her to design the look of the invitation but to create the wording as well. Since it was all about home and family, I thought it fitting that the first thing the guest saw when they opened the box, were the words “Home is where the heart is.” These were hand lettered on Arches 140 lb. paper to match the invitation, trimmed with more of the rose ribbon and secured to the inside of the lid. A beautiful lace trimmed handkerchief monogrammed with the letter of the guests last name was attached to the front. ( Wish I had a pic of this!) A blush pink tag with the guests first name/s was then attached to the hankie.
That was an inside joke.. Jaxon says "crickets" all the time if there is a lapse in talking.
i called the foundary to see if i could swap the bent/wrong lamp for the lamp i ordered, but they didn't have any more left. (insert a very sad face from me and some begging to see if they knew who made it and where i could find it. they didn't. and then i proceeded to spend the next hour on the internet looking for an alternative that wasn't $400 with no luck.)
Edited by Calum Ross
After the speech, Dick Van Dyke gave her a peck on the cheek.
Larrion the Librarian today. Thanks for stopping by my post. The weekend is coming!!!!!
My brother and his wife are having a baby this summer and we are beyond excited that a baby boy will be joining the family. As much as we adore shopping for pink and bows, this new realm has been exciting.
P.S. If I got any information wrong, please feel free to message me, and I’ll have it corrected!
I found this little comic shared by one of my native friends from South Dakota.
3 handed
But he is best known for playing the 10th incarnation of the Doctor in Doctor Who.
“Better.”
Do not have fear, have faith.
The Bible word for those Jews who are set aside for God – who are still faithful and who still know the truth, even when the vast majority does not – is the “remnant.” The remnant is a special group, but it is still made up of people who are saved the same way anybody is saved: by grace through faith.
The later a baby is born, the more likely he is to survive. Almost 30 percent of babies born at 23 weeks of pregnancy survive, while about 50 to 60 percent of babies born at 24 weeks, about 75 percent born at 25 weeks, and more than 90 percent born at 27 to 28 weeks, survive (3,4,5).
This is my choice.
He out-bopped the buzzard and the oriol
For some reason E@L thinks more about clouds, both sides of them. The flurries of wind across the grass are not cloud shadows, though they could be. The arrangements of vines are not the remarkable chess-board of cotton puffs that clouds can appear from above, which the high winds have harmonized into wavelengths, regular in both directions. The first time he saw this uniformity, this pattern, at 35,000ft, he freaked. God did this?
Just looking through this shop's listings makes me happy. I love how happy and sweet these ruffly beauties are. Just one tucked in amongst a bunch of different pillows on a couch would be great.
Today? I came home and couldn’t sit down, I went directly into the garden, left out the off-license, prepared my dinner in ten minutes – one slice of brown bread, 150 g of courgette, 150 g chicken breast, 100 g peas, and after I’ve finished to eat it, I started to check out my books on the kindle and to look after a movie on my hard disk, I could watch right after dinner. It was still 6:30 PM!!!!!
Now we go forth to receive what the earth and the sea never gave us,
still in excellent condition
Having just moved to the area, I found out the village in which I now live was holding a 'village show', so I thought I'd try my luck! And boy, I think I'd need a lot of luck to impress these judges! Lots of lovely cakes on offer and I was the inexperienced newbie.
Sunset in Rome, pretty late on a summer evening. We were walking back from Bocca della Verita (the mouth of truth, remember Roman holiday?), in search of a change from Italian food (imagine!), and just a little gloomy about having to leave Rome the next morning.
Oh well, that’s all. Had a fun day, saw lots of cards and plan on seeing some more tomorrow.
Circumstantial Luck: This is luck relating to the circumstances in which one finds oneself. The classic example here being those who found themselves living in Nazi Germany in the 1930s. They likely did things that many of us would do (follow authority, act in their own self-interest) only they did so in appalling circumstances, circumstances which were outside of their control but made them complicit in an atrocity.
the window is open
I stamped the whole frame with the sign stamp from Remnants in black stazon. The balloon and small elements were stamped onto the off cut centre piece, cut out and everything shrunk.
Life has decided to kick my family in the face, for some reason. I don’t know why. It just has. I kinda wish it’d stop being a bully about it.
Meanwhile the killers have their own ideas, sending one of their guys to be on the lookout in case Hex decides to ambush them. Eventually Jonah does sneak up behind the killers and as he lights a stick of dynamite, one of the gunmen steps out of the shadows and is about to shoot Hex. Suddenly the thug falls, dead from Cindy' rifle shot. Jonah then tosses the dynamite and finishes off the remaining three.
People make the world go round
Further study, it will be interesting to do measures of the urine over time of repeated ionic foot baths…. Dorothea are you up for it?
What’s your favourite movie?
Blood Pressure - 122/82
What I miss: my bed
Kilt him a b'ar when he was only three.
This SIM tray also confirms that the new iDevice may not even hone the mini nano-sim card that apple has been developing for such a long period of time.
You only have six weeks of school left!! Time will fly by. In addition to the above mentioned project I expect all students (not just graphic design students) to complete the following before the end of school (deadlines will be given at a future time):
-Punk sent into the chair in the corner for a 2 count.
"Oh, you’re sure to do that," said the Cat, "if you only walk long enough."
You don't have to go crazy decoing everything for it to look Hime. In fact, originally, Himegyaru is a very subtle and elegant style (well...I wouldn't say subtle! But you get my point, it's not all shitloads of pearls and lace...), just check out this Himegyaru truck driver who transformed her room into a modern day Rococo chateau! (also check out Keiko Mizoe's hair in the later part of the show!! Inspiration much?!)
I thought she’s about as much my relative as the garden squash, and has the same linguistic capabilities.
Made a startling rendition
Just click OK and you should be fine. If you’d prefer to use the Google Voice phone number(s) for your DID(s), I’ll tell you how you can do that at the end of this article, but I suggest you get at least one Google Voice number working the way I’ve shown here so you know that it works (it will be easy to change the DID later).
In this, the first part, I'll be covering the first step and sometimes the hardest: figuring out what to do to the item of clothing.
Tolley would only lead Elon for five seasons; he had already decided that he did not want to coach past the age of 40. In his final two years, Elon would win consecutive NAIA national championships. Tolley’s career record as a head coach: 49-11-2.
Currently, 5tion is performing their new song “Papillion.”
Too late to do anything except get indigested, I agonized over what I hadn’t known about taxes on partnerships. My lack of curiosity had probably caused the tax man to cometh with a bigger bag. The CPA recommended using something called a SEPP investment account which reduces the amount Max and Manuel have to pay the IRS and gives them something toward their retirement. That mitigated but didn’t absolve my guilt.
My top three favs:
So, all of this in a very roundabout way brings me to an exciting piece of news I want to share, that I recently signed to publish two books with MIRA. The first, Evidence of Life, will come out in April of 2013 and the second in March of 2014. I am thrilled. Of course, I wanted to express my gratitude to my wonderful agent, Barbara Poelle. I looked it up and found a bouquet of full-bloom roses is significant of gratitude and so I sent her exactly that. I could have sent only pale pink roses or wood sorrel to convey joy, or, gooseberries for anticipation. The meanings depend on the source you consult.
I quit my job and decided to go back to school. To sort of finish what I started all those years ago.
Heaven knows I’m Miserable Now – The Smiths (1984)
I started this paper mache project a few weeks ago when there was just so much going on in the house that I could not find a solid block of time in which to paint. After searching the internet for paper mache recipes and ideas, I settled on trying to make some pomegranates and a bowl. It was a glorious mess... a sticky, doughy, pasty, papery, floury mess all over the kitchen. I started with packing newsprint and wadded it into balls, then taped the paper together with masking tape. Then I cut toilet paper tubes for the crowns and taped them on the balls. The paper mache recipe includes toilet paper, joint compound, flour, water, glue and salt. It had the texture and look of a crab dip. And it stuck to my hands and fingers like a crab dip would. But it was really fun to make such a mess. For the bowl and the bird (which I haven't finished yet), I used paper strips first, then the joint compound mixture on top of that. When everything was thoroughly dry, I gessoed and painted the bowl and the fruit, then finished it all with a couple coats of Mod Podge. My friend, Katie, saw the project before anything was painted, and made two suggestions. One was to use a little bit of gold paint to add a glint, and I could not for the life of me remember the second suggestion. But I'm sure it was good! Anyhow, I did edge some of the crowns with gold and the 'seeds' are edged as well. Hard to see in the photos, but it was a great suggestion, Katie... thank you!
Over the last 100 years, the Atlantic Coast has eroded on average 2 to 3 feet a year, said Stephen P. Leatherman, director of the Laboratory for Coastal Research at the University of Maryland. The average yearly erosion on the Gulf Coast is 4 to 5 feet, he said, and in some places, it is much worse. The south shore of Martha’s Vineyard is losing about 10 feet a year, while Cape Hatteras, N.C., is losing 12 to 15 feet, and Louisiana is losing 30 to 50 feet a year.
Nick Markakis 2011 A&G BAT
He's best known as the founder of Mute Records.
A very BIG thank you to all that participated.
Maybe this is overused and totally a duh kind of moment. But I feel like so many times when people talk about having open communication with each other they are solely referring to romantic or friend relationships. While that is a huge factor in those specific bonds, I believe that every relationship in our lives should have open lines of communication. Whether its with your boss, co-workers, parents, kids, students, students' parents, students' teachers, friends, romantic partners, etc. And its amazing to see how great a relationship and situation can be when the lines of communication are safe and open.
#1: Thinking any legal problems can be solved later.
Sad to say I didn't get an after picture, maybe because I took 6 down to PoPo, I ate 3 (yes I confess I ate 3 of them), and the other 3 my parents ate. I'm telling you these things were VERY good and I didn't even have vanilla ice cream to put on them.
Hey everyone! :) Sorry I didn't given you a notice about me not being on here for a while...life has just been crazy busy! Here's a rundown:
According to research, Washington wines are distinct due to their intense fruity flavor and aromas.
Incidentally, Ephesus no longer exists, because silt from the river flowing through the city built up to such an extent that it ruined the city and its harbour.
There are obviously sexist men in the western world, and I don’t agree with their attitude towards women either. Women are not here to kiss your ass and do everything for you just because they are women.
According to Lehane, Parker also revolutionized the genre by incorporating topical issues and humor.
He guides me in the paths of righteousness
The glory of a thousand years
Thanks for coming back to this little blog even though the posts aren't filled with magazine worthy photos.
I’m going through my older files and pulling some things that I had written long ago and moving them to this blog. This covers the Nitrogen Cycle and how it impacts an aquarium. Enjoy.
not only averted war between Bagdad and
All it took was one day. One day something was said to me by ‘ex-spouse’ that flipped a switch inside of me. That one day changed my life FOR-EVER. I made the decision in that very moment that I was done. I was done letting my kids be trampled. I was done letting myself be put down every day. I was done with all of it.
I am from sweet, soft voiced childlike renditions of Jesus Loves Me. And knowing in my knower that it was true. And what's more, He loves you too. And if we all accepted that, what a wonderful world it could be.
I just finished up The Last Song-Nicholas Sparks at the beginning of the week and I have to say that this book was a very easy read. It held my attention and left me not wanting to put the book down. Kyley and I were reading this book together (however she has still not completed it) because there is a movie coming out based on this book, and following the rule of our house we had to read this prior to seeing the movie.
The comments on articles related to the possibility of cougars in the East makes one thing clear—it’s an emotional issue with many partisans believing in or hoping for the cougar’s resurgence. Quite apart from those individuals who have seen or believe they have seen cougars, there are many more people who are passionately rooting for the return of the cougars to the East.
But, we rarely plan for anything off our 40 acres.
but instead, outside on my deck or puttering around in my garden.
It doesn’t matter if it’s fiction or non-fiction.
Do you ever think that Christmas trees seem to eat all the decorations? I had so many laid out ready to hang....and now that they are up...... there are still bare branches....
1-1/3 cup all purpose flour
4:01 A.M. AFT
- alcohol
sound like Michael Moore
Imposing measures intended to prevent births within the targeted group
In a bizarre turn of karma, Edge was struck down by injury and this allowed the Great Khali to win a Battle Royal and the title, which he then dropped to Batista, who in turn lost to a returning Edge, who had by this time screwed the Undertaker again. Taker dominated an Elimination Chamber match with some proper monsters to earn his title shot and, by this time, the fans were gagging to see Edge gets his backside kicked all over Orlando.
Sir Ralph bent over from the boat,
I really liked this book! I was really looking forward to reading it, being a huge urban fantasy fan and having wanted to try out Jeri Smith-Ready's adult series previously, and it was so good!
Apologist, author, speaker, and pastor, Jonathan Morrow has written one of the most important books in recent memory. An essential read for all Christians, but even more so for pastors, youth pastors, and lay leaders in the church.
Ronald Comer, 56, Northport, N.Y.
See? If we all just make stuff nobody hates, loves, reacts to or ignores, the gravy train keeps on a-chuffin'. Stop trying to fuck it up. Now, off you go and make me an ad with a cute toddler and a ball of wool in it or something.
Eulex, seized by panic over its obligation to act on these allegations, at first said that it knew nothing of them, and challenged Marty to show his evidence. Only when pressed hard by Marty, Brussels and the foreign media did Eulex announce an investigation into the matter.
Is travel good for paradigm puncturing? Culture clash awareness? This video absolutely gives me the heeby jeebies. Is this what it's like to go through the looking glass and land in another country?
"Damnit!" I shouted, releasing my first clip and slapping in another.
So… I know I need to sort myself out – right here, right now! I’ve got some stuff going on in my life that is making me really unhappy – this is having a major impact on my mental wellbeing – I can feel the cloud of depression hovering perilously close – I can’t afford to let it take over – so I’m not going to let it! I’m going out for a walk, even though it’s raining – and I’m taking my notebook with me and hopefully, I’ll get some words down on paper – it’s been so long since I’ve written anything creatively, I know it will help – so that’s the plan!
During my stint, I urged users to follow the national advice for everyone to use their library cards to take out their full complement of books.The librarian (I had of course checked with her) had said that was twenty each. You can see how enthusiastically some of the teenagers took up this idea.
Over and over again, Scripture bids us to remember and to declare the things that God has done to the next generation. This is not simply teaching one’s children Bible stories and theology–this is inclusive of all subjects.
We headed up the coast on Sunday evening to visit a couple of PB's old mates (and their spectacularly overgrown never-ending yard) and stopped by The Beetle Shack on our way back to Sydney. I was telling Em that lately I feel like I have nothing to blog about. Adventures are few and far between, and when they do happen pulling out the camera feels intrusive. Besides our trip up north, recent un-photographed events include an epic garage sale that Jill and I planned for weeks, and totally flopped on the day. Never mind, Manly markets here we come.
It is unknown whether Hammer and Haile will appeal.
My next thought was “I’m sure glad I didn’t trim off the brown leaves and ugly long stems.”
Stakes Ale (Premium ale) 4.6% ABV
You know you´re heterosexual when even stupid ugly guy that you really despise makes you think about sex. You wonder what his cock looks like and if it would stretch you and if his ugliness would somehow be an advantage during sex like some sort of exotic addition to spice things up. And then you have to focus on work and you´re all like ”What´s wrong with me?”
Not a lot, but perhaps one of the following: a litre of milk (almost), a loaf of cheap bread, a tin of tomatoes, 3 eggs, four small Cadburys chocolate frogs (almost). But none of these will last as long as a book.
Place tomatoes on grill. After about 10 minutes, add the jalapenos. In about 10 minutes, turn the tomatoes and peppers. When almost all of the surface of the peppers are black, remove them from the grill. The tomatoes will turn partially black, but when the skin begins to come off they are done. Remove from grill to a bowl.
The role of pension plans however is to avoid “unfunded liabilities” so they are more inclined to speak frankly to their members when risks increase.
—Anansi Does the Impossible! An Ashanti Tale, retold by Verna Aardema, illustrated by Lisa Desimini—another retelling of how Anansi claims the stories from the Sky God so that the people on earth can enjoy them.
o Write about a nonfiction book for kids next Monday on your blog.
A couple of years ago, we introduced you to our neighbour, M. de la Rue. Once again it's that time of the year when he arrives at our door with cherries from his garden. This year because of the exceptionally hot spring, he's turned up a little earlier than usual. And with more cherries than ever before!
By the way, the (botanically-incorrect) hyacinth on the plate was made by rolling fondant into an egg shape, if you will. Next, the stem and leaves were added. Then I cut out gazillions of tiny flowers and glued them onto the fondant egg with a paste made from Gum Arabic.
of thinking you're succeeding -
Please tell me your ideas. I'm really trying to organize my supplies, so I don't wind up dyeing colors that I don't need. What works for you? Or is it hopeless!!!????!!!
What did you get for Christmas?
As the curtain came down on the ballet, so it did on the success of Operation Audio Escape. You see, all plans have at least one fatal flaw. My plan's flaw was as simple as it was devastating. Once the lights came on, I turned asked my wife how was the show and her response was a "9th level of hell icy stare of death". You ask why? I had forgotten to take the ear bud out! BUSTED!!!!!
Tonight at dinner Mya told us all she was thankful for and as the list has always stated, she is thankful for Bozzy Cat and you, you, you and you as she pointed at our dinner table.
Will there be a fight, a siege, an ambush? Will the protestors march out of Bowling Green station and force the buildings shut, put a sledge hammer to the stock exchange building? Will the gates get boarded up? Will Wall Street be shut down? Will the bankers be sent home in shame on the new jersey transit so they can drink beer and not bet on football as they wait for summons and subpoenas on fraud and economic crimes against humanity? Will the yuppie bankers with the million dollar flats in Soho go into refugee camps in Pennsylvania?
Our first day of fasting and prayer will be held the Tuesday after Resurrection Sunday, which is April 10th. We will start out with just one day and then possibly fast longer in the future.
Which Cycle
“What?” said Rayanne.
carried by the breath of a thousand dying suns
I Could sleep thinking of a plow,
It seems like homebirth is becoming trendy.
i was expecting the new computer ryan was building for christmas... but when ryan came down stairs to start breakfast he pulled out a present from the "spider closet" (which i am sure is pretty self explanatory) and put it under the tree before i saw. he said it was from santa.
It’s a disturbing (1984) move which looks to be started with the PIIG nations first. Lets face it, their citizens have more things to worry about right now. The trend looks to be moving toward an electronic system controlled by the banks of course. More control by the banking system never ends well.
What a way to start off the day.
(Optional - add 1 cup chopped nuts)
