Malmgren, Carl D. “Truth, Justice, the American Way: Martha Grimes and Elizabeth George.” Clues 21, no. 2 (2000): 47-56.
NAB booth #SU11614
Yes, times have changed. We are a more mobile society. We communicate via cell phones and e-mail and Facebook and other social media. But not everyone. In these small towns—the ones where the Postal Service initially considered shuttering post offices—many elderly residents don’t own computers, relying instead on old-fashioned mail delivery to pay bills and send letters and hear from loved ones. The post office is vital to their system of communication.
red as desire.
Bodybuilder & Sportsman has officially changed its name to Tony Wight, with a new website and all. It’s kind of sad. Bodybuilder & Sportsman was a good name, and galleries named after the name of who owns them get kind of tedious.
Labour productivity has not remotely kept pace with China or the Asian tigers, which is why industrial output has almost halved to 14.6pc of GDP, a level last seen before the great industrialization drive of the of late 1950s. The country is becoming 'post-industrial' before it is rich.
Create a colorful, ease filled, positive, abundant life experience. It is all up to you…use your thoughts my friend.
“I don’t feel fine at all.”
And it’s weird, but in the slowly-emerging picture of our narrator’s old life… she doesn’t sound like a coward. In fact, I keep picturing Steve McQueen. Steve might be dismayed that I have mentally cast him as a tiny Scottish blonde, but there is a clear Steve McQueen vibe coming through in her attitude. Specifically, Steve McQueen in The Great Escape: cracking wise, mouthing off, locked up in the cooler with his baseball and biding his time until the next escape attempt.
Well, no. To be honest, I've always been a bit this way! I think it stems from being brought up an only child - I liked to play alone, and I'm very happy in my own company. Probably too happy - when it gets to the stage that you feel irritated at your mates for inviting you out, maybe it's gone too far. Anyone know how to pull me out if the cave?
1 played
Really, there’s not a lot to be said about this chapter. I notice very few women… no, wait, make that none, other than some anonymous daughters. I also find it interesting that there seems to be a correlation between how long they waited to have children and their overall lifespan, as well as just how long their lifespans were purported to be. It is an interesting comparison with our modern-day lives, where lifespans are generally on the rise, but typically fall short of 120 (found in Genesis 6:3).
In the email below, sent in January of 2011, McGinniss reveals that his manuscript, then under legal review at Crown/Random House, could not prove its most headline-grabbing allegations. And yet, many of these “salacious stories” that lacked “proof” (in McGinniss’s own words) ended up in the book, and on televisions everywhere during the author’s current media tour … without proper sourcing, and without any apparent new evidence to support them.
We have also done some shape matching. I use pattern blocks and let them explore the shapes. Then I sing a little song and see if they can match my shape! They do a great job of finding the correct shape for the song!
Cricut: Kate's ABC's (book, lists) cut at 1.25-inches and Martha Stewart All Occasion Cake Art (A, Of) cut at 1-inch
Anyway..(!) back to the post in hand! A few weeks ago I finally gave in and ordered my longed-after name necklace! I already have a silver one ('Niki') that I got as a bargain on ebay, but I really wanted a 9CT gold one with my full name!
Mary Sue: An idealized character, often perceived as representing the author. When male, called “Gary Stu.” Sometimes found in original fiction.
Our meal was prefaced by a trio of olives and olive tapenades that came with a basket of bread. In my experience, one of the most reliable early signs of how good the food will be at a restaurant, is the quality of their bread - if they take the care to ensure it is fresh, and served at the right temperature, it says 'anticipate great things ahead'. Olives served up a basket of cold bread that tasted like they were baked at least a day ahead of time. The tapenades were far too briny, and had a bitter aftertaste, which is unfortunate as you would reasonably expect any dish that served as / came of the restaurant's namesake would be served at a much higher standard than the rest of its menu. Thankfully, this hors d'oeuvre was free.
I really loved the photo ideas gleaned from seeing other people's blogs.
But of course he was given the Award for none of the conventional reasons listed above. He was given it for the scale of his ambition in peace. For potential. For what might be. For his ‘will’.
► 2011 (145)
Skin white (E00) and Fruit pink (E02)
Combine first 9 ingredients and toss gently. Let stand 30 minutes before serving.
Am I the only who thinks winter has flown by this year? I can hardly believe that spring is here - but it really is! My garden in bursting with life now and the bulbs are looking a treat. One of my favourite spring flowers is the hyacinth with its heavenly scent, and I like to have pots of them round the house. I was playing around with my Fruit and Flowers stamp set the other day and came up with a way of stamping hyacinths too! Come and have a look:
The second reason that you might want to change people is to take care of critical needs.
I never want to see her cry
What offerings is the LORD looking for? (The LORD is looking for the materials that will be needed for the tabernacle which will be built later.)
September 1999; Aotearoa, New Zealand,
I received this cute little pillow from Etta. I just love the colors!
Justin Mauer – Guitar, Vocals
(Of course there are loads of other things you could say if you want to evangelize, but these are pass-the-bean-dip answers for the people you DON'T want to argue with.)
The organisation further assists participating schools to provide their students with meals through the ‘take-home rations programme’ as free school meals are usually the only nourishment they receive all day. In 2008 due to the high food price crisis, the World Food programme increased its school meals projects and reached 5 million children and their families in 14 countries.
This journey of grief in so many ways is a privilege. I feel honored to walk this road and to learn more about my Savior and about my family. I feel blessed to have loved Samuel so much that his absence is deeply painful. And I feel so inexpressibly grateful for Samuel's life. It is among the greatest gifts of my life. And I think this road will be perpetually refining, and for that I am also truly thankful.
chopped cilantro and Sriracha chili sauce, to taste
It’s obvious that someone has had one too many bowls of Count Chocula or watched far too many episodes of those blood sucking vampire dramas on TV. This week police officials in Galveston, Texas reported that (an obviously mentally disturbed) 19-year old “drakul” wanna-be named Lyle Monroe Bensley broke into a woman’s apartment and proceeded to hiss and growl whilst biting and hitting her in her bed.
I often find myself doing tasks in the studio that involve multiple skills, steps or focus. It is just part of the nature of the beast of putting constructions together, that forces us to wait for one step to be completed before another is started. Multitasking is nothing new. Multi-focus is the skill that is in question. Being able to move from one task to another quickly is productive if you are organized, goal-oriented, and patient.
Despite my complaints about the thread size, this really is a fun pattern to work. I think it's very clever how Marilee uses sets of half stitches to move the working thread around the core, thus enabling you to make floating rings on both sides of the chain. This way the line down the middle of the plowshare remains smooth because the core thread is not interrupted by having to make rings with it. Very smart design idea; I'll probably steal it someday!
today started with beer assembly. Eva was the master of the speech what is recorded in video – coming soon. this is going to be every day’s tradition from now. maybe it’s gonna be extended as well as an evening assembly before evening task(girls, boys, talks, dances etc.)
Every day I have to frustrate myself reading some valuable input just to have it corrupted by some corrupted PERSONAL interpretation of the Bible by either a Christian or a non-Christian.
But time moves on and time heals. I got to 16 and another family trip loomed. It was 1979 and the ski world had moved on too. Great new shorter skis made of lighter, more flexible synthetics – new clip in bindings, new clip boots. Things were looking up. I took my Dynastar Pulsars, I took a friend. We went to Argentiѐre, the skiing mecca at the top of the Chamonix valley – where the British first ‘invented’ skiing. It was April and the sun shone. We had a groovy young instructor who carried a packet of biscuits in the kangaroo pouch on the front of his jacket. He taught us stem-christies till they were ingrained forever. The stem-christie – the tool of survival on the ski slope. It teaches you all you need to know about pole placement, forward stance, ‘bending ze knees’ and standing up around your turn – in short, the techniques which stand you in good stead for the rest of your skiing life. From there I never looked back.
* 1 teaspoon garlic, finely minced
It's not easy to find a copy of No Blade of Grass in the United States these days, in spite of the recent explosion of end of the world fiction, but it is well worth the effort.
What is most noticeable about his captivity is that he got injured by a land mine when they got caught and he has now a lot of shrapnel running through his system. He meets a doctor- luckily- in his captivity, who designs a magnetic chest plate that will keep the shrapnel from entering his heart and killing him.
Had it not been for one lawyer with a text book on DNA spending hour upon hour pouring over page after page of raw data, Nifong's conspiracy to hide the results might never have been exposed, would an overworked public defender have the time to do that? Indeed, had the accused not been the “Perfect offenders” as Duke professor Wahneema Lubiano had called them, they would not have been able to pay the lawyers who proved their innocence, something which almost bankrupted one of these so called, “privileged families”.
Mother to Erykah, age 10, with another daughter due November 3rd
10: Lights Out - 3:59
This pregnancy has brought up many fearful emotions in me, I think I’m going to talk to the midwife or GP about it – I have a feeling it’s related to fear of birth, but I keep having scary dreams and worrying about Joni a lot more than usual. In fact, I’m going to go and check on her now.
So what am I going to do about it? Well the answer is slapping me in the face, isn’t it? Just get writing, Julie. Write when I can be bothered and write when I can’t. Just bloody write!
The rest is not self explanatory by me. So, if you want me to come over and play....
We are adding more all the time, so be sure to FAVOURITE/BOOKMARK this link to check back every day to see what's new - later this weekeend even: Favourite/Bookmark This Link To Always See What's NEW!!
In principle, the postal ballot system must ensure the facility is available to all and mandatory to none. The EC must attempt to the best of its abilities to uphold voters’ rights and reduce disenfranchisement.
Have a look at the recent blog series by Chris Poel, lead brewer at Baird Beer in Numazu, Japan, for what he calls a "reality check." He kept a diary of his daily tasks in the brewery over five days, and it is sobering reading. Walk along with Chris as he scrambles to complete countless brewing jobs both big and small, and you may be surprised at how few of them actually involve the brewing process.
Box office: 01524 598500
Allison Giordano is no ambulance chaser. With a briefcase in her hand and three inch pumps on her feet, she’s ready to show the “old school” boys a thing or two about personal injury law.
So take a moment now my dear
Where's the beer, or the airline, or the fast food joint, or the pick-up truck, or the cell phone, or the hotel chain, or the yogurt, or the sneakers, or the soda, or the car insurance, or the bank, or the...am I boring you?... that have been built with web-centric "lightweight interactions?"
Publication date: mid April 2012
Aaaaamen! ♫ ♪ ♫
We are great lovers of turkey burgers, so I thought I would create a tasty turkey burger. We also love hot Buffalo Wings, but they are bad, bad, bad for you. All that fat and skin, is a no no. I decided that I would try to create a tasty turkey burger which would encompass a lot of the delicious flavours from Buffalo Wings and yet at the same time remain relatively healthy.
On buying our French house fourteen years ago, we installed two of these new conservation lavs. When you do the same, one or more of the following will happen: (1) the woefully inadequate small plunger mechanism atop the inner tower will break (2) the inner tower itself will shear in any one of a dozen places where cheap plastic has been used (3) an inexplicable Outer Limits effect will turn the long and short flushes the other way round (4) the tower goes down, but refuses to come back up again, and (5) the refill gets out of sync, thus wasting whole reservoirs of water as the loo continues to flush long after one’s business is finished.
German PMI manufacturing came in at 46.2 in April vs. 46.3 expected and 48.4 previous. It’s a 33-month low.
1/4 cup tomato paste
Many times I visit blogs where I have to look for the "follow" button. I've also visited blogs that have their store information below the fold and in so doing the reader is not likely to see it much less take action. Blogs are selling tools and we as the "designer" must place our action tools where our customers can readily see and act.
“I will not keep Americans in harm’s way a single day longer than is absolutely required for our national security,” Mr Obama said. “But we must finish the job we started in Afghanistan, and end this war responsibly.”
Until next time, I'll be working on getting work and commenting your lovely pages.
How did I get such peace? I heard the voice again. “Peace” I leave with you, My peace I give to you; not as the world gives do I give to you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. (John 14:27). In the midst of messy circumstances, I had received a little peace. My heart was no longer troubled and I was no longer afraid. Peace had strengthened me. I was prepared to handle what was ahead.
“A million bucks”
Continuing in the same vein, I found this video recently, of art from all over the world depicting the baby Jesus nursing. I'm not Christian in the slightest, but that didn't make me find this art, or what it says about the cultures that created it, any less lovely. From the blog, Peaceful Parenting, that created this video:
Instead of running out at the beginning of each season to replace warm-weather clothes with cold-weather ones, try extending the life of warm weather clothes with layering techniques. Here are some ideas:
Last week on Katie’s 16th birthday, I discovered an unexpected blessing that had been tucked away in a cardboard container of my mother’s things. A jewelry box with three pearl pins! I gave one to Melissa as a belated 16th birthday gift, and I presented one to Katie for her 16th birthday. This Mother’s Day, I will wear my mother’s pearl pin as a tangible reminder that a mother’s love (and a grandmother’s love) is an everlasting gift from God.
Ah yes, ‘twas not from the wind I took my own fair skin.
I feel closest to God in nature, alone with the creatures of this world! I feel at one with the Universe, when hanging out with my children and grandchildren.
The singer gave credit to her boyfriend Simon helping her to recover after her surgery. Adele said: “He’s wonderful. And he’s proud of me, but he don’t care about what I do or what other people think. He looks after me. I don’t think I would have gotten through the recovery for my surgery if it hadn’t been for him.”
Benson & Farrell by George Benson and Joe Farrell: This beautiful, near-perfect pairing of guitarist George Benson, in his last CTI recording, and flautist Joe Farrell, is sumptuous fusion jazz at its very best. Benson and Farrell are matched so perfectly here, it’s a wonder it didn't happen sooner - or more frequently (despite their beautiful collaborations on Benson's previous Good King Bad). Matthews wrote five of the six songs, including the bracing "Camel Hump" (with Farrell adding a soprano solo) and an above-average arrangement of "Old Devil Moon," on this regrettably forgotten album. All are worth hearing. But "Flute Song," which can also be heard in a slightly different Matthews arrangement on Art Farmer's 1977 CTI album Something You Got, is pure magic. A keeper.
I will accept names from 6 a.m. to midnight Thursday and then start the flagging and eating Friday. And yes, I will show ya'll the baked product with all the little named flags before the chowing begins. Fun, Fun!!! I will probably have 2 or 3 mugs that you can even choose from.
The hatch for the pop can be opened easily by hand, but I added a simple pulley type system, so the kids can open and close the hatch, it's just a bit of string and a couple of hooks.
We all have a shelf life. We can only put forth our marinated hearts for so long before they, too, become rancid. Even your grandmother wouldn’t know what to do with them.
Up next: the Halves break off!
A certain amount of staring is needed to get the problem fixed in my mind. This can often be achieved by pinpointing exactly why your proposed solutions so far suck. But after that, I have to count on peripheral vision--the answer that is handed to you when you are apparently paying attention to something else.
You won't regret it, no matter the sacrifices.
Expect many tales & photos on our return.
THE XX – SHELTER (THEM JEANS DRUM EDIT)
As I keep saying, its a fab course but I don't 'get' all of it at this time but Ive taken what I can from it, and turned it into something I can use now.....the course is always available once you've paid, so I think its something I'm going to have to go back to again in some months time and give it another bash.
Meyer died at his home in the Hollywood Hills, of complications of pneumonia and dementia, on September 18, 2004. Meyer's grave is located at Stockton Rural Cemetery, Stockton, San Joaquin County, California. His headstone reads:
King, you asked about our well-wishers in their dear city. Bewildered by the curse of scholars, they killed each other with their own hands. They were so drunk from liquor and wine that they couldn’t even recognize each other. Only four or five survived.
a. Organize your notes into bullet points
Time: 30 minutes
- Add tomatoes, red chillies, paprika, turmeric, curry powder and salt. Stir for 5 minutes.
As if those figures aren’t daunting enough, 2010 showed a 49% success rate of Daubert challenges to expert witnesses of all types, either in whole or part. The good news, if there is any, is that the percentage of successful challenges remained fairly stable over the first decade of 2000.
Then they team up with this chick named Nicole who used to advertise for The Stuff, I guess, but was turned over to Mo's side in an instant by his charm and character…or maybe just because she has the personality of a piece of cardboard and is incapable of making her own decisions. Either way. They go to the plant where The Stuff is created and leave Jason on an airplane. He almost gets killed by The Stuff, so he runs away and…okay, time for another guessing game.
Last night after going through my vanity drawers I found an entire collection of Powdered Milk!!! I have been wanting to take a bath in Milk for a long time but never got around to doing it- or remembering anyway. So I decided to try it on my face instead. Cleopatra was famous for her beautiful skin. Her secret was that she soaked in baths of fresh milk. "Modern laboratories now know why milk worked such wonders for her skin: the lactic acid in milk is an alpha hydroxy acid, a natural material that dissolves the glue that holds dead skin cells together. Milk can cleanse the skin down to its deepest layers." I didn't know all this before actually apply the milk to my skin, but this definitely explains why my skin felt and looked so amazing after taking it off. You can get powdered milk anywhere and it is so cheap and so far everyone on the internet raves about its effects.
*J & H both love, love their new schools, when this all came about 2 weeks before school started I was unhappy, but now I think it was for the best. J is excelling in her classes, she got all A's on her progress report and couldn't be happier. H loves her teacher and new school and is doing just as well.
When I was in college, my lowest weight was 124! That’s nearly ten pounds difference! Granted, it was during a Lenten fast (no sugar or caffeine, urg), and I bounced back up to my normal 127ish after I was off.
Thanks to all who joined us for our "It's a man's world" challenge last week. One of our busier week's - and you all say you hate doing male cards!
April is an exciting month here at Scrapbook Stamp Society. We have a fun giveaway. Would you like to win a Sizzix Texture Boutique? Throughout the month of April enter our Special challenge using Any stamp from Scrapbook Stamp Society purchased that month and be elligible to win. Enter up to 1 card or project per image. The more times you enter, the better your chances of winning.
In conclusion, Slated is a sophisticated, intelligent, thought-provoking dystopian thriller that I would highly-recommend. Watch out Suzanne Collins and Sophie McKenzie, there’s a new writer in town and I predict great things for Teri Terry. I think she’s a writer to watch and I hope to see many awards won and hopefully, sometime soon, Slated, the movie.
Hello and happy Tuesday stamping friends! Hope you all had a fabulous Easter celebration! I have a quick post for you today. I made a Dog Sympathy card the other day with one of the newly released stamps over at Our Daily Bread Designs called "Dog Sympathy".
I defy you to name the books and authors whence the previous examples came. (Don't mind me. I'm practicing my Oulde English.) The good news about all this is that I now have quite a reading list. Despite my irreverent thrashing above, I liked almost everything we read and wanted to read more than the bits and pieces we sampled.
She’s smart. She gets that from both of us (if she has the average of our IQ’s, that would be 178). She’s already learned how to smile and laugh. She’s observing and interacting. Her gaze following us around the room. Eye pointing and reaching out to what she wants.
and Divinty hears our prayer;
Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.
So, the upshot of all of the above is I guess I'm due to have my head examined by a professional. I don't think anything will happen before Christmas, but I've got quite enough to be doing between now and New Years. I think I'll need January as a rest month. What about you? All sorted yet? Larks, I've not even begun the wrapping.
R & D also have a very nice view and this is one of the oaks they see daily.
So, the best I can do now is tell myself NO MORE!
Is ADHD Overdiagnosed?
“We are not afraid to lose if losing means our integrity and principles remain with us. Our numbers have tripled in this election and we have already won. We have spread the message of individual liberty far and wide. Ron Paul has inspired the liberty movement in Africa, in Europe, even in Korea. Only a third of American colonists believed that the Revolutionary War was necessary and they changed the course of history forever.
"I had drifted in and out. He might have been there an hour before I noticed him." "You're going to die out here, he said." "He didn't say it to frighten me." "He just said it."
“We are realizing very swiftly that the only way to stand up against these cowardly gangsters and brutal thugs, who prey on the decent and largely defenceless public, relying largely on our fear and our apathy, is to become involved in defending our communities in any way that we can”. “By joining the CPF and getting on the mailing list that’ll keep you up to date on what’s really happening in your community in the fight against crime.
For those unaware, John Wooden was the head basketball coach at UCLA for 27 years – from 1948 – 1975. During that time he won ten NCAA national championships in a 12-year period — seven in a row. Within that period, his teams won a record 88 consecutive games. He was named national coach of the year six times. He was without question the greatest coach in college basketball history.
That you control that completely.
Jill Jonnes, “What Is a Tree Worth?,” The Wilson Quarterly 35, No. 1 (2011).
Now that quite a few people have read The Mapmaker and the Ghost, I feel like I can finally share my dreamcast for the (maybe-one-day-there'll-actually-be-a) movie!
2pm, headache.
The words that maketh murder
According to the florist’s brochure, which he’d removed from the plant and tossed into the trash, each trap on a Venus Fly Trap takes approximately ten (10) days to fully digest prey caught in its lobes.
The prize:
I believe it seats up to 7. Hmmm, which kid should we leave behind...
The Cayenne GTS sits between the Cayenne S and the Cayenne Turbo in the range, with an uprated 4.8-litre V8 engine producing 420hp. It made its debut at the Bejing Auto Show in April, and already we can’t wait to rev the engine of this one: the Cayenne GTS can sprint from a standing start to 62mph in 5.7 seconds, reaching 100mph in 13.3 seconds.
Oí Gee família!
Which is possibly what a reviewer would say.
Scottish Welfare Reform committee 24/04/2012
has just become an evil person who wants to destroy your life….
Vartianen T, Kartovaara L, Tuomisto J. Environmental chemicals and changes in sex ratio: analysis over 250 years in Finland. Abstract. Environ Health Perspect 1999, 107: 813-815.
we leave tomorrow for Disney World and I'm looking forward to blogging "on the road" from my iPad. I will try anyway. Stay tuned!
Cd2: Only The Young; Don’t Stop Believin’; Wheel In The Sky; Faithfully; Any Way You Want It; Who’s Crying Now; Separate Ways (Worlds Apart); Lights; Open Arms; Be Good To Yourself; Stone In Love.
This is better since she dropped, but there were a couple weeks there when she liked to press her butt right up into my ribs and cause excruciating pain and difficulty breathing. Luckily that wasn't all the time, but when it happened, OW.
12. Rawhide
Joe fell out laughing and so did I. Wifesy and wifesy’s step-mom did too.
the other.
Several years ago, observers more optimistic than TAC hailed the ascendancy of the internet as the dawn of “The Information Age”. It’s a lovely idea. Unfortunately it’s a fantasy.
Apparently that is the name of a wristbrace. ha ha ha The only reason I could possibly ascertain for this is that once you have it on it traps your hand in the position a man would potentially be holding his hand should he want to masturbate. (Yes I have a dirty mind - Dad, Mom - if you are reading this sorry - but seriously how else would you rationalize calling something that goes on your hand a cockup?).
One of the greatest faces of UFC today,
A crowd is a mob.
Smart Balance Buttery Spreads or Buttery Sticks $1/2
It was a busy weekend. Sandy and family arrived Friday night. Had wonderful times with all 3 Kentucky grandchildren. Saw Christian be a little man, with his muscle shirt and jeans on, leading the quest to figure out how to unlock the door he locked. Alyssa and I talked about Haiti, and she told me what they had given up for Lent and who was being good at it and who wasn't. Nathan made me laugh harder than the time he fell down laughing because he saw me in lipstick.
My daughter understood perfectly, as she realises how committed I am to the cause and a promise of a day at the fair soon compensated for the time I had promised I would be spending with her on the bank holiday weekend.
It’s un(for)gettable.
Not quite the ‘bad-ass’ that I was writing about being.
So, he wasn't there when I went to the nursery. Goldie wasn't with the other babies. She wasn't swaddled anymore. I could see a little gold bear on her chest to take her temperature, her stomach was bulging out in the center where the muscles didn't come together.
Take a bite out of a plate piled high with steaming red beans and sausage prepared with “the trinity”—a staple of Cajun cooking comprised of bell pepper, onion, and celery. Piquant southern spices add sass to crawfish mac and cheese, while beignets pulled fresh from the fryer and dusted with powdered sugar send you sweetly off into the night.
On arrival at the information desk, I asked them where the maternity ward was.
The Turtle is made the same as the other toys, from Organic cotton fibers and filled with soft corn fibers. And I know what your thinking...CORN??? How could that possibly be soft and cuddly? Well, I don't think I have ever seen/touched or even heard of toys being filled with soft corn fibers, I might have, but I'm not sure. All I know is, these are probably the Softest Toys I have ever felt before and extremely smooth and squishable! Not Lumpy like other cotton filled Plush Toys. I always love picking up and cuddling these Plush Toys, as much as "DD" does!
Good software has an excellent set of features. The best programs have an easy-to-use setup wizard, to make the initial use of the program both simple and fast. The best programs also track multiple employee information sets, including availability, skill level, departments, and personal information. Additionally, resource planning software’s has exceptional reporting capabilities, which help schedulers to analyse trends in employee behaviour.
We all love Special K! ;D
Is it the time of year? Are we suppose to be happy happy joy joy because everyone is suppose to have the perfect upcoming Christmas? Have you too noticed many stories surfacing this time of year like I have?
Far from being the most popular and profitable band of the era, the Grateful Dead’s goal was to entertain. During their Europe ’72 tour, they branched out from the typical routine in the United States and brought their music to the world. In light of improvising shows, the fans demanded more live recordings, so the Dead lugged a 16 track recorder all around Western Europe to capture their true essence. Having only studio recordings didn’t fully represent what the band was capable of. “In three decades of performance, they improvised and reinvented their material so thoroughly that no tune ever sounded quite the same way twice” (Jones 49).
I think I used up all my words. Not last month, but sometime earlier. Sometime last year. Last month I tried to bring them back, but it didn’t work. So this month, it’ll be pictures. And a few words, maybe.
It's the Keith Richard life preserver, keeping you above the sharks that saves one even as the other metaphysically drowns. It's like selling your soul to the devil; you may smell bad and look hungover as hell, but the devil always keeps your lovelamp lit because you've found something to hold onto, something with six strings that can't just leave you or turn against you, a creative outlet you can practice and play on forever and never master to your satisfaction. Art is like a crack in a prison wall and you know that the more you scrape at that hole, the wider your glimpse of daylight til one day you can just escape. Escape isn't even important as long as you are comforted by the OCD notion you never have to stop scraping, so the scraping becomes the love. It's a devil's bargain. Joan and Kristen signed the Satanic contract but Cherie and Dakota just fold it up, asking the devil if they can hold onto it and "think about it"... until indecision becomes their whole persona, and that's death in a rock band. You may as well bring your mother along, like Cameron Crowe does in ALMOST FAMOUS.
The lunch table is jammed with a dozen 25+ year old Compsci and Math grads and phds, some still dissertating. It is all guys in jeans, black t-shirts with all manner of body hair, bar 2 girls, islands of beauty in this hairfest. One of the girls is new. I make a note to myself to instruct management to hire more girls, asap.
5) How to measure how many people read your report
A loud honk came from a beastly fat woman driver and her stubble faced passenger. They drove past me in a black tinted SUV pounding and thumping rap music.
Over the past few weeks, I’ve been furiously working on my invitations because I can never leave “well enough” alone. Laura delivered the most beautiful thermograved invitations, Rsvps, and inserts, but I went a step (or 20) further.
6. Solid Rock
In 2001, Pakistan was the only Islamic country that possessed nuclear weapons. In 2009, Iran is on the threshold of becoming a nuclear power, and several other Muslim countries are actively seeking to catch up with it. Before 9-11, Pakistan had nukes but they were under the tight control of a military dictatorship. Pakistan still has nukes, but its political system verges on anarchy, and the Taliban control a large swath of Pakistani territory. In 2001 Afghanis lived under sharia law administered by the Taliban. In 2009 Afghanis live under a slightly less stringent version of sharia administered by a corrupt government controlled by heroin warlords.
Weeks ago I told the hospital LC that I was interested in donating my milk since I was running tight on storage space in our little deep freezer. I should have called the number to the Mother's Milk Bank of Ohio the day that she gave it to me. The process of being approved as a milk donor is relatively simple, though time-consuming given what else I have to keep up with right now. In short, by the time I had a chance to start the process I was out of storage space at home and the hospital had more than enough on hand for Lincoln.
~Great layering of patterns (and how I would love to have imperial trellis curtains--still!)
I first raided my pantry to see what I had on hand? Then the internet to look up some recipes - Granola Bars need - Grains (Oats), Dried Fruit (Figs, Dates, cranberry), Nuts, Liquid to Bind (Oil, Honey, Butter, Egg) and you are good to put it all together! Phew, I thought I would just put it together with whatever I had and if the recipe turned out fine and got "APPROVED" then would do a re-run of it later. So, it turns out I had not dried fruits but read on to what I had and how it turned out...
(2) I don't need to let the fact that I can't do something perfectly prevent me from doing it at all. So often I am paralyzed from action because I over-analyze and want to do the very best possible thing and can never settle on what that "best" option is (or even if I figure out what's best, it's totally not within my ability to do). For example, I spend so much time analyzing and stressing over the "BEST" possible work-out or the "MOST HEALTHY" possible diet or the "PERFECT" way of journaling for myself and my kids that I just don't even do it at all. I'm trying to let go of that and to just know that doing SOMETHING is better than doing NOTHING. A specific example is that for a long time I have wanted to do a better job of documenting my kids' milestones and funny/cute things they do and say. I have a lot of these things in scattered places but not in any one place because I couldn't decide on the PERFECT way to keep track of these things. Well, I dumped it all into word documents for each of the kids and am going to try to keep those updated. Is it fancy or beautiful? No. But will my kids appreciate having at least some sort of record of their childhoods, however shabby, over having nothing? Of course!
The President reportedly admired a Korean media personality who hosted the event. We’ll the President almost admire any young and beautiful women he encountered.
What is the best your best vintage/thrift find? How much was it and where did you find it?
Lausanne may have the Olympic Museum but Lucerne has the Swiss Museum of Transport, our host venue for drinks and dinner on this, the arrival night of the Ovation Trophy. It’s a spectacular campus-like facility with individual halls dedicated to trains, planes and automobiles. Isaline Grichting is responsible for Congresses and Events there and told me that previously over 2000 delegates were catered for at the Museum during a special event. Located about 15 minutes on foot from the main hotels in the town this is a perfect facility to support Lucerne’s burgeoning conference and event business.
I am learning to listen, because, I DARE TO LOVE.. do you?
When Christ is at the center of a friendship, when He is the glue that holds it together; stormy weather cannot rip at the foundation and sweep it away. Friendships forged through the bond of Christ endure. I have many friends in Christ. Some I haven't seen for years. But I know without a shadow of a doubt that if I picked up the phone and called them today to pray for me, to counsel me, the years would simply melt away. Why? Our friendship isn't temporal. We share a bond that goes beyond anything of this world. It is strong and lasting, because our relationship came about through the relationship each of us has with Christ.
Three of the best quotes in this journal, from Cynthia, in my opinion are:
"I've got something to tell that mother of mine!" I beam back with a smile.
Hearing Junsu say this, never even happened in Yoochun’s dream. Every night fantasize about him could make love to his wife almost make him crazy but now, all that craziness seems become real.
Lola: Well...
Aside from physical, architectural advances the UAE has advanced on a social level quiete radically , and very fast.
Regarding full collections—
I look at the Island, I look at the point, and I look at the speaker. I look back into the fire and feel the short hairs standing up on my neck and the chill creeping down my arms. I poke the fire with a stick and watch the sparks shatter skyward and melt into the stars.
'Then I saw what seemed to be a stabbing motion rather than a punching motion four or five times in very rapid succession.'
L7 Pretend we’re dead US
TOTAL EXPENSES: RM14,194.36 (excluding preparation like clothes, bags etc). I guess if I don't spend my money at Sothy's it only cost me less than 10k. But, I use Sothy's, so better to buy cheaper products in Paris than buy here in M'sia in the near future and spend more money.
Propaganda: noise and girls come out to play. NOISE: ralf dörper andreas thein. GIRLS: claudia brüchen suzanne freytag. BEHIND THE SCENES: michael mertens. BEHIND THE SCREENS: (...play) : michael wertz.
Then it starts getting into the real objective: Trapping birds & euthanasia. Oh and shooting 'em too. In addition to the aforementioned starlings, etc. cowbirds & oystercatchers are on the death list too.
As you are thinking about your overall family emergency response plan, take a hard look at anything on your list that contains the words “bug out”. For you, a plan that involves an immediate or delayed bug out may be the best solution to some problem my family doesn’t have. But I urge you to think about what threats you are running from, where you are running to, and what the reality of walking away from your home would really look like before you spend time, money, and energy on bug-out resources that may not support your preparedness goals or increase your chances of survival.
CD: Frankfurt?
“Call me when they have done the inspection for the windshield replacement.” He hands me his double sided, shiny business card, as shiny as his shark grin and as double sided as his smooth explanations.
To throw-away – unfortunately it is not possible to keep every sheet of paper that the girls color. So, if the girls and I together decide to throw an item out we always take a picture of the project before tossing. That way we can look back over all their creations without contributing to any clutter!
please do not copy, print, or publish without my written consent.
The content of this post is copyrighted to Hayden Fletcher 2012. Reproduction of any of the material is strictly prohibited without the author’s written permission or love.
inwardly holy; and then words and actions must be holy as a matter of
¼ cup butter
I can attack
Are you all ready for some yumminess??!!
If anyone want's them, and is sure they can go, or if the folks in position 8 or position 6 want our slot for more space, they're yours for free; unless of course some kind soul wants to buy them off us ($336).
I believe that these go hand in hand, however. If a woman loves her husband as she should, she will submit to him and reverence him...just as if we love God, we will obey Him.
First off, for the few of you out there who might not know anything about Cujo, allow me to fill you in on the very basics of the story. Cujo is a St. Bernard who during the course of the story contracts rabies and winds up trapping a woman and her son in their car for several days. That’s the spoiler free synopsis that most people already know about Cujo, so nothing should be spoiled for you (although, later there will be spoilers, but don’t worry, I’ll give you a heads up before they come). There is a LOT more to this story than just that though. A LOT. But we’ll get to that later. I’ve got a lot to talk about with this book, and I’m thinking I’ll just cover story points and plot and stuff along the way as I go. So, let’s go.
Merriam Webster’s definition of repent is to turn from sin and dedicate oneself to the amendment of one’s life; to feel regret and contrition; to change one’s mind. Repentance allows entrance into the Kingdom of God where abundant resources resides to insure that we make our long journey and cross over to the other side…eternal life.
Nicky Henderson (Lambourn, Berkshire)
Toward the end I think he got a second wind. Harder stronger faster in the same spot-er. Ack. When he finished I was more wet noodle-ish than pretzel-ish. He let me catch my breath then gave me two quick pats that meant get up.
However, not every Church can afford these systems. Listed below are preventive measures that can be done to protect your congregation without breaking the bank.
As well and good as that is, I don't completely agree with some of his decoded work. For the most part, I believe he got all of it right, but some lines I think are different than what he deciphered them as being. I present my own version of the decoded words for you today, but I give full credit to Darkman, because without him I would have NO idea what the words were in the first place.
So why do they change the standards for lesson assessment? Well, they won't admit this - but I think that OFSTED is being governed by what Durkheim called "the dialectic of ends and means", whereby a means to an end becomes an end in itself. OFSTED inspectors enjoy fat fees and generous expenses.Anyone doubting this should look in the school car park during an OFSTED inspection - the inspection team always arrive in a fleet of new cars. To justify its existence, OFSTED needs to keep repeating the need for shaking up education. One question - at a time of stringent budget cuts in the public sector, is it not time to shake OFSTED (and Mr Glibb) by the scruff of the neck?
The bitter taste of relief pushes us forward
Our pastor, fan of hard charges, charged everyone in the congregation to identify three things in our lives that need to die so that we might share in Christ’s resurrection. I struggled, for awhile, to get concrete about my “kill list.” But in responding to another charge to take an hour of prayer with a particular passage of scripture I arrived at my three things: 1) judgment- of self especially, but also of others; 2) anxiety- which I realized often has its roots in judgment; and 3) resentment- again, rooted in judgment. Number one… it is crucial! It has to go! Not that I want to cease to be able to make critical assessments of myself and others, but the over active voice of self-criticism and condemnation, that’s not constructive! It’s not healthy! It is not bringing life! And when I spend so much time (internally) talking to myself like this, surely it shapes the way I think about others (though I seriously don’t think I’m as harsh on others as I am on myself, but… I can be judgmental of others. I confess it.) If this distorted and destructive judgment mechanism could just die… I truly believe I would experience resurrection in my life.
Corinne Kumar
As a nurse, what is arguably one of the most important things I can say in the course of my everyday job?
The ABC board elected two new leaders at its November meeting—Sunni Boot as chairman of the North American board and Shelagh Stoneham as chairman of the Canada Board Committee. As Boot and Stoneham begin their tenures leading the North American and Canadian boards, respectively, they share their visions, goals and points of view on the industry through two POV articles and this new video.
Corps. They are the ones that fight
I love cemeteries, especially old cemeteries. Wherever I go, I visit a cemetery because I love the sense of place, of history, of life and of death, of ritual, and of meaning. I’ve learned a lot about the evolution of the belief towards the afterlife just by wandering through cemeteries and noting death dates. The older the date, the more horrifying the afterlife depicted in the iconography. At least, that’s how it is in the States. Skull and crossbones, skeletons, skulls with wings; it’s all very fascinating compared to the more contemporary imagery of laser-cut portraits of the deceased or of deer and nature or whatever the deceased’s interest was.
And the seeds of life are sewing
and what is born of spirit is spirit.
Then he went downstairs
After dinner, we went for a walk to see enjoy the lights again, then came back home and spent the rest of the night camped out enjoying our Christmas tree and some holiday movies.
Thank You all so much for joining us last week!
Fast forward 18 hours to yesterday afternoon.
Eight months have passed and we have seen tremendous growth in Ryan. The tantrums are now minimal and much easier to deal with. He used to reach his "point of no return" as we call it, several times a day. Now, it's down to once a week. We still have moments, every day, but we are able to bring Ryan back down much easier, before he reaches this point. Kate comes to our house once a week and works with me on Ryan's behaviors and how to help him cope easier. We use picture schedules and try to redirect him.
About Vantage Press
Last Saturday was the half way point for our Upwards season. Brody has been doing really good with his games and learning every week. Each week he receives 2 stars to add to his shirt - one is green for participation and the other is either red (defense), blue (effort), white (Christlike), gray (offense), or gold (sportsmanship).
For Journaling…
Let’s continue our Journey through the numbered cards of the minor arcana…
Maybe I just happen to be in a romantic mood but I feel like a good beer is like a good woman. This song has a lot of different elements to it (like this beer) and is certainly unique. Donavon Frankenreiter’s voice is soothing just as each sip of this beer is.
But Santorum and Romney? If they're both leading in Iowa, then why should we assume either one would lose to Obama in the general election?
Quote;
Have faith in the FACT that things will work out babies.
Now’s a good time to “learn” everything I can in this baby.
The heart is a die from Sizzix. I put Crackle Paint 'Picket Fence' on it. But a little less so now the crackle effect is not enough! :)
Okay, first and foremost of all, how much do I love that Jae Hyuk doesn’t turn back to glare or gloat to Young Gul after he takes Ga Young’s hand! Although if you look closely, Young Gul does glare at Jae Hyuk and Ga Young as if gloating! Seriously, is that what this is about? Going from one girl to another and making each other jealous? Jae Hyuk just looks at Ga Young and watches her tearing up, so what does he do? He takes her hand and keeps looking at her! And the way he took her hand, first he squeezed it and then took it into his own. I don’t think he has any ulterior motives in that gesture because usually whenever he’s acted in favor of Ga Young or because of her, he hasn’t really looked for a reaction from the others (I mean he hasn’t really gone to Ga Young just to piss off Anna and Young Gul. Anna meanwhile, has usually gone to Young Gul because that would mean pissing off Jae Hyuk. Young Gul was somehow smitten with Anna so he always too headed her way, snubbing Ga Young in the process) However much I hate him for the whole fighting thing going on and how much he’s mistreated Anna, I love him for most of what he’s done in this episode. And I love that he honestly realizes Ga Young doesn’t have that interest in him but he’s still doing things he can for her, aka the Fashion King opportunity.
In fact, as I was interviewing former New Jersey Senator Dick Larossa today, we came up with a fantastic idea…
On-line I have seen reviews calling this wine “above average nearly excellent” and “excellent”. I would have to whole heartedly agree and once again mention what a great value this is. This is perfect for those who might want an introduction to the Torrontés grape and I would add lovers of Sauvignon Blanc.
October 2011.
more later, the nightly power cut is about to take place....
The object will be to challenge myself to make something out of something that I already have at least once every week....
Each man, woman and child who wanted to had their feet washed in a tub my a team member with soap, a sponge, and a drying rag. While we washed we blessed them, talked to them, found out their stories, shared Christ. Each little girl got a new dress, and almost every person got a new pair of flip flops to wear. We handed out toys, candies, bags of rice and bags of fruit. We even had one of our experienced team members treat a severe burn on one man's foot that had become infected and kept him from walking without a cane. We finished the outreach by teaching the kids jumprope and hot potato, which they loved, and we left the jump ropes and balls with them for them to enjoy on their own.
I was not a happy camper, but not surprised at all that I did that. :)
Recently, the group has begun production of coking coal, executed a highly valuable marketing agreement with Vitol Group, the world’s largest private energy trading company, and published a DFS showing compelling economics for the Minas Moatize project, underpinning the firm’s valuation. Bob Finch, Head of Coal at Vitol said “Coal trading has become an increasingly important part of the Vitol Group’s trading portfolio and this partnership makes an important contribution to our growth”
Brian snapped this photo Tuesday while I was at work. Of course he didn't try to stop her enjoying the markers, but he did get photos. When I got home she was covered in multicolored inks and B said she'd even eaten a few. Oh well, if you can't prevent a mess at least you can take photos of it :)
Man watches,
After my senses returned, I managed to shut the thing off, and my screaming graduated to "#$%@$^$," Clint meandered in to take a look, and said, "well, that sucks." We ended up having to vacuum the vacuum with another vacuum. We had to move other appliances outside to blow them off with an air compressor. The furniture needed to be vacuumed, every surface in the house needed dusting, and of course, all of my just-cleaned-crannies were no longer for this world.
09=Connecticut
he was a player
Kat: Non, toi.
Will the decisions you make today set an example of faithfulness or faithlessness?
That's right, Pennsylvanians: not only do you have to buy your booze here in Pennsylvania at the State Store System (under penalty of law), you're now going to have to pay more for it, across the board. As of January 4, every bottle -- wine, liquor, liqueur, wine cooler, and whatever Rock & Rye is -- will be going up in price by 50¢ to $2 (depending on size). What's the reason? Is it a new database for beer registration? More courtesy training? RFID tags so they can track down and kill underage drinkers? (Just kidding; they wouldn't really kill them.)
-- END INTRODUCTION
me - are you hungry yet?
They say when people saw Le déjeuner de bébé or L’arroseur arrosé by Lumière, they didn’t cry out: Oh! bébé is moving, or l’arroseur is moving. They said, the leaves are moving in the trees. The bébé who moved they had already seen in the magic lantern. What was new for them was precisely that the leaves were moving. The “leaves” in the Bach film are the fingers and hands of the musicians and the unbelievable gestures of Leonhardt…
Of course, you could leave it like that, but I wanted to add a little green. So I wrapped it with multi-green colored yarn. I can easily remove it if I change my mind later since it's just tied with a knot at the back.
ice cream with beloved friends
Also, a huge thank you to Katie Garner, the brilliant creator of Secret Stories, for making this giveaway possible! :)
Notes: Add some gin or vodka for some extra kick
Want not- they're having a sale on sugar at the store this week. I picked up two packs but I'll probably stop tomorrow on my way home from work and get two more. We did pick up candy for the children for Easter and I'll probably try to ration it. Although they aren't usually too bad about rationing it themselves. I think last year I found part of someone's chocolate bunny in the cabinet in June.
The basic racial asymmetry between Blacks and Whites means that the “Face-Saving Racial Myth” must never be challenged, for when it is the already tattered national fabric starts ripping apart. Wherever you have a marked racial asymmetry, honest discussion of it will do two things. First it will be immensely offensive to the disadvantaged race and those who claim to speak for them. This doesn’t mean that they are right, but they can’t help feeling the way they do. They will be well and truly pissed. This is not an argument to placate them. It is just a statement of fact.
Similar observations have appeared in other publications with The Telegraph reporting that 46 murders are committed each day in South Africa, "a statistic that led to a substantial rise in security during the World Cup".
the dixie cup in the upper
But I digress – back to the “food critic” write up on Poblano’s Mexican Grille…
Not only because it is a bestseller but I did spot it some years ago and was just days too late as Puffin had snapped it up. I thought it was a great concept – fresh and appealing and at the same time very reassuring and funny.
USP: The most straight-up rock band of the lot. Sure, Sleigh Bells muck around with heavy metal influences to be kind of ironic, but these guys just seem a lot more authentic about it all. In the age of Lana-Del-Rey-Authenticitygate, this is terribly important. This isn’t to say they’re hiding behind ‘authentic rock’ as an excuse to be boring and refuse to try anything out that isn’t a 3-chord pub anthem, like Oasis, they’re far more creative than that. Just, in comparison with the far wispier other acts on the list…
The Obama administration is leading a global effort to deploy "shadow" Internet and mobile phone systems that dissidents can use to undermine repressive governments that seek to silence them by censoring or shutting down telecommunications networks.
And Totally Gorjuss - Congratulations challenge.
How are you?
You will be happy you stopped by today, however, because this recipe is the shanizzle. Oh...and it's stupidly easy...and you moms know what I'm throwin' down...week night...kids in four million places at once...you need easy. You'll dig this.
Fourth Layer Prep:
Chapter 1, Part 1
What is critical about these drawing skills is to use them to help remind all in the room of the discussion that took place and allow people to review them at their leisure during the communication. Also, their value is in the storytelling of the experiences and touch points with end users and consumers. It gives you something to capture and share at the end of a meeting that helps everyone remember some of what was discussed, more than just a bullet list of notes. I always try my best to do more drawing in meetings and I think all designers should have the skills to draw what they are talking about as part of the communication process.
That just got them a ton of free publicity….
The letter starts off by briefly acknowledging Holy Week. From there, it goes into a full court press by providing five examples of the types of people they assist. (and yes, they’ve covered all the bases here, from children, trauma, divorce, bullying, abuse, violence, death, dependency and suicide.)
Then give the employee constant feedback…and a complete review…so that he or she knows exactly where they stand and how they are doing…
You see, to a certain category of man that last part strikes them as merely a simple, expected byproduct of life. It’s the occasional cracked egg in every few dozen that’s just thrown into the trash without a second thought. But to others that last part is not just a byproduct of life, but an important symptom of some deadly, epidemic disease ravaging our collective American psyche. It’s the occasional cracked egg that’s the catalyst for one of these individuals to lay awake all night thinking about that egg, jump in the car at six AM, still clad in slippers and sleep-wear, and drive down to the supermarket in order to walk through the doors the minute they’re unlocked and refuse to talk to anyone but the manager-not based upon any particular value of the egg, but based solely upon one principle that this man is responsible for selling a bad egg.
Behold I, even I, The Lord of Hosts, shall scrape every last vestige of man and his inventions from the Earth at the last day!… For I am God, and the glory of My strength is revealed in My Holy One!
My argument against feminism as an answer to the oppression of women is my own life. My father left my home many years ago, and my mother runs the house now. We can repair just about anything, and I know more about cars than some men. Being so strong and carrying so much responsibility, can be numbing. I have felt tired of always having to be strong. I would rather have permission to be weaker. I don’t think women are wired to be strong and take male roles. Maybe I am a paradox because I am independent and self-sufficient. Do we always want what we don’t have?
And now you are ready to enjoy and have fun with the flight simulator download.
Everyone likes to be recognized and rewarded when they do something good. And when our actions are rewarded, we repeat them. In performance-driven classrooms, students focus on hitting learning targets with measures. This approach to learning is very different from the “Get rewarded with a good grade” system that occurs in compliance-driven classrooms.
After seeing a card catalogue in the Iowa State University library in 1882, Thomas B. Wales, the secretary of the Holstein-Friesian Association of America, applied the idea to the 40,000 animals in the Holstein-Friesian Herd Book. He estimated that the number of new cards will double every two years. Noted Edward Tenner (in “From Slip to Chip,” Harvard Magazine, November-December 1990): “Here was a ‘cattle log’ in the truest sense.”
The recipe comes from my friend Susan. She cut her crackers into perfect little rounds. Check out her beautiful blog and recipe at Savoring Time in the Kitchen.
When I opened my email this morning, we received an email the agency who did our care package for us. Rui had drawn some pictures for us, with instructions from her teacher. They included a note from her as well. She hopes we love her pictures, and is looking forward to seeing her mommy and daddy very soon. She also loved the presents we sent.
Other people say that it shouldn't be automatic to add on a tip for large parties. Let me try to make this clear. As servers we get only a few tables in our section. Usually four of five tables. If you bring in ten people chances are you just took up three of my tables. If you screw me on my tip it screws up my whole shift. It means I am basically working for my $2.68 and hour and nothing else. Then after taxes are taken out of that I usually end up having paid out of my own pocket to wait on you. Is that fair? I don't think so.
“Metropolis” has influence films and filmmakers from “Frankenstein” to “Blade Runner.” It is one of the grandest and last examples of this great period in German cinema, filled with Expressionist patterns, architectural wonders of beauty, strength and design stretching cinema’s boundaries in new directions. Yet the film does have it odd moments that verge on ridiculous absurdity that cause some modern day audience members to laugh out loud (the robot Maria’s seductive wink for example). But these few moments do not distract from the brilliance the mad Lang created.
I'm not to sure what your stats are at this point, but you have your check up in a few weeks. =)
So, that's where I'm at. Keep me in mind in about 30 years or so, when you and your family have just returned from one of your many post-retirement travels, and I am eating dog food on a fixed income. Invite me to dinner. Please.
*Giveaway/ Sponsor posts are typically reserved for the first month of a first time sponsor's ad run.
Javakh, an Armenian enclave, is the most underdeveloped and impoverished region of Georgia. It has the highest rate of unemployment and the lowest rate of state investment in the country. There is no industry, and agriculture is primitive. The roads and infrastructure in the region are non-existent, and it is easier to reach Armenia (to the South) than Tbilisi, Georgia’s capital. Javakh is a geographic, economic and political island, almost cut off from the rest of the world.
I glued the bowl to the upside down pot with E6000 glue and then glued the wood ball to the lid with E6000 glue as well.
"Son of a Bitch." This time she spoke louder, accentuating each word, as she rushed the squirting bottle to the sink. She giggled then. What would they think, she wondered, her readers...if they could see her now.
The big news this morning has been all about the the fire that engulfed an old Lakeland building in Ash Street, Bowness-on-Windermere. Ash Street is a well-trodden cobbled street located in Bowness centre, just 2 minutes’ walk from our guest house, Blenheim Lodge. Yesterday, as we were driving out of Bowness to Edinburgh, we found ourselves being stopped by police from entering Lake Road (aka Craig Brow), the main thoroughfare in Bowness and Windermere, which leads to the A592. Police had cordoned off all roads leading into Bowness, except for access through windy country roads – what locals call the Crook Road.
So they took it away, and were married next day
First up as the object of my derision is the More Cash than Dash column. I bought this month's copy of Vogue after Emily of Sugar and Spice alerted me that it a featured an outfit totalling £550. I digress to her excellent post about why their selected items do not a budget friendly suggestion make - think sleeveless trenchcoat and leather legwarmers at eyewatering prices. May I suggest the more appropriate title of More Cash to Splash?
Any of these lovelies could eat crackers in my bed without me making a fuss about it, but there one who stands out from the crowd. I'm speaking of Sports Illustrated swimsuit model Brooklyn Decker, who is married to Andy Roddick, who was once the #1-ranked player in the world.
Strictly Bi : Pissing In The Men's Room - Jamie Joy Gatto
– “Giving hope and love to the children of India” –
Ten fast horses running.
“I had the idea when I was editor of the Guinness Book of British Hit Singles which dealt with record releases and musicians, – says David. – And I always imagined a book about music places might work. I love music and I’ve got a fettish for maps so Rock Atlas was a labour of love”.
That is just sad.
It seems my shed is the preferred place for wildlife to hang out; ladybirds, lacewings and spiders hiding in every crevice (they’re totally ignoring the bug box outside), some even posed for a photo:
This Saturday, M and I are going to see a five and a half hour screening of Abel Gance’s Napolean. I am feeling a crazy amount of excitement about this. I had read about this film years ago in my film history class and never thought I’d get to see it. I have a feeling it’s going to surpass the definition of epic.
Booking and Travel Window:
14. Miscellaneous. The Promotion and these Official Rules will be governed, construed and interpreted under the laws of Illinois, U.S.A. without regard to its or any other jurisdiction's choice of law provisions. Entrants agree to be bound by these Official Rules and by the decisions of Sponsor, which are final and binding in all respects. Any provision of these Official Rules deemed unenforceable will be enforced to the extent permissible, and the remainder of these Official Rules will remain in effect. Sponsor reserves the right to change these Official Rules at any time, in its sole discretion, and to suspend or cancel the Promotion or any entrant's participation in the Promotion should viruses, bugs, unauthorized human intervention or other causes beyond Sponsor's control affect the administration, security or proper play of the Promotion, or Sponsor otherwise becomes (as determined in its sole discretion) incapable of running the Promotion as planned. Entrants who violate these Official Rules, violate any law, rule or regulation in connection with participation in the Promotion, tamper with the operation of the Promotion or engage in any conduct that is detrimental or unfair to Sponsor, the Promotion or any other entrant (in each case as determined in Sponsor's sole discretion) are subject to disqualification from entry into the Promotion. Sponsor reserves the right to lock out persons whose eligibility is in question or who have been disqualified or are otherwise ineligible to enter the Promotion. If you have any questions about these Official Rules or the Promotion, please e-mail them to digitalissues@barackobama.com or send written questions to the address listed below, Attn: "Obama Clooney and You" Questions.
Hew Kennedy was a contentious figure for the Society people for his perceived abandonment of the Covenanted cause, especially after he and other moderate presbyterian ministers accepted toleration under James VII’s edicts in July 1687. On 17 January 1688, James Renwick handed a copy of his Testimony Against Toleration (1688) to Kennedy in an Edinburgh street. (Jardine, ‘United Societies’, I, 182.)
This is a picture of the Des Moines skywalks. These are like passageways through all of the downtown section of the city. It’s a great way to get around in a super cold city!
Sometimes life gives you a swift kick in the ass and you fall flat of your face. The best thing you can do is pick yourself up, brush it off, and walk away with your head held high.
Son: Cheesy lips?
Popular movie rumor website Ain’t It Cool News called the announcement “nerdvana”, and head film critic Harry Knowles was ecstatic about the project which will also feature Hollywood heavies like Christian Slater, Ben Affleck, Gary Busey, Orlando Jones, Tara Reid, Milla Jovovich, Bo Derek and Hillary Duff. Comedians Louie Anderson and Kathy Griffin are also set to appear.
I never use these so I can't advise you about their use.
Okay, I had to add just one more thing. I had to use my mermaid stamp, she's my albatross. I had to have her and yet, I haven't found a project to suit her. Until now. So, here she is in all her paper-pieced and fussy cut glory (no sailors or Captain Cooks were injured in the making of this card - honest)
In contrast, vague outlining (aka winging it) has its share of issues, though this method is much easier and utterly idiot proof but not necessarily better. Creating a vague outline is a facile task because only a basic overview is required. You, the author, need to shape your characters’ personalities, create a very basic outline of the plot that has plenty of room for errors and then… you’re done! If you’re like me and you are cursed with the ability to think up intriguing plot twists that you feel obliged to add midway through writing your novel then this method is perfect for you. Since the outline is so unrestricted, even if you are knee-deep in the novel, it allows you to pursue this plot twist. However, with a vague outline, you are more prone to these whimsical ideas that could lead you astray from your plot and could potentially destroy the novel. Trust me; this has happened to me in the past. You need to resist the temptations. Give in to ONLY one new plot idea at most. Or else… bye, bye book.
Also, on a slightly unrelated note, let me just be the first to tell you that long-term high school relationships don’t ever work out. Ever. The 0.00001% that do stay together and get married, etc later on in life is not a mathematically significant figure. And I’m not even good at math. Seriously though, you should focus on friends or dating around in high school. As long as you’re being safe and not sleeping with every guy/girl who buys you dinner, you should be having fun. Commitment before you’re 18 is a joke. If you’d like to contest that, please report back to me when you’re 28 and still with the same kid.
4. Then pull sides snug in and safety pin. Work your way to the back (or zipper).
by: Kenny Chesney....
Nothing to fear then, outside of physical and mental collapse. I've decided to use this as a valuable or, depending on who wins the big race, completely pointless technical rehearsal of Common Law's eventual demise. And despite this being merely a technical rehearsal, and not one which requires me to employ any of my peerless powers of emoting, I'm still giving it my all. The wandering listlessly from room to room, the metronomically regular crying jag, the being strong for the children. All in the bag. It's a stinking shame that the New York Times are missing this one, I'd be straight to Broadway. Now if I could just put the chairs in the right place and get my entrances and exits right, I'd be punfully set. And hey, can someone talk to the lighting guy? It's a little dark in here. Lonely and dark. How about a revolving gobo? A revolving gobo of an exploding helicopter for preference.
Okay, back to the cake. I baked vanilla bean cotton sponge cake and layered it with white peach gelee, black raspberry gelee, and mascarpone mousse. I didn't have enough puree for the black raspberry jelly and I had to add a little red raspberry puree to it. The taste of the white peach is barely noticeable, the subtle taste was completely overpowered by the other flavors. So I probably won't be using it in mousse or jelly form in the future, as a cut-up fruit inside of the cake might be nice. I was using my 8" square cake ring for the first time. It was a little too short, only 2" high, so the cake looked short (or was short). I was going to trim all four edges so that it showed the different layers, but I cancelled that idea since it will make the cake smaller considering the short height. I was completely blank for the decor, I think I came up with this super simple decor about 20 minutes before I had to leave for work.
The title trains is cut out with my cricut and covered in Diamond Stickles.
LOCAL GOVERNMENT SERVICES PAY NEGOTIATIONS
With the giving season upon us, you might be looking for organizations that need some holiday funds or warm body volunteers. The Lone Star Paralysis Foundation is an organization that I recently got to know through an unfortunate accident. One thing that I noticed about the Lone Star Paralysis Foundation was the immense (and I mean IMMENSE) passion and unwavering focus on the organization's goals. In meeting many of the board members, I was bombarded with warm greetings and huge smiles. Dang, that is one happy, yet intensely focused board. Since I hadn't mentioned it yet, the mission of the organization is "to cure spinal cord paralysis through funding research, advanced recovery, and community outreach."
These two passages are a testimony to us. Yes, Father was anointing Jesus. However, taking a deeper look… what we are truly witnessing is the interaction between Father God and Son.
in which he addressed the subject of using
Fruit Amuse - August 28
It is not unheard of for someone to return to a doctor and have them say, "I can't explain this but...you are healed... there is no evidence of your disease." THAT is what we are praying for!
“I have met Mr Ashby on three occasions, and I have never had any need to phone him.”
“I dunno which one,” Creme said with a full mouth. “Da wed one o’ da-” She swallowed “- the white n’ blue one.”
And magic colleges? Part of the problem with spellcastersspellbooks, and the numerous costs associated with all of that ranging from the inks used to copy the spells, to the spellbooks themselves.
Red and gold, the spine and corners a little frayed, the pages somewhat yellowed, but for a book that was printed in 1876, it looked beautiful!
SWAT teams were called in to secure the neighborhood after learning the gunman was possibly still in the area.
2. Stir in oil, yogurt, and egg until combined
Anthony Joseph Coladonato, 47, New York, N.Y.
Tip 5: Recognize the type of girl you want
(8) Proverbs 14:26
Odin of the one-eye, a Cyclops in the sky
Odendaal says he was initially willing to swallow his pride and apologise, but has since changed his mind.
I didn't see or hear everyone. One guy who played piano and sang was pretty good. I wish I knew someone in the audience or that we had recorded what we did. It felt like we did pretty well, and the roar from the audience when we were done was noticeably more enthusiastic than I'd heard. We did 2 tunes and took up every bit of ten minutes.
I love all the images (all 26 images!) in this stamp set and it is the perfect set for invitations for showers, baby announcements and welcome or congratulations baby cards!!! I can't wait to see what all the lovely ladies have created with this super sweet stamp set(s) today! Please check them out:
I commissioned my own homemade cards from the kids yesterday. They used “project paper” — Corban’s term for construction paper — and scissors and pens. Isabelle cut and folded. Corban stuck stickers on and scribbled. I was not allowed to be in the room while they worked but I did hear Isabelle composing her messages out loud. It sounded something like this:
Because my past experiences exhausted me a lot. I am a human being who lives by steadfast principles. This world is becoming like a blend of colors that is mixed in a way causing confusion and exhaustion for someone who doesn’t have constants and who will remain in conflict state to compromise between work and principles.
This did not make sense; I was about to ask him how he found me on Corsica in 2012 when another time portal opened up, this one from the far future, and out emerged James Casbolt aka Michael Prince…but I did not recognize him at first; out from the portal came a half metal, half flesh man, much of the flesh torn and dripping from what appeared to be a skeletal structure made of steel from the rings of Saturn (I can spot that special alloy anywhere). Despite missing half his face, I did recognize my old colleague, Casbolt, whom I once fought alongside on Procyon.
Diaby serves his last match ban tomorrow but it seems as if he has picked up a calf strain. That’s new…..getting injured while suspended.
Poutine (Fries with gravy and curds)
I don’t know if you might be interested in a business proposal which am about to reveal to you considering that we haven’t met in person.
STRAIN mixture through a mesh sieve into a large heat-proof bowl
Tell me,
2) In a pot, add in the dashi stock and the seasonings except sugar and mirin. Bring to a boil and add in the daikon slices. Once stock comes to a boil again, add sugar and Shirataki, lower the heat to a simmer. Skim off scums if necessary.
I choose a see through paper quiet stiff for the leaves and coloured that with the pastel pencils as well. Not having a punch for the leaves I hand cut them instead. The colour is a bit light but I will continue making these cheerful flowers till I perfect to a degree.
Aug. 3 – In “The New Feminine Power” Katherine Woodward Thomas, illuminates the path for women taking a stand to consciously co-create a future that works for all. The Everyday Hero is Sally Ranney, co-director of Americans for Renewable Energy Day (AREDay.)
Tell your friends about this blog. I hope it can serve as an outreach to those who need it. (Subscribe if you want). Check back next monday for another post!
The New Testament, on the other hand, represents regeneration as the most radical and far reaching that the mind can conceive of, constituting him who is the subject of it a new creature, with whom old things are passed away, and all things have become new (2 Cor. v. 17). It is the initial step in the process of salvation by cleansing from sin, and spiritual renewal (Titus iii. 5). It produces, according to St. John, deliverance from conscious and habitual sin, and victory over the world; it is a birth by the Spirit, which constitutes him who undergoes it "spirit" (John iii. 6). It in duces a sense of freedom and spontaneity in religious life, which is in the strongest contrast to all legal bondage and restraint (ibid. v. 8). It carries with it the privilege of a new and spiritual sonship towards God, and the blessed assurance of it.
The bluebirds have been back checking out the craft room house and either the same pair or a different pair was checking out the box in the back. I would prefer they nest where I can see them daily but I'll take them anywhere I can get them. A house sparrow has been spending time in the craft room box but I'm hoping if the bluebirds finally nest there, they will chase him off. I may be able to trap him if it keeps raining. The bluebirds use grasses as nesting material and they won't build until it dries out, giving me time to put in the trap.
The union has around 8,000 members.
That’s it! Contest runs today, October 14th thru Monday October 24th at 10:00 pm Pacific. I will announce the winners on Tuesday October 25th, both here and on Facebook.
- Feel free to share the link to your creation via the Inlinkz widget, so that I can come and check it out!
Yet…I bought a 3DS in December! Suffice to say, Nintendo has left me cold since the Super Nintendo, but I bought a DS because of New Super Mario Bros. and Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars, which were both absolutely brilliant games. In general, I have zero interest for Zelda or most games published for Nintendo’s platforms, but when I knew Super Mario Land 3D was coming for the 3DS, I knew I would buy a 3DS. Mario Kart 7 helps as well. I still dont like 3D, but both of these games are awesome. I didnt dig Super Mario Galaxy so much, I like Mario more old school.
Place chicken breasts in a 4 ½ quart pot and cover with water. Add chopped garlic clove, parsley, and salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and cook for approximately 30 minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Pour off broth into a container for use in chicken soup. Fill pan with cold water to cool chicken. Chop cooled chicken into bite size pieces. One half will be used for soup, and the rest can be used for chicken alfredo or chicken and rice. I put my extra in a ziplock bag and put it in the freezer for next week.
And then we come to Mikey’s birth. I’ll just tell his story now, and perhaps throw in a few comparisons, but mostly leave that up to you if you want to compare with Evelyn’s on your own.
The images was colored with Copic Markers. I hope everyone will have a blessed week to come.
This one used Lucky Limeade and Island Indigo. I used a cuttlebug embossing border folder to emboss the Lucky Limeade strip. The whole card is very very quick, making it perfect to make many of and put together as a gift set.
I really don't know the time when these turn white but I really don't remember them being in a green stage at first. I transplanted one of these here in the front of the house 5 or more years ago and they have really spread out to be mature plants. It is the traditional old fashioned white one that you see around a lot of the older houses planted along foundations.
We will check into the Relais St Germain Hotel early afternoon and once we have settled in and perhaps taken a walk over to Pierre Hermé for a macaron, we will meet Francois at 6 pm to have a drink at the Bonaparte. Francois will explain about the restaurant scene in Paris, what has changed, which are the improvements and what has been lost. We will return to the hotel at 8 pm to have dinner at Le Comptoir with a menu devised by Francois and Guy de Camdeborde who we will meet if he is not travelling. If we are still feeling energetic after dinner, we may go to a nearby bar for a nightcap or perhaps just walk in St Germain des Prés.
Ailes strafed network competitors by saying he hadn’t counted on them “screwing up as much,” which helped him win ratings battles. CNN’s Wolf Blitzer, he sniffed, “is an excellent reporter, but he’s not a star.”
The infuriated British authorities retaliates by breaking off negotiations. Burgundy is reduce off, like the western sectors of post-war Berlin, along with the residents are invited to “immigrate” to England. However the Burgundians are “a combating people” and, though the young children are evacuated, the adults stand fast. As Mrs. Pemberton (Betty Warren) puts it, “We’ve usually been English and we’ll always be English; and it’s exactly since we are English that we’re sticking up for our proper to be Burgundians!” Buy Timeless DVDs Online here.
If history is to be believed the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood (PRB) was a faction of louche and rapacious deviants who flouted Victorian conventions by gormandising on drink, ingesting miscellaneous subtropical chemicals and debauching honey-eyed cygnets in a fashion equalled only by Marquis de Sade himself. History is often a hybrid account of fable and fact yet inevitably it frequently has roots in the latter. As such I have a feeling that the three predominant members of the PRB – Dante Gabriel Rossetti, William Holman Hunt and John Everett Millais – along with their champion, art critic John Ruskin, were a wild and fractious bunch – each in their own measure, but even more so when together. And there is something to be said for men who dared to defy convention in the era of pious mores and social repression. Perhaps the most appropriate would be that they were, as a brotherhood, the pioneers of the avant-garde – an axiom which cannot be applied to any other. Their subject matter was rife with sexual connotation, verging on the realms of pornography, and their irreverent depictions of Christ caused mortal offence; as did their relationships with their models. But, while polite society may have been shocked it was also quietly drawn to the works of these hircine artistes, which ironically came to epitomise the art of the Victorian age.
1.) Did You Know That (Wrath - Joey Levine) - 2:55
The genius behind it all is Steve Arroyo. He has given us a "river" (true to his last name) of restaurants starting with the original Malo (when it was smaller and less malo) and onto Cobras & Matadors and a cool sandwich place around the corner called "Potato Chip." I wanted to steal that sign too but it's too big! He's also a part owner in Umami burger (where a Cobras & Matadors used to be on Hollywood Blvd.) and he started Church & State. Dios Mio!!!!!
Secretary: Ryan Myracle
Hopefully I'll feel better for day #3.
Augusto explains: “Just six months ago archaeologists did the first excavation of the area surrounding the square block they believed was used for sacrifices, and they discovered hundreds of human and animal bones.”
Because of their mystique and their unique sound, vintage condenser microphones have
I'd better come clean here. I'm not a great fan of classic space science fiction. It doesn't speak to my heart, somehow--maybe I just haven't tried hard enough to love it as much as I do high fantasy. So why have I chosen to review WE, whose back cover blurb starts with the very sci-fi sentence "In the furthest, coldest, darkest reaches of our solar system, Paul Munro is on a mission from which he can never return."? Well, for one thing it's by John Dickinson, whose previous books I have loved, for a second, it's longlisted for the CILIP Carnegie Medal 2011, and for a third, I kept catching glimpses of high praise for it here and there on the social networks. I definitely wanted to give it a go.
Indeed he has. “He cut the F-22, future combat system, C-17 and our ground-based interceptor in Poland, to name a few,” Inhofe noted.
October 23 – Los Angeles, L.A. Historic Park
But no, it wasn't to be that simple. Today, a new letter from the debt collector arrived, addressed to Mr. CJ, and using intimidating language in a slightly different combination of sentences, insisting that the $155 had to be paid.
I don’t want to say too much about Behave and Bang. The former was more bossy than naughty and the latter rewarded the audience for laughing at her jokes by exposing a portion of her milky-white flesh. I would have laughed like a hyena if I hadn’t been falling asleep, her act being well past my normal bedtime.
125) doing admin today that needed to be done - feeling good that it is done until next time....
Imagine, if you will,
529 D-IV/18(A)/1962. “In re George Anastaplo, 366 U.S. 82 (1961): Principiis Obsta”. Interview by Gary McKinley. WOBN-Radio, Otterbein College, Westerville, Ohio. (Included in Item C-1964(1), above, pp. 681-98.)
and gifts for my niece
Here’s O ravaging the lot.
Stolichnaya Vanil (Vanilla) – 37.5%
They are simple, quality scrubs in tons of different solid colors. The cut of the pants are between a flare and a bootleg. The fit is slimmer then most scrubs I have found in local stores. along with their standard scrubs, Blue Sky also offer custom scrubs. These are fabulous for women with shorter or longer legs as you can have them custom made to your size.
Because…it’s my first day of twelve days of presents…
OK, I suppose it is that little more special for those who have chosen to save themselves for the big night---well, I'm not so sure.
It seems like some questions and some topics are pretty much evergreen, and every young (or older) person who emails me has their own individual variation on them. I'm wondering if maybe I should make a page here or on my website, rounding up all the writing related posts I've done by topic so that people can go down a list until they see the issue they'd like help with, click on a link and get taken to all the relevant articles. What do you guys think about that? Would you find it helpful? Or are you happy just clicking on the tags to find what you want?
A while back, one of my so call "friends" on Facebook called me a "paranoid asshole" (or something like that) behind my back because of some of the songs I would not allow to be embedded. (If you don't know what embedded means, don't ask me; trust me.) Evidently he believes that the music should be shared for free and artists have no rights to complain if they're used without permission. Actually, I disagree. He has done books of cartoons portraying people from New Orleans and how we talk. Ironically, he sold them......for money!!!! I am not sure how he would feel if someone copied the books and gave them away for free, especially when they were just published!
Contrived Test Situation
I love my happy boy and am loving watching his sweet personality bloom.
Pittsburgh
Usui is a mysterious enigma, with multiple talents. Despite not having much interests in anything, it appears he has quite a number of talents. Cooking, chess, violin; he can do basically anything. He is also physically strong as well, making him one of the top students of the school.
14. The human heart creates enough pressure while pumping to squirt blood 30 feet!
“It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.” – Henry Ford
The next day, we took a marathon of a trip home. An awesomely long, terribly extended, seriously arduous journey back. In the rain.
For example, if I were to mention the type of ammo I used at the range and I decide to give all the spec to include grain. It would would look something like this...grain (measure of the weight of the bullet in grains). Very basic and not even close to covering all that is involved in grains of a bullet or what it means to shooting etc, but a person reading my post could get the idea of how grain would pertain to what I was discussing.
Another fun thing to do in Harlingen is to take a boat trip on the Regina Andrea, which will take you seal watching on the sandbanks of the Wadden Sea. The round trip takes about 2 hours and on board the guide will tell you all about the Wadden Sea and the seals, of course.
He told me the date, not far from now, and where, what city, and what time, and the circumstances. Quite simply, an insane member of FIGU would assassinate me for revealing the truth about Billy Meier, that he has lost his marbles and has not been in contact with the Plejarans since 1995.
Yield: Makes 1 serving
When viewing a long anime series, the recap episode or what others would call filler episodes would often act as a break in the series to give viewers a rundown of what has happened so far in the story. Sometimes recaps don’t come in the form of a full-fledged episode, but a five minute recount of the events that has happened in a previous episode.
In other words, what we have in the case of President Carter and in this very remarkable conversation is a trajectory that is all together familiar to those who know what happened during the twentieth century in the different kinds of developments in terms of Biblical inspiration, Biblical authority, denominational life, and the public understanding of scripture. President Carter wants to say many very true things about scripture. He very clearly believes that the scripture reveals divine truth, but he doesn’t believe that every word of scripture is inerrant or inspired. And he believes that the divine authors of scripture, though inspired, were trapped within the worldview of their times, and thus susceptible to at least some degree of error. He suggests that when it comes to human sexuality, even though he says straight forwardly that the apostle Paul speaks very clearly to homosexuality, listing it with other sins, he says that he does not want to judge homosexuals on
Talent Badges: Bronze Sewing Badge
Art enters a wide room with a four-foot ceiling. In the
I mean I know it's classed as something that you can safely eat without any harm incurred, but that's only because it's classed as non-toxic. The glitters are actually suggested as only for use as decoration. I can't find one example of an edible glitter that doesn't actually have 'only for decoration purposes' in small print. If you want a truly edible glitter that is completely water soluble and for specific consumption you need to buy 'flakes' - which aren't nearly as sparkly and 'WOW' but are, actually supposed to be eaten. Here's what some of the websites say:
The word ‘cock’ in Pretending Things Are a Cock had to be censored (to ‘c*ck’) on the image used in the Fringe Programme because the word was deemed to be offensive, though the image itself (see above) was not.
Either way, the glass bottleneck is a real problem and one of the many new challenges local authorities will need to address in the coming years.
My second question is: Why does the statistical data for population in my area show that there is a deficit of young men compared to other population groups? Where do they all go?
And the other thing about followers is that like a lot of people I would rather have just a few that actually read it, left an occasional comment and participated then thousands that are just pictures on the sidebar. Sometimes a new one appears, leaves a comment with a URL inviting me (a middle aged sarcastic bitch) to follow their blog that's about either computer games or being a "mommy" (they clearly never read my posts about Son). Or my pet hate, endless pictures of idiots falling off skateboards/writing on drunk people/dribbling babies, all stolen from other sites and music videos from bands I have never heard of, but no actual written content although they do have 25 adsense banners.
*Happy Fathers Day to a winning coach!
I get so breathless, when you call my name,
Needless to say, PF said this was not true and that the staff probably just didn't hand it over. (They are sending a van to collect it tomorrow by the way.)
(4) In addition to these individual linguistic devices, literary texts frequently possess rhetorical patterns.
*You are such a good talker and can have conversations with us. I dont think there is anything you dont say!
One of the problems with the modern church is that we have tried to attach too many conditions to salvation. However, the Bible is clear when it tells us that the way to be saved is for the sinner to accept by faith what the Bible teaches about Jesus and His atoning death on the cross, (Romans 10:9-10). This is what the preaching of the cross is all about! It is not about you quitting your sins (This is not to say continue your sinful life), It is about you coming to Jesus by faith! It’s not about turning over a new leaf by our own accord, it’s about placing your faith in Jesus and Him alone for salvation!
Mr. Leck.
At Giulia’s, the lady of the house and Alexander recline in bed and she asks about Orsini. Alexander says the man was a fool, because he couldn’t understand that God’s work can be done by even the most unlikely servants. She crawls over to him and he admires her beauty and decides to have a portrait painted of her.
I copied the picture and the following text from a great website; 'In Rome now' ..... "Francesco Barbieri, known as Guercino (1591-1666), was one of the most admired and sought after painters of his day. As a young boy, he taught himself the craft of painting before leaving Cento, the small town near Ferrara were he was born. He was influenced by deep, rich colors, applied loosely in the Venetian way, and the new, more intimate manner of interpreting religious themes from careful study and emulation of Ludovico Caracci’s "Madonna with St. Francis", the town’s one great artwork, which hung in a local church.
Cinematography and sound. They’re like bread and butter, Harold and Lardy, Politicians and dishonesty, their just essential to one another. For sound there isn’t just one example as I’m a strong believer in it making up for half the film. Really you try to watch a film with just dialogue and no score or foley and you’ll get bored pretty quick. On the cinematography front Hero (2002 Dir: Yimou Zhang) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0299977/ comes straight to mind. I remember watching for the first time when I was in 6th form and being blown away by it. The shots, the colours, the camera movement; it was just like watching a living piece of art. The film also contains some very notable Chinese actors and the story is wonderful too. Please watch this film. It is a feast for your eyes.
“We aren’t going far. Just a short ride, and then we’ll come back. Trust me, it’ll be okay.”
Hand love to nations
It's a tent where writers, their partners and publicists can drink coffee or beer or whisky and eat sandwiches or buns and I am relying on it for Saturday sustenance. But it is so much more than a tent - more of a Bedouin mirage in the middle of Charlotte Square. It's one of the few places in the world where you feel you are living the writer's life that non-writers believe goes on every day.
I know a bit about other religions and I have not heard of any of them “offering rest”
Winless in 14 games (Philippine Cup), so winning a single match would be enough to justify Franz Pumarenz’ coaching gig.
a week; and even become a vegan all in an attempt to connect with Jesus Christ.
-Ponder. Never took ballet
4 sprigs fresh dill weed
The coach who led the Phoenix into its new era of football was Al Seagraves, who had been a longtime assistant to Charlie Taaffe at The Citadel. Seagraves would coach Elon for eight seasons, with his last year being Elon’s first as a Southern Conference school.
And, this just came in from the library:
Oh, yeah, the rain never got to more than a light occasional sprinkle, although I did see a flash of lightening off to the northeast just before we left the Rusty Bridge.
Efficacy of Mobile Technology in Student Competency Tracking (MDCL 1008)
As an aside, and I will totally catch flack for this by someone I am sure but I so sympathize with Dr. Horrible from Doctor Horrible’s Sing-a-Long Blog. The poor man is just so pathetic you really can not help to feel bad for him. Doctor Horrible Official Site This is the geek in me. It is a great story though. You should check out the comic too, it gives some additional background on the characters.
E@L feels comfortably at home with the jarring discomfort as his rattling red taxi bounces from tram-track to barely-repaired pothole down Queens Road West towards his hotel in Sai Wan. (Sai Wan? you scream, WTF are doing out there?).
Following is a sample of code (wrapped in a main method) which demonstrates the inner class concept in action. The content of the main would be added to the Pega Java activity and then modified and enhanced to capture the data of interest. As you can see, it is an elegant solution to the problem and shows the power of Java’s inner class at work!
2. Think outside the box. We are looking for individuals that will wow us
07. Inner Light (Vocal Mix)
3. “Guys are sensitive too. We get emotional. We get hurt. And we cry.”
How is it that the Aussie Dollar can rally so hard at a time when the RBA is about to cut rates and probably signal more cuts? How can it be that Australian Yields and thus spreads to the US and other markets are contracting? How can it be that the Aussie is rallying when April has been one of the biggest month’s for equity withdrawals in the past generation of investors? How is it as the global growth profile is once again weakening and China looks like it is slowing as well?
Lesson 27 Vocabulary Words (5/2 to 5/5)
Over the many years I maintained the “Institute” I collected all manner of data in order to respond to serious questions about boredom. I probably should have written a book about and am glad that Prof. Toohey has.
Texas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Missouri, Kansas, Nebraska, North Dakota — these areas shown in the video forecast — watch for the next 48 hours approx. 1230am CDT 4/7/2012 … possibly up to 72 hours.. but most likely the next 2 days or less.
09. Cabin Down Below
Grief comes in stages and eventually turns into the Roller Coaster from hell. The good days are SO GOOD, and then the bad days hit you like a ton of bricks.
They should have had them dropped into a sewage treatment plant wearing suits made from dead fish...I can hear her now: Is that lavender?
Maggie Tarver, Chief Executive of The New Zealand Society of Authors (PEN NZ Inc.) is excited about the new award which describes as "an amazing opportunity for any writer." She went on to say, “In a time when more and more manuscripts are being rejected by mainstream publishers we are confident that we will get some really exciting entries”.
½ cup butter, softened
At the same time I've been thinking about what my mission for LLM Calling really is and have become a finalist in the Brilliance in Blogging Awards in the category of change.
In Ghana I faced corruption and compassion, grit and beauty, poverty and richness in equal measure. It is a beautiful and complicated country. And Ghanaians are proud. They taught me about nationalism and a loyalty I had never known. As a Canadian I had always wondered what our ‘culture’ was. Ghanaians know their culture. And they will defend their flag at all times.
One reason, could be becasue the Academy selects ‘Artsy’ or ’2 streets west of Main Stream’ films. Giving merit to films lacking BILLION dollar budgets and massive theatre appeal is noble, but it also eliminates a huge audience. If you havent seen at least ONE of the nominated films for Best Picture… you are not invested in the ‘race’. If you have not seen the performances of at least ONE fo the lead actors/actresses… why the heck do you care who wins…. unless you are sold on one person’s image over another. For example, we ALL wanted Sandra Bullock to win – because we loved her. Her movie was terrible, nothing more than a nice flick to watch alone in a hotel or on a plane. But guess what? George Clooney and Brad Pitt are going to get beat out by an unknown frenchman in a silent movie. We all WANT George or Brad to take it… but neither of them will. Thats a problem if you’re the Academy.
At the same time, Taiwan took in large numbers of refugees from different parts of Mainland China with different dialects and traditions of their own—an estimated 1 to 1.5 million. This experience would help prepare the Taiwanese for the current wave of non-Chinese immigrants:
I made a simple spicy, garlicky cheese sauce to dip these in because it sounded good and I was already chopping jalapenos and garlic for guacamole and sliders that I was making. It turned out to be a great dipping sauce for the pretzels adding a spicy kick to the slightly sweet and salty pretzel dough. They would also be good with mustard or a cheddar cheese sauce. Of course you can also sub cinnamon and sugar for the salt sprinkled on before baking and make more dessert-like pretzels if you prefer.
Life has been hectic as of late. Finals are stressful, as always. It’s been really, really difficult to focus. There’s a lot on my mind, yet I can’t seem to find the time to process it. It was good to see an old friend for a couple days this past week, and I’m excited to see some more mid-week.
What have you been organizing lately?
Fluency: Reading Rate
In their natural state, morels are a healthy delicacy. But doctored up with the secret Jeff Kortuem recipe, they're danged near instant artery cloggers. And that's what makes them so good.
Oh yea... it passed with flying colors! Nice flavor, good texture and not too dense.
That child to hear you. He intent
5. A MOUSE TRAP PLACED ON TOP OF YOUR ALARM CLOCK WILL PREVENT YOU FROM ROLLING OVER AND GOING BACK TO SLEEP AFTER YOU HIT THE SNOOZE BUTTON.
How can an employer reduce/limit WC premiums? There are many ways to help reduce the cost of WC premiums. Employers can reap the rewards of ensuring job classifications and payroll records are accurate; invest in aggressive safety programs that reward good and safe workplace practices; create opportunities for modified work programs to help return workers to productive; and closely monitor open claims and reserves.
Heidi arrived next with a card full of fun for her daughter's birthday in (wait for it) August! Now, if that isn't organised!! Loads going on here, and it all works together so well - great image too. And wow, check out the hand made flowers - love the idea of the calendar page too, I've seen that on a few cards lately and it's a terrific idea! So, did you make the flowers yourself then Heidi?
Focus, focus, focus! It is definitely something I need to focus more on! Ha! But seriously, it's so easy to be distracted.... I start painting and then think of something else I have to do, a block I wanted to design or a blog post I wanted to write.... or I get an email or 2 or 3 that I feel I have to attend to immediately.... or I decide to throw in a load of laundry.... Lists help me, but I feel like I need much more, like someone standing over me with a whip forcing me to just do one thing at a time.... my brain oftentimes feels like a ping pong ball just going back and forth and everywhere. Can anyone else relate?? I'm sure many of you can. Any suggestions? Sometimes (oftentimes) I actually feel guilty because I think that if I were more focused I'd make better use of my time and get lots more done. (Is the guilt just a female thing? I have a hard time imagining my husband feeling guilty about something like that....)
Suffice to say he was the beauty of this sacred mountain.
SU BigShot Die:
October 13, 2010
I am a lover of open-ended questions. Perhaps this has made me annoyingly inquisitive, like a four year-old who repeatedly asks “Why?” while his parents are trying to get un-lost on vacation. But, I truly believe that if we are going to be more dedicated servants and more passionate worshipers of Christ, then we should learn to ask open-ended questions while talking to other Christians, reading the Bible, and reading things like… Christian biographies. Christian biographies are usually on my summer reading list, and in case they’re on yours as well, below is a list of open-ended questions that I hope will help you get the most out of the lives of faithful saints who have gone before us. First, here are a few bios that you should add to your list: Spurgeon by Arnold Dallimore, George Whitfield by Arnold Dallimore, John and Betty Stam by Vance Christie, and just out last month, John MacArthur by Ian Murray.
Everything including our relationship has been better since we moved, I just hope that we do not sink back to our old selves.
Elena calls Jeremy and, the next morning, the two of them attend a meeting of the Inter-racial Council. There they are told about a shaman who had been kidnapped and taken away from his home in Virginia to a compound run by Tyrone Winsloe and Lawrence Matasumi. With his abilities of Astral projection, the shaman is able to not only determine that he is not the only captive, but also to contact the shaman on the Inter-racial Council, Kenneth.
The Lord says there is someone here, he said your constant prayer has been; God bless Daddy G.O, the Lord asked me to tell you, I will bless you also.
No matter what you do in life, you always need to change in so way. Sometimes the change is for the bad and we need to watch for those bad pitfalls. Most the time change is for the good and will help you down the world.
Here she is, the Pink lady.
Flashed his Oyster card
Day 3: At Sea
WHY IS THIS STILL ALLOWED!!!!!?
and I used a piece of grey lace, a chain, and some string.
No, I can't say that I'm kept up at night dreaming of plastic surgery or bashing my head on the wall for stupid things said and done. But of course I can recognise where there is room for improvement and of course I have regrets.
to shape and build long stretches of music while simultaneously
None of the principles I will mention in the following paragraphs should be new to you. If you haven’t figured some of this stuff out on your own then you might need to be reading a different book right now. Like I said before the principles I am discussing take place all around you all the time. All I am doing is showing you the interplay of each of them and how recognizing and influencing them can help you better determine the outcome
I love meeting new people and if there’s that instant connection, our conversations fly, as if to catch up on all the lost time.
“And when the south wind blew softly, supposing they had obtained their purpose, loosing thence, they sailed close by Crete.”
Tea has a reputation for being a friend to your health, and rightly so. From reducing your risk of heart attack and stroke, to protecting your bones, tea's benefits are vast. But you may want to think twice if you're the type to add a bit of milk to your tea. New studies are showing that caseins, proteins in the milk, can actually block many of the beneficial effects. There still seems to be some benefit, but just not as much. Something to think about next time you're deciding how to have your tea!
I am delighted to provide this sneak peak at my friend Kam Mak's Lunar New Year postal stamp which he has designed for The Year of the Dragon. To find more information about Kam and the history of the Lunar New Year stamp which he has been commissioned to design up through 2019, click HERE.
Flynn
And the ratings are falling for these entertainment shows.
One year ago on Palm Sunday the tertians in Australia celebrated their last Mass together at Sevenhill. It began with the blessing of palms out by the metal sculpture of Mary and then proceeded into the chapel for Mass. The long retreat had ended three days earlier. An hour or so after lunch we departed for two nights in Adelaide and then four of us began the very long drive (1000 miles) from Adelaide to Sydney. That was a fascinating two day adventure that included being stopped in a routine drink-driving stop (at 11 AM), an overnight in Hay that featured the kind of meal that could only be tolerated with three beers, and a finish in the ghastly rush hour traffic typical of Sydney.
Deeks breaks my I don’t do scruff rule because I would so do that…anyway, moving on….Why would the guy kill his accomplice? Or maybe she was just a convenient beard? Looks like Hetty and I think alike.
Well, I can say with absolute clarity that all the hype and all the excitement is deserved.
the kids yelled out the window, with little high pitched voices "Moooooom, I think you have enough.!"
Like many... I have resolutions that I create every year and by January 3rd, they are all forgotten. However, this year, along with my personal resolutions, I wanted to add a few "vintage" inspired resolutions.Not too many, as I will more than likely get way too overwhelmed. So on to my vintage resolutions of 2012.
“Alice! Alice!” A voice. A voice from what seemed so far away began to come into focus and clarity.
"Oh, him, he's yours"
Green...
The Roosevelts
Then again in verse 28, “
Saige was at her dad's last weekend and when I put the babies to bed I realized the guinea pig wasn't really very spry. (Yes. Mr. Doodles is a girl. What? Miss Doodles is a stupid name.) I sent downstairs and told Mike the critter wasn't doing well. We really had no solution since I am both unwilling to handfeed the thing canned pumpkin and spend 300 bucks at an exotic pet vet.
Onepiece 665 Spoilers at manganoise.wordpress.com will out on Tue or Wed. If you like discuss the onepiece ワンピース ネタバレ 665 please leave a comment bellow. Please be patient.
1. San Diego Chargers
Joe Killen, who is standing in local elections for Birkenhead and Tranmere ward, was shown in a series of pictures with his right arm raised to imitate the salute of allegiance to the German Führer.
The team was PUMPED and ready to go. The mission of the day was Team Denya - get her to the finish line!
Found yesterday on the sale rail of the Climbers Shop in Ambleside… a Montane Slipstream Featherlite Smock, specially made for them and in shiny silver Pertex Quantum. The price made me smile, lots. £22.50. Meet my new best friend.
Vote.
Take along some Sowbugs as well’
2And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband.
Complementing Beck’s guitar work on several tracks will be a 64-piece orchestra. The legendary rocker says the idea to bring in an orchestra evolved from his work on Gustav Mahler’s Symphony No. 5, which he recorded a few years ago.
1/2 cup sliced almonds, toasted
At the beginning you’re bound to make some mistakes, disappoint yourself and sometimes feel like you’re not good enough, but it’s part of the process. Just keep working on it and you’ll “close that gap.”
- Find a creative space for a home office
“Tee-Tee!” I heard a familiar voice scream: it was Alexis! She and a BUNCH of other people ran into the room, holding baseball bats and bottles.
I have lots to look forward to.
But as soon as I started scanning the larger photograph and examining it in detail, I was drawn to my mother. There is something about the composition which just draws your eye to her face and challenges you to guess her emotions. She is standing there supported by two knees, two parents, and by a kind of grim determination.
Being the first class a lot of time was taken up with induction and paperwork of course. Like it or not these things have to be done. We spent a bit of time looking at some example pieces the tutor had bought in to show us and different beads and elastics we would be using for the first project, today.
If anyone in this courtroom reads the notes I'm taking, they will be highly disturbed. #HIGHLY
As I have been trying to educate you: Things are getting worse. Had we accepted binding arbitration this would not have bothered us. Had we negotiated in good faith on management's opening offer, instead of dismissing it out of hand, we could have had a contract by now, significantly better than the contract you work under at this moment.. But instead, we shoot for the moon and watch, as the the inexorable flow of bad economic news flows toward us, undermining our future. It is not over. It WILL continue.
Dr. Valerie Cruz, a historian on Texas folk traditions expressed her frustration at the incident citing that, “Tejano music comes from Norteno. You know, this whole thing is crazy, just like my mom who has Alzheimer’s. Simply loca. She forgets everything, and is always angry about something. Tejano music as we know it now came from Conjunto, which guess what? Came from the Germans, which Norteno was also influenced by. Why not wage war on the Germans? Would anyone oppose this?”
37. Patrick Stump - Truant Wave EP
Honestly?
I give this book 2.8 out of 5 due to the lack of depth of the characters and the flow of the book but the strong story line that makes me want to continue reading the series just to find out what happens to our sexy Warriors.
The flowers are handmade from the same Fabscraps paper. They are just a simple 2 layer flower with sunburst centers and a Prima crystal. I inked and added a couple Prima resin corners and that's it!
The bench had in its order said monies generated and stashed away reveal the degree of “softness of the State”.
His books include "In Search of Sugihara: The Elusive Japanese Diplomat Who Risked his Life to Rescue 10,000 Jews from the Holocaust," "Economic Origins of Antisemitism: Poland and its Jews in the Early Modern Period," and "The Death of an American Jewish Community: A Tragedy of Good Intentions," about the redlining of mortgages enacted by the banking consortium Boston Banks Urban Renewal Group in Dorchester, Roxbury and Mattapan in the 1960s.
But on a lighter note, football season means that football is on 24/7 in our house and when football is not on the big screen, then it means my husband is in the woods somewhere trying to shoot something....yes my friends, hunting season is upon us so I have kissed my husband goodbye until New Years Day.....before you start shedding any tears for TCO, let me let you in on how I plan on spending all this newly acquired singledom...reading and catching up on honey do tasks!!!! When the tube is on the pigskin, I get to catch up on all the reading that I didn't get done this Summer, and when the hubs is away, I get to catch up on projects around the house.....this excites me greatly as my list is growing by the minute!!!!!!
“Paul speaks of a wish toward good, but power to carry it out is lacking. A stronger power than his was needed. God provided that power through Christ, so that we could find a new kind of relationship with God. Christ gives the power, we appropriate it. It is not anything that we do ourselves, but it is the appropriation of a power that comes from God that saves us from sin and sets us free.” Dick B., Anne Smith’s Journal, page 22
3) We have a bigger house.
It is a good feeling when people love your children.
So….this blog would not benefit them,
A good diet is important for a number of reasons; good nutrition improves children’s attendance, concentration, learning potential and wellbeing. Furthermore, good nutrition acts as a combatant against disease and illness, and contributes to more mobility in old age.
Eighteen years after their sci-fi adventure show "Galaxy Quest" was cancelled, actors Jason Nesmith, Gwen DeMarco, Alexander Dane, Tommy Webber, and Fred Kwan are making appearances at sci-fi conventions in costume and character. They're wallowing in despair and are at each other's throats until real aliens, known as Thermians, arrive, and having mistaken the show for historical fact and consequently modelled their entire culture around it, take the actors into space to save them from the genocidal alien General Sarris and his armada.
Before he ascended into Heaven the Lord said to His disciples,
I urged her to press harder on my golden spot which did immediately. As she did the pulsing of my gland deep inside me under her thumb intensified and the pleasure that was growing did with it. I felt the pressure of growing arousal in my perineum. I focused my thoughts on the pleasure and tried to clear everything else out of my mind. I had the uncontrollable urge to thrust my pelvis up. When I did I clenched my anus and held myself a few inches off of the pillows between her thighs. The response was immediate. I did it slowly a few more times. The intensity of the pulsing and thumping inside of me and in my cockhead doubled as I squeezed my prostate with the muscles inside of me, it caught me by surprise; so much so that temporarily I was immobilized and the urge to hold my breath and feel the pleasure seized me.
To find fungi hiding under the trees
Dick and I had been engaged in a conversation that began with his story about a lunch-time chess club he started at his son’s school. The school had an enrollment of about three hundred kids and within a short period of time attendance at the chess club had risen to ninety. Dick was fun; chess was fun; learning was fun.
By Ron Morrow.
it's sunday and i'm waiting for phone calls.
Lowpin' and flingin' on a cummock (jumping and capering on a staff),
I've been spending time on the shores of Lake Erie, Ontario, which was once called "Ontario's North Shore" but now all the signs say "Ontario's South Coast," which I suspect is an attempt to bring in more tourism. Rebranding is always a valiant effort, unless it's done often, then it's just a shit product.
While we are at the colour analysis of brands, a competition scan based only on colours can also prove helpful. This results in an understanding of the most popularly used colours in this category in your market. This could mean either of two things: these colours are very important in that category therefore we should not disregard them, or there is way too much of these colours, so we should stay away from them. This is a call that needs to be taken after a deeper understanding of the category.
I am mad for her!
I had my hopes up and they were crushed.
I’m getting off track though. These smarts unfortunately don’t always come in the common “brainy” variety. He’s got the other smarts that run in both the Hughes and Stephenson gene pool too….you know, the smart a$%es. So here’s the game Ryan and I play while Isabel is doing her best imitation of Rocky on a toddler bike. Its the “I know I can’t go into the the street, but I’m going to try” game. Ryan has full understanding of the word “no.” He ignores my saying it plenty, but he totally gets it. So, as we sit, he toddles towards the street. He makes sure I’m watching of course. And when he checks if I’m watching, I get….the smirk. Right now its cute. But I’m sure the day will come where it will make me want to throw him at the wall. And then he toddles full speed to the street. I start saying no, but he keeps going…..and he goes until his toes are touching the joint between the concrete gutter and the asphalt pavement. Then he looks back at me again and grins and smirks. I yell at him again…..he waits until I start to get up…..and then he runs full speed from the street back into our yard. This game may be the most funnest game ever…..at least for him. We play it a lot. Pretty much every time we go outside. Here he’s beating his hasty retreat.
People are all about giving God credit for the good stuff, but you never hear anyone give him credit for striking some kid with cancer or a fire that burns a house down. (And those that would comfort a grieving parent with "God has a plan" should die a thousand fiery deaths.)
In fact, most studies show that when you change yourself to be like the person you think your ex wants you to be, your chances of keeping him or her go down. This is because in the end no one wants a pet monkey. They want an independent soul. They want someone who speaks there mind and knows who they are inside. If you want your ex back fast do not try and be who you think your ex wants you to be, be who you know you are. If your ex does not like this then he or she is not the one for you. There are many others out there that just might be the one for you. However, if you insist on moving forward remember this next thought.
I left off on week 10 - polka dots mani.
It's taking a while to publish, but I'm typing. It would be a great disservice to you to waste your time with these written words AND expect you to listen to the ten-minute long diatribe. So I will sum up the whole thing here:
I will write back in 3 months and let you know how it goes. No fibs, no exaggerations, just honest consumer opinion. Now, I won’t be posting any before and after photos as I don’t wish to give anyone nightmares or scare women off getting pregnant. So while my stomach is a crude map of downtown Toronto, it is a road map I took to motherhood and a trip I was glad to make!
“We call it Feminemineminemism,” he said.
Steel Dies: Spellbinders (Labels Twenty) & Papertrey Ink (RickRack Border)
Imagine what can be done if game developers really do take inspiration from other forms of art, be it dance, literature, painting and drawing, and incorporating it into their own work. Imagine if they give credit, giving us a fresh new perspective and encouraging us to look at the art itself.
Despite having to get up at 5am every day to get to work for 7.30am, he loves his job: “I like working with the trainees because they’re such wonderful, bright young people,” he says.”I learn a lot from them, but they’ll often come to me with grammatical questions.”
My brothers and I, our wives and family would like to wish everyone in the Bayou Teche Brewing community a Joyeux Noël et Bonne Année.
Did the men on board that ship have a better idea? They did all they could and their fate was doomed. There was no way out. Then Paul shouted out, “I believe God that it shall be even as it was told me.”
Pages read since last update: 100
2. Avoid sugar like a plague.
one case the face was mashed in and the skull contained
I. Stop the bleeding of cash as IBM is running out of money.
5. My mother taught me MORE LOGIC.
Next up we spent a wonderful evening at the well known Restaurant Miramar feasting on the local specialty- Bouillabaisse. The huge bowls of seafood were presented to us first followed by the even larger bowls of broth which was incredibly rich and filling. We could barely make a dent in ours (after 1st courses of foie gras and a crab, mango and avocado millefeuille) but watched the rest of the diners sop up every last bit with toasts.
VIP packages include seating in the front two rows and a quaint meet and greet. VIP guests leave with great memories, chef's autograp, and a special goodie bag including your favorite chef's cook book.
Now dont get me wrong….this thing connects to the phone no problem (I am using a blackberry bold) and the internal speaker is suppurb. I would give that alone 5 stars. It is crystal clear, on both ends of the call. And really that is the meat and potatos of this device.
I had been speaking Arabic for a couple of hours now to everyone in the market, again with the same standard, original town-last name-where did you flee to, questions and answers we Palestinians recite as easily as we take our breaths. So, when I got to the end of the market and (one of) the entrance(s) to Al-Aqsa, I was not exactly in Israeli soldier mode.
For as long as I can remember I’ve had a pile of books to read that was as large (if not larger) than books that I’ve actually read. I seem to acquire books at an alarming rate and I know one day I’ll have to get a place big enough to have a library room to house them all (a girl can dream, right?) Since buying an iPad and discovering the joys of eBooks (how have I waited so long to get onto eBooks?!) my ‘to read’ list is increasing exponentially!
So today is the start of a new journey, a journey that I hope will see me achieve the successes I achieve before, both in terms of weight loss and blood glucose control. If I did it before, logic dictates I can do it again. I must accept that I have changed, my control has slipped, so in all likelihood this new journey may well be more difficult than my last journey.
blogger has the bilkies at the moment and i hope they fix it soon.
Gamma dose rates reported specifically for the eastern part of Fukushima prefecture, for distances beyond 30 km from Fukushima Dai-ichi, showed a similar general decreasing tendency, ranging from 0.1 to 19.4 μSv/h on 25 April. The latest maximum reported value for 20 April was 24 μSv/h.
10. Blind Saviour 05:19
The Basque Region of Spain will regulate cannabis markets in 2012. Furthermore the Basque regions natonal health authority has denounced cannabis prohibition. The leading health official in the region is Rafael Bengoa, who said “”We do not want to be prohibitionists”.
While authority over Class II and Class III? Class II gaming was left to a large farm house for your guests and family concerts. Lyric Theatre consists of performers from Oklahoma joined the tulsa oklahoma houses and state both agreed to set up a minuscule eight-thousandths of a Victorian city. The entire central residential and business district has its own special way of life.
Emily narrowed her eyes on her glass, all the chocolate syrup going to the bottom of the glass. “Good.” Smiling, she stuck her finger in the cup, mixing the chocolate with her milk. “Thanks Mr. Grandpa.”
Anna: Anyway, you can call Bestie and tell him you're going to be late for dinner, because I'm not going to.
Thank’s to technology a person can now become an online journalist without restraint. My very own blog is a great example, I did not have to hold a degree to warrant a right to write this blog, yet here it is available to the public eye. Long gone the days where we would sit down and read the paper or turn on the news and sit without distractions watching so we didn’t miss any important details. Now you are likely to find us sitting down on our computers checking sites like News.com.au or reading our Facebook/twitter to see if anything important has happened throughout the day. Citizen Journalism could be said to be putting the big companies out of business due to how easy it is for an ordinary individual to post their own stories and reviews on the internet for public display. Many no longer see the need to look else where for their information.
AMA Pro Racing
Pray that God's love and peace would settle on this tiny island nation and that this place once known mostly for voodoo, would become a triumphant nation of hope in Christ.
31st Mar 1984 Glasgow College of Technology
Applications are due May 1, and the workshop itself runs July 7–28. More information is available on the workshop website.
The ‘therapy’ didn’t help in the slightest with a single one of my problems. As all they did was tell me I ought to be eating foods I’m allergic to and accuse me of being bulimic (I can never decide whether the irony of that makes me want to laugh or cry) and threaten to lock me up until I was eighteen and then transfer me to an adult unit saying that I was too unstable to ever be let out, I eventually managed to force myself to gain enough weight to have enough strength to stop my mum dragging me in through the doors.
—From "Spring Awakenings," published at 8 p.m. on April 1, 2010: "But wait a minute, some of you might be wondering: Aren't you supposed to be working today? In fact, thanks to the Asia and Europe editions of The Wall Street Journal not publishing on Friday and Monday, I have Thursday and Sunday off. Four-day weekend, woo-hoo!"
A signed written statement from each partner, stating that they are single (if you have been married before, a copy of the divorce papers)
Ahora este app fantástico se expandió a la comida con Rama Food. Buscaron a food bloggers que especializaban en escribir sobre comida en las ciudades que ellos buscaban.
Photos(c)Rodney Christensen 2011
pray continually
Those opposed say leashes are for dogs.
They were all looking at me on the bed.
much of the same. There’s not much new territory here for White, and without the creative tension of his other projects, it’s missing many of the sparks that ignite his other albums. That’s no slight to his new crew of musicians. For all the hullaballoo about his recent Saturday Night Live appearance with two bands—one all-female, one all-male—it’s the women who get the vast majority of the work here, including ace drummer Carla Azar and piano player Brooke Waggoner. White’s talented enough to play every part on this album himself, but he needs players of his own calibre to capture the sound of sweat in the
And springs the wood anew.
War-lord of the wave-horse
The first thing you need to understand: The firearm is not the solution to every confrontation, even if deadly force is justified. When your confines are The Hole, introducing a gun may result in the suspect seizing it and using it against you. My opinion – based solely on personal experience – is that when confronted at double-arm’s length, you need simple-to-perform (but quite effective) hand-to-hand combat techniques, such as knee, elbow, palm-heel, forearm and head-butt strikes. Unfortunately, these skills are being replaced with more complicated subject-control techniques, such as wristlocks, pressure points, grappling and arm-bar takedowns. This is regrettable, because to disengage and create the space needed to employ a firearm, you must make aggressive strikes to soft parts of the body.
I don't currently have anything else (speaking engagements/signings)
I am still sweeping up rogue glitter 8 days later. She said it was her best day ever so it was probably all worth it.
After I reflected on all of my fun parties in 2011 it made me think about all the other projects that keep me busy. So today I'm sharing some of my favorite crafty projects from this past year. With debut of Pinterest I'm surprised I don't have a million more to share (I certainly have a ton of projects on my "to-do" list!)
The scout’s eyes lit up. Even though they were well supplied back at the FEMA camp, food had been in short supply during their foray into the swamp.
Because of her popularity with the press, Rogers’ death became front page news in all the New York City newspapers. Members of the press cast suspicion on her fiancée Daniel Payne, who had told the police that on the day of Roger’s disappearance, he had visited his brother and had spent the day bouncing to and from several bars and restaurants. To prove his innocence, Payne, produced sworn affidavits from witnesses, saying he was indeed where he said he was on the day Rogers’ disappeared.
(I guess it's around here I stopped marking actual times...)
Oxenberg
“Then it doesn’t matter which way you go,” said the Cat.
of rigid impervious supports arranged such that no part of the trailing edge of the forward section may be
So I decide instead to open my mouth and let him have some verbal bullets straight to his puzzled head,
quiet storm. born and raised in new york. twenty-four year old recent college grad. passionate. multi-lingual. dedicated. activist. feminist. budding organizer. volunteer. legal worker. truth seeker. music addict. vegetarian. avid reader. gym-goer. who loves. and loves building with you. and loves the moon. and water. and mangoes. and warm weather. and hugs. and genuineness. who writes poetry. who laughs hard. and works hard. who is driven
Now onto the actual colours. Before they were released there was some speculation based on the photoshopped pictures that they were repackaged like her eyedusts (people thought of Stargazer which does have several good dupes for the colours) but this is absolutely not true. The lipsticks may possibly be private label but are not just repackaged. The Candyfuture range features several unusual colours as well as some bog standard pinks and a red. Claire managed to get 3 of the 4 colours that i would actually have been interested in trying (the other being No She Didn't) Airbourne Unicorn, D'lilac and Cosmopop.
I am currently finishing off the scripts that I’ve written for my two primary theatre classes to perform.
Hey girls :) I'm gonna make this brief :) It's almost 10pm, and CPT and I and the in-laws are sitting around chatting. It's been a good and long day. Wanna tie this up and get to bed. I didn't sleep well last night, for some reason.
I want him at Kiel's birthday. I do. But I also want Kiel to have a party without his brother melting down or misbehaving. Or making it all about him.
If so how much notice would you expect and vice versa
But can a chef expect to have copyright over dishes which he includes on his menu?
Tonight, we celebrated our first year anniversary at as a homebrew club by hosting Bill Kroft of Marzoni's Brick Oven & Brewing and his good friend and homebrewer Mark Dellinger. We met at 7pm at the Coney for our monthly meeting, with 11 regular club members in attendance.
With a knowing look, Freydolf waved him off. “I’ll fill the trough and throw down some straw for his horses.”
Here are some other tips for buying running shoes:
Because of this, Shannon has to peer out from behind the dumpster in order to see where they are. As she sneaks a peak from her location, she manages to see one of her pursuers. Seeing him, Shannon quickly ducks back to her hidey-hole. From what she can tell, only one of them is coming her way. This means that she has to only worry about one person at the moment. This makes it easier for Shannon because she only needs to fend off one person when she makes her move. She can worry about the other person later.
Now enjoy your winter creation! :)
I'm not sure what happened. It's not as though marriage or children has made my life less interesting. Maybe less heartbreaking...but much more interesting :)
These are both lovely, but they're not free.
Penelope started crying after a minute or two, but even I could tell she was having a little trouble breathing. She was a little pale, but she did start whimpering so i knew she could breath. The nurses had to put a few things on her to get all the mucous out of her lungs. She had 'Wet Lungs', which is common, but makes breathing a little difficult at first. The thing is, I wasn't even upset, because I've watched enough ba.by story to know that since she wasn't being taken to the NICU all was going to be okay, and it was. About an hour after she was born the nurses said, oh good, her color looks better, and they admitted they'd been a little worried. I told them I knew they were but I wasn't, and all was well. Over the next 24 hours Penny did cough up some extra fluid, but that seemed to have stopped by the next day.
Are Piper and the other pastors who have promoted the ESV pleased with all these changes? Did we place our trust in an inferior product that is acknowledged to be so by its own translation team?
Pollard’s lawyer, Nitzana Darshan-Leitner, said he suffers from diabetes, high blood pressure and kidney stones. Pollard attorney Eliot Lauer says his client’s medical problems have included loss of balance, fainting, repeated falls, extreme dizziness, severe nausea and excruciating abdominal pain in the area of the gall bladder and pancreas.
Chromatron - Casio Amnesia
"try running around the track three times without stopping"
So it was cute. The house needed a new coat of paint. Probably would need a new roof within the next year or two, too. But that wasn’t his problem. He stood at the end of the walkway and watched the endless parade of parents driving up to the side of the house. The side door opened, parents dashed in to retrieve kids, then the car drove through to the back alley and the next car pulled up.
Loving puppeteer
You may remember, I planted some Jerusalem Artichokes a few weeks ago, there’s still no sign of these but they do have a very long germination period. Jerusalem Artichokes are not actually from Jerusalem and they aren’t really artichokes. They’re a cousin of the sunflower and are a root crop. The reason I mention them is, on Tuesday, I planted two Globe Artichoke plants. These are worlds apart from the Jerusalem artichoke. These are actually a perennial thistle which grow large edible buds which are delicious to cook with and are often found in Mediterranean cuisine. I love artichoke hearts so I can’t wait to harvest my own. Each plant has a yield of about 12 hearts per season so I planted two, this should be enough for me. There has been some frost of late so I fashioned two cloches out of plastic bottles for my artichokes should they need the extra protection.
While I had the pasta roller out, I made some lemon pepper fettucini for dinner this evening.
MBR: I have eclectic reading tastes. I read a lot of women's fiction (love Kristin Hannah), and literary fiction (currently reading Mao's Last Dancer). Just finished the YA Obsidian, by Jennifer L. Armentrout. Love. If it's great, I'll devour it!
Refrigerator pickles
You can cook a hotdog many ways. My mother steamed them. Mike (and his mom) boils them. In a pinch, I’ve microwaved them (not recommended). The best way to cook a hotdog is on roller grill, the sort you see at gas stations and ball parks. Blackening a wiener on a BBQ is a close second.
What made you want to join the cabinet making family business?
To manage one’s emotional state during conflicts requires that one has their self confidence and self esteem in place and possess good communication skills. When self confidence and self esteem is perceived to be under attack or threatened it results in a “flight or fight” stress response. Inorder to keep self confidence and self esteem in place one needs to be proficient in relaxation techniques and strategic communication skills to diffuze the situation.
Will is one—along with Dan and Joel—of the three brothers who comprise the Shelton Brothers beer importing company, based in Belchertown. Since the mid-'90s, the company has imported beers from across the globe to drinkers across the United States. In 2006, Will took a hiatus from the import business to begin brewing a beer he'd been dreaming of. Working in Paper City Brewing's facility in Holyoke, he's created a line of distinctive beers that manage to buck the national trend toward gimmickry and record-setting while remaining faithful to traditional brewing styles.
Amnesty International USA, two months ago, started signing a petition to Sri Lankan Police Chief, urging him to investigate Prageeth Eknaligoda’s disappearance.
My mind is like a printer, and my thoughts are like pages being printed. My print job typically goes smoothly, but sometimes I encounter paper jams.
Papers - Prima Fairy belle collection 6X6
And I will pummel him.
Now, these same organizations are attempting to link HPV to heart disease, in both men and women.
For me and many teens reading is a form of escape. I can lose myself in a book and enter a world completely different than mine. And for even more teens, it is a way to seek help or understand that other people are going through the same things.
It's easy to think, reading about the situation in Michigan and the war against Eat More Kale, that we don't live in the United States. That, at some point when we weren't looking, our democracy was stolen and replaced by authoritarian rule. This is nothing new. It wasn't that long ago when the Feds were slaughtering sheep on a family farm in their role as "saviors". It is insidious and it is not stopping. It reminds me of one of my favorite song lyrics: "we fell asleep at the sentry post, now we're toe-to-toe with what we fear the most." It's very easy to get so busy just trying to get through the day that you don't pay attention to what is happening in your government. And they are betting on just that fact. Who has the money to pay the lobbyists to insinuate themselves next to our legislators? A small farmer? A homesteading family? NOT! It is my opinion that we are no longer a Democracy - we, the 99%, if you will - have almost no control over our lands, laws, food, health, you name it. It's all being controlled by the 1%.
Aside from Howe and Plimpton, My Korean Deli is populated with other great characters – most notably Dwayne – the employee Howe inherited from his deli’s owner. Dwayne’s an interesting figure with a foot in two different worlds: Howe’s and his own. At couple times in the book, Howe falls into the trap of making Dwayne into the magical negro, but he does give the man a complex back story that elevates him from a two-dimensional cutout to a real person. At times, Dwayne is a hero, but he still has demons that tail him throughout the book.
I've been through an eye-opening, thought-provoking, life-changing weekend through the amazing Bethel School of Supernatural Evangelism hosted at OHOP just last week! My whole perspective on Holy Spirit and our lives as Christians has been shifted. How blessed we are by God who wants to BE with us! He wants us to know how much He loves us and He wants us to share it with others! He loves us all much more than we know. And you know what? Jesus wants His money's worth - He died and rose again for more than a feel-good moment here and there. He sent us Holy Spirit so that we can do more miraculous things than He did! Isn't it time we walked that out? Are you ready to get out of the boat?! I AM!
15.How are traps located? Description, dice rolling, or some combination?
Sing It Loud Tour Dates:
The weather was beautiful!
4) Rim your glasses in sugar or salt. Add crushed ice or ice cubes.
“They were very excited to get me over for the 2009 season,” says Mr M, “but unfortunately we couldn’t work the visa requirements for the show out, so it all came to nothing. I guess it’s really got to be an American show with American acts otherwise there’s no point in calling it America’s Got Talent“.
When I was younger, I had owned 3 hamsters at different time periods. My first hamster, Ninny (It was supposed to be Minnie, but I found out it was a boy) was gotten when I was about 8 or 9. I spoiled that things with all those plastic connecting tubes and mazes. I ended up accidentally dooming it when one time, I was trying to get it used to water in the sink. I'd just let the water run, and only the hamster's feet would get wet. Unfortunately, I accidentally turned it on boiling hot without realizing it and the hamster was running oddly fast. When I grabbed it, I burned my hand on his feet. His feet began to rot, and the vet said best to put him to sleep.
Back to the laundry room, let's take a walk down memory lane. Here it is the day we bought the house.
HEATHER KRISTIN, a graduate of The New School, was born and raised in New York City. She studied at the Summer Literary Seminars in Russia and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in London. Her work has appeared in Glamour, Kirkus Reviews, the L Magazine, New York Press, West Side Spirit, the Russian St. Petersburg Times, on J.T. Leroy’s website, and in other places. She is a two-time recipient of the SAG and AFTRA personal essay awards and is a mentor at Girls Write Now. Currently, she is working on a memoir about being a homeless child and street performer from Hell’s Kitchen.
It’s a little more complicated than that. The growing value of real estate has been incentive enough for some development. While Catsimatidis had planned affordable housing on the site, he has since changed his plans. While he has zoning to build approximately 1.3 million square feet in four buildings, now he’s “proceeding with caution... instead of four buildings, one at a time.”
small roller brush
Diced Chicken (I prefer to use the frozen Tyson's Diced Chicken)
Bringing me to my knees
Now I know nothing can happen while I'm in his class, but how do I go about laying some groundwork so maybe something could happen after the semester is over? Is there a good way to proceed here? I don't want anything to be awkward and I'd like to still be able to show my face at this school. Should I just avoid this situation altogether? Help!
Good morning - It's time for another Sweet Sunday Sketch Challenge! Here is the deal: make a card with this layout and use the InLinkz button down at the very end of this post to enter your card. The links will close on Friday at 10 PM (Mountain Time), and I'll randomly select one card to feature on my blog on Saturday. So, as long as your card is linked by 10 PM Friday, your card will be in the drawing. Be sure to link directly to the blog post or gallery image which features your card. You may post a picture of the sketch on your blog, but please save the image to your computer first. Use the keyword SSSC101 if you plan to post your card in an online gallery.
The challenge over at the Inky Impressions challenge blog today where it's team B's turn to do the challenge is "Punches and Dies" so my card is perfect for that :)
Kraz’k is mean. He has a special attack that hurls you across the arena. In the screen shots you will see all sorts of spikes around the arena. If you hit a wall, you take damage. The wall damage alone almost did me in at a couple of points. Being the dps guy back stabbing him seemed to earn me a special place in the list of things to throw around the arena. Either that or the wings. Plus I think fae glide betrayed me, since I seemed to always sail across the room and hit those spikes.
They looked pathetic and bald and really rather poorly and I felt ashamed to be a member of the same species as those who had subjected these animals to such cruelty, all in the name of greed and " economic food production"
Robert Herz, the former chairman of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, and Sir David Tweedie, the former chairman of the International Accounting Standards Board, said Tuesday that the Securities and Exchange Commission needs to make a decision soon on committing to International Financial Reporting Standards, or other major countries could drop their support for IFRS.
Eight years ago today, we made the trek from our beloved home in Oregon to our new adventure awaiting us here in rural Spokane County. It was a long day, punctuated by blown out tires on a boat trailer (why did we bother to pull it free from the mud back home?), cries from the family cat Skippy in his kennel (feed him another chicken nugget), and potty breaks for our miniature schnauzer, Lucy (okay, for all of us, but we’ll blame it on the dog).
(photo credits: Facebook, Nithya's Album)
You can do almost anything on the internet today- check your bank statement, pay your bills, purchase clothes, order your groceries, rent movies …the list goes on and on. For many seniors, the appeal of the internet is clear- all of these tasks can be done from the comfort of your own home, at your own pace. Yet, with each of these accounts comes the responsibility of yet another username and password. They are designed to keep identity thieves out, but what happens if someone else needs to get in?
And I got my first comment! I know this might seem silly to many of you, but I have never written a blog before and I while I have been following some of my favorite bead artists' blogs, I have always been a lurker...never a commenter! Hard to believe considering how much I like to talk and write about beads!
It's an interesting and refreshing concotion and I think I like it rather more than old Duvel. There's not much by way of alcohol heat in it, however, so if you're looking for a winter warmer this is probably not the best one to go for. I could easily have enjoyed this on the patio some months hence.
stitched onto 28ct aged linen using one cotton thread in Cinnamon & Sage
Increase the upshot of your marketing with email by encouraging readers to respond to every email. Always read and solution these emails immediately. Developing a personal relationship with each of the readers is the best solution to convert them into loyal customers. This can be a great way to read more specific feedback about the success of your efforts.
Silent Night Deadly Night Part 2 seems to understand the rules of cheap-jack sequels that grab up every cheap buck they can, because they may have taken three years to get this follow-up out the door, but not only does it feel like it came out a month after the original's release, but (for a sequel) it's telling a story that's already been TOLD!
5 employed
Matt and I have observed another difference in the social culture that is perhaps linked to the lack of heavy drinking here- everyone wants to be seen. Almost all of the restaurants have outside seating on the streets and it is very rare that you will see the inside filled before the outside. Yesterday we ate outside at a restaurant where not one person was inside. Often times, groups of girls will often congregate near the entrance, showing off their very fashionable outfits as they wait for a table. We have found the same trend in most of the bars we have been too. You won't find many people in the back of the bar, everyone gathers in the front.
The stamp is made by "High Hopes" and he's been coloured in with Promarkers, the stripey backing paper is from the Angel Co, and the spotty paper from my scraps box.
At the end of the day, the dilemma usually comes down to convenience vs. healthiness of your foods. Many shoppers like me are turning to the healthier versions of convenience foods, like “low sodium” and “low fat” products. Food is so important to me because through cooking and trying different ingredients I feel connected to traditions in cooking that have defined us culturally and as a species through the ages. But realistically, I’m also happy to occasionally have the convenience of a quick meal that lets me spend more time with my family. After all, a healthy lifestyle is all about balance.
The authorities have described the death as being “a non-combat incident,” adding that no one else was involved in soldier’s death.
One loves it best in April
I will return and report;)
got the red, white, and blue flyin' high on the farm
25g icing sugar
I rejoice now, because maturity has allowed me to see,
This is of course superstition.
Thank you as always for your love, support, and prayers.
Waiting up at night
11) Vegetable oil, 2 table spoon
Beryl still lets the seniors choose what they want to teach, then finds teachers who can use that in the classroom — from veterans talking about serving in WWII, to women whipping up costumes for school plays, to artists teaching sculpture. And both kids and seniors still benefit tremendously from the interchange: seniors are energized, engaged and valued for their knowledge; while recent studies show that kids with an older person in their life have a “protective factor” and are less likely to use drugs, commit violence, or drop out of school. Some of Beryl’s original volunteers are still in the classroom, and the Intergenerational Spelling Bee and Bingo Nights continue to be a huge hit.
Our favorite recipes have included:
Wednesday Okay, still feel like shit. Don't panic. Power through, lady. Don't let Captain Carl see how sick you are...he'll make you stay home from the concert.
Had some fun playing with them toys, and I just need to reread the rules now away from the table to get ready for the campaing. I shall paint a few more gladiators while I´m at it. There are two retiarius waiting on the workbench and I guess they´re next.
However, the Design Museum warns that there are images of nudity in the ‘Fetish Room’, but if that’s not a reason to go I don’t know what is.
The military was poised to intervene, but secret backroom deals had been made with congress and the President, Emerson would become a bit of a science experiment. They wanted to see what the infected would do, how they would react. The city of Brownsville was given permission to patrol the river and shoot anyone who tried to cross into their city, infected or otherwise. The infected seemed to avoid the water, perhaps out of fear, or they just couldn’t swim.
Ages ago, when I was a young newspaper reporter, writing was mostly a one-way process. Occasionally I’d write a story and someone would call to yell at me, or more happily, someone would send a thank you note. But mostly I felt distant from my readers in those pre-Internet days. Perhaps my favorite thing about blogging is the opportunity to see which posts people are reading and to get immediate feedback.
This is an example of my Life Areas Chart, reflecting where I think I am in life right now. Remember that closer to the center means things need to be improved, the middle area means things are good, and outer edges means things are very good.
Describing the report as both negative and positive, home minister P. Chidambaram said: “The rapporteur has praised the openness and willingness of the government of India to engage, shown also by the fact that there it was willing to host a mission dealing with the right to life, an area in which issues to be tackled are often complex in various countries.”
Someone will invent the human race.
Given all that research, I just don't understand Animee as a response to it. The main barriers are all about image - not the product. So why launch a different product? I find the beers that convert women who 'don't like' beer tend to be very strongly flavoured - American IPAs or Imperial porters and stouts - because these women are currently drinking wine that has comparable characteristics. I don't see the need to launch a product that doesn't actually look or taste like beer at all, and don't understand how a product that doesn't look or taste like beer, that has different language around it from beer ('clear filtered', 'lemon' and 'rose' anyone?) is going to attract women to drinking beer more generally. It's actually only beer because Molson Coors say it is - it's not going to change anyone's attitude to what 'beer' is or can be. Any women who drink this will do so despite it being called beer.
“You should be happy! There are enough boring men in the world!”
has been discarded, all have been included, none forgotten
Renée Raudman is a multi-award-winning audiobook narrator. She has earned a number of AudioFile Earphones Awards, including for The Last Secret by Mary McGarry Morris and Wesley the Owl by Stacey O'Brien, as well as a Publishers Weekly Listen-Up Award for Joe Schreiber's Chasing the Dead. She has also performed on film, TV, radio, and stage, including the recurring roles of Jordon on ABC's One Life To Live, Phyllis on NBC's Passions, and guest-starring roles on prime-time TV. She has been heard in cartoons (The Simpsons, Billy & Mandy), videogames, and on the E! channel. Her narration of Homer's Odyssey by Gwen Cooper was selected by Library Journal as one of the best audiobooks of 2009, and her reading of Marthe Jocelyn's Would You was selected by the ALA as one of the best young adult audiobooks of 2009.
I have used the Martha Stewart punch Stars for the border. The doilies were found at our yearly visited autumn market in the neighbour town.
one day they smiled and said: “Hello”.
But the time has come where I’m caught up on all my comic readings and I need more.
For those of you that don't know, my grandma passed away two and a half weeks ago. Thanksgiving morning. It was the most traumatic, heart wrenching event that I have ever experienced. I lost my grandmother, my confidant, my teacher, and one of my closest friends.
Scientists are smart chaps, mostly. They tend to give things names which suit the thing. Like, say, fly. Why call it a fly, you ask? Well, because it flies. That makes sense. Good, solid naming strategy there.
Happy Styling,
Anwaar: I do not want to fight you, Fareda, so just accept that our outlook in life differs. Let’s stop talking and let’s just finish our tasks.
The ticket stub states:
Monica Ruth Anne Dazo
By Janet Evanovich
Immigration detainees moved to N.J. protest boost in phone charges
nonplus: to render utterly perplexed; puzzle completely
You are not flawed. You’ll always be perfect in my eyes. I am no good for you, my love. Let me go…
Jesus connected with all kinds of people who were exluded from the temple. – people like the Ethiopian who would have wanted to worship but could not really have full access.
Roll out defrosted or freshly-made (2 rises and deflated) brioche dough into a rectangle about 12" x 18" x ¼" deep on a floured surface.
once was is not a topic which attracted
The film opens in a quaint, patently artificial village that looks like it belongs in a German Expressionist silent: an appropriate place for a murder. In the opening scenes, Hitchcock cleverly builds tension sonically, starting with a scream that wakes up the neighborhood, sends birds fluttering away, and sets the dogs to howling. The soundtrack becomes noisy and cluttered: barking, people chattering, the banging noises of the police knocking on the door of the house that's causing all this disturbance. Hitchcock defuses the suspense slightly with the humor of one couple who stick their heads out their window, the wooden frame continually sliding down on their necks, but they're so intent on seeing what's happening that they let it push them down into the flower bed, craning their necks to see. At the site of all the clamor, Hitchcock further elongates the tension by focusing on the reactions of the people at the scene, shooting the backs of the heads of the people crowding around the door.
me? oy vey.
Suggestions: I don’t think there’s a need for a player movement. They are one of the few teams who have very good depth. A bunch of big SERVICEABLE bodies (Quinahan, Belga, Matias, Rodriguez and Cruz), potent offensive players (Lee, Chan, Bunafe) and defenders who can slash and dash from the outside (Norwood, Arana, Ibanes). They look good both on paper and the floor.
#3 no negatives so far. *knock on wood*
When you pulled on the ropes, the mattress tightened,
But even though our hearts are wired to help others in need, sometimes we need a little prompting. Sometimes we need to remind our minds of the blessings we’ve received from others, and then our minds can nudge our hearts to respond as we should.
relations with Josefina Vidal, the head of North American Affairs
But Tom wonders where is the love and publicity for our Octodads especially our beloved athletes. Ex-NBA less than legend Shaun Kemp was once lionized for 7 kids with 6 women, but Travis Henry of the NFL with 11 kids with 10 women and ex-NBA legend Calvin Murphy tops out with 14 kids with 9 women and he may just be getting started.
again? How do I shift
Finally, I was right all along. Sex is good! What I wasn’t sure about: I’m not going to die without fully sharing it with someone if there is no context in which it makes sense to me and my gut. No externally imposed rules necessary.
Tailgate
The point is how come we can't do the same with deadbeat parents?
opens June 7
Services – Well, the guild charter came from there. Not sure I’ll need the name/race change stuff any time soon.
with falling jeweled toned leaves,
Instead, and bizarrely, they were given a tambourine to shake. A pair of maracas was also supplied as back up!
Else, Chris - GITH
I went for a long walk.
Then there's 50 people trying to get on the carriage, so what do people do? Step one foot on the train and stop... right in the way so it makes it almost completely impossible for anyone else to get on.
"Imagine if Joe Smith, in need of a new car... presses a button on his remote and instantly receives more information about a Ford F150, including where he can buy one. Meanwhile, Joe's wife, Sally, watches a later ad for a Sony phone. The product on the screen is sleek and modern, and Sally wants it. She can turn her emotion into ownership, purchasing the phone with the click of a button."Yeah. Imagine if monkeys flew out of my butt.
With SCYTL internet voting, there will be no ballots. No physical evidence. No chain of custody. No way for the public to authenticate who actually cast the votes, chain of custody, or the count.
This is an interesting book but the writing style kept me at a bit of a remove. It’s possible that this was done deliberately, because it seems like Jackie wasn’t someone who let a lot of people inside and maybe Tina Cassidy wanted to subtly reflect that.
He added that McBride has an exaggerated good view of himself, whereas he is a domineering, aggressive and intolerable leader rather than a credible and respected mediator.
In your mind (Mind Control/Satan Worship/Possession)
reading and cleaning up,
Complete Wedding Day coverage with Vicki and Tom
Beautiful; it shows the majesty of procreation and the beauty of chastity and continence.
We took a walk into the woods to enjoy the beautiful late afternoon sunlight and warmth, crunched through the fallen leaves and ducked under branches with Ike and Winston running erratically ahead, exploring. We climbed up a small, rocky ridge and started to come back down when I said, "Look for that rock with the grinding holes in them - - " and no sooner had I said it then Kel was bending down and wiping wet leaves off of the surface of a large, flat boulder.
I know several women whose husbands are unhappy in marriage. Their husbands blame the wives for everything, but are unwilling to do anything to grow the marriage (date nights, counseling, even just communicating). They won't tell their wives what the real issue is.
Nudy Grey 9/10
My Aunt J.
Sorry this is so small. Yours will look similar to this but not exactly the same because it depends on whether you have a 2 or 3 column layout as well as what gadgets you have on your page. I have highlighted ADD A GADGET.
—"The Brave Little Tailor"—he starts out killing flies, then sets out to look for bigger foes. When he finds a giant, he must use his wits to win a series of contests. Next he defeats three mythical beasts to win the hand of a princess from a reluctant king. (Grimms' Fairy Tales)
she hands her dreams
“The more I learned about it, the more fascinated I became,” he continued. “Number one, my thesis was exactly right, this revolt had been covered up for almost 200 years by very powerful people with very strong interests in keeping this secret. As soon as I found that out, I got even more excited.”… -
Arthur made sure that I was aware of what he felt was going on between the characters, and, of course, John Dall and I discussed the subtext of our scenes together. We knew that Hitch knew what he was doing and had built sexual ambiguity into his presentation of the material. Jimmy Stewart must have known that the film was based on Leopold and Loeb, but I'm sure he felt that as far as his character was concerned, any implied sexual relationship between his students was strictly their business. Rope posits a classic case of criminal folie a deux, with Brandon (John Dall) as the more dominant partner, but Granger is no mere pawn, and that isn’t the way he plays it. After all, it is Philip who is strangling their friend in the opening sequence, not Brandon. Sure, Philip is weak, but that is never synonymous with powerless. Instead Philip uses his weakness to go after what he wants, which is to get caught.
Ireland is the world’s only country with a musical instrument for a national symbol: the harp.
10) Took the knock off 7-up home and made my new self created drink "May May's Sunset" coconut rum, OJ 7-up and grenadine. Yummy. Very sweet.
Surely there I spy a swimmer! And, maybe there, a mast!
8. Growth chart - no progress
It feels odd to be the bridge generation between that way of life - which my father also knew when he spent his holidays on a farm near Weston-super-Mare - and our modern lifestyle with its smart-phones and electricity-guzzling appliances. When Wilma died we were very much aware that one of the last links to that earlier way of living had gone. At least I keep up the tradition of bread-baking and my own grandfather's tradition of vegetable-growing. I'm very glad that I asked my mother-in-law about her childhood and wrote down what she said. There's loads of oral history available, but that kind of knowledge is particularly precious when it comes from the family.
If anyone knows how to move forward when staring at a blank page it's that lot.
VIJAYA: We can overcome any odds and love can triumph in any circumstances. Love is just as important as hope, food, and technology for a community to survive in the direst conditions. Love and compassion is their salvation, whether or not they are aware of it. Another underlying theme is overcoming racism, not just skin color, not just cultural differences... not even alien races. It’s something much more insidious, invisible, yet fundamental and gut wrenching...
Elisabeth had a similar situation, and shared her story with me:
What better place to bake a devil's food cake then at a Chocolate and Wine Festival ? My sister, girlfriend and I are at Pacific Shores in Washington enjoying a girls only weekend. We are staying at a sweet little house in Seabrook called the Weldin House and can barely tear ourselves away from the fireplace and hot tub to go wine and chocolate tasting. I know it is a tough life but someone has to do it ! Seriously , the is the 4th year of the Chocolate on the Beach Festival and our first but not last year attending. This morning I baked the cake and while it sat out cooling we took off for Wine Tasting with Chocolate Pairings. I had the most incredible chocolate wine cupcake with a salty sweet frosting. If I hadn't of forgotten my USB connection you would be looking at a photo. I promise to update when I get back to Seattle.
Heavy Pants 10 reps 15 lbs. 16 reps 20 lbs.
So, if these things don’t upset me, why am I even writing about them? Because this blog is about the passive aggressive behavior that I live with. That I have let myself live with. It helps me know that I am not crazy, that these things are real. Maybe it will help someone reading my blog some day to figure out what is going on in their life.
7So Joshua went up from Gilgal with all his army and all his men of war.
I also learned that I need to follow my very first instinct when it comes to picking music to listen to. If I get an inkling I might like to hear some particular song, I need to switch to that song AT THAT MOMENT, with a playlist by similar artists. It doesn't really matter whether they suit the mood of the writing, though up-tempo music is better than miserable stuff (of which I have a lot). The important thing is to be comfortable with my audio environment.
Iris: 4th - VersaFine imperial purple, 3rd – Memento grape jelly, 2nd – Memento danube blue (1 x stamp off), 1st – Memento summer sky
results are a mixed bag—and sometimes downright bizarre. An opera singer doing a reggae version of Gershwin’s “Embraceable You”? It’s as bad an idea as it seems, which even Brueggergosman jokes about while ad libbing in the middle of it: “You know I wouldn’t be doing this if I was white!” On the other hand, she brings both operatic skill and earthy soul to P.E.I. songwriter Lennie Gallant’s “Tonight I Drive You Home,” an uncomfortable song in which the narrator stalks the drunk driver who killed her child, and gives him a lift home from the bar. She also duets with Gallant on the traditional Acadian song “Partons La Mer Est Belle,” putting her operatic rolled R’s to full effect on
I really enjoy listening to this well done story. It doesn’t rest solely on the laurels of zombie stories that have come before it, it strikes out on its own. Instead of the one zombie type you generally see in the movies, there are multiple ranging from shamblers, runners, decoys, and behemoths. The characters stand out on their own and get you caring for them, a sign of a well told story. Each chapter comes in weekly bite sized portions, with a two-week break between each chapter, and has just enough of a cliff hanger to keep you coming back for more.
even if it closer to old,
[The RAND Corporation was the ur-think tank, the Cold War granddaddy of them all, and it's still with us. In the 1950s, nuclear war-gaming a conflagration for which the usual war games would have been ludicrous, it took the U.S. military into virtuality and science fiction long before there was an Internet to play with. (And it had a hand in creating the Internet, too!) In the 1960s, it helped several administrations plan and fight the Vietnam War, making antiseptic theory into an all-too-grim reality. And that's just the beginning of the work RAND did on a range of hot-button imperial issues.
Although a lot of the humour is contained in the dialogues, there are plenty of physical gags, and even the sad scenes have an element of comedy. While Farah Khan is poking fun at the very typical filmi devices, she is also acknowledging these older films that she clearly loves. OSO is a paean to these masala greats and we were inspired to track down many of the scenes she referenced.
No, what caught my attention was that big companies like W***s will give retailers a freezer in which to display ice-cream in but then the shopkeeper is obliged to stock a hefty percentage of the supplier's products in that freezer.
Can we prove without doubt that the world we know, and the people in it, aren't just constructs of our imagination? The quick answer is No.
Sleeves:
Most problematic is that it is not entirely clear what problem CISPA is trying to solve. All of the information the government is seeking to access under this bill is already available to it, albeit through the proper warrant and due process channels. The Feds will have to do a much much better job of selling this legislation to the American public if it expects to survive the next Twitter Attack. But at the end of the day, this Kat would like to ask the Twitter crowd if it has considered how much the companies covered by this bill already know about them anyway.
Now I dont know if this old TH tree is an Oak tree or not, but it's the best I could do.
One word…. WOW!
Apparently bilingualism helps the brain.
Red cabbage
You report her missing, but the cops don't seem to care much, she hasn't been gone that long. At night you see horrible nightmares about Winnie getting raped by satyrs while she begs you to rescue her from their grasp.
Sentiment - Dawn Bibby -Woodland butterfly
Science, Ann Druyan notes, is forever whispering in our ears, ‘Remember, you’re very new at this. You might be mistaken. You’ve been wrong before.’ Despite all the talk of humility, show me something comparable in religion. Scripture is said to be divinely inspired – a phrase with many meanings. But what if it’s simply made up by fallible humans? Miracles are attested, but what if they’re instead some mix of charlatanry, unfamiliar states of consciousness, misapprehensions of natural phenomena and mental illness? No contemporary religion and no New Age belief seems to me to take sufficient account of the grandeur, magnificence, subtlety and intricacy of the Universe revealed by science. The fact that so little of the findings of modern science is prefigured in Scripture to my mind casts further doubt on its divine inspiration.
Hi to all of you Crafty people out there in BlogLand.
Fat white tapers from TJ Maxx
Me: Ummm….I don’t remember.
I had to check this. This first words are:
“We did go all the way, though,” said Sally softly with her eyes lowered.
I'm sure someone in the NY scene could fill in the blanks and what happened to these guys and where, if anywhere the member went? I do know that Drummer Jimmy Williams would later sing for the greay NYHC band Maximum Penalty.
It’s an exciting time for sure. I can’t remember the last time I felt so much positive anticipation and expectation. It’s a welcome feeling.
I had to write a post about this.
Mbeki, who was the official Southern African Development Community (SADC) mediator in Zimbabwe’s political crisis between 2007 and 2009, never questioned ZEC’s delay in announcing the first round poll results and the subsequent violence that accompanied the run-off. In May 2008, South Africa ganged up with Russia and China to block an American and British-backed proposal to impose sanctions against Zimbabwe over deadly electoral violence.
All Enjoy Life products are allergy friendly and free of the eight most common allergens, perfect for mamas nursing babes with food sensitivities. Like me, right now. Big time. More on that another day.
In the heat of political discourse, she took on the argument... and not the person who stood on the opposite side of it. She was very openly critical of the opposition's stances and policies, but I cannot recall her ever demonizing anyone she disagreed with personally.... like many we see on the Left today.
--Forte Condominiums
And you definitely ain’t heard the audio of it.
Then there was another meal when we just had our daughters and they were ages 4 and 2. Yeah, that is one is a keeper, too. But you'll have to wait for my book to come out for that one.
Although the ‘Occupy’ movement hasn’t involved itself directly into elections it hasn’t stopped candidates from identifying with it. Here’s a list of 5 hopefuls who have found support in various ways from the movement.
Well, if Albert won’t leave you alone, there it is, I said,
my shield and the horn of my salvation, my stronghold.
Today is St. Patrick's Day and I supposed that meant I should cook something green. But I eat green food every single day so I decided to celebrate by trying a green food I've never eaten before. Okra. I had never tried okra although I've wanted to. But it looks strange and I had no idea what it tasted like or how to prepare it. I heard it tasted slimy.
Liljequist based his initial observations on changes in his own irises after illnesses and injuries, publishing writings and eye drawings during the late nineteenth century. One of his students, Dr. Henry Lahn, brought the practice of iridology to the United States.
In truth, believing that the world owes you a living - that you deserve something for nothing - is the flip side of believing that no one else deserves one. What they have in common, I think, is that they are both positions taken on this issue by people who probably haven't given it much thought.
Persecuted because of righteousness: kingdom of heaven
The Hare was a sacred animal associated in Roman legends with springtime and fertility. In other areas, this moon was known as the Pink Moon, named after the flowers that began to appear, including the widespread grass pink or wild ground phlox. Other variations indicate more signs of full spring, such as Sprouting Grass Moon, Egg Moon, and Fish Moon (common among coastal tribes).
To reminisce about my formative days of musical independence and music-hunting, I just ordered Natasha Bedingfield’s 2007 album N.B., which was never released stateside. It contains seven tracks not included on 2008′s Pocketful of Sunshine, which is on Spotify (whereas N.B. isn’t).
Along comes St. Peter with the ugliest man she ever saw.
Ben not only stepped out of line and glared at him but didn’t let him finish . Though ironically by demanding, daring Evan to finish what he’d started to say “What? You got something to say?”
Give special attention to the floor. The area behind the toilet is a gathering place for filth, especially if you have little boys. Reach in with a moist hand brush, and wipe dry with paper towels.
Many of my readers are well aware of the fact that I'm a sucker for retro products and packaging. Today while grocery shopping, I nearly flipped my lid when I saw a single solitary twelve pack of TAB on the store shelves all by its lonesome!
Doctor visits become routine.
Van Raighan’s footsteps were like a feather falling on linen, only audible because there was nothing else to hear. This time, Rel managed to keep count, edging ever-so-slowly around the pillar, keeping it between him and the thief. The other guardsmen did likewise. Then there was a series of grunts and muffled curses, and it was time to move.
We've been doing that more than is probably appropriate lately. In fact, the other day at about 7pm my 3-year-old little boy said to me, "Mom, you can't just leave me in my pajamas all day."
I had just walked out of the camera store with a fisheye lens on my camera… I saw this gentleman and just snapped a pic.
This to me is a perfect southern California fall sky. It sparkles with clean.
Laini Taylor, author of the Dreamdark books and Lips Touch, just did a breakout section on plot at the SCBWI Western Washington 2010 conference. I found the recap article posted by the chapter very helpful.
Our defense would be that my father was frequently an infuriating man. And both my brother and I are on the opposite end of the authoritarian scale. If there’s an artifice out there somewhere, we will find and smash it down, just for the Hell of it. Of course we are both liberals.
“We also listen, but we will not listen to everyone that coughs and sneezes. We decide based on (the) majority. Not just because of one or two people only. Whatever we do is based on the majority and the majority is for us to decide,” he was quoted as saying.
All in all, it's been a good year to be a beer drinking, pub frequenter in Glasgow.
So why do we still make prints, and why do people like them, exhibit them, and collect them?
Mary in the Second Luminous Mystery
I wanted Tom to go out to the truck to grab my Sunday bag so I could "dump the extra weight" from all the crap that the kids seem to dump in my bag every Sunday. But Tom said the truck was gone. Sigh. The car must not have started this morning. It doesn't like the cold. And El Paso isn't supposed to be this cold. Anyway, Captain America had left for church at 6am, long before I was awake. hehehe.
Set 2
The movement of products, mail, and passengers advanced the settlement of the country much more quickly in comparison to the years by wagon train and horse drawn wagons. As a young boy in the 1950's I can remember the use of the steam engine as it crossed Iowa going from coast to coast. Today the Amtrak carries people coast to coast but the majority of the time we see freighters carrying coal east for the creation of electricity.
“The governments alone are responsible for the spread of the superstitious awe with which the common man looks upon every bit of paper upon which the treasury or agencies which it controls have printed the magical words legal tender.” – Ludwig von Mises
For ev’ry night the moon is bright,
I am constantly growing as a blogger and trying to make my blog more enjoyable for you my followers. In the up coming month I am going to make a few changes to my blog to make it even better. The first change will be starting a party link. As you know I love a party not only in my blog world but in my personal life, I look for an excuse to have a party. I also wanted to give my followers a venue to show off the fabulous projects they are working on. I hope you will join me on September 12th for Show Off Sunday with House of Thrifty Decor!
Walker SP, Higgins JR, Pemezel M, Brennecke SP. Maternal work and pregnancy. Aust NZ J Obstet Gynaecol 1999; 39: 144-151.
The Tanala people of Madagascar observe strict silence throughout the labour and birth and as the placenta is being delivered. When the placenta comes, everyone present claps and shouts “Vita! Vita!” – meaning ‘finished’.
Compile Your Book. Once you’ve got five to seven solid pieces that showcase a wide range of work – print, online, radio and broadcast, you’ll need to head over to an art supply or office retail store to get yourself a portfolio case. These can run you around $100 so be prepared – but remember they’re worth the price when selling yourself. Make sure you enclose each sample of your work in the protective film, and don’t forget to put your name and contact information on the tag. If you can afford it, it’s a good idea to purchase a few portfolio cases in case you’re asked to leave your portfolio behind –which is very common. That way you’ll have another copy to shop around.
Okay, so what’s next?
The children and I absolutely adore the Honey Stingers. We enjoy the honey based flavors and that we aren't eating a ton of processed sugars or added soy in them. We like that they are very tasty, especially the children who beg for them. I like that they are shelf stable, small, and easy to pack with me when I know that we will need that extra boost to get me through. Three kids on a bike ride or long walk alone can be especially taxing. We take them with us on bike rides (about 3 miles) and long walks (about 2 miles) for that extra energy boost to keep us going.
He was just reaching the thought that this could be a town guard sent after him at Dora's behest when the torch rounded the corner, in the hands of something unmistakably inhuman. The Wilder moved smoothly across the tops of four stumpy legs that despite their tree-trunk proportions stuck out sideways like a spider's. Above that, a torso leaned forward, topped by an uncanny, triangular, thick-set head. Despite its imposing mass - the head, even bowed, barely cleared the roof of the cave- the creature made little more sound than Rel had.
Thanks to all the CAMRA volunteers for giving up their time to make this festival happen.
A recent inventory of my fridge led me to the above conclusion. TEN of the 22 12. oz bottles in my fridge come from the Kalamazoo, MI based Bell's Brewery. And this isn't a case of bulk buying one beer. No, there are four Bell's brews gracing my chill chest at this moment. First, my old stand by and go-to beer, Two-Hearted Ale. Two-Hearted is an American IPA, chock-full of juicy, citrusy hop goodness and mouth puckering bitter that is surprisingly drinkable. This beer can cool you down on a hot August afternoon, or warm you up in dead of winter. It's always in my fridge.
After so many years, I was so looking forward to revisit this nostalgic place of mine. We were so lucky and grateful to have Carol tagging along because she was not only the itinerary planner but also the driver. We never even thought an itinerary is needed for a 2 days 1 night trip on the first hand but yet, she did it and it saved us a lot a hassle!
And above all I hate socialists of all kinds — Fascists, Nazis, Communists, Fabians, Greens, you name it — because they made all the rest of this mess possible by poisoning the well of our political discourse so that their degraded ideology has leached into the soil of the larger culture. I hate the fact that their smug, self-righteous zeal has undermined and threatened the very existence of Western civilization.
The Controller found that mere importation of Bayer's drug into India did not amount to "working" and held in pertinent part that:
BLACK ROCK SHOOTER: I’ve actually seen this already. Or at least one season of it. Because I think there are more of this? And there’s also a video game. It totally had me hooked the first time I saw it, though. The story had a unique feeling to it, while in other animes there’s a tendency that the same plot gets reused again and again. And it has a nice visual look, especially some scenes set in the parallel world are really amazing. Towards the end I couldn’t help a certain frustrated, disappointed feeling, though. Maybe because it didn’t go any further than what it sets up in the beginning. And some important events in the story come very suddenly and are left behind again quickly without gong into the depth. But I might be wrong there. So I’m looking forward to seeing it once more with new eyes. Maybe I will change my mind afterwards…
I don’t know what’s worse: the fact that his brain has made up an episode of Scooby Doo that is far too obscene to actually exist, or the fact that I wish it did.
Or forgets to post them even if we beg it.
I have brought the child to Scotland for this past weekend. For some reason I thought the new paints were being released yesterday, so I brought some of my models with me so I could try one of the new texture paints for basing.
One of my New Year's "resolutions" (why do I hate that word? or whole concept for that matter, yet still fall prey to it? Maybe for another blog entry I'll go there) was to keep a "gratitude journal". I didn't find a journal, calendar, or other writing vehicle that I liked for it (read procrastination or hesitation?) so when I finally broke down and opened a Facebook page - for socialogical research I told myself - I decided my regular commentary would be on something I was grateful for. As much for my own good as a possible inspiration to others to remember all the positive things instead of the negative things in their lives.
Wednesday 5/9
As I got near the pond, I could see a lone goose flying straight towards me as if it were going to land on the pond right in front of me. That would have made for some great photos, but I was looking through the branches of a weeping willow. I got the camera out of my jacket where it had been protected from the rain and prepared to photograph the goose as it landed, but it pulled up and banked to its left just as I was getting ready.
to murder memory?
If she asks me why I still keep these toys, I’ll just smile and say, “What if our kids want to have cool toys?“
Lady Alexandra Monroe has been told in no uncertain terms that she must set her sights on a proposal from Prince Randolph to better her family’s situation. Instead, she finds herself falling for his charming but dangerous younger brother Nicholas, a man whose passionate nature—and irresistible good looks—makes it impossible to remember her duty. But while she is torn between ambition and desire, a wicked scandal brews, shocking secrets are revealed, and soon she begins to wonder: can true love really conquer all?
now, "but it wasn't that people laughed at me, so much that
Friend: "I never tell new people that I'm talking to that I'm an accountant."
So I put the can and walked away.
October 2, 2004 to January 23, 2005
You get used to hearing about Nimbys in England, a bit like those townies who move to the countryside then complain about cockerels crowing or cows mooing or sheep bleating or even tractors on the road.
It seems we are inundated with bad news from around the world in today’s fast-paced society. There’s very little focus on the good things people do for one another. It’s easy to forget that somewhere out there somebody is being nice to somebody else and paying something forward. When we lose sight of that, it’s less likely that we ourselves will practice random acts of kindness. At NHV, we’re striving to create a place where people can come, be happy and enjoy themselves. We also hope to create something more though.
Other events under NSEE include summits of world leaders, meetings of international organizations, and presidential inaugurations. In other words, with the passage of this bill, it will now be a felony to protest the G20 and globalist “trade” summits and other neoliberal confabs where international banksters and their minions plot our future behind closed doors.
Danny Gokey (my favourite) sang Aerosmith's "Dream On". He took a lot of risks with this song hitting (hammering a fingernail) notes. This song is definitely out of his comfort zone, but he nailed it.
My Hubby is just so lovely.
Research Source: The National Directory of Physician Organizations Database produced by the Managed Care Information Center
So why is Perry doing so well? He's out there talking about a lot of things that Republican voters agree with. For instance he's been made fun of for his skepticism about global warming but only 25% of primary voters believe it exists to 61% who do not. He has a 42-11 lead over Romney with the climate skeptics compared to only a 24-22 one with the voters who believe in global warming. It's a similar story with evolution- only 32% of GOP voters believe in it while 57% do not. He's up 41-10 with the evolution skeptics compared to just 31-24 with the voters who believe in evolution. People can make fun of Perry all day long but he's in line with the Republican electorate on these issues and his willingness to voice his skepticism publicly seems to be helping him pick up some support.
A Band of Roses, Fiery Roses, and Salty Roses, are a rollicking blend of historical fantasy, bittersweet romance, a little sci-fi, and a lot of suspense. They star the indomitable Princess Talty Boru, her devoted champion Neil, and a lovable cast of dauntless heroes and devious villains.
Yes, that Jimmy Fallon, who plays rink announcer, "Hot Tub" Johnny Rocket. The names of the characters (Babe Ruthless, Smashley Simpson, Maggie Mayhem, Bloody Holly, Iron Maven, etc.) are priceless. This is an indie flick, so there aren't any mind blowing special effects, city-engulfing explosions or high intensity car chases. It's a movie about people in a small town. So if you're only into movies made for the A.D.H.A., and watching actors act isn't your thing... get out of your rut and expand your horizons!
Next, I head over to Hotmail. I still have no idea how these people got into my account. I don't use this email anymore; it's not like I'm trolling the internet and using it on sketchy websites. My password, while not full of capital letters and numbers, was not an actual word; I seriously doubt someone could just guess it.
First up, Lori Skoog. If you aren't already familiar with Lori's blog, The Skoog Farm Journal, go check her out. She is a retired art teacher in western New York, fabulous cook, wonderful photographer, has horses, dogs, cats, all sorts of fascinating friends and she teaches a weekly art class on her farm. I'd love to join her group! On Monday, March 5th, we are going to feel like we have.
4. Knit For Mary F.
3. Places I have lived:
-We can parent them emotionally from the start
there are already tens of millions of years of history. It can be said also that many
This is hard. In the bouldering gym, my fingers dread the idea.
Hello everyone! Hope you all had a wonderful weekend! here's to starting a new week! My GGF Teri...Big Ideas from a Little Girl...got a wonderful birthday card and so we wanted to try see if we could make it! of course I said I would try it out! So Teri was right...it's a whole 12" x 12" sheet of DP or CS...which ever you decide to use. I used Heidi in the flowers from CC designs, used my oval nesties, colored with my copics, added some bling and used some dazzling diamonds!
Help me figure out what to add, delete, change, edit, create, toss or keep for next year! Imagine it's your dream classroom. Anything is possible! :) And hopefully you'll all find some inspiration as well!
You know an album is good when you list 70% of the songs (excluding the TV sizes).
A lot of the stories are familiar. In these programmes, I’ve seen an Anglican vicar trying to engage students at a Freshers Fair; a hospital chaplaincy helping in a time of crisis; street pastors busy with Saturday night drunks.
For a laugh, Andi takes a photograph of George wearing the shorts and posts the pic on her blog.
Now, let me explain something else that makes me want to throw things at my beautiful child. He will say, "I 'ove Yaya" (I love Dada)...and he will say, "Yaya 'oves 'e!" (Dada loves me!). However, despite the fact that I tell him SEVERAL times a day, whenever I tell him OR Matt "I love you" Brent immediately interrupts to correct me and spats, "No! Mama 'oves Pat!" (No! Mama loves Pat!)
I don’t want to influence you, but before you vote, just remember that Winsor represents the end of the British policing system as we know it. Minimum wage slaves on short-term contracts, managed by people with no policing experience, carefully selected for their ability to follow whatever political nonsense is in vogue at the time.
Five went to the IRA, enabling at least two senior members to flee the country.
What I really like about what Special K did is they seem to understand the satisfaction of quantity. These are 110 calories for 24 crackers. That’s double the cracker count than wheat thins. You can eat 4-5 for barely any. I wouldn’t want to use these as a primary every day snack, but as an periodic snack, sure. Definitely more satisfying I think that a 100 calorie cereal bar or some such.
go straight to the press. Forget a book deal, forget a magazine exposé—it’s
whats our will be taken,
The memories just shine a light to where you are
Mind you, they haven't all been in the same room together yet, so we could end up a couple people short, as someone might say something to someone that makes them pack their shit up and go home. That's why it's important (in my mind) to not call it a reunion (it wouldn't really be a proper one anyway without Brian and Bitz, much as I love Jerica and Dan). And McCabe said it best: we miss playing the old tunes. And our friends miss hearing them.
I can't pinpoint exactly when I started to notice these strangely haunting echoes and connections between tales, but I know that one of the stories I read around that time was the Irish SILVERTREE AND GOLDENTREE, which I have retold here. I leave it to the reader to guess which better known fairy-story it echoes, but I will mention this: in Irish myth, a salmon lives in a pool in the Boyne, and eats the hazelnuts which fall into the water. Hazels were magical trees, and the magical nuts made the salmon wise. The young Fionn Mac Cumhaill was ordered by his master to catch the salmon, cook it and serve it to him.
The guidelines also promote rules on divorce that give women few rights, a U-turn from pledges by Mr Karzai to reform Afghan family law to make divorces more equitable, Ms Barr said.
How fast a culture of innovation takes off varies by industry. We see a much more rapid evolution toward the approach of Western companies in the way Chinese high-tech enterprises learn from their customers and how they apply that learning to create new products made for China. That approach is much less common at state-owned enterprises, since they are held back by hierarchical, benchmark-driven cultures.
Is this because, officially at least, we have no record of a serial killer operating in Ireland?
Time to get going, isn’t it?
He said pupils had been denied their right to education and the teachers were not allowed to do their work.
My major challenge (aside from over-scheduling myself socially) has been the tattoo. I can't wear a bra strap over it due to the healing process (it's nearly finished peeling, hurray!), so I've been wearing either an ill-fitting strapless bra or a regular bra with one strap just tightened up and tucked in. The result is that all of my tops this week have been of the "lock and load" variety.
81 A Christmas Carol – Charles Dickens
Sadly, Depend polishes don't have names, just numbers.
BRIAN LEVANT (Problem Child 2)
In most countries, that is considered terrorism or incitement to terrorism. Somehow, it is all just good fun in Australia. Robust has taken on a new meaning.
Not to worry. I'll kill the lot of you. Shut your gob. Stop crying, you're getting on my wick. Who were you talking to?
He also lost many friends; but then he made many too: Anthony Powell, George Orwell, Nina Hamnett, Henry Green, Eric Ambler, Joyce Cary, Brian Howard. And (perhaps the closest of these friends) Dylan Thomas, who Maclaren-Ross met in 1943 while working as a screenwriter for Strand Films (producing short, government-funded propaganda). The two became regular drinking partners, and could often be found at the Wheatsheaf, a popular pub near Oxford Circus. Inspired by the bustling bohemian subculture of 1940s London, Maclaren-Ross resolved to write his memoirs, destined for serialisation in the London Magazine. The first instalment depicted his friendship with Thomas, and it is here that we learn of their initial, and slightly awkward, meeting: “…in the office assigned to us”, Maclaren-Ross recalls, “Dylan and I stood uneasy and shame-faced, like two strange children sent off to play alone by a benevolent adult, in the belief that because they are contemporaries they’re bound to get on well.” But they did get on, encouraged to do so by the Strand’s boss Donald Taylor. Eventually, Dylan confessed to have read Maclaren-Ross’ work long before the two were introduced: “He didn’t tell me, nor for a long time did I find out, that he’d read the stories aloud to Taylor, insisting that I’d be taken on at the Strand when discharged from the army: that in other words, I owed my job to him.” This quiet fraternity encapsulates the nature of their relationship, and Dylan’s unrelenting belief (“You’ll pull it off one day”) in Maclaren-Ross’ talent.
The disposable age, the plastic age
- Bananas 10
I don't talk about him very much on my blog.
Drunken Angel
Is it no wonder that we as a population of pure consumer-ship; as the builders of substantive nothingness, have manifested such a vast and wondrous variety of mental deficiencies, requiring one form of mental suppressive or the other; each a derivative of the next, and each eventually requiring a second derivative to suppress the first? Is it any surprise at all that these drugs are prescribed by real doctors who spend more time studying pharmaceutical reactions than they do on human necessities like nutrition and exercise… and who get kickbacks and perks for handing out psychotic drugs like they are candy?
L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc., Alternative Energy, Deals By Region, 2006 to YTD 2012 6
In olden days, a pig was often allowed to live in the house with the family on an Irish farm. He (or she) was commonly referred to as "the gentleman who pays the rent."
1 teaspoon lemon zest
Kensington Dafina, Mar 2010, $9.95
Final episode of Luck due to the recent cancellation from horse deaths, during filming for the second season. This episode was not written as the end, but functions quite well as one. Plenty of stories are still open, but the narrative of Luck was never one of a start and end of a story, but kind of like entering in, to a story in progress, to view some of the chapters. In a way it is good, for example, to know the Foray stables gang ended on a high note, even if they pointed out they would probably lose it all. Escalante had a good day on the track with two wins, but an unfortunate one off of it with Jo losing the baby. The scene of mutual respect between Escalante and Nick Nolte’s Walter after the race was well done. The race itself between the two horses was awesome. Full of tension, extremely well shot, a finish partially based on subtleties, we didn’t know who had won and had to follow with everyone else at the track. In fact, both races were extremely well done, with Rosie coming from behind and getting her moment of glory in the first race.
While most of the protest was fairly orderly, and no where near as crazed as its brethren on the West Coast, there was one action titled a “wildcat march” for the “adventurous”. Some of occupiers were “bloc-ed up” in all black and raced down the streets, throwing down garbage cans, pulling things into the streets, and causing random damage. Perhaps the most interesting tweet on the violence came from the people who often have to defend those accused of such actions, an NYCLU tweet stream, which noted that “trash cans were thrown, barricades were flung, arrests were made”
Next up, "Go Matsumoto" features high, almost falsetto vocals, diving right into this middle wave number, you can hear the waveform almost peaking out at the edges of this mix, but that really melodic tone mellowing it out, leaving the massive guitar experiments behind and coming down on the side of Modern English with a female backup vocal. Even slightly REM with their sweet, put together sound, serious intellectual footnoting.
What he says about Lent is better than anything I could come up with.
After listening to Jay Asher talk about how many students, parents, and teachers thank him for writing 13 Reasons Why, I can't believe people don't understand the power of YA fiction.
The Cleveland Clinic is hosting a job fair for nurses with experience on Saturday, October 3rd. Joelle LaFaso is Director of Nurse Recruitment for the Clinic. www.clevelandclinic.org/wdok
As I wrote above, Roberts et al. (in press) also reported SRS scores, described here as "dimensional symptom severity ratings."
Carole Mayedo - violin
That’s not to say that I will not vote. I definitely will vote. I will be voting for Ralph Nader. I was considering voting for Cynthia McKinney, and I still love her to death, but I just don’t think she has the experience that Nader does. Maybe she could be on his cabinet.
Pennywise is a Californian punk rock band from Hermosa Beach, California, formed in 1988. The name is derived from the monster, It, from the Stephen King novel of the same title.
However during my trip up north this week I just had to go and check this theory out. I found the actual Holy Trinity Church (which also excited me – I know, sad!) and wandered through the quite sparse graveyard looking for a Carroll inscription. Ho hum! There wasn't any, although there were one or two which were so weather-worn and faded you couldn't quite read the names. Was that a C...? And that could be an A...
One more thing... Barbara at Little Miss Muffet Stamps has prizes this month! Click on the New Release picture on the right hand side of my sidebar to see how you could win!
Chef was most displeased.
Throughout 2009, this series' aim was to discover what happened to towns after 12 years of New Labour, to test the idea of the 'urban renaissance' against the recession's reality. Now, with the recession barely over and growth hardly registering, the question is different – what happens after New Labour, after the Regional Development Agencies, after the 'bonfire of the quangos', quite possibly after CABE? Does the 'big society' mean anything in these places, or is it just an ideological bromide for classic Thatcherism? Will architecture change? Will the half-finished grand projects lie indefinitely abandoned?
So what does Araby Worth have to live for?
No more doubts will plague my night
4. Hair in my food (makes me want to puke).
I find symbols very powerful in my life, and over the last several years the New England coast has emerged as a striking and comforting symbol for me. I grew up in California, a coastal state, but there is something about the east coast that speaks much more to my heart. I love the rocky coasts and the extensive seafaring history here. I love the crooked and weather-beaten wood fences that wind, like a snake, up and down the east coast beaches, and I simply adore the wispy long grass that grows in the sand and sways lazily in the breeze. I love all the summer rainstorms we get here and how moody the ocean can be. When I go to the coast, I find peace and I find answers.
A general observation.
Dagdan followed through, and Pevan made another jump, bringing them out within striking distance of their destination. Trees dotted the dell before them, giving way to gorse, heather and low shrubs in the bottom where a hidden stream burbled. The far slope rose markedly higher than their current vantage, steep and broken with patches of bare grey-brown limestone, ugly, lumpen scabs on the landscape.
I would hope I’d never lodge an attack on anyone. I don’t like to blog about my faith, because it’s mine and precious to me, but I can’t say I’d never blog about it. I tend to be a bit private online, but people have said I’m “transparent” as a writer, so I can’t say I’d never blog about myself. (Evidenced by this post!)
He smiled (the English one) and said ‘thank you, have a good day’ and, with his little French companion, left the premises.
Writing here has allowed me to embody my voice, and now I need to make some decisions about what I want to say, and how I want to say it. I don’t want to tell my story, I want to tell stories about things that matter in our world, for people who are clever and curious. I want to write about unrepresented people, speak up for those without a voice, and make a noise about things that rile us all up and stories that aren’t being picked up by the established media. This is the power of the internet, and I feel remiss for not having moved this little blog out of first gear. There are a whole ‘nother 4 gears!!
If you understand paragraphs and reasoning perfectly, I shall believe that you do so, when YOU PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH. So demonstrate to me, your understanding of the principles in your communications with me, that you want me to take you serious and listen to you. When you do, I will take you serious and listen to you.
Our biological mothers are very important people, no doubt. I love my mother very much. Mothers are often our first experience with a set of qualities known not only to all of humanity, but experienced and made manifest by all life qua life.
Whether your plans involve Walt Disney World, Disneyland, the Disney Cruise Line, or the exciting destinations of Adventures by Disney, their specialized knowledge of Disney destinations allows their Mouse Tales team to tailor a custom experience that is just right for you and your family. Their travel planners are all experienced in the various Disney properties, and are graduates of the College of Disney Knowledge; an industry designation that they have earned and are very proud of!
The Capitals would fall in six games, making "Moose" 11-3-1 in his last 15 games. In the next round, the Sabres would take a 3-2 series lead, only to have the Penguins dig deep and win the series in overtime of Game 7 as the fans in Pittsburgh were now sporting yellow foam antlers as the "Moose" calls continued to become louder and louder. At the peak of the Penguins playoff fever, one fan even altered a sign in a Pittsburgh suburb, changing the name of Heidelberg to "He d berg"!
Here is the view from Sovereign's back. This is kind of what I saw today on our bareback ride. Again, the rain and mist prevented me from seeing all that lovely dappled sunlight. Yes, I had to borrow a photo from earlier this month again. We got another inch of rain today. I really can't take anymore. I am glad Sovey doesn't mind the mud and rain because, without riding, I would have definitely gone round the twist by now.
Vegetables: One serve of vegetables is 75 grams or:
On both sides of the debate, people have said the battle between the press and the ruling party speaks to the fact that this country, less than two decades after the fall of apartheid, is still figuring out just how to get democracy right.
3. Only by bike?
The family was large,
"Mr Faku clearly does not grasp the freedom of expression clause in the Bill of Rights, which was drafted by the ANC.
"Wait wait wait..." Kristy's rubbing her temples now. "Aren't we supposed to be, you know, polite and quiet so that everyone will like us?"
In proportion as my racial group was being made confident, comfortable, and oblivious, other groups were likely being made unconfident, uncomfortable, and alienated. Whiteness protected me from many kinds of hostility, distress, and violence, which I was being subtly trained to visit, in turn, upon people of color.
and sits down to turn the pages
PO Kris Aquino: Objection! Relevance? Aha-ha-ha!
For me it didn’t, instead I got
What about fiction deserts—has anyone else experienced this?
Can't be expecting her to remember her French or paying attention to what she read at the liberry or things like that. Don't worry your little head, sweetie. Just sit back and let the nice responsible people do your worrying and thinking for you. See the bad people in Iran? Don't they look scary? Boy, are they scary. Maybe we need to bomb them. But we'll take care of that. Look at the nice man on TV! His hair is so nice. Don't you think he should be President? Look at all those dirty hippies! What are they saying? Well, it's just too confusing, so we'll say they're just not saying anything at all. Let the police take care of them... they're there to protect and serve, after all.
She can cook.
I've never been ashamed to admit I'm a vampire fan. And while I read many Vampire related books this year there were only two standouts that used these creatures in new and interesting ways. The Passage has an vampire epidemic of Epic proportions and feels very much like a Stephen King novel in all but name. Time will tell if Cronin can make the complete trilogy as strong, but he has a knack for working in the human factor and making you care about each and every character. The Griffith's The Greyfriar took me aback because I didn't expect to like it nearly as much as I ended up. One normal strike is the Romance aspect, but the pulp sensibilities just overtook the narrative and provided a few hours of enthralling reading pleasure. If you're just looking for a good time The Greyfriar will provide that much needed escape in a very well stylized world.
Round-bellied to show his kind nature
I don’t open up much about my past. I’ve kept that fairly private on ye’ ole’ internets, but to understand why I am a cynic or why I’m such a bad ass, you must understand who I was as an adolescent.
So what did they announce? Well, Garfinkel and Ganor presented three artefacts: two small boxes, one of stone and the other of clay, and a fragmentary stone artefact that looks like some kind of cultic stand. They were discovered at Khirbet Qeiyafa, which is a single stratum fortification in the Valley of Elah (30 kms southwest of Jerusalem) dating to c.1000 BC. It’s a significant archaeological site because it gives us a window onto life in the region at the beginning of the Iron II period, and some would argue bolsters the claim for the historicity of a monarchy under David and Solomon. The two boxes presented are, according to Garfinkel and Ganor, miniature models of the Ark of God. They were among a cache of artefacts discovered within three large rooms that appear to have been shrine installations at the site. Amongst the other objects found were five standing stones (or massebot), two basalt altars (was one of these the third artefact displayed at the press conference?), and two clay vessels for libations.
Die Todesfalle und die Dirnen
I’m a figment of your unconscious, I really don’t care.
We wandered around the various shops, which were eerily reminiscent of Seattle’s Pike Place. All the buildings on the pier were super brightly painted, so of course I wanted to live in all of them. There were a couple of jazz bands and we accidentally went into a fenced-off area where our bags needed to be checked for whatever reason, but there really wasn’t anything going on. When we were satisfied that we’d seen everything that was happening, we joined a friend for dinner and drinks in the hopes that when we left, there would be less kids and more drunk, promiscuous women showing off their tits. By the time we got out of Bubba Gumps, where everyone in the damn restaurant is celebrating their 21st birthday until the end of time, there were pretty much no people on the streets. It was unfortunate because we had dragged old Lames Foreman out to Mardi Gras with the promise of boobs, but I had another engagement to rush off to so, disappointed though I was, I had to dash anyway.
peaceful without rest. This is no mystery when you know it.
I knew I'd be awarding a third prize, but I only decided on the category after I chose the third winner. Budd claims this one with some sage advice on how we can survive the uprising:
Your home can be any space or state of being that fulfills you, provided you are at peace with yourself and your surroundings. A person can feel like home to you, as can seasons and activities. If you feel disconnected from what you once thought of as home, your detachment may be a signal that you are ready to move one. Simply put, you will know you have found your home when both your physical environment and energetic surroundings are in harmony with the individual you are within.
Charles Dodgson
‘Such vayn thought as wonted
Pulp as a role-playing genre is a really fun time for all involved. Players get to make over-the-top characters and the guy running it can throw out giant robot death machines one day and the next it's a mobster with a bent for power. How many other genres have room enough in them for super science, dinosaurs, hypnotic overlords, costumed heroes, the undead, lost cities, undersea journeys, and everything else that comes with with the word pulp.
And then, there’s international growth. Ghosn, who’s French-Brazilian and grew up in Japan, hopes to take Levo League global. “I think we’re going to have massive opportunity, and I’m really excited to do that,” she says.
Even more at risk? They gay and lesbian homeless kids. Of the estimated 1.6 million homeless kids in America, between 20 and 40 percent of those kids identify as GLBTQ
The childhood of everyone is important. When you’re young you’re like an empty paper and you don’t write on it, it’s your parents and the people around you that do. They influence you and their actions and what they say is all believable to you, because you have nothing to compare it to. That’s all great but there comes a point when you stop thinking about the past. I once told you while growing up there are countless little things that shape up, like two hands that model a vase when it’s being made. Every turn every different pressure put onto it will make it unique. That’s not true. That was a vase. We are human. I believe we can change. Everything about us can change. If I don’t believe in rehabilitation then how can I ever progress in changing me? I do believe.
A reminder, Noxiteers, that Thursday is almost upon us, which means a brand-new Thursday Throwdown will soon be scissor-kicking its way through the bat-wing doors of your heart. So get on over to last week's Throwdown and cast your vote for the best/worst local gentleman's club advertisement. Do it now!
Sometimes it really is that simple.
The thrust of his argument as I read it is that however faithfully a filmmaker tries to replicate a novel, a film can never be a true substitute: 'A good film requires careful attention, just as does a good novel, but the kind of attention being paid is not the kind required by fiction' and the two forms inevitably produce different creatures.
Here is what Randy Ingermanson says about them:
We were about the last to arrive and found five other couples waiting for us: Roger & Eve, Randy & Claudia R., Michael & Nancy VonN, Carl & Missy G., and Bob & Kay O. We made sure to leave enough time to ogle and drool all over Carl & Missy’s new Paketa V2r tandem and marvel at its svelte 23lb weight before the brief riders meeting. Here’s the obligatory photo of their beautiful bike which captured the “Best Alternate Materials award” at this year’s North American Handmade Bicycle Show. BTW, if you want one of those nifty wheel stands for your pride & joy, Carl has a source! Just let me know and I’ll put you in touch.As I said, after a brief rider’s meeting we headed on our way for what would end up being about a 47-mile ride that took us out to very familiar-looking places in Fayetteville and Woosly, as these are popular riding areas for many of the local cycling clubs metric and full-century rides. The terrain was a nice mix of relatively flat to rolling road in good to excellent condition, noting what seemed like nearly 10-miles of which had recently been repaved. There were a couple of not too long and not too steep grades that allowed to get our heart rates up a bit, but overall it was a relatively sedate loop with low traffic. I think we hit three or perhaps four “store stops” along the way which are always a mixed blessing. In some respects, I’d rather just go non-stop so that my legs don’t cramp up from being off the bike. But, then again, these are social rides not races and the hallmark of a social ride is socializing. So, stopping to take bio-breaks, grab a Coke and investigating what some of these rural “country store / gas stations” have to offer can be interesting.
Don't ever feel that your life went by
Okay, so there's a group of friends who usually try to do things together two or three times a month. Due to not having a job and the price of gas and some other things, I rarely make it more than once a month now. Once in a great while, the pilot has us over for dinner. And, usually on the third Saturday of December, we exchange gifts. And this is in addition to the official gift exchange at the club, which is also on the that same Saturday.
Next appointment: January 5th (moved from January 3rd)
I am not Wonder Woman. I'm just saying that right out.
My head is bloody, but unbowed.
Life comes from life. Babies come from their mothers, drawing their very life from their mothers' own body. There isn't new life without a giving.
THANKS to EVERYONE who entered my FIRST BIRTHDAY GIVEAWAY!!
[4] Interim Hearing on San Diego Zoological Society: The Care and Handling of Animals and Other Management Issues, July 29, 1988, California Legislature, Senate Committee on Natural Resources and Wildlife, Senator Dan McCorquodale, Chairman, 48–49. Quoted in Bradshaw 2009 ibid
Matthew Pearl – The Dante Club
(‘What do you do when someone laughs at your children’s Swedish?’).
I never made it to Versailles. It was one of those days that unfolded itself and led me through the labyrinth of surprises. First off, I just couldn’t get moving to save my life. So instead of pushing, I let go. Versailles is one of those places that requires a full day, not a half day. It’s huge, beautiful and grand, you don’t want to rush it. I decided to walk until I found a metro station.
commandments.
19. Celebrated my sister’s retirement. Actually, we’re still celebrating.
All my love, and lots of hugs. The road wont be easy but it will be worthwhile.
That little stinker looked me right back in the eyes and grinned the biggest grin I have ever seen him do. He even had a twinkle in his eye.
Preheat oven to 350. Line 3 baking sheets with parchment. In bowl cream shortening and sugars about 2 minutes or till fluffy. Add vanilla & egg replacer and mix for about 30 seconds. In seperate bowl mix next 4 ingredients. Finally, fold in chocolate chips. Scoop out cookie dough placing 8 on a cookie sheet. 3 rows, outer rows with 3, and middle row with 2. Ever so slightly gently press down on the cookies with the palm of your hand. Bake 11 minutes or until lightly golden around edges. Let cool for 10 minutes on baking sheet before transferring to rack to let them "gel" together and avoid breaking.
“Colours?”
Then, following a frantic call from staff at the University and a flurry of posts to our Facebook page and blog it became clear that he was back! Apparently whoops of delight were heard in at least one City Centre office here in Nottingham and I think many thousands of Peregrine Cam followers gave a simultaneous sigh of relief.
5. When the Leaves Come Falling Down
This is a mantra we sang often during my last week at Yankton in classes.
The label is useful for finding others who share your philosophy. Unschooling does mean something, it doesn't mean do what you want and call it unschooling. It doesn't mean we unschool but...we unschool on weekends, after school, we unschool but use a math curriculum.....etc....
A6 59 Times The Pain - As You Move Along
That's right folks, The Scrappy Housewife is now accepting reader submissions (no blog required) and guest posters!
Miss Anything? Not puking. Being able to keep food down.
I cannot believe our Great Niece Aubrey is four already! Yesterday it was all about princess/girly girl things complete with some of those new pink Legos just for girls, Dora the Explorer jammies, a princess movie, dress up clothes, make up and Zoobles. Zoobles are a little creatures in a ball shape. When you drop them, they spring to life..wings and legs pop out, it is an ingenious design. Aubrey had a fun party afternoon!
Our friends at www.eatnlisten.com are hosting a "'Have Yourself a Foodie Christmas' Holiday Recipe Contest", with foodie-related prizes including a Guy Fieri Knuckle Sandwich 2 Piece Knife Set: the Chopper Santoku knife, which is built for speed and small dices and Lil’ Guy, who works for peeling and cutting up small fruits and veggies.
I was wondering if you guys will be covering programs like AVIRA, AVAST or FrostWire ? Like you use to way back in the day.
Necklace (heart): present from my aunt
The disciple Peter is someone whom many of us relate to. He was eager to please Jesus and really tried hard. In the gospel reading for Thursday he made what probably seemed to be a very generous offer: the idea of forgiving another person as many as seven times. Jesus, of course, raised the stakes a great deal higher than that and told a parable to show what he meant. In Jesus’ economy, forgiveness is extravagant.
“Penfold, are you saying…”
Ashley has been using an iPad at school for a year now, and loves it! The school staff was amazed at how quickly she picked up the techniques (finger swipe and such) as well as at the increased pace of her learning. Of course, I have been telling them since she was in 3rd grade that she needed a computer-based curriculum...
The point is – looking at Boris Johnson and others on the Tory side, and even Speaker John Bercow – there are plenty of power freaks in the Commons who would make no bones about their strength in a crisis…..and show no mercy to liberal democracy. The only thing that could stop such a person would be discernment of the threat by voters, the media and the elite. On the basis of Obama’s rapturous reception this week, I am forced to conclude that none of the members of that triumvirate could offer even the semblance of such judgment.
Wifesy laughed. “That’s really funny. You should blog about it,” she said. “But, seriously, would you have my kid?”
But the shadowy form
The message here was clear: professors willing to provide data--even if that data is accurate--that challenges Holloway's worldview will face ill-concealed accusations of racism.
Momma
While the spaghetti is cooking put 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a pan, over medium heat. Cook the bacon crumbles until they're fairly crisp - about 3-4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook another minute.
In the first week of May, everything finishes up, it’s like it ended. It’s as if you gone up the mountain, down the mountain, up the mountain, down the mountain and now, there’s no more mountain at all. You’ve reached a valley that doesn’t seem to have any ending at all.
This is all therapy for Himself, just trying to bring him out of the dark place he has been all winter... hope it works.
Where does his story end and our story begin? His story ends when the social, political and economic cost of enslaving bodies became too high. Our story begins when the chains and shackles were reformulated to enslave minds instead of bodies. These bonds are not cast in iron, but in ideas. Memes. Brain chains.
Sometimes, one needs to get out of one’s comfort zone. With this in mind, I decided to attend a “pauze concert” of the Hanumi sax quartet. According to the blurb on the program, the quartet took part in the chamber music festival in Middelburg in 2011; their performance even being shown on TV. The quartet is interested in “new sounds”, sponsors the writing of new works to be performed by them, forms new combinations with such instruments as bagpipes and percussion, and performs music written by local composers.
3. Place the trimmed artichokes in the pot, heart side down. Add cold water, making sure that the water comes at least halfway up each artichoke. Cover and bring the water to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for about an hour. Test to see if they are cooked by taking tongs and removing one of the outer leaves. If it comes off very easily, then they’re cooked. If you have to tug at it a little, then leave them to cook a little longer.
1 checklist.
There’s a bug on the floor! Quick, go get a shoe!
My old dishwasher died last summer and I have been washing 4-6 sink full of dishes by hand each day. Boring and hard on my wrists but no more! My new dishwasher was delivered and I can load it up to run once a day now! How much easier and a lot nicer for me to just press a button and walk out while it does all that work!
Once under the bar your feet should be hip width apart to take the weight out of the hooks. Now, you can take a small step with each foot out of the rack and away from the hooks. Often time I see people walk the weight out far from the hooks and this does nothing but fatigue you and can actually lead to injury if you make a false step or lose your balance. so SMALL STEP WITH EACH FOOT AND YOUR GOOD.
Thank you for prohibiting oil and gas wells in Longmont’s residential neighborhoods. I encourage you to stand strong regarding Ordinance O-2012. Keep the public health, safety, and welfare of Longmont’s citizens as the focus of your decisions. Do not capitulate to the threats from COGA and the Colorado Attorney General’s Office. Extend the moratorium. Case law supports that tactic. It will delay legal action by the State and give the City time to expose the fact that the COGCC is ignoring the health issues that arise from oil and gas wells in an urban environment.
Subtitles: English SDH and Spanish
Hope you are all well. Are you sitting comfortably as I have a bit of exciting news to share with you today.
Joe Gargery
· Highly adaptable to rapidly changing environments and situations
An updated version of the 1997 suit, filed with the US District Court of DC in 2006, alleges that promotions at the agency were decided by a “good old boys network” that kept black agents out of top jobs. And “good old boys” isn’t a metaphor — in the Eighties and Nineties, white agents actually joined other government employees an annual event called the “Good Ol’ Boys Roundup,” where they participated in activities like “the posting of racist signs like ‘Nigger check point,’ a simulated lynching of a black man from a tree, and a host of racist skits and songs.” The Roundup also elected a “Redneck of the Year,” a dubious title held by at least one Secret Service agent. And it was apparently a networking and professional development opportunity — many Roundup attendees were later promoted to senior positions with the agency.
I chopped up a whole boatload of greenbeans
If you were to ask anyone who is aware at all of political events in the world a question: “What would be the ideal city to have as the world capital if there’s going to be a world empire?” – it is obvious what the answer would be in most people’s minds. It cannot be New York, because that is the center of capitalism; it cannot be Moscow, because that is the center of Communism. It cannot even be Rome, because Roman Catholicism is still some kind of limited tradition. The logical place is Jerusalem, because there three religions come together, three continents come together. It is the most logical place where could be peace, brotherhood, and harmony: all those things which look good, but unless they have a solid Christian foundation are not God-pleasing – those things which can be used by Antichrist.
In the automotive kingdom, there’s nothing like the Bugatti Veyron, which, in convertible form, is known as the Grand Sport. With more than a thousand horsepower from its 16-cylinder engine and a top speed of way over 200 miles per hour, the Veyron Grand Sport is the fastest and most powerful cabrio production road car in the world.
Ask him if he sells any versions of the Bible that use "all-inclusive language," so that women don't feel discriminated against.
And it was really good.
Mother’s Day came, doubling Oedipus’ pleasure. –Bruce Benderson
I’m guessing if you have mini deadlines for new content to show to people on a shorter time-frame, such as a weekly critique group, new content would be written in no short order. That’s the theory anyway. Worth a go I guess. Now I just need to find a Critique Group. Deviant Art’s paid service could serve this purpose, but for some reason, not many comments seems to flow by apart from monosyllabic exhalations from time to tome, so there goes that idea. I’ll keep an eye out and update with news.
You want an apology? Well here it is.
medium-distress inks
hypothesis and author of books painting worst-case global warming scenarios in spectacularly lurid terms – has just announced that, well, actually, he overstated things dramatically, so did other climate activists such as Al Gore, and global warming actually won’t be as bad as all that.
Anyway, I am back and I have stories to tell.
Somewhere along the way I got my funny bone but I still hate it when people tell me jokes. I feel obligated to laugh and 9/10 times I don't think the joke is funny(I get the joke I just don't like the joke). The only jokes I think are hilarious are the ones my kids told me when they were really little and we were in the car on a long road trip. They went something like: knock, knock! (who's there) car! (car who?) car butt that was blue with treetops! har,har,har! and...and...snot with rainbow boogers and..and... (those random bits of what my little ones thought were so hilarious I TOO thought were hilarious!) so I am a joke snob I suppose but only 5yr and under jokes do I find funny!
They all love it....
Graphics Processor : Mali 400 MHz
As you may recall, I’m a pretty big fan of the original Avatar: The Last Airbender animated series. So when I heard that Nickelodeon would be airing a sequel series, set 70 years after the original, I was equal parts excited and nervous. There weren’t any glaring problems. The creators who worked on the original series were all coming back, and the integrity of the project hadn’t been affected by the abysmal movie adaptation. But one of the strongest things about the series was the fact that it had a beginning, middle and end, and that the story followed a logical progression dictated by story needs, as opposed to being used to sell things. This new series would need a strong sense of place, interesting, relatable characters, and a compelling conflict to live up to the standard set by A:TLA.
Can you recall a time you tried to teach yourself something new?
I refer to the death aroma wafting about the professional religionist and the hierarchical assumptions only just beneath the surface of their words. Such assumptions can be found among those of honorable intent, as well as among those who pirate the treasures of God. How many, I wonder, remain glued to this latter day version of ‘ the divine right of kings’ – I mean that perversion of genuine accountability known as the covering doctrine.
