Often there are reasons why the sock is made,
Whatever topping you like.
7) I haven't been blogging much, or visiting other peoples blogs. And I definitely need to do more blog hopping, I miss my peeps too much. Although having the chance to meet some in person has totally rocked. :)
With love,
Perhaps the most polarizing character in Miracle Day, though, is Jilly Kitzinger (Lauren Ambrose), who, like Oswald, is another surrogate villain, although I wonder if people realize she’s supposed to be this crazy bitch in heels? I mean, you do get that the idea here was to create a camp, over the top villainess, right? Jilly’s a publicist who finds herself thrust in the middle of the miracle madness, and with every step she takes, she finds herself enmeshed deeper in the conspiracy, until finally, at the end, she’s at the very center of it all. I’ve been a fan of Ambrose since her days on Six Feet Under, so I was perhaps predisposed to appreciating her work here, although Claire Fisher Jilly is most certainly not. However, she attacks this role with the same kind of ferocity as she did Claire for five seasons. Unlike Children of Earth, Miracle Day doesn’t end with a complete sense of closure. Although its storyline is tied up nicely, its characters are left dangling, and Jilly is one of them. I don’t pray, but if I did, I’d pray for more Torchwood and more Jilly Kitzinger, because I had so much fun with Miracle Day, and this just simply cannot be the end. Yes, like the best professional entertainers, Russell has left me wanting more.
10 Myths About Females With Aspergers
But pitches change over the years. The SCG has produced more Sheffield Shield centuries than any other venue this season.
Peter then abruptly walked off but not before tossing a fifty-dollar bill on the concierge’s small desk. Raymond watched the man walk out the revolving doors then under his breath whispered, “What a huge asshole.”
my dayside hands could never shape,
Get pumped in your own livingroom. 2nd position most bizarre record of 2012.
reaffirmed their views and support for the proposals. In particular, they advised of their concerns regarding safety being an issue at this location. Councillor Hart also re-iterated his concerns for residents of Bittacy Close, who suffer from obstruction at the junction of Bittacy Close and Bittacy
Nicknames-Joney-baloney, shortened to Joney. It's just too cute to hear Ellie call him Joney. Sorry in advance buddy, didn't mean for it to stick!
Sunday, 12 February: Reinetha Venter (59) and her daughter René (27) were attacked on their farm approximately 30 km outside Modjadjiskloof. Reinetha was stabbed at least ten times in her hands with a knife before she and her daughter were tied up.
Have a wonderful productive happy Day!
Larry Crowne is perfectly content at his local megamart, until corporate downsizing sends him packing. A life of daytime TV beckons… but it’s not just unemployment that’ll be haunting him, it’ll be the debt collectors too. So he decides to enroll in community college, where he meets Mercedes Teinot (Julia Roberts), a deeply unhappy and disillusioned English tutor, and a colourful collection of annoying young people.
In his final screen role, and despite being diagnosed with terminal lung cancer, Cazale continued work with fiancée Meryl Streep in The Deer Hunter. "I've hardly ever seen a person so devoted to someone who is falling away like John was," said Pacino. "To see her in that act of love for this man was overwhelming.
I also like a good party. I read somewhere once that your comments section, on a good blog, should “feel like a party”. The one here, on Sweet Mother, DOES. The one on my old blog, not as much. I delight in reading the comments here EVERYDAY. I delight in it. That means that I’m doing something right. And I’m no genius. You can do this too.
Wildlife habitats have always been about putting the needs of wildlife above the convenience of humans. Broad application of fertilizers may keep the lawn green and the flowers constantly blooming, but the runoff of phosphates into waterways causes major pollution. Ants and other garden pests can be irritating, but overuse of pesticides throws off the balance of nature, killing all insects without regard for their place in the ecosystem.While we use the very occasional dose of MiracleGro or other fertilizers here and there in the gardens, we have a much higher focus on using the right plants in the right place and adding compost to enrich the soil. As for chemical pesticides? They don't have a place for us.
Description: There will be paint and paintbrushes available for the children. There will be paper taped on the wall and on the floor for them to be able to paint on. This activity will allow them to incorporate color recognition and large muscle movement (going from painting on the wall to painting on the floor, etc)
I want to thank both Peter and Claire for suggestions of manuals and comparable machines. I actually tracked down a teensy bit of information about Domestic sewing machines here, and they have three different manuals. This is the one closest to my machine, although I think it’s a slightly newer (or perhaps just more expensive) version than mine as it has a tension dial rather than lever, and a slightly more advanced-looking stitch length mechanism. There’s no date on the manual, but the font looks sort of 50s to me (I know, so precise). I’m guessing late 40s or 50s for this machine—I’d be surprised if it was as late as 60s (but then, they were still making Featherweights through the 60s). Vintage aficionados care to weigh in?
Next up we have the donor duo!
In any language Tonino Guerra was arguably one of the greatest screenwriters of all time. Indeed, not only were his screenplays always intelligent and possessed of a poet's sensibilities, but he was also extremely versatile. My best friend and I often noted that co-writers Michelangelo Antonioni (who also directed) and Tonino Guerra scripted the quintessential film about Swinging London, Blowup; they were two Italians who captured the time and essence of the place where native Englishmen had failed. This was not an isolated case in Mr. Guerra's career either. With co-writer Lino Iannuzzi, Tonino Guerra was able to capture the feel of Prohibition New York City in Lucky Luciano. Tonino Guerra had a singular talent for capturing the essence of any time and any place with his screenplays.
Syed Mokhtar, 60, is the Southeast Asian nation’s second- youngest billionaire after Berjaya Corp. Chairman Vincent Tan, according to Forbes magazine’s latest rankings. His ties to Mahathir, who describes the Malaysian tycoon as a friend, stretch back more than a decade. About a year before Mahathir stepped down in 2003 as prime minister, he awarded a $3.8 billion rail project — then the nation’s biggest infrastructure undertaking — to contractors including Syed Mokhtar’s MMC Corp.
Next we can see the start of my wide period, where instead of taking a picture of a model, I am taking a picture of a scene that includes a model. The sky is courtesy of a trip to Scarborough. I've also fiddled around with the image in Photoshop to give a bit of surreal effect. Again a superb pose by Holly.
Spectra Books: paperback published 2006: 483 pages
Marlene Dietrich Knight Without Armour
"Ciao Baby" was issued twice by Pye in a bid to give the band a hit. The first time around it dominated the airwaves impressively, but failed to chart. It's not hard to understand what Radio DJs saw in this one. It's rich, summery harmony pop which would have sounded utterly in keeping with some of the more middle-of-the-road hits of the day. There's a slick touch of class to the performance and it's arranged in a typically pleasing fashion by Tony Hatch. It isn't, however, any sort of lost classic, and the fact that it's been largely forgotten in the years since unlike other 'turntable hits' ("The Days of Pearly Spencer" by David McWilliams, for example) possibly shouldn't be that surprising.
It turned out, however, that there is more complication here than meets the eye. The dedication on the side of the tomb is to Thomas Hanbey Esq who was, I believe, Master (1775) of the Worshipful Company of Ironmongers, in whose records he is shown on his death in 1786 to have endowed in perpetuity places at Christ’s College for two boys. The land on which the church is built was bought from the Ironmongers’ Company in 1721.
Back in Alnwick I got to watch the sun steadily go down as I supped on a Rogue Yellow Snow IPA. The thing is, getting a staff bonus for extra hours in beer has its advantages. The main one being that if I had got it in cash the wife could have got hold of it and used it for other things. So all the beers I've previously wanted but couldn't budget for at Coppers I now had access to. One of these gems was the excellent Weihenstephaner Vitus Weizen bock which paired excellently with the wife's seafood concoction of lemon sole and seabass with a creamy scallop, mussel and chorizo sauce.
Enjoy~!
they are blind in the eyes;
They’re all relatively simple questions. Now, was Michael Clarke’s 329 against India last week the best batting display by an Australian? Was it the best in test cricket history?
There was a pregnant pause as she took it all in. “It appears to be a silly questionnaire.”
“The rally, which is one of the biggest events in Malaysian history, received only 30 seconds of airtime.
And, hey, and did you know that you don't need an iPod or even a Walkman to listen to music on the go? All it requires is to hang a portable radio smoothly around your neck while admiring your collection of surgical instruments.
To you: all this is made of silence. All
'Pirates!' by Roy McMillan is an audio book for children which Sue Arnold describes as 'an entertaining and extremely bloodthirsty history of pirates, privateers and corsairs from ancient Rome to modern Somalia'. So far, so good: and I was particularly interested to see that the book follows its subject matter right into modern times. I used to work for Lloyd's Register of Shipping and know full well that pirates have never gone away, and certainly no longer present themselves in 18th century costumes complete with tricorn hats, parrots, cutlasses and seaboots. (A costume which has a lot to answer for: take away the parrot and add a black mask and a horse and you have a highwayman, another stereotype of the imaginary long-lost romantic past.)
The memories flooded back, furtive hand holding, stolen moments in the back of his car, secret lunches, then the final consummation on white sheets, the sea breeze, this sea breeze, toying with the curtains and cooling their bodies.
You could say I was feeling all healed and warm with acceptance. Sure, a few thoughts of, “I wonder if she’s prettier than me?” and “Is he happier with her than me?” crossed my mind. The minute I started to picture him and this unnamed woman together, frolicking in the meadow, in love, her wearing my engagement ring, I had to completely shut the whole thing out of my mind. But these feelings are normal, right?
The smile upon your face
Property values:
This is where I can accept life as it is and do very little. BUT! It can also bring out some extreme behaviour patterns in me.
Have a great Christmas, my little street urchins.
Social distortion and added spell-checking within another early-morning typewriters meet and greet.
True, a lawyer cannot enter into a compromise agreement without his client’s consent. Be it remembered, however, that a lawyer is also an officer of the court with the correlative duty to see to it that cases are disposed in the soonest possible time.
I always thought that while the child may just “be ready” at a certain point, there must surely be a way to help them “be ready” when I was ready. I thought that as a parent I needed to make the decision, and not just leave it up to chance. And I surely wasn’t going to have a 3 year old still wearing diapers!
1. Pour in your liquid:
Awkward/unnatural walking gait, not able to run/walk at fast pace, able to walk up stairs but difficulty walking down stairs.
On a different note, it was actually really nice yesterday so we went to the park along the river by our house. As we were peacefully sitting on the bench along the bank, we heard this loud air spout type noise. A good sized seal had someone managed to get up the river and was swimming along by where we were! There was a row boat with 2 people paddling slowly behind the seal which almost made us think that it was 'pushing' the poor thing further up the river. The seal's breathing when it would surface was really loud, making me think that it was tired as there was no bank for it to get up on for rest.
If a foreign government intervened in my life by killing my wife, my children, and my friends, I bet you wouldn’t be able to tell me apart from the so-called Islamic terrorists. Do you fault them? What would you do? Put yourself in their sandals.
Hope if you are here visiting you have fun and come back. can’t wait to get started.
Martini? 'Petra offered. Oh sorry, I forgot. 'Petra snapped her fingers again and a bottle of Moët appeared along with two Champagne flutes. I must have inherited my taste of Champagne from you dear Auntie. They clinked their crystal glasses and took a sip. We don't have that long, but I thought I'd come and pay my final respects in person, 'Petra said smiling.
I liked this book better than the previous Merry Gentry novel, but still. It’s hard to keep taps on all the characters, there are so many of them right now. Merry’s men, the female body guards, the staff of the detective agency, the demi-fey and all others I forgot to mention. See, I can’t even remember them all.
To me this is a great point and something I agree with. That is the reason so many people can take a song and have it mean something to them. It may only be a part of a song that clicks with someone, but that part links with your world. If the whole song does that, then you get something you really like. A classic. But it is how you fill that hole that means so many people from different backgrounds can get so much (and often different things), from one song.
A bit of research later: Apparently the UK still uses miles for distance, and "m" as an abbreviation. And it's illegal to use "km" for distance! The mind boggles!
The two Oracles played on, absorbed in the game. They soon learned how to make the game change its rules, but despite their attempts they could not make it contradict itself. The game became more and more complex, then it was suddenly simplified, but the pieces representing the two Oracles and the game itself was still on the board. Half seriously, half jokingly one Oracle tried to attack the piece representing the other. But the attack failed completely, despite that the other did nothing to defend himself.
Perhaps the least accurate reporting amongst this anti-Coaltion extravaganza has been the assertion that the Coalition is in difficulties. I sat through the budget, and left the Chamber thinking that the Coalition has never been stronger. Of course there are Conservatives and Lib Dems who do not much like the Coalition. They never did. Can't get their heads around the fact that we did not win the General election. So many media reports refer to 'anonymous' MPs briefing. In my experience anonymous briefing should be treated as just that. If you can't stand behind your words, you are not worth listening to. Thankfully we have a Prime Minister who seems level headed enough not to be buffeted by all these noises off. We have a Coalition which has come together to repair the damage the last lot did to our public finances - and as far as I can see that is what it's doing. I hope it carries on doing just that.
I needed some green – the strawberry leaves were pretty average and brown-green. No thanks. And then mummy dear swoops in for the win. “Why not colour some icing green and do a design on top of the white?”
So here are a few of my fave pics from today:
Fast forward to the afternoon. The weatherman was forecasting a few inches of snow, so I decided that I had to go to the library to get some good reading material before the storm hit. I bundled up the kids and drove to the library. There was only one car in the parking lot, which I thought was strange. We walked to the front of the library. The doors were locked. Once again, I was baffled. Why would the library randomly be closed on a Monday? I didn't realize that it was Presidents Day until I was driving home.
There are plenty of other things I’m pondering, but I’ll try to save those words for Cathy’s party post instead. I hope everyone is having a wonderful Advent season, preparing for the birth of Jesus!!
come to fruition.
Ellen tore her gaze away from the Cultures menu board and glanced at her friend.
Over all the big bad scary twin experience everyone loves to warn you of did not happen to us. In fact my husband said the other day he wouldn't mind having twins again at all. It's not even something he worries about.
Completed projects - 2
the mounting pain
This is the kind of movie that thinks people mistaking “pentagram” for “Pentagon” is the epitome of political humor. It’s also the kind of movie that takes on the hard issues, like racism. The Attorney General blames a black man for a crime he could not have committed! Even after said black man is mauled by the perpetrator! This is high comedy, folks, and we got front row seats. The Attorney General demands that a popular television show be taken off the air due to its anti-government slant. “We’re going to win back the hearts and minds of the American people,” he says. High-minded hilarity! “I’m worried about national anarchy,” says the president. Ha ha, just like the real president! The Attorney General wants to declare martial law! This is bonkers! Bananas!
Guelph is not a team that has gone through long periods without success. If Guelph has ever gone winless in a season it must have been 50+ years ago. Many of our OUA rivals - McMaster, UofT, Waterloo & York – have experienced that in recent decades. The Gryphons were the only OUA program that made the playoffs every season in the decade of the 1980s. We won two Yates Cups in the 1990s. Guelph is the only team with a perfect record in the Vanier.
Elliott turned away from her and walked out of the room. Kate bit her lip and then shook her head from the inside. His presence hung on in the air of the room afterwards, shadowing her thoughts. How was he able to pull the air from her chest just by looking at her?
Yet we grant the honour of being called British to far more dangerous, murderous and indeed no less alien creatures than crocodiles, we grant it unquestioningly to men and women who's only claim to Britishness is an accident of birth, but who's true inheritance, culture and, in most cases, if the truth be told, true national allegiance, lies far from our shores.
...from The Map and the Territory by that Michael H. guy:The Sushi Warehouse in Roissy 2E offered an exceptional range of Norwegian mineral waters. Jed opted for the Husqvarna, a water from the center of Norway, which sparkled discreetly.
One thing I would’ve found helpful is a little bit of direction. On occasion I found myself without a directional marking and no idea what I was supposed to be doing/killing so a friendly ‘it’s over there’ or ‘get rid of the tank’ would have been nice.
*if you are a soup lover, you will love this. if you aren't, well, I'm sorry.
I lie awake and ask, ‘Where have I gone wrong?’ A voice says to me, ‘ This is going to take more than one night. More than one life ‘
Throughout my life, Sunday has always had some special meaning. When I was a kid, it meant that Mom was making Matzoh Ball Soup and a red sauce for some Italian dish (yes, Jewish and Italian mix perfectly). When I was away at school, Sunday meant bagels after a workout at the gym. When I was older, Sunday meant the Sunday New York Times and seeing how fast I could finish the crossword puzzle...in ink! And sometimes Sunday meant brunch.
Many thanks to several readers for directing our attention to an anomaly in a decision by the otherwise normally sensible Hague Court of Appeal.
* Papers - So many different collections, I can't begin to tell you.
The Council had been based on the king's prerogative until the second Laws in Wales Act of 1542 gave the Council statutory recognition. The full Council was composed of the Lord President and his deputy, with twenty members nominated by the king; these included members of the royal household, some of the bishops of Wales, and the justices of the Court of Great Sessions. It continued to sit at Ludlow, and had responsibilities for the whole of Wales together with the Welsh Marches.
I roll my eyes and leave for home.
Physics has the right-hand rule.
As the Director of Investments for Planning Solutions Group, Jon Giordani provides clients with innovative investment planning strategies. Prior to joining Planning Solutions Group, Jon worked in the institutional market place as a Vice President of Institutional Sales for Deutsche Bank and a research analyst for Croft-Leominster. Jon is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charter holder and holds NASD Series 7 and 63 registrations. Jon graduated from the Johns Hopkins University where he majored in Economics.
Speaking of reality, the Red Sox ended April on a high note, winning 7 out of their last 8 games of the month to finish at .500. That last winning road trip they had brought with it what seemed like a very important and obviously positive stretch for the team. The pitching had been struggling as the bullpen let some games get completely away from them, but the last week of April found a more cohesive and focused unit of relievers coming into games to shut down the opposition. Also during that final stretch of April Boston’s starting pitchers were the recipients of those 7 wins, including ace Jon Lester finally getting his first victory of the year.
Thanks a lot
‘No, you’re right. It is’.
There is a TV show that deals with people and helping them purge. Just regular folks who have accumulated a life’s worth of items.
04 Surfin' Safari
The company I work for is renovating the floors in the building I am in, floor by floor (we have offices in five different buildings downtown), and the 10th floor, where my office is, is next. So we spent a few days this week packing all of our personal items and all of the files for our project and the movers are moving us to the 9th floor tomorrow. I was at work at 6:45 (my normal start time... I know, I'm nuts) and by 10am pretty much anyone who would have work to give to me was gone. I had a little stuff in my inbox that I decided to get through before leaving so that I can spend time on Monday unpacking and getting settled. I left the office at 11:15, got myself some new sandals (a great pair of Birkenstocks), went to Walmart, had lunch... and then came home and created.
in his supply-vault,
30-something: He’s out with his boys. I’ll talk to him tomorrow. This is perfect, I wasn’t going to shave until tomorrow anyway. He better not call or knock on my door drunk later on tonight.
“Hey kids. Who wants to go in a helicopter?”
1. Your trusted glue-gun.
Improved communications across all channels should be what you are seeking and if you stop with the like or follow, you will never get to the conversation. Today’s media channels are rapidly changing and evolving causing us all to refocus on our business models. It takes slow nurturing.
In the 77th minute, history was made. The EA Sports dashboard showed that in the “last 5 minutes”, Arsenal had 100% possession while Everton had…….0. The highest possession range I had ever seen was when Manchester United played Wolves. They had 90% while the Wild Bingoz had 10%. The shocking thing about that game was Wolves emerged victorious.
The Australian Greens responded to the poll results saying it gives a real reflection of the views of the Christian community.
This intrigue you? Me too.
Like this.
B says he knows someone who is clean and says he would be his roommate.
We need a name and we need YOU to help! Please leave your best idea for a name for our group in the comments. Havi will vote! What do you win?! The pride and glory of having named the NYC chapter of the pack walk groups!
So I went to the website. It told me I had to fill out this really long personality profile.
Homeschool Questions/Thoughts I Have: I have been thinking a lot about some things I would like to do next year. A few ideas I have rolling around in my head are: starting a girls club for Tay. This club would focus on dignity, and being "Daughters of the King". I love this idea, but have never taken charge of something like this before. I am also considering leading a co-op locally, similar to Classical Conversations, but again I am hesitant due to lack of experience. I just have a strong feeling that I need to explore these things. We will see were it takes us!
Having let the grumpies have their say, shall we do as we preach and have a balanced, non-inflammatory comment on behalf of beleaguered boffins? Oh alright. Should the studies I listed have been done? Yes (apart from the Scandi one, obviously). They’re by excellent groups and they add another brick to the wall, even if it’s only reaffirming what we knew. The ovarian/height link paper makes a good case by pointing out that the evidence so far published on whether height, weight and body mass index (BMI) have any link with the risk of getting ovarian cancer has not given a very clear picture. They were thus prompted to put together 47 of these studies (a meta analysis) – and what emerged was that the risk increases with height and, for women who have never used hormone therapy, with BMI. However, the important point is that although the increases are statistically significant, they are very small. My colleague Paul Pharoah has helpfully estimated that they show that being 5ft 6in rather than 5ft tall raises the lifetime risk of ovarian cancer from about 16 in 1000 to 20 in 1000.
Phreak: No, really. Look. It’s a bag. Literally.
Denise Gregory, 39, New York, N.Y.
Arrrgh, I have blogger's block. Words are not coming to me easily tonight. I think I may be getting ill. Neddy has had croup all weekend so we've had some tough nights with him coughing all through the night waking both of us up. Poor little thing. He's a tough one though. Still smiles all the time even when he's sick.
Look at verse 4. He says to them and this from his own personal experience, “Rejoice in the Lord always and again I say rejoice.” He calls for them to rejoice. Now this is a command. By the way, we are called to rejoice about 70 times in the New Testament. Even where Paul says, “I will glory in my suffering,” the Greek is “I will rejoice.” This is a present imperative which means he calls us to habitual continual practice of rejoicing.
Exacted by thy fate, on the just day.
Just wanted to polish off a quick post to celebrate the first anniversary of this blog, and I'll return to the discussion of beginners' problems in the regular post. It's been an interesting endeavor, keeping this blog. I've said a lot about setting goals and keeping them, and this blog is an example of how that works. I said I'd have a weekly post, and, minus the summer, I pretty much did that, so that feels good.
When we look for something we can do in church, don't look for a j ob or roles, but look for opportunities to love, care, and disciple.
Oh, and one last thing about visiting Santa Cruz: There are locals who think it’s cute to post fake signs to mislead visitors. Clearly, these are people who haven’t been beaten up nearly often enough in their lives! Follow your maps, ignore random signage, and all will be well. :)
For some reason it seemed that my group, which was mostly members of my families and other people I know, were leading the operation; like the other families did not want to be too directly involved so that they could deal with the cover up and like they were using my families as their weapon/tool to take out the Montague Family, but their families did give the support teams whose job was to help with the murdering if needed/to clean up/preventing anyone from escaping the Montague Mansion/preventing anyone from helping the Montague Family/et cetera.
3/4 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano
Das Motiv ist wieder von Lili of the Valley, die Papiere von My Mind´s Eye und Magnolia, der Text von Stampin´Up.
A new report by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) shows that a demonstration program created by the Obama Administration in Medicare Advantage (MA) is primarily designed to "demonstrate" how to hide politically unpopular parts of Obamacare.
Best Cinematography:
Lastly, we have another Bond girl, but one whose sharp wit redefined the concept. Green is most successful playing damaged, dangerous characters, yet who could resist those classic, Bettie Paige-style looks?
Makes me steam with rage that people take advantage like that.
I have just integrated the 3 new point of lay hens in with the existing flock of hens which is provng difficult - I did this to free up the Eglu for some of the ex batts - but the old girls do NOT like the new girls and while Snowflake and Pearl are doing ok, Nightshade is very shy and is not getting enough food or water or respite from being pecked.
The next morning started with breakfast. The whole cellblock ate at the same time. Olivia quickly got her food and found a seat. She felt the whole room was staring at her. She hoped she could eat quickly and keep a low profile. Her hopes were dashed when she looked up and saw Andy approaching. Andy put her tray down in front of the seat right next to hers and walked up behind Olivia. Olivia began to get nervous in anticipation of what might happen next.
He favoured techniques derived from Medieval Morality Plays and Brechtian Epic Theatre as well as popular entertainments like music, songs, stand-up comic, rather than methods of Naturalism and Social Realism used in Kitchen Sink drama. He developed these techniques to the fullest in The Non Stop Connolly Show to present an account of Irish Revolutionary James Connelly, who was shot by the British after the failed Easter Uprising of 1916. The Play is in six-parts and was performed non-stop over the Easter weekend of 1975. The audience could come and go. It is presented in the form of a review interspersing dramatised events from history with songs and popular spectacle. For example, there is an election staged as a tag-wrestling match.
WRINI Blog (wriniblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
All 3 have a pulmonary appt. on Friday and I am so anxious to go over Tomas and Olivia's plan of care. Both need adjustments, so I'll be glad for that appt.
SOOOO fucking what? You comparing Amtrak with BR? What? Sing out Maroon!
He continued, "My parents almost bought this property just so they could tear this old eyesore down."
1. A combination motor and transmission device comprising
Therapist: You say you are fine, fair enough. I hope you are. I just am speaking to my past experience of ¨fine¨ meaning ¨not so good¨ or ¨horrible (but I’m not saying). I hope you are well. I know you are a survivor and are truly fine either way, that tomorrow you will get up and go, that even if you feel deflated one day, you will come back strong the next or in a few days. So, yes, of course you are fine. I hope good sleep finds you tonight.
Moreover, YouTube tells me that I've been uploading clips for two years this month, and that this one is my 50th! Celebrations all round. Hope you enjoy the asado.
So now a few pics from this week
In over three months of unemployment, I have spent a majority fraction of my waking hours thinking about, looking for, and worrying over finding a job. This we know, as I have beat that particular horse too often in the annals of Irish Gumbo. This week was no different.
I remember the day we found a rose wedged in a crack, with a note from a girl whose boyfriend who had died in the Himalayas. It made Jane cry. We were there to go climbing but came back despite the sunshine - somehow, it didn't seem right. And I remember too, the afternoon of our wedding day, when we walked to the Cwm in pouring rain and held each other on the rock where we'd kissed three years previous, and known it was more than an office romance.
Q: Is it possible that Obama traveled with a U.S. Passport in 1981?
We dropped Leo off at his house, then came home. The kids went to bed, and I blogged. CPT was working on Scout Committee stuff, so we both working on our computer stuff together. It's now 9:45pm. I'm finishing up blogging, and he's ironing. We have therapy together tomorrow. And then he has a lunch thing at work, and I think the girls and I are gonna go to the movies. To the dollar one. Should be a good time.
Now, I just have to keep doing it. No matter what!
But I have to talk about that episode where a cat stole Zero’s ridiculous mask. It totally shows how stupid and tactless Lelouch is or how the mask itself isn’t that good of a idea when a simple conventional mask with maybe a voice distortion microphone may work better in the first place.
I had the honor to be biking alongside cycling advocates — my own brother, Norwell Bautista being one of them, and Manong Meph. Now I know why the older sibling loves pedalling around. I fell in love with biking too after riding along that trail. They always told me about their advocacy to keep building pollution-free communities and promote active lifestyles. I’m so blessed to know people who are living these advocacies. They are people who are living their passion. People who live tell-worthy stories.
~ the great
Wagneropera.net's critic Mark Berry searched for what might be valuable in Sebastian Baumgarten's production of Tannhäuser at the Bayreuth Festival this summer to attempt to discover what grounds there might be for a dissenting opinion. Unfortunately, that was to prove a devil’s advocacy too far.
I really don’t know what this is that I feel
add the zest of both lemons
And on top of the fear and the hurt, I’m just plain pissed off. Like I want VERY BAD THINGS to happen to him. Which is horrible of me and the second I start thinking that way, the second I am reprimanding myself for being such a bad person to think like that. I want more to happen to him than just being without a vehicle or a phone. Because, seriously, if he would just get and keep a freaking J.O.B. he could make that happen for himself. No. I want him to suffer. I want him to feel heartbreak. I want him to be lifted to the top of the world and then thrown into the ground. I want Karma to come kick his scrawny little ass for EVERYTHING he ever put me through, up to and including this latest fiasco. A lot of me has faith that this will happen because that’s just the way things go with me. A very dear friend of mine says it’s because I have a REALLY strong energy force. I don’t know about that, but I DO know that people who hurt me get hurt. Bad. And 9 times out of 10 they end up regretting doing me wrong. And you know what? I FORGIVE them. I do. Not because they got theirs and we’re even, but because over time I recognize they are human and make mistakes. But THIS? I don’t see myself forgiving him for a VERY LONG TIME.
From within in the shadows
Your ways are good and sure, I will trust in you alone
Let's also keep in mind that certain assumptions can be made regarding the older fans whom may already be familiar with (at least some of) this. We won’t intentionally insult anyone’s intelligence, while reminding the reader that this is primarily a beginner’s guide.
Conflict on Mars! manages to offer something new in each of these areas.
Sonic Youth - Daydream Nation - 1988
I never hear this perspective from anyone else. This week, someone suggested to me that I make out the check to the “Infernal Revenue Service.” I read where one disgruntled taxpayer enclosed her dead husband’s ashes with her return, attaching a note that said, “You’ve taken everything else, you might as well take this, too.”
Buenos Aires
The earl and countess lie in stone,
Myths and misunderstandings: South African white racism.
Redhook Ale Brewery Redhook ESB
For 2012 my resolution is to try to give you the support you give me. You know who you are! Huge, enormous hugs all around!
1. Thanks to everyone who commented on my last post or two to enter a drawing for a signed book. And the winner is.... Karen Pellett. Congrats! Give me your email address and I'll send you a copy.
Lately I’ve seen several posts in my little corner of the blogosphere that attempt to define “weight problems.” Rather than leave insanely long comments on several people’s points, I thought I’d just write my own post. I have two major bones to pick.
2 cups sliced onion
A world where a child responds to the slightest setback or disagreement by resorting to violence. A world where the parent is unwilling or incapable of providing the loving and disciplined framework that a child needs in order to thrive.
I love the richness of this one. I'm a fan of Vienna style malts as well. This was CC's best beer, and I think it would work well as a foil for seafood. I have very rich ribs which kinda knocked down the sweetness, but I could see it still there. It's like if you eat pork-n-beans laced with brown sugar, and then try to drink Kool-aid. The kool-aid would taste like water. The act that I could get the caramel out of this one bodes well.
surrender was the only escape,
EG2 day 177-180
Don Lalo's is at 585 Roblar street, right near a pretty good pizza place called Papa Lennon's. They have been doing very well and the owner, Angel is a charmer. Sadly, only 5 people have bothered to give them Yelp support, but that's how it can be in a small town.
I asked that person what they meant and they wondered if or why I didn’t feel any resentment about the whole situation.
Notes: Any tears that follow are not the fault of the quote, just your (my) pussy willow little emotions.
Our third-born
We had a great meeting today! It was nice to see everyone after the holidays. The club has some fantastic things planned for this year, and I won the door prize today!
Happy Thanksgiving my friends!! This has been a time of reflection for me. A time to reflect on how lucky I am to have the family I have, the friends I have and the many blessings that our creator has given me.
I’ve picked up a copy of “The Frozen Thames” by Helen Humphreys at my local library. It’s a book that immediately catches your eye: It’s very small, with lots of pictures. It’s very easy to read too because it is a compilation of vignettes – very short stories – and even with my crazy work schedule, I’ve managed to read it in less than two weeks (less than a day’s read for an avid reader).
What is the current state of Irish-America? In the 90’s it throbbed with political passion.
Would you just look at the faces of the Justice Leaguers in the foreground, who are being shocked to death by Johnny Thunder’s Thunderbolt?! You can FEEL the agony they are experiencing! (Yet, Green Lantern still has time to grope Zatanna. Hat’s off, Hal.) There’s just so much palpable emotion on their faces! This cover truly delivers! (But hey, Justice Society, don’t all rush to help out at the same time!)
This helps kids learn counting, patterning, sequencing, problem solving with addition and subtraction. Problem solving example: If two more ducks climb up, how many will be at the top? We have only tried the patterning section of this game, but they did very well with it, and enjoyed it a lot.
Edward Watts, 30, however, was more critical.
for the next go round,
Are you the brave show and tell type? For all that I'm happy to display things on my blog, I get pretty shy about them in person.
We live between a natural river and a man made one. Sand fleas can become a problem around here. With winter being as mild as it was, it never got cold enough, long enough, to diminish the flea population.
PS. Don’t bother asking if I’m in a relationship or what. I’m single and unavailable. Haha. My family and friends are those who inspire me.
I remembered how I used the button as an incentive to motivate and reward students for doing their best work on Accelerated Math assignments. AM is an individualized system of math practice worksheets that students complete and score on their own. After working the problems, they carefully bubble in their answers on a scan card, and slide it through the machine. Students who scored a 95% or higher on their AM worksheet were allowed to tap the Easy Button which would promptly announce to the room, "That was easy!" The kids loved it, and I know it encouraged them to bubble in their scan cards more carefully.
So there can be seen quite an evolution and progressive intelligence throughout the Vedas Samhitas and Upanishads that reveal the changes or updates we see from antiquity to present day. The ancient peoples lived by a similar thread that ancient Pagans lived under, meaning, the lore and the divine guidance provided for one lifestyle that we now feel is harsh and barbaric. It was all survival of the fittest. People had their castes, their societal chores, kings and warriors were revered and celebrated with massive offerings and festivals. And then a new wave of human feeling appeared and no longer was it unquestioningly accepted to hear the tortured cries and bellows of the animals whose blood and trauma was meant to bring about goodwill and blessings to those who ordered the knives to their throats.
You leave home and you move on and you do the best you can
Today, the Playland Arcade faces a broad empty field and has been abandoned for many years. Inside the arcade, an army of raccoons and cats has taken over. If not for the freezing winter weather, the stench of their urine would be overwhelming. Hundreds of empty cat food containers litter the floor. Large sections of ceiling have come down, allowing rain and snow to rot the interior. Collapsing walls are propped up by police barricades. Trees grow in the squalor.
The winner from last weeks challenge is
Phoenix Sullivan, "My Novel Cracked 10 Amazon Top-100 Lists—YOURS Can Too!" to air Friday, June 3rd.
It seems very strange to be coming to the end of my university life. I just checked back on the post I wrote when I first started here and I can’t believe how quickly that time has gone. Despite the massive problems I’ve had, especially the obvious one, I’ve enjoyed being here and it’s been a great experience. I’ll be proud of myself for the first time in a long, long time if I manage to pass and get my degree (which, barring any catastrophes, I should do). It’s a weird time and I’m not sure how I feel about it but for once I’m not depressed or anxious about the near future.
Remember when Slayer’s “Reign in blood” was released? Everyone was complaining about its very short length to finally agree that it was (and still is!) so brutal that 28+ minutes were enough. Both the artists and the audience are so much used to it that when a band releases a 16mns “full length”, the public complains it’s too short and not many artists would like not to have a “traditional full-length” out. See what I mean?
This giveaway is open to US Residents age 18 or older.
PS: Photos are all personal...
Just to be a little geeky for a second, the kit I had consisted of the following: 480EX II Flash (which is a little slow to cycle I discovered, I can see now why the pros spend alot more to get the 580EX, Canon 24-70mm f2.8 lens (very heavy), Canon 5D Mk II camera. It all adds up to a fair amount of weight, mainly due to the large amount of glass in the lens (you need alot when it can go to f2.8), so not exactly something I could put in my purse. I hope the pictures I got make the effort worth it, you can see them on my website and I will upload full resolution versions to my deviantART page over the coming week - shrinking pictures and putting them on FaceBook etc doesn't really show them at their best.
A Bacteria-Based Hard Drive? – Imagine if your computer had a hard drive that simply grew another platter when it approached capacity. In the future, ultra-high-density, non-volatile storage could be grown using magnetic bacteria. Really.
MH: What has been the reaction thus far on having a transgender character in The Book of Transformations? Were you at all worried about how it would be perceived?
Too much of late in Malaysia has been about negativity, anger and insecurity. Bersih 3.0 is moving politics away from that negativity to the promise of a better future for Malaysians, or at least trying to do so. Najib’s reaction to Bersih 3.0 is perhaps his most serious leadership test yet.
Yes, Rogue, as in from Oregon where we were previously. They have a pub here too, as well as others dotted around between here and there. This one is located in North Beach opposite Washington Square park, but it’s not quite as friendly or as big as the one in Portland unfortunately. It was heaving though, and I did have some tasty Rogue beer, being Triple Jump (13.5 Plato, which works out roughly at 5.4%) which was literally jumping with hops. They say on the website that the beer focuses on hop flavour – they ain’t wrong! Adam had a not-so-nice Somer Orange Honey Ale (5.2%), which we both thought tasted foul, and didn’t particularly taste of orange or honey. It was pretty much undrinkable. So onto the next place.
Will I disturb him? will I annoy him?
And he did , he came out in his two year old brothers coat…..
As has become tradition on exoneration mornings, District Attorney Watkins addressed the courtroom when the hearing was over. “We are doing something wrong with our criminal justice system and we need to fix it,” Watkins said. He addressed the two men, adding, “I am sorry the criminal justice system was not working for you.”
Just a few more feet! Xu Guan dodged purposefully to the right to disguise his intention to slip through the gap in the bushes. His foot caught a tree root and he nearly tumbled face-first into the soft, green earth. Waving his arms and speeding his pace to regain his balance, Xu Guan struggled to juke back to his left to slip through the opening. The opening yawned before him but Xu Guan was on a collision course with the tangle of branches just to the right of the break.
I thought I was all wept out
had begun, Hey, it’s starting!
In all seriousness though, this sweater is amazing! As soon as I have time I'll take better photos of it, but as you can sort of see here, it has this really huge shawl-like collar that goes all the way around. Other pros: PURPLE and COSY. Need I say more?
One minute we were standing there; the next I was shoved against the wall, his hand threaded firmly through my long blond hair.
When the world gives you lemons....make lemonade, and that's exactly what she'll do. Look out for Fi at her new lemonade stand.
A box of 13 wooden block rubber stamps (some will be given away and they are great for cards and little postal gifts)
Let’s put together our BPD human. Although, there are many versions of a person with BPD, I believe the below six traits are present in every person with this disorder.
If you have the opportunity to see this movie in the theaters, I highly recommend it. I think seeing it on the big screen will help you grasp just how big these robots are! They're HUGE at 8 - 9 feet tall!
I'm not going to lie, sometimes I walk over to the kitchen and open up the cabinet and just stare... and smile. That's what organization should feel like, right? Well, let's just say I'm certainly inspired to continue the label love throughout my entire home...
Philip was born in the town of Bethsaida, and was one of the first of the twelve Apostles who were called by the Lord Christ. Then Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him We have found Him of Whom Moses in the Law, and the Prophets, did write." And so he brought him to the Lord. How familiarly he was in the company of Christ, is manifest from that which is written " There were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the Feast the same came therefore to Philip, and desired him, saying: Sir, we would see Jesus." When the Lord was in the wilderness, and was about to feed a great multitude, "He said unto Philip Whence shall we buy bread, that these may eat" Philip, after that he had received the Holy Ghost, took Scythia, by lot, as the land wherein he was to preach the Gospel, and brought nearly all that people to believe in Christ. At the last he came to Hierapolis in Phrygia, and there, for Christ's Name's sake, he was fastened to a cross and stoned to death. The day was the first of May. The Christians of Hierapolis buried his body at that place, but it was afterwards brought to Rome and laid in the Basilica of the Twelve Apostles, beside that of the blessed Apostle James.
Yet appreciating those differences can be a challenge during a "break-up," "a fight" or otherwise while not understanding each other so well. It's the differences in how we react to day-to-day things that often start disagreements and arguments in relationships. When that happens, things can really suck! We can spiral into a series of accusations, judgments, arguments and may use hurtful words. Then we run off to talk to our best friend and re-tell the story, over and over again, igniting the fire of the hurt, blame, judgment and sadness feelings even more. Now we're really on a downward spiral, because we keep telling the story over and over again. And if you're not one to talk to others, you probably have re-told the story over and over again in your mind, so your heart definitely feels it.
It is generally believed that communication that evokes an emotional response in the recipient is the most memorable. The problem is that evoking an emotional response is unpredictable and difficult to achieve. With a room full of students, how can you know what will get that emotional response from all of them?
For we knew
I found it very touching that Laural is working so that her family can adopt, and it is especially sweet hearing how much her son wants a baby sister. Our sons play together in our mom’s club and he is one of the sweetest, most outgoing kids I know. He’ll make a great big brother.
I swallow my tongue, smile,
From Monday, April 30th through Monday, May 14th, author Christopher Healy will be touring the blogosphere to talk about his children's debut novel The Hero's Guide to Saving Your Kingdom and I'm excited that today's the day, I take a look at the book I dub 'not your typical fairy tale.'
4. My favourite character is Della's dad - which character is your favourite?
When Kiera and her friends return from the dead, they soon realise that the world is not the same – it has been pushed. Returning to Hallowed Manor, Kiera soon learns that it’s not only the world that has changed, she is changing, too.
With the new year some people resolve to lose weight, get in shape, be a better person...sure I'd like to do all of that. But first I must fix the leaky faucet in the bathroom. For nearly two years it's been dripping, most recently at about one drip every three seconds. I discovered it's just the hot water, so when we're not around I've been shutting off the hot water feed. But the rest of the time it drips, wasting 9 ounces per hour or 1.69 gallons a day. Over the course of the year that's about 620 gallons. In a town where our river sometimes has low water flow issues even 620 gallons a year makes a difference.
Add the hommus and goat cheese to the mixture in the food processor.
A full-scale war between Sudan and South Sudan is looking increasingly likely. We ask can the two Sudans find peace? Joining Folly Bah Thibault are guests: Safwat Fanos, Douglas Johnson, Samsom Wassara.
“Isn’t there a secret formula for learning and memorizing?”
Excellent replica handbags appear in every single sizing, design along with variations under the rainbow and they also resemble actual cigarettes – virtually. Excellent reproductions are generally stated in a similar fashion, with all the very same sorts of resources and in many cases stitched just like because initial. “A+” reproductions are actually pretty as well as your originals.
They’re coming! I hissed at her, climbing up to a bank of windows that lead to the roof. I rammed my shoulder into the glass, breaking a few panes, stumbling out into the air above the crossfire. The city around me was engulfed in flames. I turned to my right, but the beautiful woman had followed. She was beside me.
There's also this really cute button.....
Mirrors stand gazing at Plato’s retrocausality in the cave allegories of his thoughts
When Samuel L. Jackson’s Nick Fury showed up after the credits of “Iron Man” back in 2008 to recruit Tony Stark for the Avengers Initiative it was clear that “The Avengers” movie was in the works, and fanboys everywhere were instantly excited. A couple of months later Robert Downey Jr. had a similar cameo at the end of “The Incredible Hulk” to ask Bruce Banner/the Hulk to join the team. Then we got “Iron Man 2″ in 2010, followed by “Thor” and “Captain America: The First Avenger” in 2011 and all the pieces were set for “The Avengers” to take place. With some of the tonal differences between the movies I worried at first that they might not all mesh well in one large movie, but the task of bringing “The Avengers” to the screen was given to writer/director Joss Whedon (“Buffy the Vampire Slayer”, “Firefly”) so I knew we were in capable hands.
peacefulness and serenity are the markers of my happiness. Quietness and stillness are what I crave in my home, which is the opposite of my childhood which was replete with noise and at times violence.
My last campaign towards the end of the 90’s was set in around 1922 or so, so I decided to have 5 years go by and set the first session on NYE 1927. My catalyst would be my old NPC “Mr. Troy,” a sort of Truman Capote look/sound alike who was a wealthy antiquarian and high society mystic. Mr. Troy featured as a sort of benefactor in my previous campaigns, at one point setting the old characters up in an occult themed antique shop on the newly built Venice Beach Canals (“Venice of America”). At the start of this game, Troy is in New York, and after character set-up I managed to tie most of them in with Mr. Troy so they can be present at his New Years Eve party at a Times Square hotel penthouse.
I will embark on this journey and will hope that through my blog someone out there, if it’s only one person that I get to, I touch and influence his/her life in ways unimaginable. We all have at some point hoped someone reached their hand to help out and the feeling of reaching and making contact with that hand is the hope we need to have in our lives to continue in such a corrupt world.
“Welcoming the development, Dr. Ali Jan, spokesman of Sarhad Tourism Corporation (STC), when contacted observed that enriching of Peshawar’s profile would enhance its archaeological importance and help STC to attract more tourists and history lovers to the city.
Will I start reading Edward Abbey and Cormac McCarthy?
Your turn. Have you done any branding in the past? What have you found to be successful and unsuccessful? But, if you are just getting started, please be sure to come back and tell us what your name or tag line is!
We recently returned from a short holiday in Tasmania. For those of you who have never heard of it it is the island floating to the South of the continent. It has a much more 'English' climate than the rest of Australia. As luck would have it, though, it was very warm and sunny while we were there, and it was raining at home in Newcastle! We had two nights in Sydney before we flew to Launceston. (So many names are of English derivation!)
Transferred, Edited and Tracked by Franger
If you are spanking your children and you are perfectly happy with how it feels and the results you are getting, then I am not going to change your mind. But if you HATE spanking your kids, as this commenter does, please rest assured that you do NOT have to do it anymore.
-Forces of Change: Technology Deployment Is Gaining Momentum
The Rocker dog gave one last sneer at Moon before him and his friends trotted away, further down the beach.
This is a great meal that included plenty of iron sources - egg yolks, spinach and Vitamin C in the tomatoes so it can better be absorbed. As a bonus, it's pretty easy. In fairness, even a 20 minute meal is really too long for an average lunch, but it would make a nice weekend breakfast or even a quick dinner. Plus, cooking in a skillet makes me feel like the Pioneer Woman. Later on today I'm going to grind some corn to make skillet cornbread and sew a blanket from old rags or something along those lines.
but thank goodness it melted the next day)
Transfer the cake to a large serving plate and use the chocolate buttercream to cover the cake.
It's always fun to have a nice conversation over a cup of coffee...
summary (not really a summary because the true summary gave away everything)
Gillette is something of a geeky character and that pretty much fits my image of a hacker type. Sure that’s stereotyping, but we’re all guilty of that to some degree. I never really got a feel of that reader-character connection to any of the other characters. They seemed more like supporting characters to me.
Seems like Leo Scott has it all: looks, brains, and athletic talent. He’s captain of his high school swim team with a bright future in college and beyond. But Leo has secrets. His mother’s crippling car accident has devastated his family and left Leo to deal with his father’s abuse, battered and alone.
The apartment is coming along nicely. Still need a few things, but it's all definitely workable and starting to feel much more like home.
Christmas china can be beautiful, but I have come to prefer Christmas tables set with non-Christmas china. I'm inspired by all the unique tablescapes posted on blogs and at Christmas teas I've attended. So many designs inspired and augmented by stuff and things we already own from dishes to ornaments. My Christmas Challenge is to create a Christmas table using each of my sets of dishes. Table #1 features Dogwood Dishes, Homer Laughlin "Eggshell Georgian" circa 1951. I posted April Flowers using this pattern, and haven't used them since, so they were eager to come out and play.
To serve, plate the soba and add some Japanese seaweed or tiny red caviar for some additional garnishing and color.
Year-to-date (vs. YTD, 2008), total units sold have decreased by 15.82%, the average price of sold units has decreased by 25%, the average DOM has increased by 12.43%, the total dollar volume sold has decreased by 43.1% and the average LP/SP ratio has remain statistically unchanged.
She was skinny. I was fat.
Most of the time when I’m cooking dinner for people (not really with these blog dinners) I know that the dishes will go well together. I plan flavors and textures, sometimes even densities so that I get the satisfying “mmmmmmmmhmmmm” or even better, the silence when everyone is shoveling food into their mouths so intently that they can’t even bring themselves to comment. With these dinners, however, I quite often grab dishes from different sites and pray that the flavors will complement each other. This dinner was one of those that sounded really good, but I just wasn’t quite sure. Luckily, everything worked out just fine.
So there are not words to describe how suprised and thankful I am to have a man like BH in my life. He is the father figure in The Geej's life who I would absolutely want her to model her future relationships upon. He is calm, understanding, patient, funny, loves nature, smart, dependable, loving and just a good, good person. Now that he is my partner in raising this headstrong, girly girl, I have no concept of how I would ever be able to do it without him. He helps me, not only in practical ways, but also in helping me see things through his wise eyes. He talks me through my daily parenting frustrations. And The Geej? She is absolutely crazy about him. She calls him by his first name when she's talking to him, but when she's talking ABOUT him, he is "my dad" or "Daddy."
11. Rebellion (Lies)
You don’t have a “social” culture
Perhaps AQIM wouldn’t pay as much for Stockly as Ansar Dine offered…
~ Find one ripe woman whose divorce finalized within the last week.
Original Movie Title : Don Seenu
Instead, we can now see that you yourself were already deeply corroded by those years of Left rule. Instead of being the chief surgeon who could excise and help cure the corruptions of absolute power, you yourself were terminally infected by the Baam Front rot, by their poisonous paranoia, by their vengeful megalomania.
So recently, I didn't go shopping much. Pretty much nothing is on my shopping list now. Hehehe, so I'm leading a slacker life currently.
Nevertheless, to be on the safe side, he told his tribe that the winter was, indeed, going to be cold and the members of the village should collect firewood to be prepared. Being a practical leader, he came up with a solution to his problem several days later. He went to the phone booth, called the national weather service and asked, "Is the coming winter going to be cold?"
10:00 - 6 oz bottle
So, a friendship was regained. Even though it may not be easy at this point in time, we will work out our differences and catch up on the past two years.
It had been over a month since he had been to our house for a sleepover. We were so excited as we anticipated the next two days with this little boy who would be celebrating his third birthday in just a couple months. As the three of us sat down to eat dinner that first evening, with chicken nugget in hand, he looked at me and his Papaw and simply said, “I missed you guys!” Melt is the word that described our hearts at that moment. It’s not like Cole hadn’t seen us for weeks and weeks … in fact, we stayed over at his house for New Year’s Eve, and we traveled together to Indiana for Christmas. But, in his little boy heart, he had missed us. We knew the feeling. We had missed him, too.
The Spiritual Intelligence Agency
Nate Abshire
So I for my wedding-day look I have:
* 2 medium apples, peeled, cored and grated
"Well if it makes you feel any better I havent seen my son in 4 years."
7. Face Pollution
I've been on medication for anxiety and depression since before I got pregnant. I stayed on it throughout my pregnancy and 4 months after Pierce was born I expressed to my doctor that I didn't feel normal. She asked me what, specifically, I was feeling and I told her. She tripled my medication and lately I've actually started to feel a lot better. Just last night I was thinking to myself that I haven't had a bad day in a long time and maybe I'm ready to start weaning myself down to a more regular dose of my meds.
We were singing as we went.
My first encounter with Jeremiah, names changed of course, was last year. It was well after school hours and he was wandering around the school grounds, just being....Jeremiah. He came in to the large foyer between the back class rooms and looked around hesitantly then wandered up to my son who was vacuuming nearby and asked politely if he could go into that class room over there because it was his class room and he wanted to take a photo of it. He had his Mum's digital camera and was quite happy to just go into the room take his picture and leave. I thought at the time, that it was a bit strange for him to be hanging around school at the time of day when everyone else had left but he seemed a nice enough little boy and was meaning no harm. We smiled and talked about how cute we thought he was.
Back on the eliptical, I was listening to my soundtrack and I could at once see myself in the distance and yet feel it all over again. The gear shift in my hand. The yellow glow of the street lights. The sound the tape deck made when it clicked from one side to the next. My arm on the door, my wrist resting on the top of the wheel. The feel of Ft. Lauderdale at night. On my face. In my hair. On my arm.
So as we prepare to spend a week of running around giggling like giddy little schoolgirls at a Justin Beiber concert taking in all of the sights, smells, sounds and tastes of Good Beer Week let’s also take time out to ponder this; what am I going to do after Good Beer Week to support good beer in Melbourne? Which venues on my ever-growing ‘To Do List’ will I actually get out to visit? Which venues and retailers will I make the trip to so I can see for myself what all the fuss is about? Which new beer friends that I intend to make during Good Beer Week will I promise to catch up with at a ‘local’ in the next month?
89. Visit an arboretum or botanical center
Naked and torn her life force nearly gone.
In this article last week, Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall argued against the idea that comfort food is intrinsically heavy, stodgy or carb-laden, suggesting that comfort can as easily be found in a fresh fruit smoothie or clear spiced broth as a rib-sticking stew. What matters most – he explains – is understanding how a dish can satisfy your needs; finding a balance of ingredients in order to delight not just the stomach but the senses too. While I absolutely agree with everything Hugh says – at times the cleanest flavours can be both indulgent and satisfying in their simplicity – I would add an extra element to the equation; the comfort that comes with the preparation of food, as well as with its consumption.
This wonderful place was the Indiependence Music Festival in Mitchelstown, Cork and they let me in because I had a wrist band and they liked the look of me.
& I might not be ill at all, really,
Like the last post about cake pops, I'm not writing down the recipe because, well, there's not much of a recipe to it. If you're going to make cake pops you should use a cake mix, not a home-made cake. Cake mixes produce a much lighter cake, which in this case, is what you need. Trust me I speak from experience when I say that home-made cake for cake balls is yuck!
1 tablespoon of apple cider vinegar
Whew. I'm not even remembering all of that one (or even necessarily remembering it all correctly) and it is still the most complicated and awesome thing I have ever typed.
The French take their chocolate very seriously. Yes, one is able to buy blocks of chocolate in the supermarkets, but often each small neighbourhood has a chocolatier.
The main purpose for this ambling collection of mental brain droppings is that I have recently found myself pondering my own mid-life crisis. The growing list of daily aches and pains that hint at real old age, the increasingly frantic pace of American life, and my steadfast hate of suburbia have pushed me more and more into dreaming about a way to escape from it all.
In the end, Utah beat Stanford.
Annie refused to consider that life is not so black and white. I used to cringe when I heard them swearing and calling each other names, contrary to my philosophy of how husbands and wives should interact. I don’t think a marriage breakdown happens in a void; Annie didn’t see it that way. She felt cheated in many ways beyond the obvious one. She had never worked and had no marketable skills. Substantial debt would leave her in financial ruin. She felt he had stolen her life and identity, thrown it away, and that her years as a housewife were a mockery. All Annie could think of was revenge.
There is a lot of chatter in the parenting world about kids' formative years. This term can mean anything from infancy to adolescence, but the implication is always the same: that there is a time period during which kids are formed into the people they will be (presumably forever).
We song-tau a lot. Walk and song-tau.
Ku image a coup
I am so happy with the response to my Luxe Box giveaway! I loved going through your comments and reading how excited you are to get your boxes! I love mine every month and can't wait to share the joy!
Happy presidents day everyone! I don't know about you, but
Have you guys seen "Bedtime Stories"? I'm definitely buying that one when it comes to video - SO cute! I like Adam Sandler when he's not swearing or being crude. He's a funny guy :) Good movie :)
I am so ready for love… love from family, love from companion. I want this so much for me, and for my children. Yet, I am trapped for the foreseeable future with parents and spouse that are the opposite of what I desire and of what is best for my children. How much can I really change for the better? I have no idea.
It is always a great photo opportunity for politicians or celebrities to go out to the war zone and be snapped with soldiers. It is generally billed as a morale boosting trip.
“Are you sure sir? You don’t mind?”
Uruguay was a spontaneous trip that we decided to do last-minute. Being so close to Buenos Aires, we couldn’t resist a visit for at least the weekend. There are different ways to get to Montevideo over land: from the most expensive direct ferry, to the longest and cheapest bus routes. We opted to meet in the middle. Our journey started on Saturday taking the 9:30 am ferry from Buenos Aires. After 3 hours of a comfortable ride on the La Plata river we arrived at Colonia, Uruguay.
The intoxicating and inviting aromas of South Tier Creme Brulee Stout draw you in the second you pop the top. Tons of toffee, butterscotch, and milk in the nose and a gorgeous dark tan head floating on a sea of black.
Possible: Gary Oldman (Lead Actor), Alberto Iglesias (Score), Hoyte van Hoytema (Cinematography), Art Direction, Sound Mixing, Costume Design; Long Shot: Bridget O’Connor, Peter Straughn (Adapted Screenplay)
George Bernard
- Base is tripod threaded.
The deadline is midnight on Friday, January 2, 2009. Make sure I have an email address to contact you. Good luck and Happy New Year!
People nowadays can hardly understand anything of the way the teachers of the ancient Mysteries spoke to their pupils.For if someone wants to explain human heart nowadays,he takes an embryo and looks at the way the blood vessels first of all broaden into a tube and then gradually form the heart.The teacher of the ancient Mysteries certainly did not talk to their pupils like that!
I will update you...if I do good!! Hehehehe!
You sing while you're dancing
The Challenge: Our committee is not engaged.
Our ancestors, the Nsamanfo, are forever watching over us and protecting us. They are to be honored and respected. If we do not know from where we came, we can never understand why we are where we are in the present and how to get to where we want to go in the future. This is called Sankofa — return and get it.
So, Colleen, here's my scrappy pieces finally put together into a quilt top! The border isn't really as wavy as it looks in the picture--I just don't bend well enough to really straighten it out for its portrait. (And I've just spotted an oopsy in it. Guess Jack-the-(seam)ripper and I have a date!
"I do not doubt for a second that those involved in KONY 2012 have great intentions, nor do I doubt for a second that Joseph Kony is a very evil man. But despite this, I’m strongly opposed to the KONY 2012 campaign.
not doubt i'm going to embrace this news with love
Michael Richards won 3 Emmy Awards for his role as Kramer.
We'd love to see anything in terms of images that you would find in nature. You will have until 11:59EST on Wednesday May 18th to upload your projects using the link below. We would love you to use our images, which you can find in the store here, but it's not necessary. Please no backlinking but you can combine with other challenges.
If consumers are willing to ask questions and thoroughly research their options, they can increase their chances of getting the best possible alternative support for the difficult task of treating cancer.
07 – Gasometer, Vienna, Austria (Pat O’Brien, guest guitarist)
“You can’t have it all. You either have happiness in your personal life or in your professional life, but you can’t have both.”
Her beams beneath the silvery thatch;
That was it.
The servant gurgled, blood mingling with piss and shit, several of his teeth broken in pieces about him. “Now,” Lord Fuckington exclaimed, “be sure to do a good job cleaning up this mess, there’s a good lad.” David turned and left his sleeping chamber whistling faintly. An exemplary start to the day, he thought to himself.
Hopefully this is Maturity at its best. My husband and I have found the Route and the Path towards the Right Door. The secret has been there all along! We were so busy dancing through the Land Mines; we just didn’t reach out and follow. The door is open and Jesus is holding the key.
Evidence Gatherer #4: Andrew Buckanavage
Visuallly yours
America, I sense you’ll agree: to snuff out the tiny history of a baby girl, whose time on earth measured less than one full day, cannot be adequately conveyed by the word ‘ruthless’.
In early 1871, France was at a low point, having just lost the Franco-Prussian War. Paris had particularly suffered in this conflict; during the months long siege by the Prussians, there were severe food shortages and people were reduced to slaughtering pets and vermin to stay alive. When the Germans finally left, the city was in tatters, social and economic conditions at a low point. Discontent among the working class, that had been simmering for a decades, came to a head.
To plate, add the tofu squares, a layer of collard greens, the rice balls and finally the shiitake mushrooms. Add the sauce around the base of the tofu until it coats the plate.
Double chocolate Cake: ¾ cup butter at room temp,1 cup white sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 4 eggs, ½ cup unsweetened cocoa, 1½ cup self raising flour, ½ tsp salt, 1 tbsp vanilla extract, ¾ cup semi-sweet chocolate chips, ½ cup chopped nuts. Bake in 9 inch square pan.
still, I have my fairy lights
“Jesus, the Son of God, died on a cross and rose from the grave…So tonight at your house spend the first fifteen minutes chating. We’ll call this the community time. Then open the group in prayer. Make sure everyone is sitting in a circle so they can see each other. Eye contact is crucial…”
The Golden Raspberry Awards were founded 32 years ago as an antidote to the Oscars and past winners have included such illustrious names as Kevin Costner, Halle Berry and Sandra Bullock.
Gerber is a brand that I have trusted over the years for my kids. The towels cover their little heads and keep little ones nice and warm until they are completely dried off. Bath Sets are the perfect gift for any new mom, they are great for use at home, taking to the beach, leaving at Grandma's house, etc.
“American Idol” returns next Wednesday at 8 p.m. Eastern time on Fox.
I ordered Swiss with tomato on multi-grain.
She tried to remember but the pain hindered her.
Ralph - this is a Bananas Foster scent. I think it smells like that 99 Bananas liquor. I will probably r/o this one in a sugar scrub at some point.
and while i can't say that i meet either of those requirements, i actually was a baby once for about two years - during which, i too, tried solid food for the first time.
Pettersson hits her protagonist, Joanna Archer, with one shock after another. She’s brutally attacked, then reunited with her lost first love. She’s disowned by her father. She suffers a brutal personal loss. She’s dropped into a confusing supernatural battle. All of this is perhaps in the first hundred pages. With these revelations out of the way, I thought things would slow for a moment; but the revelations continue. Joanna is given the need to struggle with a legacy inherited from the mother who abandoned her, her new allies don’t trust her, she destroys a life. She’s not what they expected. Her love thinks she’s dead. He’s been targeted. She’s . . . and I put the book down.
This is so far the most healthiest quick bread I've baked! Just imagine it uses only two tablespoons of butter and yields a moist and spongy bread.
Girl I need your luv
You might not have found me, or worse, not dared.
I was pretty young when the world first learned more about what exactly HIV/AIDS was. I can remember getting the "talk" in 5th grade and it was just being introduced into the curriculum. I can look back at those days and think holy cow, how far the world has come huh? In a day when it was believed to be a "gay" disease or the potential for survival was so little, we now see people living full lives and for quite awhile. The truth is, it's a very real and very devastating disease that effects millions all over the world. No matter your race, your sexual orientation, your gender, it can happen to any one person at any given time. With anything comes education, and knowledge. Talk to your kids, talk to your partner/spouse, open lines of communication and learn how to keep yourself safe! Get tested regularly and avoid risky behaviors that can lead to exposure.
"Longevity conquers scandal every time."
I will also be posting a "Question of the Week" I would love it if you would email me your answer. I know I have so much to learn from others and I know that your knowledge will help others as well. I will post all the answers the following week so you can see what others have done or what works for them.
I have been keeping a secret for a little while now and I can finally reveal it.
Quinn: Well, you’re right about that. You’re right about that: the liberal press would have said that they were—they were somehow ideological, but—even though they weren’t.
The history of African Churches in Europe is becoming a fascinating subject as new research work and discoveries are been found all the time. Churches such as the Celestial Church of Christ founded in Munich Germany in 1974, The Kimbanguist Church founded in Belgium in 1978 and the True Teachings of Christ’s Temple founded in Amsterdam, the Netherlands in 1976 by Rev Daniel Himmans-Arday were all formally considered as first African Churches in Europe. To some extent this assertions, usually by the founders of these Churches were true only partially as they were the first African Churches in their respective European countries. This means that The True Teachings of Christ’s Temple is the first African Church in the Netherlands albeit not Europe. In the case of the UK, the first African Church used to be the Church of Lord Aladura founded by Apostle Adejobi in 1964 in South east London. Then Marika Sherwood wrote about Pastor Daniels Ekarte’s Church (Pastor Daniels Ekarte and the African Churches Mission, London, Savannah Press, 1994), African Churches Mission founded in Liverpool in 1931.Through Sureway International Christian Ministries documenting its own story particularly for their centenary celebrations in 2006 and the writings and research work of Ian MacRobert, David Killingray (currently working on a book about Rev Kwame Brem-Wilson) and Desmond Cartwright more light has been shed on the first African Church in Europe. My sense is that there is still more to be researched about the beginnings of African Churches in Europe.
Mr. Harper could achieve a great deal more if he would relax his grip on Parliament, its independent officers and the flow of information, and instead bring his disciplined approach to bear on the great challenges at hand. That is the great strike against the Conservatives: a disrespect for Parliament, the abuse of prorogation, the repeated attempts (including during this campaign) to stanch debate and free expression. It is a disappointing failing in a leader who previously emerged from a populist movement that fought so valiantly for democratic reforms.
Which reminds me of this great Perry line (via Instapundit): “I am actually for gun control: Use both hands.” But I digress. The entire editorial is chock full of the liberal worldview. What will the government to for this person, what will the government do for that person, blah, blah, blah. And every now an then a potshot at Perry. Did you know that Perry wants to poison your water table? Henderson insists that simply lowering taxes and reducing burdensome regulations won’t work because the problem is more “complicated.” How it’s more complicated Henderson never says, but he insists it is. Never mind that Reagan simply lowered taxes, and dramatically at that, and the economy proceeded to create 20 million jobs, and tax revenue to the government actually increased, not decreased.
The name Manx means “from the isle of Man,” Man being in the sea between Great Britain and Ireland. The Manx people are rather fond of their distinctive tailless native breed, though no one knows for sure where or how the breed ﬁrst originated. (One colorful legend has it that the cat was late in getting to Noah’s ark, and the tail was cut off as the door shut.)
I couldn't get rid of them. Is that ridiculous? They are pants. It's pretty unlikely that I will ever wear them again, but I just...can't. There are so few reminders of your life, of our time together, that I find myself clinging to every shred of evidence I can.
WHAT HAPPENS ONCE THE CABAL IS ACTUALLY DEFEATED?
I actually have three works in progress. The latest one was a crazy idea. In the busiest month of my life, with book promotion tasks piling up, I decided to join the NanoWrimo contest and attempt to write a 50,000-word novel in the thirty days of November. The idea comes from a real life experience--I was having odd dreams after which I'd wake up feeling there was something very important I had forgotten. I know it was just my mind's way of dealing with the anxiety of being a newly published author, but the idea appealed to me as a story. I started asking my "what if" questions and ended up with a psychological/scientific thriller. I didn't complete 50,000 words by November 30th, but I'm happy with the 25,000 or so I've written so far.
All you do is click on the fish that have the short vowel in the middle that they are asking for, and the little submarine shoots it down. But that is ALL that it does. The idea that this helps kids practice reading words with short vowels is a fallacy, in my opinion, because my kids loved this game and only one of them can read any short vowel words. My helper told them to “find a word with an A in the middle,” etc. They liked to touch the word and watch it explode as the submarine shot it down. So it is really about visual discrimination.
And Mount Martha is in the background.
Here’s the big one. It WASN’T at all cheap, but how could I not take the plunge?
Mom was a church organist. That meant she had to get up at some God awful hour to go play the organ at a sunrise service. And she left Dad to get us ready for church. Sometimes she would actually have time to come home and get us. As usual, after our 9 o'clock service, Grandma would come to pick us up. Mom always had to play for the 11 o'clock service, which was geared strictly toward adults. Dad was usually at home sleeping in from sponsoring his AA buddies the night before.
I placed the tin into the oven and hoped for the best. I then decided I would risk having a sit down, bliss! The thirty-five minutes soon passed and I went back to the oven to check on the cake. As I opened the door I thought the cake smelt and looked like a dark gingerbread. The middle was still very soft, so I put it back into the oven for another ten minutes. By this time it appeared to be cooked through. Mary says not to worry if the cake sinks a little in the middle as it just means that there was a bit too much treacle added. I was annoyed to see a dip in mine as I had been so careful to weigh the treacle accurately!
The above variables would have to be tracked at a relative level, so we can detect if the variables are increasing/decreasing relative to his ‘normal’ activity (which could be (say) defined as a moving average of the above variables over some period). Based on this index, LinkedIn could give more effectively target its myriad products.
I can't believe I allowed myself to think this way. I suppose it can go back to the self-esteem issues that my counselor constantly tried to address. And the idea that I need to be accepted by everyone. This just isn't so. I am who I am. I like who I am and I need to remind myself that people like me for who I am too. Quite a few people do, actually. I know this and need to accept this. Believe it with all that I am.
Based on the story of Jimmie Governor, this is a tale of displacement in one’s own land, of persecution, of unclear identity, shame and more. Written from an aboriginal point of view (which in itself is controversial – an Anglo-Saxon writing as an aboriginal?) it covers a lot of territory in its small frame (my edition is 178 pages).
Pours a fantastic fizzy creamy head due to the beaut widget can setup! Tried my best to let it sit/settle in true Guinness pouring form by filling up half the glass straight after cracking the can open and letting the foamy goodness settle then topped up with the remaining black magic in the can. Really dark appearance close to night with a awesome lightly fizzed creamy white head on top!
Quarter 4 Measure: Yup, she's still here. You can tell because she's writing her frickin' self evaluation.
Ahh the French, how we love to love and hate the French. France is the worlds biggest tourist destination. Given this detail you might have thought that the majority of people who work in the massive service industry might bother to learn a smattering of the first or second language of all their millions of visitors, you know, English. Not a bit of it. Go into any bar or restaurant and ask “Parlez-vous anglais?” You will get a shake of the head and a “non”. You might ask “why should they, its their country”? And you have a point. But If I was working in an industry catering to the largest tourist numbers in the world it would not be rocket science to me to at least try to learn the english for the stuff on the menu. You know, just to be a bit helpful to the people responsible for my wages being paid. This escapes most French waiting staff. France is effectively a nation with many nice towns and villages full of splendid places to eat and drink. Eating and drinking are the best things about France.
Journalling reads : I look at you and time stands still. I think of a million things at once. Mainly how much I love you and want you followed straight after by the thought you could be my last baby. This makes me cherish you.
For two thousand years and more, religious fanatics have attempted to destroy any and all real or perceived threats to their particular type of madness. From a logical point of view, if witchcraft could really summon physical demons to attack others, how long would the religious fanatics have lasted? From records of the time, it was mostly old women who practiced ancient ways, usually for the benefit of the village that were attacked and murdered.
I have always wanted to make a puffed apple pancake and I did just that. I have fallen in love with apples and missed all the signs. Usually, we know when we are in love. Maybe, we are a little silly or a little moody or maybe it is a dreamy quality. We can't stop talking about "him" and go on and on with ridiculous details. "He drove a car. He played cards with Mom. He picked up the baby. What an amazing man!"
That had come as a nasty shock; two of the players knew what to do to keep trolls down but as their characters did not have that advantage, I ruled against any attempt at metagaming and backed up my ruling with dark looks and muttered threats of "losing a level".
Oh, well.
The galaxy is in turmoil as war continues to wage between the Republic, spearheaded by the Jedi, and the Separatists, with Count Dooku at the helm. Dooku’s latest plot has seen him capture the figurehead of the Republic, Chancellor Palpatine, and his droid commander General Grievous is holding him. As they try to leave Coruscant, two Jedi mount a desperate rescue mission to retrieve the Chancellor unaware that the Sith Lord Darth Sidius is watching the execution of his life-long plan unfold exactly as he has foreseen.
It seems to me to be the least appropriate place to route pylons - a brainless proposition. We are being 'consulted' by the the National Grid - whose information bus manned by articulate unemotional young people towing the party line but telling us little we want to hear - will visit all the communities who may be affected. We will stare sadly at the maps and look up to the hills. We will all fill in our consultation feed back forms.
My basket is abnormally light, swinging at my side, mouth gaping to be filled with fresh produce more enticing than bruised apples and soft, flavorless tomatoes. One season’s fruit and vegetables ebb well before my appetite for one or the other does, yet each craving the impending season excites is left in suspense, unsatisfied in the chasm before the harvest. My hunger is left hovering in midair as the sweetness of pears wanes, clementines and grapefruit sour well before lusty strawberries and bright raspberries wend their way from neighboring gardens to my market; the orange brilliance of plump autumn pumpkins fades before the sugary peaches and nectarines burst onto the scene. Sweet potatoes disappear, exotic pomegranates are no longer mine for the taking yet their absence has welcomed no rich, tart cherries, no rosy rhubarb. And berries. Ah, berries. It will be months before tiny cardboard boats brimming over with buxom blueberries, voluptuous blackberries, glistening, jewel-like currents find themselves nestled among the ever-present apples and bananas now flown in from some faraway place.
their correct email addresses. Also, please be sure my mom gets a
My son Matthew had three different celebrations for his fourth birthday! Lucky boy! First, we went out for jamba juice (his favorite) and a pizza dinner the evening of his actual birthday. Then that weekend, we had a big party for him with Superman cake and Superman cookie favors. And in between those two celebrations, we also had a party at his preschool with all of his classmates!
Bruce and I have refinished our share of furniture. It’s hard work, scraping, sanding, applying chemicals that burn your hands and your nose, that ruin your favorite knock-around clothes. I have a love for primitive pieces though, and we have rebuilt jelly cupboards, lingerie chests, dressers, wardrobes, and farm tables. My favorites are the pine pieces we’ve refinished with their warm tiger stripe grain glowing a soft golden brown when rubbed with tung or linseed oil. With this project, I didn’t feel up to the intensive labor involved in stripping it. Besides, this was the cabinet I fell in love with, not some undressed version in Bruce’s imagination.
Utter nothingness
So the Washington Post did what no reputable newspaper should ever do when caught falsifying testimony: it made a stealth correction to its own article. The article now reads:
Three and a half years later, I wrote one of my Master's papers on Gamel Nassar, the first President of Egypt. It originally started with Samuel Huntington's idea, one of the ideas put forth in Samuel Huntington's classic "Political Order in Changing Societies," that sometimes military rule-- temporary military rule-- can be one of the means by which a society can establish the order by which development-- political, social, economic development-- can begin. Nassar started out as an idealist young military officer overthrowing the corrupt king of Egypt.
We are a new generation, come of age in the modern world of openness and accountability. And when we say we will take power from the political elite and give it to the man and woman in the street – it’s not just because we believe it will help fix broken politics. It’s what we believe, full stop.
It is great to hear from you again! I am doing quite well thanks for asking.
Jean-Philippe Rameau (1683-1764),
Chugga, Chugga, CHOO-CHOO!!!!
how to BE when Jake is in the city... and we are learning what to do to ease the
I think the temps were in the mid to high 80's, here in southeastern PA, and let me tell you what... I am not ready for weather like this. At least here in mid April.
“What the fuck are you booing for?” an upset attendee said to the man. (OK, it was me.)
Under a truly capitalist society no one may initiate the use of physical force against others. Every individual is to be guided by objective laws and rational legal principles. In such a society, only proper function of the government is to protect individual rights. Thus the government acts as the agent of the individual’s rights of self-defense, and the use of force is only justified in retaliation and only against those who initiate its use.
Unemployment Insurance (UI) Tax and Benefits Knowledge Nice to have 1 Years 1 – Basic
There are other things I will be doing more of: fiction writing, starting a business, taking photos, calling friends to meet for coffee, playing games with the kids.
3. daughter has a bad sexual reputation then we think maybe she may have been raped
I realized what wasn't enough to me, and noticed myself.
If you want to take part, then do it! What's holding you back? You can use the #BandDERM hashtag on Twitter so it's easy to find other people who are participating. Go and check out Bella and Daph's blogs so you can link up! WOOP! GO TEAM!
If a pub is well run and has decent food it will survive - if it relies on a core customer base of alchoholics (sic) and idiots then good riddance.
Having enjoyed the roads along the Pacific Coast of the US, I expected a similar experience on the Gulf. But, for the most part, those roads had scarce views of the water. Instead multistory condos or houses-on-stilts stood between the road and the water. Still I persisted to hug the coast down to the Keys and even up the Atlantic side of Florida. As I traveled those many thousands of miles along mainland and barrier island beaches, I was taken aback by the material wealth of so many in this country as evidenced by their gated-communities and vacation homes. I am deeply saddened that so much natural beauty has been covered and hidden by these developments.
UPDATE: I clicked PUBLISH on this post at 7:40 a.m. today, then got ready to go for the 10:15 appointment for my annual eye exam. I arrived a few minutes early and had to wait, of course, so I picked up AARP the Magazine. Flipping through it, I started reading about gluten on page 18 because one of my grandchildren has to eat gluten-free food. I almost laughed out loud when I came across this sentence:
I want in ! (Any of these will do)
It sounds like I made that last bit up. But I didn’t, it’s a piece by Rashid Johnson in his solo show, Stay Black & Die. Which is a bad season opener for mmg because there was nothing there to really buy.
Monday: Bible study group for dinner @5pm
When I got home last night, I posted the following comment,
Jonah--John--if I had been a Sam, I would have been Jonah still--not because I have been unlucky for others, but because somebody or something has compelled me to be certain places at certain times, without fail. Conveyances and motives, both conventional and bizarre, have been provided. And, according to plan, at each appointed second, at each appointed place this Jonah was there.
Tom Moore is not only a baker in whose shop, Knead Patisserie, you can get real crunchy butter croissants, but also somebody who wants to change things. This is what he proves when he says: “Enjoying good food is all about education. The taste of things comes when you are young”. When I called him to arrange an appointment, on the advice of one of his customers, he showed enthusiasm straight away. He is eager to share his philosophy of building a better knowledge about good food.
Her challenge is to create a card or project that uses something real or natural on it - twine - burlap - shell - sand - etc. And our sponsor this week is Our Daily Bread Designs! You can fine Miesje's devotional and see the creations from the members of our design team . . . welcoming SIX new design team sisters this week . . . on the home page right here. And we just want to say also that all of our design team sisters from the past are still our sisters in Christ and we don't forget them, we miss them and love having served alongside them. All together forever in heaven one day, hurray!!
Because with knowledge,
Dahlings, de-clutter!!! Step Number One in every makeover I do is toss the 10,000 tons of stuff that people have been living with for years! You know, Americans love to shop, but we always forget the golden rule of clutter-free living: when you acquire, you must also discard. Step Number Two, organize! After you’ve de-cluttered and organized, then it’s time to decorate. But sugar, not before!
“For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit. For to be carnally minded is death; but to be spiritually minded is life and peace.”
4) Obama Promised to Not Raise Taxes on Poor or Middle Class and then raised taxes on Millionaires and Billionaires. No Obama promised not to raise “Payroll Taxes” and he didn’t.
1. Mercenary
Francesco decides he’s had enough and he and Gnaghi pack all their belonging into his car and they head of down the road out of Buffalora and Francesco discovers that his reality was not what he thought at all.
Hispanic Youth Marketing Takes Center Stage on Newly Expanded Agenda of Hispanic PR & Social Marketing Conference,
If you are going to try cross-country skiing, start with a small country.
What would a person from Lima think if they came to my home in northern Virginia where the mercury is expected to dip down into the 30s during the evenings this weekend?
Had I hid behind my shyness – behind all of my insecurities I wouldn’t be where I am today. I would be terrified of taking a chance with a man who sees who I am – on the inside. Your personality is often who the person ends up falling in love with, not your looks.
Gloria Steinem opined that “Pornography is about dominance. Erotica is about mutuality,” and though many anti-porn feminists still try to promote that as a valid definition, anyone who’s seen more than three porn films (or read more than two erotic stories) knows it doesn’t hold water. D.H. Lawrence was a far better writer than Steinem, but his definition is even more vague: “Pornography is the attempt to insult sex, to do dirt on it.” Very clear, D.H.; I’m sure many a judge has found that a precise and usable rule. And speaking of judges, the most honest (though least helpful) “definition” of this type was that pronounced by US Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart in his famous concurring opinion on Jacobellis vs. Ohio (1964):
Personal note–I got a burst of local pride in reading Elsie’s autobiography So Far, So Good! and learning that for a time she spent her summers in my hometown (actually one town over) back when it was a fashionable destination for wealthy New Yorkers. Here are the Narragansett Towers as I knew them growing up:
Wooden Dowel or Clip on Earring Blank (for cup charm)
As I see many of my friends and family take to wine with respect and ultimately, beverage separatism, I see that they are potentially the same advocates who should approach beer with the same excitement. Beer will challenge your senses and help to peel away the notion of beer as simply a product for quick consumption. What other beverage can enhance the range of life’s simple pleasures from fishing with buddies to having dinner at a fine restaurant, other than a great brew?
Protect ya neck, folks!
I pledged to never look again.
“Signora, I give you the tomb of Balbillus, astrologist to the emperors Claudius, Nero and Vespasian. We are the first to see it. Tomorrow is for the world…”
After typing and deleting numerous first sentences for this post, I let out an audible groan of defeat.
Custom Cabinets: Benjamin Blackwelder Cabinetry, Orem Utah. This guy has vision. His crew was awesome and they were super easy to work with. Cabinet color is ‘White Dove’ by Benjamin Moore Paints. (Jones Paint & Glass in Provo is the only place locally to get BM Paints.) Ben is the one who let me know that custom cabinets are only about 10% more than regular ones you’d get at Home Depot. Giddy-up!
Papers are a mix of Basic Grey, a Halloween paper pad and a Kraft paper pad. I got some of my jute ribbon on there, as well as some cheesecloth. My sentiment is actually rub on letters that I distessed the heck out of !
The Scots may not be effusive but we couldn’t fault their wonderful support. We were home within 48 hours and could have made it sooner had we not been a bit far from Glasgow airport, and thankfully we made it in time to say our goodbyes. Sure this is recent history, but as I want to publish this series of posts for our family and descendants, I wanted to tell this story, and checked my husband agreed.
I sleep a uninterupted 8 hours of sleep, waking refreshed and ready to start the day again. My skin looks flawless without make-up. Not a zit in sight. There are no dark circles under my eyes. In fact, my eyes sparkle with the zeal of life.
Job location is Santa Monica
Reasons To Buy
(I then engaged the Ticketmaster-bot in a game of cat and mouse, over and over, until I managed to move forward—about three rows. Definitely worth my time!)
Cajuns love dark roast coffee - seems that people here have been steadfastly drinking Mello Joy coffee for as long as I can remember. From the time that my grandmother made me my very first childhood café au lait (much more lait then café) it seems that my fondest memories of growing up in Acadaina somehow included remarkably good beverages.
My hopes are ice, my desire a flame...
Countdown…my sis will be tying the knot on this coming Sunday. We have been busy from almost everything and look forward to dress up nicely for this upcoming event.
When you offer Big Business a cheaper alternative (in this case paying the penalty) to something, they're going to take it. That's how they became big and how they stay big - by making decisions that can save them money.
Recorded songs such as the banned Dubul' iBhunu (Shoot the Boer) were played over loudspeakers.
Luckily for him, his friend's wife is a lawyer. Regina Moore said the sheriff's intake department should have notified the fugitive unit immediately so they could obtain fingerprints from Georgia. But Moore said the slow-moving jail bureaucracy hindered her efforts to clear up the situation.
new plays/shows at SKY PAC
Get spoiling time for my husband who is going through difficult days at work.
I wonder if the Jews who listened to Paul caught the fact that the One who commanded Paul to depart was Jesus Christ. We know this in several places. In verse 18 the rejected testimony was concerning “me”, that is, Jesus Christ, not God the Father. Then in verse 19, Paul’s reply spoke of how he persecuted all who “believed on thee” that is Jesus Christ. If they had gotten that connection, it would also have been offensive to them.
Hours into date three, we’re listening to Nina Simone, drinking sweet white wine. I – eyelashes batting – finally ask, coy as can be, “so, don’t you want to kiss me?”
He goes by Nicholas Sparks. In my opinion, he writes love stories and dramas, but they are completely different than all the other generic sappy ones. All other romance novels have the same plot and even the same ending at times and I do not enjoy them because they seem too good to be true. Sparks on the other hand, writes romantic and passionate novels, but with a twist and that is what I look forward to when reading his books.
Were the Occupy protests about entitlement or were they about injustice? Are the student protests in Montreal about entitlement or are they about stopping the growing class divisions? How we interpret the motives of people alters the power an event has to influence public opinion and public response.
After we had our expensive hot dog, we drove around and saw a house for sale with the view below. What an amazing place to live… it almost made me want to move there. But, then again, I’m an ocean girl at heart. I like living close to the ocean.
From an official brochure covering construction of Connecticut Yankee (Westinghouse PWR) which was ordered in December, 1962 we find that this plant's reactor vessel was SA-302 Grade B with a 10-25/32 inch wall thickness, clad internally with 5/32 inch of 308 and 309 stainless steel. This vessel was 41 feet 6 inches high, and weighed 915,000 lbs dry. This plant's thermal output was 1825 MWt.
The eminence was soon called “President’s Hill,” and the structure Waller built was referred to rather grandly as “The President’s House.” The residence had two rooms upstairs and two down, one on either side of open-air “dog-run” hallways. There were also a small, crude, two-storied columned portico in front of the house. The house seems to have originally had a flat roof, but a rather ungainly hip roof was added later.
1. Put your hair in a ponytail.
I know there will be sunny days between today and Good Friday, but this week it's all gray. And I know that my wife and kids have guardian angels aplenty, such that the probability of serious incident is small. And I know that the life span of a lab mutt is about twelve years, and Toby is pushing eleven. Still, these things eat at a person. That much, at least, I know that I have in common with James Lileks.
4. Please, Call Me (5:26)
“Umm, can we go and sit there first?” he pointed towards a flight of stairs situated near a closed shop.
The festival will be held from April 30 to May 1 in Goyang Aram Nuri Outdoor Theater. The ticket costs 44,000 KRW for 1 day and 77,000 for 2 days. Check it here or here.
“Your dazzling display of brilliance,” Megan said archly, tagging along at my shoulder.
I find it much more difficult to make a card for males, mainly because I can't use use any pretty papers or embellishments, but DH gave this one the 'thumbs up' so it must look quite masculine!
My father even made a film here, for Walt Disney, called “King of the Grizzlies.” Although I didn’t join him on location, he told me how to wrangle a grizzly — jelly doughnuts (held out to entice him forward) and low-voltage wiring (to keep him on the path.)
My biggest fear is that Reagan will arrive and I'll see immediately that she more closely resembles Casey and Connor than Matthew or me and that I will be sad, or mad, or just... heartbroken.
Niall Madden (born November 11, 1985) enjoyed his biggest career success in the 2006 John Smith’s Grand National when successful on Numbersixvalverde. Madden’s father, also called Niall, was universally known as ‘Boots’ Madden from his days as a young jockey at Edward O’Grady’s yard when his boots were always too big for him. If the father is Boots it is hardly surprising that the son has become ‘Slippers’ Madden, and his father readily admits that Slippers is better at the game than he ever was. Slippers was a racing prodigy, his first winning mount coming in a handicap hurdle at Wexford on July 12, 2002, when he was just 16. The horse was a French-bred called Teknash, trained by his father. His second win came on the same horse 19 days later at Galway, and when he rode his third victory, on a J P McManus horse called Live Our Dreams at Naas, he was already being marked out as a star of the future. In his first season as an amateur, Madden had 10 winners, while he more than doubled that total the following year with 28 winners. His final season – the 2004/05 campaign – as an amateur was his best, his 39 successes earning him the Irish amateur crown. His most notable victory that season came when he partnered Numbersixvalverde to victory in the Thyestes Chase in January, becoming the first amateur to win the Gowran Park showpiece. It was not the first time that Madden had partnered his Grand National mount, that was at Navan in December,
8 And the king said unto Hazael, Take a present in thine hand, and go, meet the man of God, and enquire of the LORD by him, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?
Another great link to learning more about Evolution. This link provides some of the best vids out there on the subject:
Aside from these being Earthwatch expeditions, we hope to have some of the BBC Oceans team with us on expedition, so the kids can really get to know them and learn from them, and where possible we plan to get them their skin and scuba diver certificates during the expedition, as well as including elements that they need to cover for their Duke of Edinburgh/International Awards, such as map reading and expedition planning.
2) Find a better resist. I ordered some pens from an electronics company that are made for this kind of thing (or rather circuit boards), I'll give that a try. I'll poke around on the Internet too for other resist media (any suggestions would be welcome). Apparently Staedtler red ink pens work better than Sharpies. Eventually I'll probably try the laser printer/toner transfer thing. Maybe. It would be nice not to have to draw anything.
The Economic Policy Research Institute has carried out an investigation of 'The Macro-economic Implications of Poverty-Reducing Income Transfers' (EPRI, 2000). The report concludes that substantial income transfers to the poor are 'feasible, affordable, and capable of supporting increased economic growth and job creation'. For South Africa's current population of about 43 million an income transfer of R100 a month per capita would require annually about R52 billion. According to EPRI's report between R33 and 51 billion of additional taxes could be raised by widening and tightening the existing tax collection system using a taxation revenue structure not significantly different from the existing system.
You may remember the story of the Sykes family of Sledmere House which I visited a few weeks ago - well the Sykes are here in this village too and have wielded their interests, mainly benevolently.
The tendency for people to become violent is indicative of the savage within us winning the conflict between it and our civilized selves. The “sickness” of illogical and senseless violence is no more blatantly obvious than crazed fans rioting and destroying property following a sports game, won or lost. Shame on them.
Now, don't get me wrong: I'm NOT cross or criticizing them but in fact they are ...um...wrong! There are two reasons why I want to point this out and talk a little about it.
Columbia University researchers found asthma rates among children aged four and five was significantly lower in areas with more street trees. The UK has one of the world’s highest rates of childhood asthma, with about 15 per cent of children affected.
It said, "Clearseer." Its voice was flat and bland, the voice of a Wilder not well-practiced at speaking to humans. Looking at it, Rel guessed it rarely needed speech to make its point. It went on, "I apologise. Humans cannot come further here."
or two...
Now I admit this we don’t know if what I just said is true, but we also don’t know if the character will still be in the story, just not a recruitable squadmate, or if this Prothean and the DLC Prothean are two completely different characters. All of these are possible, but one thing I can say is that I think the game will be complete without the need for this Downloadable content.
Ridiculous, isn’t it, how the little things occupy so much of your time. Some represent more than is apparent. Like the small globe in front of me, a gift from my daughter, containing purple and pink glitter and a picture of us in the misty chill of winter. But then there are the bills to be opened, emails to be sent, appointments to be arranged. Scouring pads to be bought. While around you people are getting sick, going missing, moving away, getting married, having babies.
In Barone’s list, this item refers to staff who attempt to speak for the business without authorization, but we turn this around a little bit to mean, “Can you give your stakeholders permission to represent your business?” When you think about it, your staff, customers, and other stakeholders DO represent your business, every day, and can work on your behalf. But it’s sometimes a hard step for an organization to let go enough to enable them to do the same on social media. Be sure you can let go before engaging with social media.
Therefore a tolerance for both.
19-21 Black Priests WHITE DWARF 22
11. Hold On
This is what I just don’t get.
Last night we lay still in the dark, talking about random things and laughing. That’s my favorite thing about our relationship – the laughter. We’ve had fights I wasn’t sure we could recover from, months of silent anger, and personal tragedies that therapists salivate over. But no matter how bad it’s been, no matter how ugly the situation, we always laugh. And it’s not fake or hesitant or forced – it’s usually loud and obnoxious and over something everyone else in the world would find horrifically inappropriate or, simply not funny at all.
As we were ending our winter studies, this included the ant and earthworm habitat studies, so it was time to release the critters. Although I know it is not recommended that you release harvester ants in our area as they are sure to not survive, there were only two left and we really didn't think that it would be long before they would be gone as well. They seemed so sad and lonely in there. As for the earthworms, they were going strong and KM had a great time making me jump and squirm nearly as much as the worms were - I know it is an irrational fear, but I think it is more that I just don't LIKE them than that I am afraid of them. So we released all of the critters close to home and right into our compost container. KM was delighted to see all the worms that were already crawling in there and felt Herbert and his friends would be in good company there. We will be freecycling the Anthill and remaining supplies so that another family can enjoy learning about these incredibly complex creatures. For next session we will be hatching frogs and are awaiting the arrival of the embryos.
Agent: OK, so let’s get back to what you were saying about Tim being upset.
1 tablespoon soy sauce
Despite trying to stop, when a passenger in a car or train, I often look around and think about good places murderers might hide bodies.
We have seen extreme movement of front wings before in super slow motion, such as wing tips fluttering, wings swaying sideways on their mounting pylons and endplate devices flapping. All of these movements, although highly visible, have been accepted by the FIA because the tests have been passed. All of which is to the detriment of the overriding regulation that bodywork should be rigid and immovable.
L is for Last kiss: This morning after the hubs dropped me off at the bus stop
Cute newlywed couple make cute- but mainly in flashbacks. Story starts when wifey unbuckles her seatbelt in a parked car so there can be a little car rompy-romp but then there is a horrible car accident-- (in a future blog, 2 hopeful spinsters must discuss safe parked places to have erm..cough cough.. quality conversations with the one you love). Hubby spends most of the movie living up to his wedding vows.. He will stop at nothing to help wifey get her memory back of them madly in love together-thru thick and thin, better or worse- in theory sounds romantic. Reality-- Ho hum.. I wanted Ryan Gosling to barge in to show Channing Tatum seduction 101 and grab Rachel McAdams in the pouring rain to remind her, " It wasn't over.. Is still isn't over" -- then make out as life itself depended on it. The best Mr. Tatum's character could do was play back a saved VM of her telling him sheloves him-- and she's still skeptical! I'm the target audience for romantic movies, but I want to be fulfilled . This movie filled me in a way much like when you are in a time crunch and have to go thru a fast food drive- thru. Empty calories. Loved all the actors. Jessica Lange will pull you in with a single gesture to her heart. Rachel McAdams is better than this cheese puff flick; Channing Tatum's full back-al was a definite perk of the movie. The disconnect I felt came from lazy story-telling followed by rushed editing due to a case of "how fast can we get a film out around Valentine's Day b/c their is nothing else to compete with it?". Sorry, The Vow, I could have watched The Promise or the I Swear or whatever those movies are called on Lifetime to satiate my need for romantic drama.. My memory of the film is
God will receive you gracefully , To Merge with Him.
We rolled back into Hampton around 12:30 and all of us made our way over to the Wing Ranch for lunch. Pretty much the quaint, locally owned and operated cafe that you’d expect but with a sports bar flavor to it and beer for those who were interested. For some reason, I always find these places have the best Rib Eye sandwiches — Big Daddy’s over in Sylacauga, Alabama certainly did — so that’s what I ordered while Debbie went for a burger, with an eye on getting some iron back into her diet. While it wasn’t fancy, our food tasted good and was reasonably priced so we’d give it a 1 on a scale of 2 where 1=we’d go back. By the time we finished lunch it was nearly 2:00pm and while we’d planned to walk over to the Jailhouse Brewery — yes, the little town even has its own micro-brewery — and sample some of their product, we were both pretty tired and still had a few more ‘events’ ahead of us that afternoon and evening.
Check out all the fabulous 'splashes' from our designers
Elvis achieved what he thought he wanted – the acceptance and approval – but, as most movies show, getting what you want is often exactly what we do not need.
Congress has defined a hate crime as a “criminal offense against a person or property motivated in whole or in part by an offender’s bias against a race, religion, disability, ethnic origin or sexual orientation.” Read about federal hate crimes here.
Siamo in autunno
child that gets sick a lot
and his mouth made words like I’m-so-proud-of-you.
If we try to give reference of every rehat from historical texts, the length of this article would be significantly long. Therefore, we will keep it limited to the bare minimum though very important parts of the Rehat just to highlight the fact that the Rehat Maryada drafted in 1945 was taken from the earlier sources and not invented by the Sikhs.
The event also marked Military Spouse Appreciation Day, which falls on May 11. May is National Military Family Month.
2012 – BrainStorm sees positive data in ALS stem cell trial
“The over-representation of Maori begins at the apprehension stage and gradually increases through prosecution, conviction and sentencing to custody.”
Contrary to private claimants’ argument, there was nothing invalid or irregular, much less unconstitutional, about the classification of Boracay Island made by the President through Proclamation No. 1064. It was within her authority to make such classification, subject to existing vested rights.
As always, if I can help or answer any of your real estate needs, please don’t hesitate to text or call me at 615 417-8182 or email me at RolandLow1@gmail.com
I don’t know if it was due to my low expectations, the sudden twist or the mix of emotions, but I was completely mesmerized walking out of the theater. I wasn’t sure what to think or how to feel. I was just shocked, even hours later because I kept replaying the scenes in my head. I didn’t want to lose the feeling of the movie.
March on May 20 because change can only be made in the streets!
Harry Potter? No, Ivan Cotter! The IPKat recently made mention of another work in what he now regards as the important cultural category of "iplit" -- works of fiction written either by or about intellectual property practitioners. That work was Ivan Cotter's novel, The Schmetterling Effect (see earlier Katpost here). Well, that redoubtable reviewer Anna Hescott has stolen a little more time from her real world activities (she's a doctoral intellectual property student at the University of Sheffield) to read and review this book for us. Anna's review can be read in full here. Note for dedicated followers of iplit: Anna's earlier review of Rhoda Baxter's Patently in Love can be read here.
Have I ever mentioned that I HATE doing laundry? ( I really do)
The recipe was simple, outside of some (wo)man-power to whip the fluffiness into those eggs. Thank you to Hannah. Hannah commanded this recipe, and held her own in a kitchen quickly filling with more cooks than counter space. Our intention was to finish the cake before our dinner chefs arrived, however sunshiny days do shine light on many ways to procrastinate.
of tinkering with different recipes, techniques, and ideas
Date: February 1, 2012
I love all the little things this home has...you can see the stamped concrete driveway and porch in this photo, as well as the solar panel on the roof for the hot water heater. It has 3 garages, 3 bedrooms, a living room and a family room, as well as two full bathrooms. I have skylights, a security system, energy efficient appliances, and raised garden beds. I feel truly blessed!
So while Steve’s questions are worthwile, I like my questions too.
Yeah, yeah, this is sounding like a "gloomy-gus, woe-is-me, boo-hoo-hoo poor me" post and it's not really meant to be. Obviously it's not a "look at me, my life is so great" post either. It's not like life is so bad, I have my dog (who is a year now) and I'm glad I do have him, I love him to bits . He does give me something when I no longer have the spanking thing to look forward to.
All Jan Bijkersma and his sister Hiltje wanted to do was hug and kiss their parents when they returned from holiday.
Until I come back to this Pandora’s box.
Lexie Kelly, an open-water swimmer from California, is in Cayman to help organise the annual Flowers Sea Swim in June, and she will be taking part in a five-mile channel crossing between the two Sister Islands on Saturday, alongside another swimmer and a kayaker.
who knew.
Loveless’ hard-edged voice does great service on what I like to think of as the “Angry Girl” songs: Bad Way To Go, Do Right, and my favorite song on the record: Can’t Change Me. This song also includes the lyric that I’ve decided is my new mantra for 2012:
1322 D-VIII/5/1999. On Moral Character and Admission to the Bar. Talk Show, Radio Station KTXR, St. Louis, Missouri. See Item D-IV/15(B)/1999, above.
The name Tappi Tíkarrass, which in Icelandic means “Cork the Bitch’s Arse” was given after Jakob’s father claimed that the band’s music “fitted like a cork in a bitch’s arse”.Tappi Tíkarrass combined elements of punk and pop music to create an exotic post punk with references to Siouxsie & the Banshees and the first stage of The Cure.
"Mom, that's what it's like to have boys."
Would you expect your family to do that?
Chicken 65 is ready!!
the allegations of abuse, and other characteristics of the alleged abusers.
I won't tell you who she is except that I met her through blogging,then emailing each other,then talking to each other on Skype at the weekends.This wonderful lady invited me to stay with her and her husband and something inside me knew the time was right to go and meet her.My family thought I was mad to travel so far to meet a stranger,her family thought she was just as mad.!!!
Unlike some of Lars von Trier’s earlier work, Melancholia is much more accessible. Along the lines of Terrence Malick’s The Tree Of Life, also from 2011, von Trier dares to delve into exquisite visuals to tell his story. Though much more coherent and with much more thread of story than The Tree Of Life, Melancholia takes a much more artistic approach over an experimental one. The highlight of the vision includes the slow motion photography at the beginning of the film, which sets the tone for the entire experience, projecting like moving paintings, both haunting and gorgeous, simultaneously. Top that off with the ethereal and overwhelming orchestrated score and you get one of the most memorable films of 2011.
The sexy, Hispanic man who raised an eyebrow and patiently waited for me to state my business was none other than Salvador Ramirez, formerly of Mississippi Junior College, the same school I attended back in the day. Of all the eligible men at college, he was the most highly sought after. Partly because he’d won the “sexiest legs” contest two years in a row, and partly because he had a bad boy quality, which made all of the girls want him.
In Matt 7; 7 –Ask and it shall be given you, seek and ye shall find, knock and it shall be opened unto you.
Oh yes, I speak French. Pas grand chose mes amis!
Research the publisher. Do not send a PB to a publisher who states they do not publish PBs.
The members of my long-time book club seem to favor novels about World War II. Among those we've enjoyed together are Sarah's Key, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet, and Skeletons at the Feast. The True Story of Hansel and Gretel was another great read, with an excellent discussion over delicious food.
And so we stood, champagne in hand, and watched god only knows how much of our taxes explode in a kaleidoscope of colours against the backdrop of the world's most famous landmark and the world's most beautiful city.
Today I woke up and was incredibly productive. I poked everyone back on Facebook multiple times and even Pinned some new quotes to later attach to my xanga! All while listening to two chapters of The Hunger Games! Look at me conquering the world!
The magic comes from within as the top itself is pretty grey and dreary. The magic is the experience, the incredible power of one's mind to push, control the body, refuse to despair, accepting what is handed to you at that moment... aches, fatigue, feeling sick and dizzy, the conflicting tears of both brutal pain and joy.
***** CONTEST EXTENDED TIL MAY 6TH ***** Ok you gorgeous people!!! everyone likes a contest now and then and we all loveeee some tubes ;) so i thought how best to do this but run a contest for you all.This contest will run from Today until April 22nd!! yes 3 whole weeks so everyone will get a chance to get your tags in!! Only 1 entry per person please and the theme is Spring!! One of my favourite times of year!!. The tag must contain my Name Lorna it can be animated or non animated!! It has to be a new creation.You cant show or offer this tag until after the contest has finished, I will choose the winners :)
And just right now I’ll think it out
I was so cranky I tweeted "argh. i have no idea what to do with myself today now that i'm stuck home again. for once, i'm in no mood to clean. i'm pouting." Oh yes, a great deal of pouting was happening. Along with my crankiness. I don't know about you, but when I wake up with a vision, and I can't act on it and make it a reality, I can't think of anything else in the whole wide world I want to do. Nothing. Zip. Nada, Zilch. Thankfully, I have friends that can think for me! Lindsey reminded me of what I did one of the last times I was in this kind of mood... that I-don't-know-what-to-do-with-myself-mood... seek the "Color of the Day". Last time I found A Lion's Share of Brown. When I checked yesterday's color of the day, it was Cherry Tomato. My mood greatly improved.
Sing - Ivy (Sesame street Kids/ The Carpenters)
Partnerships 11
I have ordered lots of aprons, both childrens and adults, from a company in Lancashire who produce cotton and manufacture the products themselves- Keeping it all British! There is also a good stock of Whinberry & Antler draught excluders featuring the marching hedgehogs, to keep out the cold air. I have also decided on my display now for the fair.... but I think that can stay a secret until the big event itself.
Yes, she said. I like it. She opened a saved basket of shed moose hair, and began weaving it into the loom.
Flower Box Ingredients: recycled Kleenex containers, Celebrate It Pink paper crinkle basket stuffer, Celebrate It ribbon, K&Co paper, Recollections cardstock, Beaded Circle Nestie, Martha Stewart Monarch Butterfly punch, Recollections pearls, gold wire, stashed chipboard letters, and HOT GLUE! Flower Ingredients: Hot Pink tissue paper, pipe cleaners.
Thanks to Thomas at Kaliphornya for the love. It is true, Lost Angeles has broken into the 100,000 range via the Alexa rankings. To put it in perspective, currently this site’s Alexa ranking is 20,ooo spots higher than Budweiser.com, and Bud is the King of Beers (if Bud would sponsor my blog, I would refer to myself as the King of Blog). In fact, I am going to write a review about how awesome Bud is in the near future. Not just the beer, but everyone associated with the beer. When you go to England, the kids there drink Bud. It’s a classy import to them. For me, it’s the King. So much the King, that I will say it with a dirty Southern accent from now on. “The Kang of Burrs”.
‘Everything seemed fine,’ he said. ‘Then the pilot came on the tannoy just a few minutes into the flight and said we would have to do an emergency landing. It all happened so quickly. We landed and suddenly all the doors flung open and the emergency slides were inflated.
Thank you to those who messaged me/left comments saying they missed my blog posts and asking me if I was alright. It was touching to know that people enjoyed reading my blog so much. I hope all my favourite readers and bloggers have been doing great. I certainly missed reading the classics and genres I so adore and blogging about it, but I'm very thankful for everything I have been learning during this break.
We’re remembering the anniversary, inevitably. The trumpets and drums of jingoism are at full volume. Although Jorge Luis Borges described the conflict as ‘two bald men fighting over a comb,’ to a country that had lost an empire and hadn’t found a role (as Dean Acheson had noted twenty years before), it was an affirmation of something great and special – and it only cost a piffling nine hundred and eight lives. There
Taobao has probably the biggest selection of wig shops I have ever heard of. Simply put, the Chinese know their weave. I'm not going to list a big selection of wig shops but I will direct you to this list here on EGL that was created by a good friend of mine and fellow Atlanta Lolita. Taobao extensions are a little bit more of a challenge to find, but I did manage to find this shop here, myjf888, which I bought my old brown extensions for under $20. They were (I believe) real human hair and lasted me about 6 months until I bleached my hair blonde. I definitely recommend buying from this shop though! ♥
It gives me great pleasure to review Bob Hoffman's new book… The book is a classic, a compendium of some of Bob's better posts on his blog. They are all gems…
...is willing to hire Accused for 21 hours per week at the foundation of the Société de l'autisme, when Accused is released.
court judge (who would not be caught dead retiring with less than $30
The addition of crushed pepper gives Podalangai curry / Padavalkai palya a special flavour.
"Public mention of private matters.
Here I will introduce more animals and spring kigo,
4. There will be a army of killer pensioners.
So, Wendy, I will let you know when you can go buy your brand new hamster as soon as this future bill passes (and I don’t see why it wouldn’t, when we are allowed to pick up animals we hit with our cars and take them home to fix for supper).
1 barry
For those of you familiar with my blog there will be a question you will have been asking yourself ever since I started this short series of Thornton photographs : "when is he going to get to the pub?" Well, I think I have done quite well, because here I am, at Day 4 and I have only just arrived at the pub. And the sad thing is that it is closed. There are indeed still a good few pubs open in the village (I felt it incumbent on me to visit three or four in the interests of research) but I always feel that the closure of just one public house diminishes the sum total of happiness, conviviality and joy in the world.
Rating: 4/5 Mistletoe spurs yet another relationship…Because something had to break that tension!
Gregory: you lived in France!
Mudgee Brewing Amazing Wheat beer! Has the biggest banana aroma of any wheat beer I have ever tasted! Great to see a good Aussie brewer making a PROPER wheat beer.
This week he moved out of the dorm and into his own apartment, which he shares with a couple of students from school. A huge move but he did it all on his own, with a little guidance from mom and dad. Again, living in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba has offered a lot of different things to do and a different lifestyle but it has stripped me of the ability to get up and go hug my kid. My husband service to our country is certainly full of surprises. But it is this service, his and mine, that helped my son become so well rounded and brave. Leaving his comfort zone is scary but not an issue and I am proud of him for taking this huge step.
Can a hipster not be an artist as well? I can’t help but take this personally, because I go to an art school and I’m a hipster. I’m sure a lot of people assume that art school is full of super-nerds and hipsters. Which is true, to some degree. In fact, I know hipsters at my school (including myself) that are highly motivated and are into art because they enjoy art and are talented artists. Yeah, I know Granfield is being sarcastic when the character says “hipsters…can’t be too motivated,” but many view the subculture in this manner – hipsters are posers, pretending to be characters that they are not.
i am leaving the booze in the fridge and doing something with my life.
Maybe my most favorite and inspiring part of the book, and where the most underlining happened, is in the Appendix at the back of the book. Collaboratively written by both John and Noël, it is a section on why your kids should sit with you in church instead of attending Sunday School and also how to practically make it happen. I love this, as the why of it echoes my husband and my heart on the matter. And it is always so helpful to have the hows; to have help from someone who has been there and seems to have done it well.
Name: Bearcolf
The street gangs stole his processed crown
The Tex-Mex Cookbook is an invaluable source of information on this regional American cookery. Really. If you know nothing about Tex-Mex other than it involves chili, tequila, enchiladas, nachos, bean dip, and Frito pie, this is the book that explains what it is, where it came from, and why it’s not simply low-rent Mexican, but born of a tradition that both sprang from and parallels Mexican cookery. Walsh digs into archives and newspaper morgues, pulling old photos and interviewing old-timers. This is solid scholarly research. Naturally, there are chapters on chili and tacos, but there’s substantial ink devoted to enchiladas, tamales, breakfasts, sweets, and, for you boozers, the margarita (including the story of how Mauriano Martinez saw kids getting Slurpees at 7-11 in the early 1970’s and — bing! — had the idea for a machine to make frozen margaritas which theretofore had required blenders). Yes, recipes are included.
I would like to thank you all for your trust in my blog and cards! I think it is very special. And that is why I would like to give a candy to you to thank you! Furthermore I hope that I will have 300 followers on 4th May when my blog exists one year! Would you like to help me?
My skin has never looked better and i cant believe how fast i have gone from spotty to glowy with just two products. If you missed my skincare post its here .
I've been spending my spare time in the back guest suite, prepping it for dd and dsil's arrival. Oh My! I had a LOT of stuff back there! priority one was rehoming my scrapbook stuff that made its way back there. I have 15 18gallon storage bins filled with books, as the bookshelves have now become scrapshelves! ha! I am now in the process of going thru the stuff my mom left in her closet. Oh MY!!! This is what the room looked like this morn, think ya'll can understand why sometimes I walk in there only to walk out, feeling so overwhelmed.
Wait, I see the need right now. I commented on Kathy's blog about the poor editing on Melissa Foster's book and it turns out she did have her book professionally edited. The problem was a formatting issue that slipped through, and it horrified her until she fixed everything that she could fix. Melissa emailed me to ask that I put a link under my comment on Kathy's blog, and I did, but I want you to see her whole comment and the link here too.
I’ll start out with a big thank you to Madison for inviting me to invade her blog and chat about my favorite topics–books, books, and book reviews. I am an editor-in-chief at the Canary Review, an independent book review site dedicated to discussing books, reading, and the writing process. But that’s the party line we use when we have to fill in a “Site Information” box. The truth is, we’re a flock of fluffy, bright yellow birds who love reading and chirruping about our most recent literary finds. Our roost currently houses six feathery fiends, and a nest-full of readerly opinions.
The attraction is so awesome and authentic...the spiderwebs and dust. The creepy eyes on the wall, the shadow playing the piano, the long corridor with the floating candelabra!! The decor is so cool, even the wallpaper in the queue area. The ballroom scene, just amazing. It's still my absolute favorite part (though now that they've added the attic scene...that ranks pretty high. So much to see in there!). Your Ghost Host (so creepy!), the cemetery (love the music out there...I gotta sing along every time!), the hitchhiking ghosts!! So so cool. I love it when we get an awesome cast member who really takes on their role perfectly!!!
Gold Cap (13th); 1998 Samlee (3rd); Greenhill Tare Away (UR 27th); 1999 Samlee (10th); Bells Life (PU bef 26th); Mudahim (UR
First thought. What do I deal with first? Pee can wait. Dog is just nuts. Water can keep boiling. Ornament. Broken ornament. Broken glass. Glass is dangerous. A ha! Clean up the ornament. My thought process. All. Day. Long.
I went with the Belgian fritters with the original Delirium cafe mayonnnaise.
I imagine that in six weeks time, when I have one less commitment, I will spend more time on this blog and with all of you, my amazing readers.
Devon Aoki, i-d Magazine September 1998/ Sophie Lowe in Russh Magazine 2009/ Laetitia Casta gardening in her knickers/ reading in the sun/ Angela Lindvall, Zoo Magazine Spring 2011/ The McCartneys/ Tracey Emin at the Sea/ basket shoppers and lunchdates via This is Naive/ blossom in Angus, Scotland/ slitted skirts at Christopher Kane SS10/ old Fjallraven backpack.
“I’ll bet those girls were in high school. The coke, how long have you been selling it to kids?” Bruce has returned the big gun to beneath his jacket, the threat of it filling the short distance between them.
01 - Bounty Hunter 03:24
As always, these limited-edition collectibles are available for a song (just 99 cents) on our website and subscriptions to the entire 2011 series are just $10 plus shipping:
I hope you all are well. I am going to try to come back here and post a bit more often.
Thank You for John’s example of facing hard situations with grace and
This is how pretty much most of the gags are in this Sajid Khan comedy caper Housefull 2. Yes, we know he doesn’t care about the critics but I am going to quickly review it anyway. There is always the fact that many a times though the ‘intellectual’ lot may hate the movie, the masses often end up enjoying it. Being a Bollywood comedy, I am not going to scrutinize the story and try to make sense of it – we all know we are expected to leave our brains home for such movies. It’s a bit difficult to outline the story but if you insist I will do it. Rishi Kapoor and Randhir Kapoor are two step brothers at loggerheads and their respective daughters – Asin and Jacqueline Fernandez – hate each other too. Both of them are in search of rich son-in-laws and when one of the prospects (Shreyas Talpade) tries to take revenge for the insult of his father with the help of his friend (Riteish) and college friends-turned-foes Max and Sunny aka John Abraham and Akshay, things get chaotic and out of hand. Since the title has to be relevant, we end up in a mansion with the dozens of characters where there’s confusion galore as to who is who and with whom.
Breathing more life to what is already a dynamic urban hotspot, Distrito will showcase a fantastic selection of restaurant foods and drinks, street arts, and quirky retail products all in one venue. Set to be staged at the Amorsolo Open Car Park, Distrito at Makati will also complement the emergence of the MCBD North and Makati’s distinct retail hub as the city’s quirky and young lifestyle hub, thus highlighting Makati’s ability to evolve with its public and stay relevant to its denizens’ growing needs.
Network – this is a healing modality I chose that really suited me. I go to Ari Diskin in Melbourne. If it’s not for you, please consider trying another technique – there are so many: chiropractic, acupressure, even a simple massage scheduled on a regular basis. It’s really wonderful to know there is someone there to support you in your physical and mental health.
I can't help but think how very lucky I am.
I'm glad that the pain is getting better. For the first few days it hurt so bad that I thought I was going to cry every time I tried to move the leg. It's slowly getting better, with a little bit less pain each day.
number one you will be stars. Number two you will begin to rise. Now I am not talking to everybody actually, I am talking to somebody.
Then I have used the opportunity to hand over Sonja her late birthday present. Beside the card which I have already shown you HERE, I have made for Sonja a weekly planner for 2012. In the end, as a successful SU Demonstration she needs a weekly planner to write down her Workshop appointments or other things, so that she forgets nothing.
In the US, whalers and merchant carriers had to care about foreign naval and political developments, as well as pirate operations. Whalers reached further across the oceans in search of the richest hunting areas, and running into the wrong foreign naval ships could mean the loss of their ships and imprisonment or impressment of their crews into foreign service.
I thought this article was interesting and something I think I have written in the past. Well almost. I don’t agree with the bit about not having conversations online and her ideas about “slow” conversation in person vs online mediums. Obviously she hasn’t spent a lot of time using IMs.
That was part of the speech I plan to give my future daughters before their first day of high school. The rest you can solve. TMZ is forever.
Drums: Preacher & Clevie
image from ibiblio.org
A prisoner the rest of the troop has taken may be the only hope, especially since there is a giant zombie of unknown origin helping his little brothers slamming in the front door and others of the little critters have already dug a tunnel to get into the prison (that’s new, isn’t it?). The prisoner claims to be military and it turns out he is Claire’s brother – which she naturally does not recognize (okay, this coincidence was a little too much, then again, those Redfields are fierce so maybe it is not so surprising that they both survived).
Apparently foreign chip makers are often better at making cheap microchips and U.S. defense contractors are loathe to pass up the better deal.
I am HIS…ummm ok I’ll admit it I am his storm.
And because the weather hasn't exactly been conducive to a leisurely stroll along the sidewalks, camera in tow, it's taken me this long to go gaze at the soaring stems and peer at the bugs crawling between the fibreglass petals. The gorgeous roses, sealed with bright marine paint, are the work of artist Will Ryman and decorate Park Avenue between 57th and 67th Streets. He obviously has a sense of humour, as the blooms and stems are populated by green aphids, ladybugs, black beetles and bumble bees.
I forsook kimono and zori
We don’t.
He maybe just another Korean idol along with the kpop fever these years.
The excitement is understandable. The Buffalo Trace Antique Collection includes some of the world's best whiskeys at reasonable prices. George T. Stagg is probably the world's most renown bourbon. William Larue Weller is less popular than Stagg, but the reputation of this wheater is growing fast. Sazerac 18 and Thomas Handy are undoubtedly two of the best rye whiskeys around, and while Eagle Rare 17 may be the runt of the bunch, it's no slouch either. Even more amazing than the quality of this collection is the price. While some retailers have been known to jack it up into the three figures, they still regularly retail for $70-$85. I don't know that there is a better price/quality ratio in existence.
Of course fueling anti-Iranian sentiments has been constantly on the UAE officials’ political agenda. The statesmen of the newborn, tiny Arab sheikhdom think that by launching verbal attacks against Iran, they can gain power and popularity. But they have brought their eggs to the wrong market. Hostility and rivaling with Iran will backfire and fail. The hullabaloo of the Emirati officials is a tempest in a teapot and there’s no trace of logic and rationality in it. What is annoying and painful is that by credulously neglecting the principle of peaceful neighborhood and coexistence, the Arab officials are muttering the words of Israel, the U.S. and UK about Iran and upsetting a neighbor which has always contributed to their progress and development.
We even have one more to add to it soon so all the Micks will have featured.
Craven
1 c. quick oats
“I couldn’t sell my house now,” she says.
I just want to dress it up with fun jewelry!!
And you always walk alone
Our preacher actually inspired this blog post.
But in an ox’s stall …’
Yesterday I had a pure social media experience that gave me my AHA! moment. My three-year-old was standing at the door yelling, “Goggy, goggy.” I was working in my office placating her with, “That’s right dear, doggy, good doggy.” She became more animated so I got up and walked to the glass door. She was nose to nose with a black, wolfish looking dog that had wandered onto our porch. It turned out that the dog was very friendly, very thirsty, and very lost. Its tag had fallen off, so after giving it water and explaining to my daughter why we don’t put our face next to strange dogs, I took a picture with my iPhone and posted on my Facebook page. My post simply said: “Lost dog. If you live in Burlington and recognize this dog, get in touch… before my kids get too attached.” Within half an hour the dog was back home safe and sound with its grateful owners, thanks to one of my Facebook peeps who lives next door to them.
Now I don’t want to be disingenuous. I recognize that everyone has mental associations that can be immediate or creeping, positive or negative, conscious or subconscious, and it’s not unexpected for people to think that the article is about black kids when they hear the term “Bucket Boys” or see the picture included in the article. That’s fair. So I’m going to cop to a few things that honest self-awareness compels me to note, but maybe not what you’d expect.
It makes me happy. There are stories I have inside me that I want to tell and things that interest me, like Jacques Costeau and I get to share them through my books.
3. One Inch rock
"I have a question about Austin's classes. Austin seems to think that he's in regular reading and writing and regular geography."
Cloak beckoned. I met him in front of a pane of icy black glass, my companions reflections uncannily clear and visible, while mine remained lost and unseen.
We will begin with the Guantanamo Bay trials and explore how these were delayed. Then we will discuss the Osama Bin Laden victory lap, unemployment, race etc. We look forward to your comments and thoughts about these provocative topics.
1 recurs
Exceeding the national trend, Texas jail populations have reduced 9.5% overall since 2008, according to the Commission on Jail Standards, with Harris and Bexar Counties registering especially significant declines. Grits compiled this data (which includes prisoners housed out of county) from TCJS reports from the last five Aprils:
6. Groups agree on how decisions will get made.
Tyler "I was listening you were not and you still aren't" As he picks up the pace.
“Those who say that infancy has nothing in it for Jesus to save, are denying that Christ is Jesus for all believing infants. Those, I repeat, who say that infancy has nothing in it for Jesus to save, are saying nothing else than that for believing infants, infants that is who have been baptized in Christ, Christ the Lord is not Jesus. After all, what is Jesus? Jesus means Savior. Jesus is the Savior. Those whom he doesn’t save, having nothing to save in them, well for them he isn’t Jesus. Well now, if you can tolerate the idea that Christ is not Jesus for some persons who have been baptized, then I’m not sure your faith can be recognized as according with the sound rule. Yes, they’re infants, but they are his members. They’re infants, but they receive his sacraments. They are infants, but they share in his table, in order to have life in themselves.”
1# flaked barley
It was California and cornucopia.
Inn’s father taught him chess as a boy, before the Khmer Rouge killed his family when he was 13. He was living in an orphanage when American soldiers found him and took him to the U.S. A family in New Jersey adopted him, but then began abusing him. Inn played the tournament chess circuit throughout high school. He later attended Rutgers University between 1984 and 1987 and studied literature and classics.
I am not a fan of heels nor do I imagine myself in a pair of pumps on my wedding day. I would want to feel comfortable than be in something that would make me go through hell and back so I’ll be flats. Haven’t decide what sort of flats though, I’ll probably cross the bridge when I get there.
It turned out that dad’s boss hid him. Perhaps, in a way, the American felt like a father, protective of his son and his welfare. He too, wished that both of them will survive. After a long time, when the war was nearing its end, and it was safe enough to come outside, my dad had to say the inevitable. He told his boss, that he need to go back to Lubao. The American, was hesitant to let him leave. He told my dad that he may not find his family anymore, that they may have not survived. He even offered him to have a life in the US, adopt him as his son, so he can have a better life. He was so touched, not only by my dad’s sense of professionalism but his love for his family as well.
Black Jeggings New Look £12 (I think)
Something you might not know: As you may or may not know, I run another set blog, detailing the 1971 Topps set. Niekro is the first player to appear on both blogs.
We met in November 1980. I was 16, he was 18. (I was a Senior in high school. Both our birthdays are in December.
This idea got me thinking about my own family. My mom and dad are such suburban conservatives who want nothing more than bushels of grandkids. Instead, they got two gay kids. Sadly, more than anything, I think this embarrasses them. They’re coming around, in their own way, in their own time, but I know my dad, for one, is mainly embarrassed. This saddens me because I can tell you – confidently, due to many, many years of therapy – that I’m not really someone to be embarrassed about. In fact, you might want to feel the opposite about me – maybe proud, even? I am with a woman, yep, but there’s also a strength and a courage there that could highlighted, instead of being embarrassed by it.
We love you all!
“I wanted to go back to Kelana Jaya. I was at Masjid Jamek station when I saw some policemen assaulting someone so I took a video. They then surrounded me.
Step 4: Dry
So, I decided to change out the plastics for some ceramics and glass:
One of the best tools for learning all about cutting and staging film is to draw thumbnails while watching a section of a film.
The number of people in the 50-60% range, the reasonably well-off low-income people, has remained stable in the range of 4 to 4.8 million between 1979 and 2009. The 40-50%, not particularly well-off low-income people, have had more of a rocky ride and are up from 2 million in 1979 to 3.5 million in 2009. But the poor sods on 40% or less have rocketed from 1.3 million to 5.9 million (up from 2.4% of the population to 9.8%).
This was fun. Even if it had zero impact on gameplay (it does, albeit minor in some areas), the option to make a decision like this now and again felt like roleplaying.
1 squat
Dear Doctor S,
Then she showed it to me and told me the name of the letter. We sang the letter song from the Letter Factory DVD to practice the sounds.
Despite shocking fatality figures in the concentration camps, the English did nothing to improve the situation, and the English public remained deaf to the lamentations in the concentration camps as thousands of people, especially children, were carried to their graves.
I pick it up and carry it close to my body to take the weight.
To Kadie and Kim, thanks so much for participating! You are awesome!
Oh, and by the way… I’m sure my future blogs will have random wedding tidbits but you can get the full scoop on our wedding and engagement escapades on http://ourbigfatcruiselinewedding.wordpress.com!
The Doll Tree by Amelia Mangan
The president also answered critics, notably his likely Republican opponent, Mitt Romney, who said the administration erred by setting a deadline for withdrawing troops, since the Taliban could simply wait out the Americans.
Keeping up with the trends, Jazz Jazba has offered new mobile internet bundles for its customers. Jazba is calling these bundles: “Youth GPRS Bundles”.
How have you accomplished this wonderful feat? You both exercise every morning before starting school! Yes, you decided that if it was good enough for you to exercise in the morning then it was good enough for That Other Kid too! You get up and do your morning exercise routine then you both do some kind of exercise together! It's a great way to spend some quality time together doing something fun as well as good for you! Some mornings you play a Wii or XBox game, some mornings you go walking, biking, or playing catch with the football! And your favorite? Is using the punching bag you bought him for his birthday in 2011! It's a great cardio workout for both of you! And what's more...he loves spending this time with you! After this great workout you sit down and get some good book-learning done! You are both focused and ready to take on the day!
So: Is there a civil libertarian argument for closing down networks during civil strife - protecting people from incriminating themselves?
Things that people while sleeping is getting increasing complex. It used to be sleep-walk, sleep-talk and the most outrageous sleep-sex. (Yup, engaging in sex while sleeping) Now its sending emails. It could be due to the increasing workload we are facing in our daily life, which forces our brain to work even while we are resting.
Following public disclosure of the most recent HSV-1 infant, the New York City Health Department’s spokesman, John Kelly, would say only that “the city and health department are working with members of the community to address this issue.” Asked for details about how they are doing so, Kelly stated in an email, “We don’t yet have further details to share.”
I love these kids, they are really great, and I have been watching them every week for months so this was not new. I was also looking forward to helping out my two good friends so they could get the romantic getaway they needed.
Not so for the people of Bosnia, Serbia and Croatia. Not in 1992…
designed to meet the needs of all digital paper crafting addicts for every occasion.
3 Tbsp Almond Meal
Level 4: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 7%.
Pages - 176
The Brooklyn Brown was next. I'm a huge brown ale fan and this beer did not disappoint. It poured a deep dark brown color and had hints of some roasty malt character. The chocolate malt was evident and very pleasant. The hop character was a little restrained from what I was expecting. Not a lot of bitterness, but subtle flavor and aroma. One of the main reasons I liked this beer so much was it reminded me of my American Brown. When I brewed it, the judges told me it had a roasty character that is not traditional in the style, and it was too dark. Color wise, my brown is the same. It made me smile and I know I will be back to the drawing board to figure this one out!
1 armature
Have a wonderful weekend and HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all the Moms out there!!!
I simply folded the strips in half, being careful not to crease them, and cut looped fringe into the folded edge. Each flower consisted of a piece of this folded looped fringe about eight inches long that was gathered in the center (along the uncut edge) and glued to the base of the shade. I used a needle and thread to gather mine, but you could used hot glue. The centers, are just bits of turquoise fringe cut from the wild pants lining fabric.
Finally my phone rang. My doula was apologetic, her phone hadn’t made any noise! She wanted to know if I thought she could drive a friend home and come back, but I was a bit leery since that was a two hour round trip. “Hmmm, this is me,” I said. “But it is still early on I think, we haven’t even blown up the birth pool. So it should be fine.” So we hung up and I chilled out in between contractions.
There are multiple prior art references, not considered by the PTO when issuing the
His relationship with Captain America is one of the most complex in comics. Hawkeye has essentially built his career out of trying to impress Cap. Biologically, Cap isn't that much older than Hawkeye: he's hardly a father figure, more like a slightly older, more responsible brother. The difference is that whereas Hawkeye spent his late teens and early twenties working as a carnival roustabout and falling into a life of petty crime, Cap spent his formative years fighting Nazis. Captain American came out of the ice prematurely old: he may have only lived twenty-some years, but he had spent four years in a war, seeing his friends cut down by the hundreds and witnessing some of history's worst atrocities firsthand. He came out of suspended animation ready to fight and lead, disciplined and driven. Here comes Hawkeye: brash, loud, uncouth - talented and yet profoundly irascible. Hawkeye knows he isn't half the man Cap is, not yet, but he will be damned if he'll ever tell him that.
Köstritzer Schwarzbierbrauerei GmbH & Co. Köstritzer Schwarzbier
SO what is biblical marriage? A loving convenant. End of story. Next time before you try to declare that so and so are living in sin, or working for a “christian” ministry try to fire someone for being “sinful”…well I think you have missed the point.
(ii) Parameter variation method FM generation
Buttermilk fried chicken with southwest cornmeal waffles
I bought this kit a few years a go - in fact it must 5 years now.
Erica Smolders –Without a doubt, the years spent working in Australia, Hong Kong and Singapore and were the most inspiring and influential experience I could have asked for as a young designer.
- Brush salmon with maple syrup, honey, or something to that effect and bake for 10-15 minutes
Instead I got to sit on the sidelines two parents down from the kid with that parent. You know, the parent that thinks he's the personal coach of his kid and can't shut up.
television series. His talent wasn't spectacular, but it was real,
Burley
3) I love pink, blue, and purple. I seldom wear or use red, orange, and yellow.
finely grated zest of a lemon (or an orange for a more delicate flavor)
In addition, we used to write specific instructions, but now they prefer to give verbally, and then later you get those 'blame' for not able to transmit clearly.. Sometimes, it's so difficult to specifically give verbal instruction ya.. In addition, people don't ask anymore.. they pretend they know, but in the actual fact, they DON'T KNOW!!
When you say ‘publish a book’ are you talking about signing the contract or the day the book is released. When the book is released no, I’m too involved in promoting the new release to do much of anything. When the contract is signed I’m looking forward to the edits, cover art and all that goes along with getting the book
9I am broken by his wrath, and his hate has gone after me; he has made his teeth sharp against me: my haters are looking on me with cruel eyes;
As it turns out, Helen is angry mostly because she thought her husband would delay his urban legend class until she finished writing her thesis. She storms off to begin typing up the Candyman legend, which is dictated on a tape recorder. As the story gets to the part where his name is said 5 times, a cleaning lady interrupts to tell Helen that she has more details about the killer. For instance, he supposedly lived in Cabrini Green, a rundown area of the city that's dangerous to enter. When the cleaner mentions that her friend knows of a murder there that Candyman committed, Helen asks to speak with the friend.
me: Exactly. And...if you are NOT....then, well......knit another row.
Three-quarters of current NATO members states supplied troops for the Iraq war, all except for Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Greece, Luxembourg and Turkey, which in most instances compensated by increasing their troop commitments to NATO in Afghanistan. Over a dozen NATO partnership program nations also sent troops to Iraq.
“I think VAWA is unfair to men”
Our message for today concerns the community of lightworkers and the energies of inclusion. All over the planet now groups of lightworkers are starting to come together and grow in small communities and large. This has always been in the nature of humans. It has been discouraged for thousands of years except where the group was formed to carry out the controllers’ agendas.
Oh, my fellow marketing professionals. My friends, my allies, my contemporaries.
The other morning when I was browsing on Etsy, I came across this amazing handmade ceramic cabochon by Marianne Kasparian of MAKUstudio, and I just fell in love. Madly, deeply, truly in love:
Oh, and 3 yards of black rayon lycra knit..thin with tinytinytiny silver metallic pindots. Wuck am I gonna do with it? Maxi dress I guess. It’s not terrible and it was cheap.
Therefore we must do what we can to decouple the idea of Naturism and sex.
However, on the second day of the trial, which was expected to last for a month, the case collapsed into a mistrial.
It's still a work in progress for her (maybe she'll share some before and after pics? *hint hint!*) but when I saw her this weekend she mentioned a fun chair makeover she's going to be tackling soon. A glossy coat of white paint and a coordinating fabric are going to turn an old side chair into a statement piece in the room and the perfect spot to kick off your shoes after a long day.
Another similar NPC asks you for the name of an engine that is used in a particular type of plane, just to test how good of a former aviator your character really is. However, the name of the engine is a random string of letters and numbers that you have no chance of remembering unless you decided to write it down (and especially not when you need to take a break from the game to use the phone, which is what I did). What is the point in this irrelevant memory test!?
One slice is missing, now the story’s gettin’ scary, cos he comes to realise that Bridget is allergic to cherry.
An employer would probably like access to any invention made by his staff that is relevant to the business. In the Nordic countries, Germany and the US this is the case. In the US its a "shop right" to use and comes free, but elsewhere there are detailed rules about disclosure and compensation. In the UK ownership is determined by the employee's job description and duties, there is no disclosure obligation and compensation is obtainable (if at all) only after the invention or the patent for it (or the combination of both) can be shown to have been of outstanding benefit to the employer. This is not an active policy issue so this quaint situation isn't likely to change soon. However it did cause me to ponder whether it impacts on the creativity and happiness of the inventors in the UK's larger businesses. What do you think?
When I sold my baskets at the Los Angeles Pacific Palisades market, each Sunday was a parade of major and minor celebrities from television and film. Early one morning, as I was fluffing up the baskets, I turned around and there was Jennifer Garner, one of the market regulars, browsing the baskets. She quickly decided on a Moroccan style I call Bandol. Chic, slightly boho, long soft lambskin handles to go over the shoulder. “Oh, Violet, we’re getting one of these baskets right now!”
In short: an excellent way for a gaggle of girls (or boys) to spend a fun and informative afternoon. Or a great thing to do for those of us who like to stay home from time to time but still want a stellar cocktail while doing it.
Color Medium: Distress Inkt Refill Weatered Wood, Vintage Photo, Walnut Stain, Stormy Sky, Shabby Shutters, Peedled Paint, Scattered Straw, Antique Linnen, Black Soot
As a third-generation Arizonan, I have a special love for the Southwest and its history. Life in the Old West was never easy, but the American Frontier had a way of drawing people who were resilient, who met adversity with a quiet inner strength and a reliance on God’s provision. From the deserts to the canyons to the towering pine forests, the history of my home state is filled with tales of characters whose courage and tenacity helped shape this part of the country.
“Normally my voice gets horse, but fingers hurt from typing so much today”
When we look at the price of gold bullion today in inflation adjusted terms, it would need to be trading at $2,250 an ounce to be equal to its January 1980 price high of $850 an ounce.
Provenance: A 1960 Cardin wool coat; (price $2,500 from 1st Dibs seller Jennifer Kobrin), is a stellar example of a late master's work.
We feel lighter, happier, more cheerful, peaceful, joyful …
However, in these times you dark wish to take your ascension away from you by any means that they can, and a part of doing this is Creating violence and Creating and feeding separation in these areas where some souls of such areas will respond and react to the energies that are given in such purity.
Wow, can you believe this year is almost over? almost Christmas in 10 days; what are everyone's plans? For me, I want to craft a lot of small things/accessories/trinkets and just sleep like a cat =(^-^)=...erm, maybe not because time waits for no one! Meaning, so much to do so little time!
It's also less long.
Apparently, the administration is hoping that just as tough economic sanctions convinced North Korea to leave the "Axis of Evil" and start acting more like the Carebear of the Far East, just as tough economic sanctions on Iraq convinced Saddam Hussein to mend his ways and avoid getting his country invaded, just as tough economic sanctions restored peace and prosperity to Zimbabwe after the worst of the Robert Mugabe years, and just as crippling sanctions forced Fidel Castro to acknowledge the inherent inferiority of communism and relinquish power long ago, sanctions will fix all our problems with Iran.
Your last words to me in the email were
Unrest by Michelle Harrison
Motivation is a key element, and knowing you are your own worst enemy in that field is also important. It isn’t easy, but since when is anything that is good for you easy? That isn’t how life works.
Happy Hour = Booze! The bf ordered a Sapporo ($5), and I had a Mango Sake shot ($3) and an Asian Pear Sangria ($7). Fruity drinks are so refreshing in the heat....mmmm.
A few months ago we adopted a cat from the animal shelter.
5) Sometimes, your RA turns out to be an undercover Secret Service agent.
Mark Morris – Fallen Boys
Directly across the road from the skull ornamented gate is the little garden that marks the site of the Navy Office where Samuel Pepys worked and lived. The stone with the blue plaque on is virtually hidden by the shrubs so I thought I'd better do a close up of it.
1. Still working on my stationery business in a new state!
PROVERBS 3:7-8
Biting your fingernails,
That is what forms both the books – That and the most amusing doodles which have a life and style of their own. Along with humour drier than the Atacama, and a wit sharper than diamond tipped razors. At times, Lennon also throws in a risque joke or ten about ‘cripples, spastics,’ etc.
That’s what made the High School of Art and Design
This morning a parishioner turned up with loppers. He wouldn’t let me take his photo and declines to be named online, but here is a picture of the loppers and an ivy stem he was working his way through:
"Seriously?" Abby squealed, grabbing Sam around the shoulders in a big hug. "Does Mum know?"
Lucky Garnett (Fred Astaire) has a best friend, Pop Cardetti (Victor Moore), which makes him a rich man in the important ways. But it’s 1936 and people are still reeling from the Depression.
Suitable for ages: 3 +
It's just been one of those weeks where there's been SO much to do and I haven't been feeling well and can't seem to shake it off. My scrappy mojo has been a bit lacking and while I WANT to scrap I haven't necessarily been in love with what I've produced.
Two hours later than our invitations state, we’re wandering the length of Poland Street. There it is… it must be. Mustn’t it? Look, there’s loads of photographers… I wonder who they’re waiting for? Tina’s arm links through mine; six months on, she’s still getting used to going to things like this without Rob – the epitome of a couple; their lives inexorably inter-twined having achieved the perfect balance of togetherness without being permanently joined at the hip.
Our interactive workshop session covers social media, leadership, presentation skills, branding, marketing, personal and professional development.
1+ cups flour
The brilliant warm colors of the fall foliage compete with the cool hard granite ledge to be the center of attention. I consider it a draw.
It's educational, which for me is the main purpose of a zoo, and fun. Over the years it has developed into an outstanding attraction. And, for the last two years, entry from November to early February has been free. I doubt you would leave without dipping your hands into your pocket though - you will want to donate money, because you can see where the money is going, both on site in the park and to their conservation initiatives abroad.
I had some leftover ground chicken and needed a good recipe to use it up. In general, I'm not a huge fan of chicken burgers. I feel like they have a funny taste that turkey burgers or regular burgers just don't share.
Protesters pleaded for the immediate shutdown of all of TEPCO's nuclear plants.
The trade in rhino horn to Asian countries has opened an avenue for the sale of lion carcasses -- their bones are being used to replace those of tigers in the making of traditional Eastern wines.
combine filling in pot or saucepan stir constantly till boil. reduce heat stir 5 minutes . Pour over hot base . Melt chocolate and pour over filling. cool and let set before cutting...
Our neighborhood is uniquely affected by the port: idling ships pollute our air, truck traffic on our local streets contributes to pollution and is a safety concern, and the salt pile is a corrosive nuisance. However, the port is also a valuable and essential resource: it has the capacity to accommodate a wide variety of activities, from cruise ships to water taxis, shipping, recreational boating, cultural and educational centers to maintenance facilities. Whether the port remains a viable enterprise for years to come should be a major concern for all in the Waterfront. If it does not, then we will witness an all-to-familiar real estate free-for-all as agencies and developers rush to exploit what is one of the most desirable locations in Brooklyn. Please join us, meet your neighbors and learn more about the port.
We tried to teach her that she doesn't win every time. She used to get really upset if she lost.
While I prefer a completely wholegrain bread to accompany soup, for sandwiches and toast, this is a good all-around versatile recipe that when mixed up, can be made into many different products easily. I have only recently discovered rapid-rise yeast and for this recipe, it is a great time saver.
I will say either a Bull Horn, or a Train Whistle..
Onions – 2, medium size, finely chopped
To isolate how a variation in this gene, called the L version of MAO-A, might affect the wiring of the brain, Meyer-Lindenberg took MRI brain scans of more than 100 healthy volunteers. Since this genetic variation is common in our population, some of the volunteers had this variation, and some didn’t.
The home they first brought their babies to, wrinkled, new and swaddled tight from the hospital.
2 kids later and a bunch of small races, half marathons, and sprint triathlons later I feel the urge to put myself out there again to train for a marathon. I always said I wanted to do this distance again and 2012 looks like it will be my year! I am eyeing the Key City Bank Marathon in Burlington,VT. I absolutely love that city and I ran once there with a friend for 2 hours and didn't even realize how far we went because it was just a gorgeous place to run. The downtown area, bike path and Lake Champlain make for me a perfect running spot.
The clouds have rolled in again, of course, but two hours makes a lot of difference when you are starved for light, I could pork out on it, that is for sure!
Like the pains of childbirth, when it has stopped, the severity of it disappears somewhere into the unconscious mind and a little door is shut on it. It isn't until there is a repeat experience of it that you remember how awful it is again.
At the graduation dinner of two close friends of L & I’s, our table of friends got to talking about what we should really do later that night. K suggested just crashing at her place with some pizzas and the new Zelda game “Skyward Sword.” L “oooohed” in agreement, adding that we should get the pizza from regional chain “Happy’s Pizza” and adding an order of fried chicken and ribs. I would like to remind our viewers (all 4 of you) that we were still eating dinner, but were ready to for our midnight snack as early as 9PM. J, who I came to find out is a foodie and has eaten anything and at all the greasiest spoons in the area, seemed completely puzzled why we would want to indulge in such mediocre food. That’s saying something, too, from a person who equally values price point. E, a person who has actually never eaten at Happy’s with K, L, and I but knows of the Happy’s Pizza Eating stories of the past, said “well of course, its for the feeling.”
Every weekend my family used to go for walk to the nearest video shop,my brother and sisters who were older always chose the latest release,I was around six at the time,I did not need time for browsing,I always went to the same section of the shop and picked up the same video…
It has been a fair day but there has been a raw northwest wind blowing all day. It snowed a little. It was about 23º above at noon.
I apologize for the confusion, especially if this post only reaches new subscribers and misses all my past WordPress peeps! Thanks for your patience during the transition!
Growing up, I didn't have a very sophisticated palate. In fact, I knew no other foods besides my mother's cooking and the occasional restaurant outing. The only "ethnic" foods I ate were Italian and Jewish, both cooked by my mother (and exceptionally, I might add). I guess you could say I was a very picky eater, liking only foods I was familiar with.
George Harrison "Let It Roll" 1970.
Yes they’re ‘moving beyond Jesus’
Another voodoo doll apparently needs to be made.
The next day, we went outside to the perfect clear day and released the balloons and headed off on our honeymoon. We're not back yet.
Rnd 8: Repeat back inc rnd – 80 sts.
The night before mother's day was bitterly cold and windy, and when we woke the next morning this sorry sight met our eyes. Poor Adam rushed out into the garden holding his arms spread wide, and shouting "Oh no!, oh no!". He then promptly burst into tears and rushed to me to be hugged ... he could only be consoled with a turn on the swing.
"Hold on a minute." Notia was trying to sound like Dora, but the attempt just left her sounding nasal, a hornet where Dora would have been a hawk. "You'll be needed with the Wildhawk. You can't run off and abandon the town like this."
Then there is the fifth kind, one that our current Michael Bloomberg embodies, as does this week's Know Your Mayor topic, William R. Grace -- the mogul mayor, a powerful businessman with astute vision who pursue civic leadership almost like a hobby.
“Slave?”
But Chelsea rider Mark Brown, 45, said he's been impressed with train safety, warning he thought the teams might "make people scared" at first.
Now, I must say my kids are severely 'shoe neglected' according to Puerto Rican standards! Shoes are a big deal here! The bigger, the better! Heels are a must! And the more you have, the better.
My God, I unite myself with the priest whom your Church sends as Ambassador to your Divine Majesty; I join myself to all the praises he shall give you, and to all the adorations he shall render you, and prayers he shall address to you; and to all the good desires he shall conceive. And I beg to partake of the spiritual food his is to receive.
So...anyone out there who would like to join me on my daily quest for fitness..follow along, we can whine together! Or celebrate our wins together! My win for today...I did my 10 minute jump rope blast without hurting myself or breaking anything, ate eggs and salad, and didn't even look at a piece of bread. How will I do tomorrow? Pretty good, I think.
Indeed, the figures will pale into insignificance when you consider the crimes solved and prevented by using intelligence.
I found the Pashupati Babas - while quite laid-back - to be also rather career-minded. Most of them make a few rupees as photographer's models. They all had the equivalent of press kits - a stash of carefully-preserved photos and even magazine clippings they had appeared in. The fellow below is showing off some of his portfolio.
This four tiered wedding cake is covered in buttercream with several small piped band going around each tier. The bride wanted orchids with fat petals, so we worked together and finally settled on Vanda orchids, which the bride really loved.
It has been some time since I looked at a keyboard that didn’t make music. It can be easy, or difficult, to explain the reasons behind a hiatus. I suppose that depends on your command over your first language, your command over sign language, or your capacity to point at things while re-arranging your eyebrows.
Encounters like this, both real and imagined, have made me wonder if there is another way. I may have found an alternative the other day. One that fits me anyway. My friend, who is on staff at the Free Christian Church in Andover, calls it “praying for your six.” I think they got the idea from the Vineyard Church in Cambridge.
There are also surprises. Among the unscripted events planned will be a full size “bouncy castle” in the shape of Stonehenge that will go on a nationwide tour.
I often tell my kids to do the background first. This way they don’t mess up details they spent ages working on coloring in between small spaces.
My friends and I were discussing plans for Easter weekend last week when I realized that I will spending the holy days Good Thursday and Friday at a Casino. I made fun of myself thinking, "Isn't that a sacreligous thing to do-I have certainly strayed from the Catholic school girl I once was." I know that there is at least one friend from my past that would most definitely condem me for it.
Happy Friddayyyyyyyyy!
But it’s not just Shanika that’s trippin! Its Dr., Bishop, Reverend _____ out there. You know how they say that gold diggers are “F’in for Bags”, well they are “Preaching for Bentley’s”. They are so busy trying to fill their pews with celebrities and big ballers so that they can get that 10% that they are forgetting that they are the foundation of the African-American community! Tyrone might not attend every Sunday, but if he gets locked up, his momma that has been faithful to your church will want you to write that letter to the judge! I joke, but it’s sad that these men that were once pillars of the community that people looked at with respect and often lead some of the most prolific civil rights movements in the community are now calling their lawyers to get out of baby momma drama, infidelity charges, tax evasion and gay scandals. Marvin said it the best, “What’s Going On”?
All the money raised is going towards the Peninsula Child Services (Skiereiland Maatskaplike Werke) for purchasing essentials for abused babies and kids in Elsies River.
But what if you could install an architecture blogger—or a film blogger, a food blogger, an archaeology blogger, a fiction blogger—in an overlooked archive somewhere, anywhere in the world, and thus help to reveal those items to the general public?
Instant T-zone mattifier. New-generation gel creates a smooth, matte finish in seconds. Matrix of high-performance mattifiers delivers intense shine-stopping action. Apply to forehead, nose, chin and other areas where shine breaks through. Can be reapplied over makeup, if necessary,
Dear Boy dog down the block-
drank wine and enjoyed it (fear of...more fat, I guess. I like wine so much I figure I'm guilty of something),
What is the desire of your heart? What decisions have you made with lasting consequences? Are you leaning on God’s understanding or your own?
One final thing to point out with these pictures is that perhaps Tevye and Saarah have watched Wallace & Gromit in “A Grand Day Out” too many times, as this is exactly how Wallace draws his rocket. Wallace’s rocket looked more like a rocket, though.
This year my goal was to cook for the food kitchen every month. Our church has a day a month that we are responsible for. The meal we serve has not changed in the almost twenty five years that we’ve been parishioners. It’s a simple Sloppy Joe recipe and I’ve prepared it for the food kitchen over the years, but sporadically and less and less since I’ve been working.
So it's been a while since my last post, and a lot has been going on both personally and politically.
Creme shot a glare over at Brulee for good measure before attempting yet again, this time actually attempting to channel the arcane through her hand to the orb resting in it.
Molotha, Theodota (Theotimus?) with Senan
Karla C. Rodriguez (soon to be Martinez-Medina) Hartford, Connecticut Police Department.
~or any other sentiment that you'd like to say
Refrigerate 1 hour to set. Transfer cake to serving plate and garnish with the chopped Reese's PB Cups.
(It’s not a Godwin if they bring up Nazis first.)
Oldspeak:”The Military Industrial Complex has learned the P.R. lessons of Vietnam: War MUST be sanitized and redacted for public consumption. If Americans see the true face of war, they have little stomach for it. The Ministry of Truth is doing it’s job well. Obama. Bring ‘em home. ALL OF THEM. “
2. I should seek God’s joy, in the midst of my chaos.
Sound Study sent this one in a while back from another Gainsville, FL band, Averkiou. Name, schmame, you have a cover that freaking adorable and I'm in, how you pronounce that name? Well, you're on your own. I'm too busy looking at that serious kitten really going for it. Yes, he's cute, but he can still take out a nest full of unsuspecting songbirds who aren't even going to know what hit them.
Michal was almost indignant. “This is hardly the most sensible…” But the manager seemed to reel at some yawning error in the timing of the spectacle, and he impatiently tore Haley from Michal’s arms.
Those looking to break a record or create one can submit, without charge, a request and documentation on Guinness’ website, where processing can sometimes take several months. Alternatively, applicants can get a fast-track decision in a few days for $750, or for $6,500 have an official Guinness judge to witness the effort.
The girls chatted excitedly about the opportunity to sing the musical classics and work with the talented Anthony Warlow.
How to spot when a lighting thunderstorm is imminent? See pictures below on the progression of thunderstorm clouds called cumulonimbus.
Then we decided to try to go see Jerry Siegel's house - or Joel Schuester's house (it's one of those guys who created Superman). He grew up in Cleveland and they renovated the house not too long ago. Someone lives in it, so you basically just have to drive by - it isn't open to the public, but with Precious being the Superman fan that he is, he wanted to see it. However, as we drove it became very clear that we weren't in Kansas anymore.
Actually I did get a kick out of the Penny Black stamp set that I bought. It even looked like something that my brother would enjoy, so I decided to make it into a birthday card for him. He has a very dry sense of humor. Not as dry as mine, which is parched, but dry, nonetheless.
Naida’s face went pale, as if she was afraid Derrek was going to steal her sword and run her through with it. “It’s… normal enough… It’s three or so hours to sundown.”
Stay Free
She mentions "convent school"(is that actually the name for it? It doesn't sound right...), and mentions that she wants to work with "handicapped children". I'm going to pause the movie for a sec to go off on a rant...I hate the word "handicapped". See, it originated around the time of the Great Depression, referring to bums who would fake a disability, then hold out a cap for bystanders to put money into. A "handy cap" eventually became a "handicap". Nice. It's the disabled person's equivalent to being called the N-word...
The first time I complained by phone, I was told that my bin hadn't been emptied because I'd not paid my yearly subscrition. I was a bit surprised by this and went to the bank to find out if there was a problem. They said everything was fine and that they'd rung the Council for me and the money was going through by Direct Debit as it always had done. I was told it was an Council administration error.
And when I try and think of how I actually did learn to write, that's really where I trace it all back to: all the reading I did (and do). Even being an unschooler and believing that children will learn naturally, I find myself marveling at how much I absorbed about the structure and rules of language simply from reading. It was never a struggle when I started writing more myself. I knew where commas went, how long was too long when it came to writing sentences, how to structure a paragraph, and similar intricacies of the written language. Obviously, I've improved a lot since then (and will continue to grow and improve), but from the time I really started writing in earnest I had a very strong grasp of how to write. I just needed practice. Even when it came to spelling, the closest to "formal" learning I ever did was play a game, for fun and by choice, with my sister, where my mother would say a word, and my sister and I would try and get the correct spelling first. Yes, both of us have always been writing/language nerds!
Now while I was living in Stockport I met a nurse who worked at the Christie Cancer Hospital in Manchester and before I left for Yorkshire we had agreed to get married. She wasn't yet officially my fiancee but that's how I shall henceforth refer to her. She was still in Manchester working out her notice before she too crossed the Pennines. And that Saturday she was coming over for the weekend. I met her off the train, she asked 'What are we going to do?' and I said, 'We're going to Haworth to see the Brontes.' I'd never been there, never seen the parsonage, hadn't even been on the Keighley and Worth Valley Railway, but knew that I had to do all those things, though perhaps the railway could wait. So we got in my old Morris Minor and drove off north.
At 27 I find myself entering that “quarter-life crisis.” You know, that point in life when you wonder what is the next step. Some days I feel I need to flap my wings and fly to some great unknown part of the world, start anew, and head down a new direction. However, when I find myself thinking about this radical venture, I tell myself “Trey… look what you will leave behind.”
Then Liberty's face lit up, "That's why they're this little, Mommy!" She showed me with her fingers how tall they were, and I couldn't hold it in. I laughed, and we all started laughing together.
Dear Ones, the whole purpose of your life is to evolve, and your soul journey will eventually take all back to the Source of All That Is. Obviously a souls progress comparing one to another, can differ quite a lot according to how long is spent in the lower dimensions. At present you are moving towards the higher dimensions and once there, will no longer be bound by linear time. Everything will be in the “Now” and you will move at will between the past, present and future. However, for the time being you are still much involved with time, and we are aware that the apparent delay in starting our many projects concerns you. Yet in reality they are advancing very well, and we are poised to help make some major arrests of people that are high up within the dark forces. It will be the start of a long lasting cleansing of those in places of power, so that authority and responsibility for your wellbeing is passed on to others who care. Be assured that we know who is of the Light, and no one will be able to get past our scrutiny or deceive us. Matters are coming to a head, and you can expect some surprising developments very soon.
9 - Setting Sun/Fade In-Out
A big problem with this is that “real” food is more expensive than edible food-like substances. The reason for this is two-fold. First, there is a supply and demand curve that must be overcome. More people want the real food than there are farms and gardens to support it. Second, a great deal of what makes up the food-like substances are subsidized, therefore artificially driving the price down. Watch “Food, Inc.” for more on that. One person that I know summed up that movie in five words: Want some corn with that? Corn is one of the most heavily subsidized crops in the country, making it dirt-cheap to use.
Above all, I love the entrepreneur. I love all these websites and start ups and dot coms. When I lived in New York there was a great little business called, “The Mudd Truck” — the Mudd Truck was created by a New York musician and his rocker wife. He created it to feed himself and his family. It was a truck that sold coffee out of it while blasting rock music in the morning. It was glorious and even more so because the fecker got a permit to park the thing RIGHT IN-BETWEEN TWO STARBUCKS. Even though I like the Starbucks, whenever I walked down that street, I bought from the Mudd Truck. How could you not? After I left New York, I heard two guys started a mobile ice cream truck called, “Big Gay Ice Cream Truck” – they sold soft serve with panache. A vanilla swirl on a cone dusted with crumbled wasabi peas. For reals.
Stellar Swiss Legend Watches for Stylish Men and Women
White Zombie La Sexorcisto: Devil Music Vol. 1 Track Listing:
And we shall play a game of chess,
Oy. Vay.
Derek Dishman
LABOUR'S MEMBER OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT
1 serving = aroundabouts 3/4 cup.
Shortly after his election victory, Canseco traveled to Washington, D.C. to attend a fundraiser to begin eliminating his campaign debt. Among those he collected money from were Goldman Sachs ($5,000), American Association of Anesthesiologists ($5,000), Conoco ($3,000), General Electric ($1,000), and U.S. Oncology ($1,000).
Lanikai Beach is beautiful and very popular on the weekends. We are going to stay longer next time - lots to explore.
However, I do take issue with is the author's assertion that not being an academic is a problem. I'm really not an academic: you won't find me "sourcing obscure books, visiting research libraries, conducting experiments or doing field research." What you will find me doing is dancing around barefoot; reading fantasy novels; writing blog posts; daydreaming; having really long and interesting discussions about oppression, patriarchy, anarchy, control, and similar jazz; reading books and articles and posts on unschooling and freedom-based education; drinking tea at cafes...
Both me and Omri’s Dad areterriblewith food. We are both overweight and can pack away crap food with ease.
I wonder what would happen if the energy and resources put into keeping migrants out of Europe were poured into helping migrants stay in their home countries?
You know how they say a wounded animal is the most dangerous kind of animal? I think that about villains, too. Sometimes the villain was wounded long ago and those wounds have been part of his being. Or else, the villain is wounded onstage in the story, and it makes him dangerous and out for blood. This is a highly dynamic sort of villain.
Video from temptalia.com, oooh, I love most things from this collection! I hope I have time to visit MAC soon!! :D They will be coming out with a super bright colors collection too around the same time, but I am more drawn to the nude, sparkly colors. I really want a bright red and pink lipstick though, sth like Russian Red and Girl about Town. Yesterday I went to a rock live for my friends` band and wore Obsessive Compulsive Lip Tar in Anime on my lips 8D Topped with Dazzleglass in Sugarrimmed! :D
Consumers seem to be increasingly attracted by goods which have specific qualities on account of their geographical origin. This has led geographical indications to collide with that other species of intellectual property that serves a function of indicating the origin of goods in the course of commerce: the trade mark. This happens particularly when the trade mark has geographical connotations or consists of a geographical name linked by the public to a product. Geographical indications and trade marks, respectively acting as indicators of a geographical origin and business origin, may create a synergy, but may also lead to conflicts around the world.
Cast: Rudolph Valentino, Louise Dresser, Vilma Banky, James Marcus, Albert Conti, George Nichols, Carrie Clark Ward.
On affiliated 6, Bleared Bewilderment Cave, go into the bleared bewilderment as any appearance except yoshi (preferably wario aback he can become metal) and cross until you acquisition a red brick block, central will be a mushroom. Grab that augment and go about the corner.There will be 2 moles, (i forgot their complete names), accumulate alive in circles over the holes in the arena that they pop out of and you will afresh annihilate them. Afterwards killing 10 you will alpha accepting lives, abide this until the augment runs out. You should accept 40-60 added lives now.
KH: I like photographers with unique styles … Leigh Miller, Jose Villa, Jessica Johnston, Belathee Photography, Jonathan Canlas and Liz Banfield.
While in the attic, the angel gets her to notice an old storage chest and the magic is released.
As a silk hat on a Bradford millionaire.
I’m so cold lately. Come warm me.
My window is closed and the curtains are drawn shut
Which, of course, still makes policy irrelevant.
I can hear the sound of your sorrows
4-What is your opinion about Victor bringing his whole family to live in exile? Why did they stay with him?
"Aye, well it's not as bad as could be. It's odd seeing the weather coming in from predominately the east which explains why what would normally be an April shower is falling as snow..."
to have no mastery of the language at all. They cannot construct a
A woman who hasn’t said a word for an hour tries to speak, but a loquacious man talks over her, and everyone joins him in pretending he didn’t hear her. If people allowed themselves to acknowledge his rudeness, their silence would imply approval, so it’s better to keep quiet in the interest of inner peace and outer harmony.
I feel that a lot of new unschooling parents are very hesitant to do anything that resembles ‘controlling’ their children, and so they fail to stop their children when they are behaving in ways that are disruptive or damaging to others or the property of others. Unschooling conferences frequently feature the worst displays of such behavior; a damaging trend when you consider that such events are one of the primary ways that we represent ourselves to the ‘Muggles’.
To illustrate how well the horses are trained, just as our guide was explaining that the stalls in the large stable were previously reserved for officers' horses but are now used for sick horses or those who are a bit naughty, I caught sight of this horse giving us a lively demonstration. I love his expression - he seems to be saying, "No, I don't know how this tail got in my mouth...but I'm certainly not the naughty horse to whom he is referring!".
elegant
"It is clear to me that we do not have a moral foreign policy. There is little indication that our foreign policy is consistently and genuinely informed by a thorough commitment to project our domestic constitutional principles onto the international arena.”
When it came time to start tearing, my first impulse was to carefully follow those lines. I almost had a heart attack when the first tear had the nerve to curve at a weird angle. However, once the damage was done, I actually found myself reveling in the imperfection. I kept tearing and purposely went off track so a single tear would bleed into another color and bypass those dashed boundaries. Then I took a crayon and scribbled over the directions with a haphazard scrawl. Just call me a rebel.
- 1 egg
Then that night I went to a co-worker/friend's birthday dinner at The Melting Pot. (Okay can I just say that the food there is amazing?!)
Something Belgian. Once you go Belgian, you appreciate the astonishing things yeast can do. Belgian beers are as varied and interesting as any in the world. Fortunately, Avery Brewing, based in Boulder, does Belgians as well as anyone in the U.S. I'm a huge fan of The Reverend (a big, dark Quadrupel) and Salvation (a tasty Belgian-style golden ale). Not every liquor store in Durango carries Avery's bombers, but Wagon Wheel tends to have them.
1 mordor
Elouise Cobell, who was present for the signing ceremony, charged the Interior Department with failing to account for tens of billions of dollars that they were supposed to collect on behalf of more than 300,000 of her fellow Native Americans, Obama said.
A couple of days ago, we had my birthday dinner at a Vietnamese restaurant, a treat from my hubby. Yup, no cooking on that day :) We were late, as my kids had some schoolwork to finish and by the time we reached the restaurant, we were really hungry! It was a lovely dinner. I enjoyed the appetizers more than the main course! Took some pictures to share.
What’s so touching about this threesome is how much they genuinely like each other. When you see them giggling on a bed (feet off the floor), they could just as easily be braiding each other’s hair or challenging one another to a wrestling match. Sex gets in the way, of course, but equal intelligence is an asset here. And since Gilda is essentially a good woman and not a mere indecisive tease, she can’t tear these two best friends apart. Rather than torture them with bedroom flip-flops, she sacrifices her own happiness for . . . Edward Everett Horton. Morgan's tight journalistic prose and willingness to gaze without flinching into the murky abyss of feminine desire is an inspiration for my own writing and I appreciate her approach to the film is a lot more about the desire while mine is about the 'agreement.' I found out early on that if you love beautiful, intelligent women, but don't sleep with them, or even hit on them, ever, just love them and let them inspire you, then your art will bump up several notches and you will keep the beautiful inspirational women as friends for life (as lovers you'd lose them after a few months or years and never be inspired by them again). If Deneuve's traumatized beauty had a friend like that in Repulsion, she may have been able to just cook the rabbit and watch some TV. God forbid you hit on her and get rejected! you'll never write again, but if you can do the trickster thing and resist temptation you just might have a shot at getting actually good at your craft, and not getting pregnant or slashed to bloody ribbons in the process.
Commenting turned out to be somewhat of a challenge so if any of you crafters didn't get a visit we're truly sorry but it was sort of out of our hands.
Layer 5-7: random punched images or embellishment on the bottom right
We give thanks for our ‘outstanding’ Church School and for the success of our 11.30am All Age Service with Lunch. We pray for our new Toddler Group to flourish, for reorganised small groups and for more children in church.
Boston Beer Company (Samuel Adams) Samuel Adams Triple Bock
I hope today's post will bring a smile to your face and maybe even a few chuckles at my expense!
The icing on the cake
I didn't really make any specific resolutions, I just had general things I wanted to focus on this past year. In some areas I did a great job, and in other areas I didn't. So I'm refocusing on those areas that still need improvement this year.
Maybe two
The earth and everything on it,
TM Melbourne will be in one month. Here are the questions and potential insights I hope to gain for the pre-event interview:
Wanting to leave a legacy in this world.
Il fait des fausses clefs dans l'arrière-boutique
My new sewing machine, the Baby Lock Symphony, is the cat's meow. Oh! My! Gosh! It has been a dream to use and so easy. I made the purple/gold quilt top and matching pillowcase on it, as well as 4 wine bottle totes, and a sofa pillow for my sister. I plan to enjoy using this machine for many years.
white card coloured with mustard promarker for matting
We nodded and smiled at the responses: Broadway actress, singer/songwriter, president of the United States. We turned to the last friend in the circle, awaiting her answer.
That’s right… mustard is absolutely one of the healthiest condiments! First, it has no added sugar. Also, mustard seed itself is a source of powerful antioxidants. In addition to the antioxidants in the mustard seed, most yellow mustards also contain turmeric, a wonderful super antiinflammatory and powerful antioxidants herb. So go for the mustard!
I started with the clearance section, but nothing was suitable. Next, I headed to the quilting cottons. While I would have preferred a crisp silk taffeta, I realize that was next to impossible. Besides, I needed seven yards of 45” fabric to ensure that stripe matching was possible, and silk taffeta is a little too expensive for a project that I am not sure will work out!
Enter to win Journals of the Big Mouth Bass! Giveaway ends June 1st, 2011. See above for details.
Be sure to go over to Joan's Gardens to see all the sets in this new Heartfelt Creations release. Also Joan will have a special price on the "I Want It All" package.
The new Arab anti-Zionism contained classic anti-Semitic policies, as demonstrated by the "Statute of the Jews" that could be compared to the Vichy Statute of the Jews, except that it developed over a long time, in a huge geographical area, and at different periods. Jews were accused of being coresponsible with Israel for the war that the Arab states declared against the new state and then lost. Regardless of their ideological affiliation - communist, nationalist, Zionist, religious, and so on - they were subjected to special laws specifically aimed at Jews. They were expelled from all Arab-Muslim countries because a collective responsibility was imputed to them. This is typical anti-Semitic reasoning.
"The name “Chronic Fatigue Syndrome” was selected by a small group of politically motivated scientists. Their deliberate intention was to obfuscate the nature of the disease by placing it in the realm of the psychiatric rather than the organic. The harm they have caused is surely one of the great tragedies of medicine." – Hillary J. Johnson
If you are interested in the polka dots paper - which matches the striped paper (same colour palette), you will find them both as downloads on the Funky Hand website - you'll find them in the download section here. Check out some of the other downloads while you are there - they're stunning and as a fan before I became a DT member, I had almost everyone of them!!!
Frustratingly for the eager news hounds white thugs have so far been uncooperative, unlike non-whites who have been assaulting all and sundry with gusto in resent years, leaving the media struggling to find new and inventive means of describing the crimes, which did not include the word “racial”, or even mention the race of the attackers.
and wondered if she might have a dress to wear for week 32.
Dodds received encouragement to apply for the Truman Scholarship from Dr. David M. Coffey, professor of agriculture, and Ami Carter, coordinator of academic advising in the Honors College.
4 stamp sets (1 clear mount with clear block)
I've gone back and forth on all of this. I haven't called anyone in my family yet to share the news, because I just don't want to have to tell the story more than once. And I do better processing information when I write it down. I don't want to upset anyone with the details or what-if's, but I've decided to share because it can go a number of ways, and I want it to go only one way.
When I was in high school, I skied, but I wasn't very good. I really wanted to be better so I joined the ski team at Berkshire East. I was horrible at first, laughed at even. But I kept working at it and got better and better. It was the perfect time, because I was young and impressionable. I learned that if I worked hard at something I could be successful. It was a huge confidence booster. That experience has been a lesson that has carried forward my whole life.
Mail order. I'm a total shut-in (aren't all writers?) and I have a serious problem with online shopping. Just ask my husband. (Or don't - I don't want to get in trouble!)
Today belonged to my husband (a serious WonderDad) for us, because my own Dad happened to be out of town for the day. But he's not far from my thoughts. Here's a small old pic of a wee me and my Dad snoozing together. My Dad is a master snoozer, and this photo is worth sharing for the couch alone:
Tools: Marianne CreaTables - LR0205 and LR0107
Rufus on the other hand? Well, let’s just say he’s a gentle soul underneath all of that grumpiness. He gives up pretty easily if we pack it with actual treats, so we stick to frozen peanut butter, yogurt, and other lick-able foods.
215Grace shines around her with serenest beams,
Between 1947-1948 and 2011, these abandoned refugees organised hundreds of demonstrations, sit-ins and marches to achieve fundamental rights and lead a dignified life. In between, they also attempted to gehrao the civil secretariat leading to clashes between them, including women and children, and the police. But nothing came out of their efforts. Every political party active in Jammu province exploited them but did nothing for them. It was just a lip service. They even approached the Supreme Court but with no result. The Supreme Court left the matter to the discretion and judgment of the state government. The state government did appoint a committee during the regime of Ghulam Nabi Azad to look into their grievances but the committee did not recommend citizenship rights for these hapless refugees. The committee simple recommended that each refugee family be given some financial relief subject to the condition that the amount would not exceed Rs. 200,000. The committee made this recommendation knowing it full well that they had been fighting for citizenship rights and not for money. Some of the members of the Prime Minister’s Working Groups belonging to Jammu province also raised their issue and demands in their respective Working Groups, but the chairmen of the said groups did not do anything in order to redress their grievances, notwithstanding the fact that it was a human issue. On the contrary, one particular Working Group made recommendation after recommendation aimed at appeasing, pleasing and rehabilitating Kashmiri militants, surrendered or otherwise, with honour.
However, we wanted to respond to her signals and so she started recreational gymnastics in September. She has responded with such passion that it is hard to credit it. When I take her to hockey she just goes with the flow, her Irish dancing is more fun than anything else but she loves gymnastics. From daybreak to sunset she does tumbles, cartwheels, handstands, swings, splits and bridges. Not only that but our other two girls started to copy her so we get our three girls doing their moves on the training mat.
I got to thinking, why couldn't I just make my own? I have increditape and I have vintage ledger paper. So I set about making my own. I thought I'd post a little walkthrough of what I did.
Perhaps you may want to try out some examples of such a beer. One such specimen is Abita Pecan Harvest Ale, from Abita Brewing Co. in Louisiana. It is widely distributed in Texas, so pick up a sixer and taste it for yourself. The brewery has this to say about its pecan-flavored offering, according to a press release:
Now, this process cannot continue ad infinitum...iron is the limit. This is simply because any fusion reaction of atoms iron-sized or larger is actually *endothermic*. It doesn't give off energy as all the previous reactions do, but actually requires energy to continue. As a result, there's no longer any internal energy to push outwards against gravity's compression inwards, and the star begins to collapse.
So one day in late August, sweaty and blistered and limping after running for miles, I made a decision. It was a revelation, really. I was free. I had no ties, no responsibilities other than my cats and my house. And here was the ouch: I was the only one keeping myself in my cage. So I raided my savings account, bought a plane ticket, contacted some friends I'd made during the first trip and started planning. I asked my courageous and dear friend Ursula to house-and-kitty sit for me. I left right after playing for a wedding and would return 17 days later, just in time to play for another wedding.
* I stamped a wonderful text at the bottom of the card en embossed it with the same powder again.
Hello and HAPPY Mother's Day for those who celebrate it today. We had a pretty awesome and quiet day and visited both our mums all afternoon.
Me: It’s about to be Ducktales in this bitch!
(the gopher keeps eating them) this a.m.,
This formula is more creamy-powder than it is powdery-powder, if you know what I mean.
Wooden carved penises; imagine giving one as a present to royalty or an agéd relative who ain’t seen cock since her husband died 20 years previous.
Much to my husband's chagrin I like to carry on a lot of things onto the airplane. He is good to go with his book and ipod, I have a mini version of what I use every single day all packed into one bag. Or two. Usually I end up overflowing into his carry on :) Most of these things would fit in a decent size tote bag that could double as your small carry on. I like to reserve the other carry on for at least a days worth of clothing, just in case.
I'm pretty set in my musical tastes but this 21 year old ozzie has really resonated with me.....
a body just can't hold all this beauty.
This tutorial will only deal with establishing self-signing certificates and authorities. While it is true that a third-party certificate provides some added security in the real world, it is only really required when performing on-line commerce. In our case, we chose to use self-signed certificates because 1) we really only needed the encryption feature, 2) third-party certificates are expensive, and 3) there is no LAW that says we have to use third-party certificates.
Have you found what’s wrong with them yet? Have you diagnosed my decease?
it being the second full week of school but it
Outside the toilet, someone approaches Jake, and Jake calls him "Candyman". As Helen obliviously keeps snapping pictures, the bathroom door opens, but it's not Candyman who enters, it's a quartet of local gang members. They beat the crap out of her, then leave her there for Jake to find.
An action film doesn’t need to have intelligence (although that can be a pleasant plus) in order to be successful. For those looking for entertainment that doesn’t require a great deal of mental investment, this is definitely the way to go. It’s got great stunts and fights, high tech gadgets that would make Q Division green with envy, sexy women, hunky men and international intrigue – not to mention exotic locations. There may be no casinos here but the spirit of James Bond is alive and well with this franchise – and with the Bond franchise as well, thankfully. Spy movie fans are certainly living in the best of times.
Second, many people think that QE 3 of one sort or another will take place after the election, but we should take the Fed at its word that the prospects for QE will actually turn on economic events and conditions in the U.S. and to a lesser extent on what happens in Europe, not on political calculations, which are not the Fed’s purview.
Life During Wartime
Figure 3: Top Five Global Clothing, Footwear, Accessories and Luxury Goods Retailers by Revenue (US$ Million), 2006–2010
Happy National Scrap Booking Day ! There is so much going on in blog land and You tube, it is so much fun to see ideas from everyone...
As is the case with all of Lompoc's release parties, there will be complimentary appetizers to nosh while imbibing. Lompoc will release seven more holiday beers at a release party on November 29, and its Hanukkah beer, 8 Malty Nights, on December 14. For more information, visit www.newoldlompoc.com.
My favorite story about my mother??
TJ - 56' 9.5" - Keith Connor, SMU - '81
After they left the contractions increased in intensity, but not regularity. I can’t shut off my analytical brain during labour and wondered if the irregularity might be caused by baby being in a bad position. At the 39 week antenatal the day before he’d been hanging out in an undesirable position so I’d been trying to encourage him to move. I was having to stop and get on all fours and breathe through contractions by this point. I texted my doula to let her know stuff might be happening, but that it was still early days. We started setting up the birth space, Lloyd was feeling nervous and I was still thinking it might peter out. I commented that at least if it did we’d get a practice run of setting up.
where the treasure is buried.
She called while driving home, to tell me she was okay even though she’d had a flat and had to change it herself. Late Sunday night and no place was open, so she managed even though it was dark and no one else was around to help. Good thing she knew how to change a tire. I would’ve been calling 3A for help, waiting in my car.
The “generous hand” is another feature that crops up in Beckett. In First Love the male narrator, having moved in with the prostitute Anna, settles down to a life of being taken care of:
Gunther lean back and put his arms akimbo. “Fuck no, man.” He cocked his head. In a hushed voice, he asked, “What do you want to know?”
I am hoping to find some time this weekend to start filling the cubbies with baskets and toys so the kiddos can start using their space again, so stay tuned for more progress next week!
i'm reading delillo's underground right now,
The Boy took this photo. He did a nice job, didn't he? He says I look like Ginger Rogers with dark hair.
(Some of you have asked to see my wedding dress. I'd love to share it, but I'm keeping it a secret from Carolina Man! Feel free to email me at thenonstudent@gmail.com if you want a picture.)
"Write it," I felt like I heard.
Below is another pendant I created.
That's more than fair. Romney's habitual dishonesty certainly deserves to be taken more seriously, and the fact that a likely major-party presidential nominee had no qualms about lying to a room full of reporters -- most of whom, presumably, knew when Romney wasn't telling the truth -- underscores an unsettling degree of brazenness. He seems to tell falsehoods with confidence that there will be no consequences.
So, last week was our PRE opening party which in my opinion was a smashing success! Here’s a picture taken by Ken Abhalter from Leigh and Christopher (who did our awesome sign on the building!):
Thus is there a pensive re-examination of faith even among fervent believers in nuclear power. Theoretical argument is one thing; the sight of one of the world’s most efficient and advanced populations struggling to cope with a nuclear emergency gives an entirely different aspect to the matter. The slightest chance that huge centers ofpopulation might not just be devastated, but rendered unlivable for hundreds of years, alters the mental odds-making completely, as well it should.
My wife didn’t go outside today
The court heard he crashed into an oncoming Ford Focus in Western Avenue, Herne Bay, before skidding into a parked car belonging to city council officer Lyn McDaid.
The iPhone app, Nike+GPS, joined me as always, but I didn’t set any time or distance goals, seeing as I wasn’t sure of the distance of the trail and I didn’t want the “pressure” of completing the set goal tonight. I just wanted to run and did I ever try! Slowing many times along the ups and downs of the dusty trail contributed to my overall pace being slower than usual. On the flip side, however, I jogged the majority of 6.17Km at a pace of 8’36″/km with a total time of 53min 8sec; not too terrible for all the hills and my screaming calves. The funny thing was, I was so focused on my stride, foot strike, posture, breathing, the music, scenery, surroundings and attempting to run through the burn, I barely kept track of how many times I actually slowed the pace to give my legs a break. I know it was quite a many times, but never for more than a minute before I bumped up to a light jog again.
These items have never been used! We bought them for a photo shoot and never used them.
Cupboard
I am so excited for her, but at the same time a little sad that she is going to be living on her own, and not be able to see her every single day :(
Homemade firearms are capable of inflicting a deadly wound at close range.
Enter the State Theatre Laneway via George Street, opposite the QVB. The entrance is to the right of Lowes - look for the $10 Men's Haircut sign in red.
The paper that I used was Abby Road by My Minds Eye.
No. I’m not going to tell. Not yet anyway. My writerly paranoia is rampant at the moment and I’m not willing to share this brilliance until closer to publication day.
in the hope that it will eventually thicken up.
The vodka drinking duo swallowed 1.5 litres of the clear spirit before heading towards Sea World in Sydney. The hung over pair woke up a different kind of “bird” then they might have expected they tried to feed the penguin bread and put it in the shower.
"Jackson! How long was that carton in your backpack?!"
But, Koodankulam’s residents and their neighbors have begged to differ with the authorities. Their movement (there have been local agitations against the Koodankulam plant long before Fukushima), which the government has tried to ignore, belittle, slander and disrupt, is now engaged in a peaceful protest that has caught the attention of the world. According to PMANE (People’s Movement Against Nuclear Energy), some 9000 people are engaged in a sit in, with several hundred on an indefinite fast. PMANE is now starting a ‘Respect India‘ campaign along the lines of Gandhi’s ‘Quit India’ movement of 1942. A line from their crisp indictment of India’s development mania says it all, ”As a result of our ruling class’s nuclear madness, our land, water, air, sea, sea life, sea food and food security will all become spoiled and poisoned.”
A year and a day since leaving the UK, Sarah and I have our long-longed-for 457 Visas to live and work in Australia.
-I wish it had a section on each recipe where it says total time it takes to make the dough. Also, I love how King Arthurs Flour has a symbol on their recipes where a dough needs to rest overnight. I think all cookbooks should do that.
NOTE: I've read that it's safe to use tea cups (which makes a pretty presentation) as the pot de creme is baked in water, at a temperature. I'm not that daring, as my tea cups are heirlooms. Set the ramekins on a clean kitchen towel, in a roasting pan and the oven should be preheated to 325F.
"It is clear that this type of corruption has become endemic and that we need urgent intervention by the Department," Mike Walters, DA spokesperson.
Bess Crawford is at it again: taking on a mystery she didn’t ask for, but that just won’t let her rest. Her investigation is complicated by the Spanish flu, lots of travel back and forth between England and France, a Yankee soldier who keeps turning up like a bad penny (at least he’s endearing), and a vicious killer who’s on her tail. I like Bess and her family more and more, though this plot contained some pretty wild coincidences. To review for the Shelf (out June 5).
Arizona Governor Jan Brewer’s comments can be dismissed. After all, she is what Obama-supporter in good standing Samir Shabazz describes as a “white, dirty cracker whore”:
This is a quick demo on how to use the vanishing point tool in Photoshop. It can be sued to create some great effects. Below is a link to a video that talks you through the steps but I could not get it to imbed as it is off the Adobe Website.
There is something so very sublime about a Saturday morning that contains jazz, coffee, sunshine and the playful romp of the two dogs. After the work week is done, it is nice to wake up without having to rol into that routine. I like to be more or less free of that but I also understand the need for a certain amount of consistency in life. WHAT? Is that wisdom speaking? Have I finally learned the fine art of compromise? Have I really become as pragmatic as I thought I was? I think so, yes. That really isn’t a bad thing. I still got my weekends to low that all to hell. And, much to Kat’s chagrin, I do. She is quite a bit more, shall we avoid the term type A, and use the word, structured. I, well, I don’t even know if there is a letter for my type. Perhaps a series of letters would suffice. Perhaps ADD? Yes, that might fit. I have come to terms with my inability to stay focused on any given project for longer than it takes me to write this post. And even then, I will get up and wander about the house, to the studio and play with paints or camera or tap a few notes out on the keyboard before I am distracted by one dog and wander outside with him or her only to realize that I have left the laptop in a most vulnerable place. Open to the drooling maw of the other doggy. I will rush back in and with a great sigh of relief find said laptop unmolested by that ever so slimy viscous clear fluid which emanates from the pooches over active salivary glands.
That's pretty much the highlights of my trip.Today I was back at work - back to all the DRAMA. GAH!
2. "Awe, a boy and a girl!" - nope wrong! Why do you assume I have one of each when both my girls are dressed in pink? One time I had giant bows on their heads too, I turned to the woman and said, "Yes, I put a orange bow on my son's head!"
Yesterday marked the 6th anniversary of my dad’s passing. Needless to say, it was a rough one. Not because I miss him or because he was taken away from us too early, but because he never had a chance to be the man I knew he could be.
salt -as per taste
Having a credit card takes a lot of management, because if you don’t pay them on time each month, you’ll get charged fees and end up with higher interest rates. That is why this is only recommended to those that can manage their payments on time and understand what the consequences are if you don’t.
The beginning of a good story starts with tension and conflict, but generally only hints at the problem to come.
Other important languages which was created outside these time period are: (1) Pascal – 1970, (2) C – 1972, (3) Prolog – 1972, (4) Smalltalk – 1972, (5) Erlang – 1986, (6) Perl – 1987 and (7) C# – 2001. As you can see, they are very few.
I love short fiction, I love the way stories are so diverse that there is something for almost everyone. I love the way they can be enjoyed in the small pockets of time in my life, snatched between breakfast and work, or at lunchtime, or on the bus or in a waiting room. I love that a small world is contained in only a few brief pages, and we can be taken out of our own world for a brief time, feel something might have changed, or learn something, feel something completely outside of ourselves. And with a good short story it can shake our roots, make us question, unsettle, amaze or make us laugh out loud. And we can carry a whole book load of these moments around with us, get the book out when we want an escape, find odd collections of these experiences inside one cover, but with themes and connections, or an overall journey, or patterns, that if we want to find them are hidden within the different stories.
mentioned that you had amassed a collection of 9 sofas and 65 lamps from flea market and thrift shopping. That's a pretty astounding collection! I'm guessing that many readers of The Vintique Object love to scour for vintage and antique finds too. What advice can you give about making a decision to buy a piece, even if there is no
“I’ll be fine,” she pushed through pursed lips, faltering on the words as her throbbing cheek sketched out the sounds.
Cartridge
If scientists are thinking like theologians, then what sort of "theology" are they operating under? Is it not atheism? Or is it just methodological naturalism, the practice of searching only for natural causes? If that’s the case, then the goal of science is not necessarily the pursuit of truth. Naturalism could very well be false and the mutliverse theory the sort of thing that would be true if naturalism is (wrongly) assumed to be the case. But even if the mutliverse theory really is the case, it does not necessarily eliminate the need for fine-tuning because it is possible that the conditions for generating universes have to be finely tuned themselves. It is plausible to suppose that at some point, a first cause lies behind it all.
Avoid foods that will bring bad luck, such as chickens. Poultry scratches backwards which will cause one to dwell on the past or regret. Fowl, like good luck, could also fly away. Be careful of shrimp and lobster on this day as they too move backwards leading to setbacks.
oh yes the dreaded "how can I get a decent pic" dilemma that comes with making easel cards...
Compared with those natural beauties in Thailand, there are a group of transsexual women beauties because of their extremely dainty face, delicate skin and gorgeous figure. They are more amorous. Moreover, there is a annual beauty contest of transsexual persons. Pretty and young, they sashay across the stage, answer questions and perform dances. You will not think that they are originally male.
“That would be the best possibility.”
TRAI will be specifying the min. number of channels that each Indian cable operator will have to show bit.ly/KF3TEl
Side note: I give people a lot of rope before freaking out. I'm no cold fish, either. I am quite possibly the most affectionate and touchy/feely person I know amongst my friends. I have no issue whatsoever with physical contact between myself and those in my circle.
McDermott said he has been urging his colleagues to take a fresh look at poverty. The new report showed that the ranks of the American poor soared to their highest level in half a century in 2009. Meanwhile, millions more are existing just beyond the poverty line, which is about $22,000 a year for a family of four.
5. When beans are done, pick out the onion. Send onion to compost pile. (You do have one, right?)
She doesn’t recognize me yet, so I turn away, pick something up and ask how much they want for it. She repeats that its not a Garage sale. I pick something else up and look at it and say “Ya’ll really don’t have much good stuff here”.
Alumni are defined as “graduates of the University programmes of Education and Training of at least one year leading to a certificate, diploma or degree.” Aga Khan University (AKU) in Pakistan and East Africa includes graduates of:
And you wish you went home, days ago
I love you. I've loved you from the first moment that the doctor surprised me with the news that you were growing within me and I got to see the pure, unadulterated look of joy on Dad's face when I shared the news with him.
The texture Buckwheat Butter Cookie with chocolate chip is crunchy. It has a lovely nutty taste to it. I knew I brought some cocoa nibs but I just couldn’t locate them! (these are the moments I wish my helper will not touch my stuff). She always ended up re arranging my stuff and she can’t remember where and I can’t find it. Arrrgghh!
Seeing as Owen's two favorite shows right now are Elmo, which Owen dressed as last year, and Mickey Mouse Clubhouse we decided Owen would love being Mickey Mouse. That is where the planning started. For trunk or treat we wanted the whole family to dress up so we decided that Mommy would be Minnie, Daddy would be Goofy, and Benson would be Donald Duck. Owen as so excited and would talk about it all the time. He knew who everyone was going to be and he would request that Ryan do the Goofy laugh often. Well, as you probably know Disney costumes are outrageously priced so I set out to make them. Here is what we came up with. I will say by the time we got to Ryan's costume for Goofy I was pretty much out of creativity so he suffered a bit, but all in all I think we looked pretty good. Owen absolutely loved his tail and if he couldn't see it at the moment he would ask where it went. It was so cute. The first time he tried his costume one he was a crazy man, running around saying, "Miska, Mouska, Mickey Mouse" and "Oh Toodles", those are lines from the show. It was a fun night and it was so fun to watch Owen getting more involved in the holiday. He is really catching on and today he can't wait for trick or treating, he knows that means candy:)
This article was brought to you by Slog Spot the Ball Random Bollocks, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bollockslog Enterprises. In case you missed it, the conclusion I draw from the content is that the authorities are all over the place, business is engaged in an orgy of blinkered greed, ratings agencies can’t be trusted, and I’d rather invest in the Venusian Klop than the American Dollar. But I appear to be in something of a minority.
I spent the afternoon and evening of the 18th weeding my front garden. It was relaxing, until my back begged me to stop. Is there a way to garden without my back suffering for it? I meant to take pictures as soon as I was done weeding, but then it was dinner time and after that too dark. The next day was my birthday and I forgot. Yesterday, my head hurt so bad I wanted to cry. Since my birthday on the 19th my son and I have come down with some sort of bug. The little guy was worse off than I was, but he is sleeping and recovering now. I am feel much better now.
On Sunday morning, when I wanted to bake cookies, Primo got all, "Whoooooo!" because he thinks the kitchen will turn into a big mess and it's soooo stressful. "There will be dishes all over!" he said. "How can I relax?'
They chose Sebastian Shaw to be the main villain. It was a good choice. Aside from Magneto, he’s one of the most prevalent villains in the X-Men ‘verse. Kevin Bacon cracks me up. He’s so good at being a snarky little shit. He doesn’t disappoint here even though it’s a little bizarre seeing him as a Nazi.
If this sounds like you, you’ll probably get a kick out of the book This Day In Music: An Everyday Record of 10,000 Musical Facts by Neil Cossar. The book is divided into a page a day, and on each page are listed all the musicians who were born on that day, and all the interesting events and facts that occurred on that day as well, all accompanied with photographs, newspaper clippings, and other various visual material.
“No,” said Chris. “It just means you have things to do here. You’re not ready yet. We had things to do, and I guess we’re done.”
Admittedly I’m not totally comfortable as an oncoming cyclist to see another cyclist on their bike with a dog running along on leash. It must be a well-trained dog to trot along side for the cyclist to toodle along. Or a better idea for long distances that might tire a dog and if the cyclist is a strong distance rider, to plop the dog in a basket or bike trailer for a bike ride.
100 Double Unders for time: 100 Untimed
Lewis Richmond
Despite being a global superstar, however, she still held on to her love for ecclectic fashion.
Residents and Councillor Flower are also concerned that the proposals refer to the area as ‘remote’ when around 15,000 people live in Verwood.
So with seeing this sunset, I thought I'd write a poem about it. I didn't realise until the moment I finished it that it was prayer, the sensation I got writing it was just incredible! What I wrote was so true, so simple, that it connected me to my Lord. Feeling that connection was something I haven't felt for a long time, the connection you get when He lets you know He hasn't left you. The feeling I get when I'm at summer school was the same feeling I got through this poem - that 'high' feeling where you are totally in awe and in love with the Lord and you feel it back. I have to be honest, it's not something I feel all the time. It's not something you will feel all the time. Faith is a blind thing most of the time, but God does confirm it to time to time. Sort of saying "don't worry, I'm still here, you're doing great keep it up.'
Tony Banks - keyboards, guitar, backing vocals
Facebook is (in and of itself) a unique attention market.
1) The type where they take a proper break. There will be much coffee and a tray of nice things from the wee cafe, and the consultants will try to persuade you to take just one more cake. I have come across only one such clinic (and liked it so much that I went back five times).
The quotes I think attempt to show that the original Lord Ruler struggled in the beginning and may have been a semi-decent man. This leads me to wonder what went wrong when he assumed power. Why the incessant need to control the masses by destroying everything they knew and forcing them to believe in the Lord Ruler and his form of religion or way of life.
Anwaar: I am staying. I am going with them so that I can speak to the king.
PLUSES - I love the You're the Ump on the card back. One of the best card back features of all time. I generally like the card front with a couple of exceptions detailed below. I like the full player name on the back as well. Middle names are always fun.
I went to sleep very late last night and I was counting on the fact that, since I had no pressing issues to attend to, I could sleep in. No, that was not to be. I woke up after a few hours to go to the bathroom and that's when I heard it...the siren call of my garden begging for attention. Try as I might I could not go back to sleep. When she calls me, I must answer. Where I intended nothing more than to water the garden, She would not have it. She had been patient long enough, suffering through my extended periods of busyness wherein I could not tend to her. It was time to dress her up for the summer and She wanted me to lay out her clothes.
with wholeness
MM: They’re Jewish.
MM: He’s probably only taller than you cause of his stupid bright yellow Jew-fro.
Broc and the kids have obligations and quite frankly don't want to drive across the country so they will be flying in and we'll all meet up there. Brenna is headed back up to Northern California for a couple of weeks (and then will be Home for a while!),Logan needs to get home so he can drive up to Vermont for Not Back To School Camp, and Broc's vacation will be over and he'll be headed back to work.
We also went on a great hike to Inspiration Point. We encountered quite a bit of snow on the trail which we were not expecting.
2) Even when you get hurt, you have to keep going. Katniss just ran through fire. FIRE. And her leg is burnt but oh no, now she has to outrun a pack of Neanderthals and then climb a tree and what’s that? Now you’re going to shoot arrows at her? Even when you get hurt in the dating business, you have to keep moving and keep going. Succumbing to the pain is only going to make matters worse (i.e. Hunger Games death, boom).
important to avoid all news programs as they do much more harm to your
Submit captions for the cartoon from The New Yorker listed above.
I added a few little extras to this card. I put a little icing on my cupcakes by lining the top with Crystal Effects. I also created scrunchy ribbon with the thread pulling technique for the first time on this card. It is definitely going to be my go-to method for scrunchy ribbon from now on. It is so quick and easy! Mary's 1 Minute to Wow video at Stampin' Pretty is super helpful if you haven't tried this technique before. I snipped off the thread I was pulling to scrunch the ribbon and tied it through the So Saffron button.
It shall be scandalous, risque in truest form
A rampage towards the end is amusing, as is a rubbish voodoo witch character (Ali). Some of the dialogue is unintionally funny (the line "work, work, work candy bar. Work, work, work, hot dog" particularly cracked me up) as are the actors' deliveries. Satan Claus boasts the least passionate "you fucking son of a bitch" ever committed to film. A man delivers a desperate monologue on the evils of vigilante justice (yes, he says the phrase "judge, jury and executioner") that's so bad it had me hoping somebody would go all vigilante justice in his face with a shotgun.
As I have stated many times before, I absolutely love fall! Not just for the fashion, but for the food and of course the weather. About this time of year, I find myself craving apple and pumpkin everything. I have been known to eat an entire pumpkin pie (for which I make no apologies and feel absolutely no shame) and I am a firm believer that a glass of apple cider a day keeps the doctor away. I don't know if everyone has access to honey crisp apples, but they are ridiculously delicious so do yourself a favor and track some down. Be forewarned that once you try a honey crisp - YOU WILL NEVER GO BACK. If your not a believer in the pumpkin spice latte I feel so very sorry for you, because it's a little taste of heaven.
Fragmentation also continues to be an issue, according to Gartner. For example, the use of different GPUs (graphic processor units) makes life difficult for games developers.
to speak of this warm winter;
Prabhupada: He manufactured his idea. Therefore he’s a rascal. Therefore he’s a rascal. Nitai has become an authority?
The closing short poem ‘Better’ evokes a dawn where the ‘sun /cracks the whole day/ onto a plate, / yoke stunning itself / in a rich clear mass / of promises. This is as rich a dish of plenty to end the book on as any.
On Moeder Lambic Fontaines itself, I had mixed opinions while I sat there. The staff are certainly good and attentive enough that you can get what you want, and can ask questions if needed. It strikes me as a great place for locals and regulars to meet (there was much male cheek-kissing going on) and it had a nice buzz as the evening went on. For the solo tourist, it felt a little soulless at times, but for the beer geek it’s a good stop on the Brussels beer circuit. Oh, but do eat somewhere else first, as the food offerings are thin and more snacky. Not bad for some impromptu beer-soakage though!
"Don't be silly"
So with no pattern (as evident from the photos!) we began cutting fabric. Fabric she had picked out of my stash. We almost got the entire skirt sewn before bedtime. This morning we put the elastic in the waist and it was complete.
They mentioned trying peer review. They had one case get approved under peer review, but when it got billed the insurance ended up denying it anyway. They are still working on that case. So that doesn't sound promising.
I have been stuck between couples, best friends, colleagues, even my mom and sister. Yes I should have learnt my lesson and kept mum, kept my opinions to myself but that’s an art I’ll never be able to master even on my death bed. So invariably, I become the bad guy all because I may just have an opinion that’s not pleasing to either side.
The Live Episode
Cool the coconut milk slightly, romove the pod and add the gelatine one at a time mixing (or whisking) thoroughly.
April: (mocking) "that's your opinion."
Alice walks down the immaculately paved path along a tiered carpark, tears careening down her face. It's like some disease she doesn't recognise. Three times this has happened and she doesn't know why but this time it's different. She did nothing wrong, wasn't contentious as she draws her sunglasses from her bag and begins to sob and rationalise what's happened.
The Irreducible Structure of the “Primitive” Eye
I stitched it a few months ago when I was on an over 1 stitching kit, and I just love how it turned out. It's really much prettier and more delicate in person, and for some reason, my finishing looks a little lumpier in the photo than it does in real life. But overall, I was pleased with how it came out.
Indycar’s engine rule’s combine the worst of both worlds. They include a mileage limit before being changed or else come with a 10 spot grid penalty and teams are also limited to 5 changes per season. For hard to explain reason’s instead of having engines reserved for testing the race engines are used and thus, testing comes out of the limits. Because of these rules Bourdais, as well as the entire Chevrolet camp, will have to start 10 spots back of wherever they qualify for Long Beach. I could write a long article about the problems with engine limits (which I may do when I have more time, but for a brief overview, look at Ducati’s MotoGP program) and I could write about the general failure of cost cutting measures in racing (RE: COT) but instead I can sum up the problem in Indycar really quickly. Indycar has set up a situation where the championship could be impacted or even decided based on the engine limits and engine changes, maybe even due to testing. That’s a major problem.
Just like any other addiction, food addiction needs to be taken seriously. Going through a twelve-step program, talking to your doctor, or attending inpatient treatment are all possible course of action for getting your addiction under control.
Peter said to Simon, “Repent therefore of this wickedness of yours, and pray to the Lord that, if possible, the intent of your heart may be forgiven you. For I see that you are in the gall of bitterness and the chains of wickedness.” I pray that wickedness will be removed from all of us, and we are forgiven. I pray that the Holy Spirit indwell in all of us and fill us with the power of God to show forth His mercy and grace to all.
Geronimo Stilton fans will enjoy the new historic topic and the added information that makes this series the wonderful and thought provoking series that it is. Filled with mystery, suspense and educational information, children will love what this book has to offer.
For more fantastically-styled photos that make you want to hop in the kitchen and whip up some yummy sweets, jet over to Colin Cooke's portfolio. I just spent about half an hour pouring over his delectable work. Great inspiration for original wedding h'or douvres, favors, sweets, etc.
Since myself and my 4 siblings are scattered about, we don't all get together very often at the same time. So we definitely knew if we could all make it that would be a surprise in and of itself.
I spent lots of time in front of that peat fire, wrapped up in Irish wool,
But what about penmanship? Long division? The branches and levels of government? Linnaean taxonomy? Moby Dick? These things, if they will be valuable to them, will all come in good time. If they want to go to college (and I sincerely hope they do), there will be time and opportunity for study, selection, and preparation. College prep has various avenues: high school, prep school, community college, and independent (but targeted) study. The admission process usually involves extra essay/interview steps for kids without transcripts, but I've read many times that admissions officers generally consider homescholars a good addition to the student community, and a decent bet for retention and academic success.
