King Solomon: Will someone bring me a sword? NOW!……Thank you. Now, sir, take the sword and divide the living child in two. Give half to Mona, and half to Lena.
and I am just another tired elephant
I bought one hoodie for Matt to wear and the other to cut out my pieces. Using a cardboard box (Matt also happens to be a Cheerios fiend, so we have plenty of boxes around the house), draw out whatever ear shape you want...make sure it's a little bigger than you want to allow for seams.
Something else is driving me mad; it was MINUS 45 today in Regina.
Book Club will be held today!! See you after school in the library on Tuesday!
The U.S. Department of Education Office of Postsecondary Education’s Underground Railroad Educational and Cultural (URR) Program has awarded BHS $936,000; and the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) has awarded $400,000 to the program, which was originally announced last year....
We don’t just want this to be about us, though. We’d love to hear your views of things you’ve read, and it needn’t just be about books. Magazines, websites (blogs!), newspapers, anything that has made you think and talk. Just get in touch and tell us all about it.
This is the shade I was given, Honey Medium 3-4. It’s a pretty good match for my NC30-35 I have to say. But then again this powder applies rather translucently so I’d probably get away with a shade lighter/darker too.
It's been a crazy few weeks at Lucky Penny as we start into our wedding season. We're working hard on event details and cannot wait to see our events pulled together in the coming months!
If I’m out for dinner somewhere I usually my favourites, or if it’s a new place I’ll find something on the menu that falls under the category of my comfort foods: Thai Peanut Curry (with sticky rice) from Thai Coconut, Chicken Shawarma from Montfort; Chipotle Sirloin from Canyon Creek, Pulled Pork Entree, mac & cheese and a tea biscuit from Memphis Fire BBQ.
Bronze: Belgian Summer Ale, Great Adirondack Brewing Co., Lake Placid, NY
But all is not lost, and I pray Americans can begin to change through a better understanding and appreciation of our local & national histories…..as well as our global one. At the American History Guild, we urge citizens to identify, respect and preserve the indigenous and vernacular character of your community. And incorporate that distinctiveness into your new projects.
Laura Alvarado, 24, founder of Alvarado Gallery – and a practising artist – intends to curate exhibitions that utilise, rather than mask, the original use of the buildings.
It is sometimes said that soldiers, prostitutes, and cops have one thing in common: they all they need to remain emotionally detached to do their job. Chief Detective Michael Joseph is losing that detachment, and it terrifies him.
So please give a warm welcome to Shannon our newest Thirteener!
It is worth pointing out that different types of crime, and different types of criminal, will prove more amenable to being solved and identified respectively through different combinations of the sweeps. Burglary is a crime which is notoriously unresponsive to police investigation. Often one hears stories of the UK police barely taking the crime seriously at all. Frustrated homeowners ask attending officers (when those officers bother to turn up at all) what the chances of catching the burglar are, only to be met with shrugs of indifference. Though I sympathize with the rage people manifest in response to what they see as the indifference of officialdom, let us consider the problem in the context of the top-down and bottom-up scanning mechanisms.
From that one girl, and life is
All unaware of what was too unfold.
Sure Thing: Brad Pitt (Lead Actor), Aaron Sorkin, Steven Zaillian, and Stan Chervin (Adapted Screenplay); Best Bet: Picture; Possible: Bennett Miller (Director), Jonah Hill (Supporting Actor), Editing
Next you spring a leak in the adjacent parlor ceiling…2 feet from your ugly chandelier… tracing it to the water lines behind your upstairs sink .. meaning you must rip out another wall… I will be helpful and tell you now to put down that little sheetrock saw your holding and grab a hammer and a prybar instead. That wall you are getting ready to demolish is 1/2 inch sheetrock, 1/2 inch of 100 yr old plaster and 1/4 inch wood lathing. When you rip all that out ( being extremely careful not to puncture any water pipes ) it will look very much like this
Talon is a timecaster—one of a select few peace officers who can operate a TEV—the Tachyon Emission Visualizer—which allows the user to record events (most specifically, crimes) that have already happened. Violent crime is at an all-time low and there hasn’t been an unsolved murder in seven years. So Talon has little to do except give lectures to school kids—and obsess about his beloved wife’s profession as a licensed sex partner.
British Born Greer Garson was a major MGM star in the 40’s and 50’s and was discovered by MGM head Louis B. Mayer on the London stage. Mayer offered Garson a contract with MGM.
We should listen to our bodies and know when to push, and know when to take a break.
And now? Getting an accurate handle on the numbers three years on is difficult. A census is a snap shot at a moment in time. In between there are annual census estimates, but these are just estimates. That for April 2008 showed a further increase in population to 4,422,000, indicating continued high levels of immigration. . A further census estimate is due to be published later this year and is awaited with interest. It is expected to show immigration slowing down , as the economy declines and may also indicate that many of the recent arrivals have left again. But large numbers have stayed and put down roots, while newcomers continue to arrive in considerable numbers. A sea-change is taking place in the ethnic make up of the island’s population, on a scale not seen for at least 400 years.
Let me talk about my own experience. Usually I choose books based on one of these five criteria: I know the author; I've read the author before; someone has recommended it (whether it be someone I know, or reviews I trust); I've seen a television or film version; I've come across the novel by accident and liked the sound of it. Now, as far as I'm concerned, the cover only comes into play if I select a book based on the latter. If I'm browsing through a bookshop, I might glance at a cover pick it up and read the blurb; if I like the sound of the blurb, then I might turn to the first page and start to read, or perhaps read a few pages at random.
Nice, sweet, pretty, clammy, snotty, hardcore, punk with some beefed up guitars. Nice overlooked item of the time. Here's what MRR had to say, back in the day:
Metal zig zag hangers or ribbon to hang your letters (keep in mind, they can also be displayed on a shelf, so you can skip this step)
this is kenny. he was at the 16th street baptist church during the bombing. he was 14. he wasn't super near where the bomb blew apart the walls but he was in the church and got blown a couple feet. he told me that the street was blocked off and that the police were not allowing ambulances near. his father was at the church too and later took him to a hospital to get checked out. he was not hurt, just very shaken up he said. he is homeless. i gave him $5 b/c he said he was hungry. he is training to be a tour guide at the civil rights institute. (i wasn't totally shocked b/c i was talking to a worker at the bbking museum and we got talking about alabama and he said another visitor told him about being at a birmingham museum where his guide was a homeless guy.) i asked him if an agency was helping him to find housing and i think the sum of his answer was "sort of." there are some new places about 1/2 way built that he thinks he will be eligible to get into. he said he is still in touch w/people he demonstrated with as a teenager. black and white he told me. he was sure to tell me that although bad things happened to him during the civil rights movement he never gave up.
In reality, anyone is entitled to buy a domain name that has yet to be registered at any time. Were someone really in the process of buying these domain names, a legitimate domain registration company would not delay them.
never got in the race
It was in the latter role that McCarey worked on this film, based on a play by Laurel's father, Arthur J. Jefferson. Stan and Ollie play a pair of tramps on the run from park rangers who want to draft them to help fight a raging forest fire. They flee into an empty mansion (the owner is on vacation) and set up residence, only to be forced to pose as owner and butler when prospective sub-letees arrive to tour the place. When the real owner, a blustery madman of a hunter who looks like a psychotic Teddy Roosevelt, shows up, chaos reigns. Eventually, the boys end up at the fire, whipped into the air by an overpowering fire hose in a brief, beautiful image of freedom and karmic punishment.
A girl in every town
“It came about as a choice and not an epiphany; the questions I had did not magically disappear,” he explained. “But kneeling beneath that cross on the South Side of Chicago, I felt God’s spirit beckoning me. I submitted myself to His will, and dedicated myself to discovering His truth.”
kisses her sweetly
1 package Samoa Cookies (optional)
I’ve been counting down the days to this. Not that thunderstorms, tigernut cocktails and weekend stays at oceanside eco lodges haven’t kept me busy – my stay in Ghana has been a fascinating combination of experiences both new (opening a coconut with a machete) and surprisingly normal (watching too many episodes of “The New Adventures of Old Christine” while dogsitting for a friend). But I’m not here just to drive around with locals to chop bars with dancehall music blaring out the open windows to join in the cacophony of Accra streets. Certainly part of the fun, but not the goal.
19 Click on the first (and only) keyframe of the actions layer to select it.
by Juan Cole
7) I asked for chestnut mushrooms but they send porcini…might as well just eat out of the damn dustbin.
Other sources would be books and articles and identifying colleagues at other companies that have had a lot of inter-cultural experience.
Gravity acts on unschooled kids the exact same way it does on schooled kids. Do Not Enter doesn't mean Do Not Enter Unless You're Unschooling. A hit from an unschooled child hurts just as much as a hit from a schooled child.
5. Maps - Valium In The Sunshine (4:23)
It is not that everyone would be able to go to university, only the top students academically would be eligible for a free education. This would particularly affect poorer students because any aberration in their record, no matter how good the reason (i.e., having to take a part-time job to help support the family) would negatively impact their academic record. This would give richer students, students able to focus exclusively on their studies, the edge.
Make your head with heat grow dizzy.
And yes...it's one of my favorite books of the year.
ACLU-MD legislative director Melissa Goemann notes:
“I hope that by bringing people together through the universal experience of birth, we can help create a mainstream maternal health movement that ensures the lives and well-being of mothers worldwide, for generations to come,” said Christy.
I like cleaning
Iceland’s Feldberg turn up the pop and plug in the electronics with Brighton’s XYZ Magazine declaring "If Daft Punk were human, this is what they would sound like." Their single ‘Dreamin’ won them ‘Best Song’ at the Icelandic Music Awards in 2010 and was chosen by French label Kitsuné for its Maison 9 compilation. And they know a tune when they hear it.
Aim upwards, Go fight! Someday, Be Shine!
to free
Instead of saying goodbye
Apologies: Carlos Corteglia the 2012 BNP London Mayoral Candidate, had been invited to speak but had to withdraw we were told, due to a family emergency.
For a reference to my background, I am currently 24, and throughout my whole life, I have never really had money. I haven’t wanted for much until recently, but there has never been a time that my life was ever in danger from not having money. Nevertheless, I have always seen it as important to prepare for anything that could change the way I live and to find a way to do that.
I would sit on your lap on the piano bench and you would play and sing to me.
Expenditure of Public Money
After making sure I was comfortable in the carriage, Father went to fetch his horse. The moment he left, Thor climbed in with me and smiled. He was not alone. To my delight, I saw that Marek wriggled in his arms. The black dog wagged his tail when he saw me and leaned forward to lick my fingers.
Hong Kong is without a doubt the home of the shopping mall and there are enough mid to high end stores around Tsim Sha Tsui in Kowloon and Central/Causeway Bay on Hong Kong Island to satisfy even the most brand conscious shopper – and drive you a little bit crazy too!
And in one little moment
Santorum: My losing to Romney is
b) Be a member of a committee
The Empire State Development Corporation (ESDC) blew off criticisms of alleged high crime in the proposed Atlantic Yards footprint, as I wrote yesterday, describing comments to the authority submitted after the release of the Final Environmental Impact Statement.
I learned that not only was she behind in math (as we suspected) but she wasn't even getting some of the subjects. The upside is that she seems to be rockin' along in "language arts" and reading/ reading comprehension. Her 1-2 grade teacher managed to pound quite a bit into their brains while she had them.
Acts 22:2
Both a big deterrent and a big incentive to studying in Australia is the distance from home. From the west coast of the US to Sydney can take about 14 to 16 hours in a direct flight. From the east coast to Sydney, well, without the layover to the west coast, it’s going to add another 5 to 6 hours. As students, the cheapest options often involve some layovers, pre-arrival airport time of 2+ hours, plus driving to the airport, so it’s no easy feat.
M. Ismael
So what has been going on? Ooh, Henry got his Australian citizenship last Tuesday - got a nifty certificate and everything! I considered taking a photo of Henry with his certificate, but I figured that kind of official document is best kept intact, minus drool and teethmarks.
I kind of started this on a whim and didn't really intend on posting about it so, unfortunately, I don't have any before pictures. Let me just say, it was not a pretty sight. The cabinet under the sink was the worst culprit. Somehow I managed to stuff 13 large towels, 15 small towels, a huge array of partially used cleaning products, a waste basket, and some light bulbs under there. It was always difficult to organize due to the large pipe running through it but I found this great storage shelf at Bed, Bath and Beyond. It is adjustable to fit around the piping and works perfectly.
Britain’s Anthony Browne writes in The Retreat of Reason of how the Politically Correct are more intolerant of dissent than traditional liberals or conservatives, since Liberals of earlier times “accepted unorthodoxy as normal. Indeed the right to differ was a datum of classical liberalism. The Politically Correct do not give that right a high priority. It distresses their programmed minds. Those who do not conform should be ignored, silenced or vilified. There is a kind of soft totalitarianism about Political Correctness.” “Because the politically correct believe they are not just on the side of right, but of virtue, it follows that those they are opposed to are not just wrong, but malign. In the PC mind, the pursuit of virtue entitles them to curtail the malign views of those they disagree with.” “People who transgress politically correct beliefs are seen not just as wrong, to be debated with, but evil, to be condemned, silenced and spurned.” “The rise of political correctness represents an assault on both reason and liberal democracy.” Browne defines Political Correctness as “an ideology that classifies certain groups of people as victims in need of protection from criticism, and which makes believers feel that no dissent should be tolerated.” He also warns that “Good intentions pave the road to hell. The world is not short of good intentions, but it is too often short of good reasoning.”
* thank you aran for such a kind act.
Any way, this is supposed to be about the ‘Sick Chainsaws Unholy Black Forced Warfare’ show, so let’s get on with that.
I’ve always disliked sitting with my legs together. There was something unnatural about it. I just wanted to relax and break the Wag-ka-bumukaka rule, but I never thought about questioning the said rule.
Her possible savior arrives in the form of Zachariah, a male who has removed himself from Estilorian society for more than fifty years. Fighting an unexpected connection to Tate, he must decide whether saving her life is worth destroying his.
Then, you might just experience a severe thunderstorm or tornado warning. When that is issued, it means one of two things, either those conditions have been witnessed by a credible source (SKYWARN spotter or law enforcement) or the radar that the National Weather Service meteorologists are observing is showing an imminent threat. If you are in the path of the storm, this is the time to get below ground, or if no basement is available, an interior room, away from windows. Cover up with a mattress; wear a helmet; put infants and small children in a car seat. Most injuries and deaths from severe weather occur when degree becomes projectile. Stay there until the warning expires.
I’ve finished Assassin’s Creed II earlier today. There isn’t much more to say about how I feel on the game. For that I’ll direct you to my previous blog post on the topic.
Congressman C. W. “Bill” Young and officials from the Department of Energy headquarters in Washington, D.C. and Albuquerque will be in attendance. Significant announcements are expected regarding future Pinellas Plant activities.
EC’s Note: Today marks the first of what I hope will be many guest blog posts from Matt Blake, an absolutely fantastic pitching coach who works out of the cage at Cressey Performance. Matt is way ahead of the curve with what he’s doing, and the results he’s gotten with a lot of our athletes – from high school all the way up to the professional ranks – are nothing short of fantastic. I consider myself tremendously lucky to have him as a resource with whom I can interact every day. Today’s post from him is a bit of an introduction and preview of what’s in store from us in the months to come.
I chose Choice #2, acutely aware that my actual parenting would speak far more than any words I spoke in the classroom. At the same time, I was acutely aware of fear that plagues so many boy-parents: the fear that we will be judged as inadequate or ineffective parents for letting our sons be boys.
Time is growing short and the stakes are getting higher. For the Queen of the Mists has her own agenda, and there are more players in this game than Toby can guess. With everything on the line, she will have to take the ultimate risk to save herself and the people she loves most—because if she can’t find the missing pieces of the puzzle in time, Toby will be forced to make the one choice she thought she’d never have to face again…
John Ewing attended Chouinard Art School in Los Angeles before joining the team at Walt Disney Studios in Burbank. In his eleven years there, he worked on many projects, including Winnie the Pooh and The Jungle Book. In addition to John's illustration work with Dragonpencil, he is also an art professor and an avid flight enthusiast.
Sony UX 90 - Denon DN 770R - Soundblaster X-FI HD - Adobe Audition 3 - TLH Flac level 5
Hey, what are you so ecstatic about Khairy?
Some of the stop motion effects are awfully dated, but Gremlins is still a fun view today. Phoebe Cates in her heyday as Billy’s girlfriend Kate is also a joy to behold. And yes, that is Howie Mandel “voicing” Gizmo. That is also Tom Bergeron as a TV news reporter. Watch for producer Steven Spielberg as a man in an electric wheelchair. But do watch. Gremlins is a sometimes gruesome, but always fun classic
2 c sifted all purpose flour
And so my quest to avoid the Mousy Destiny fate intends for my hair continues. And every time I look up to discover what some overly-chatty hairdresser has done in the process, I can reassure myself that at least hair (like my dignity) will always grow back.
It is Tuesday, which means that I am linking up with SARAH for tickle me Tuesday: A day devoted to all things tickling our fancy this week. Well, as I was looking through my Etsy favorites for my very favorites this week, all I could think about was THE GORGONIST's beautiful pieces of art. I found her shop while looking for Dr. Who art prints and her shop really caught my eye. I just adore the whimsical nature of her art + the incredible detail in each and every print.
6 appearance
More will follow.
In 1977, Ken, Arlene, Bob Wiltermood, and his wife Norma, designed, built, and operated a 2000 case winery named Pommeraie Vineyards. They produced award winning Cabernet Sauvignon and Chardonnay. However, after Bob died, the winery was sold. Ken and Arlene moved to a hilltop in Healdsburg.
Welcome to day 2 of the Inky Impressions Stamps, Snow Much Fun Blog Hop!
It’s happening every one connecting
I liked the tension of Ethan and Merit’s relationship. And I liked the supporting characters. I feel like I was let down by actual character development and the final ending to the relationship/mystery components of the plot. I would have liked to have seen something completely developed in the first book…even if more changes happened in the rest of the series.
IBU: 24-25
a cold bed,
Keep up the good work… or lack thereof.
He comes to know what is beyond the veil.
Not sure how I feel about that, to be honest. On the one hand, it's gorgeous and represents a monumental effort. On the other, it also represents colonialism, opression, and an imported religion. The silver industry has a dark history as well. The Spanish discovered silver in Mexico and mined it voraciously. This was, of course, at the expense of the lives of the native population, who were forced into slavery in the silver mines under terrible conditions. The high amount of silver mined also caused worldwide inflation and economic problems. Today, most of the old mines are closed down.
My focus on Sunday was taking pictures. I had no obligations so I was free to wander about and see what people had to offer. There were fewer people so it was much easier to see things and get around. Breakfast was one of the yummy chicken pot pies and coffee at the 4H booth. The wind wasn't as fierce as the day before but while I ate I still needed to wear my shawl. And there was plenty of people to watch walk by in their knits.
I would also say the language used in the book is terribly poor if I have to think of this as an adult’s book of choice. If it is meant for kids, the language has too much abusive language.
Disclaimer: This book contains graphic sexual encounters and violent scenes. I would not recommend this book if you prefer a more PG13 rated content.
I love my athletic girls!
In a large bowl, using a fork, mash the egg yolks with the mustard and mash in a little of the mayonnaise to a creamy consistency. Stir in remaining mayonnaise, celery, peppers, green onions, pickles and remaining salt and pepper. Grate the egg whites or finely dice and add to the dressing folding to blend.
Wants to delude people into thinking Social Security adds to the National Debt. YES
Put it like this. Here are these scientists telling you probably your children and almost certainly your grandchildren are going to lead screwed-up lives thanks to our carbon emissions, and here are these economists arguing about the monetary value of their screwed-upness. Case closed.
Lamar Smith, the Republican proposer of the law, says that “Sites that host user content—like YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter—have nothing to be concerned about under this legislation”, but of course we know that users often post content they do not create, such as pirated videos and links to pirated videos. This is a common form of sharing and engagement on social media.
One of the worst kept secrets in Barnet is now officially out in the open. I filed a standards complaint against Councillor Brian Coleman in March and the Council Standards sub committee will be discussing it on 10th September at 10am in an open meeting.
This morning, it had been taken down.
4. If you have a certain ideal image, be clear about it and talk to the agency before booking. If you long for an antique-filled garret, or plan to cook for a crowd, or need absolute quiet, say so. Read the customer reviews, paying attention to date of post. We wish we had, because one man had flagged the deficiencies in Apt. #1 with acerbic accuracy.
I hope this overview and comparison of your options for books was beneficial. While these contained personal preferences and observations, there’s no way that these suggestions are comprehensive and relate to everybody. Still, I would suggest you take into consideration what has been said and see if expanding your book library will have a future that contains hard-copies, audiobooks, and eBooks. And remember, DON’T WASTE YOUR BOOKS!
Child becomes mother as mother becomes crone until death and transformation borrow each of us from form and we settle into the expansiveness of space in a field of flowers where all is sweet and then we realize we never left at all.
Crab Mushroom, 1 bowl
I'm down to 74 Twitter followees. Twitter is basically the exact opposite of Facebook. I only follow people I don't know. Or, more specifically, I follow "famous" people. Some celebrities (Tom Hanks, Steve Martin), some comedians (Daniel Tosh, Mike Birbiglia), some athletes (Brandon Phillips, A.J. Green), but mostly, I follow sports personalities (sports writers, announcers). Twitter is great for real-time online conversation. And nothing is more real-time than major sporting events. I have fun interacting with well-known sportswriters. Often, they respond. And I get most breaking news from Twitter. I heard about the deaths of Michael Jackson and Whitney Houston from Twitter. Before full stories are written, Tweets are sent. So, I don't follow anyone I actually know on Twitter because Facebook is better equipped for that type of relationship. I rarely Tweet anything unless I'm Tweeting @ a specific person. #SorryForNotFollowingYouBack
Student: Yeah and strippers. Would we consider them having to purchase ”outfits” as an expense?
Well theres ninety-seven crosses planted in the courthouse yard
How did you get started making components?
I’m Czech.
We are blessed with wonderful family & friends, who have cared for us so lovingly through this. I admit that I burst into tears when my friend Keri walked into the surgical waiting room with a hot coffee & bagel for me, saying that no one should have to sit in that room alone. I think that was the first moment that I felt it was okay to stop being strong and just cry and admit that I had been scared to death.
"I don't like it."
But the park’s former superintendent, Tim Setnicka, who once advocated for the pig eradication program, now says it’s based on propaganda and junk science. Setnicka wrote:
As you know by now, I love toadstools! I painted Emmy's little table to look like one, and just have a little infatuation with their cuteness. So to that tune, I am sharing some toadstool love today in a couple of different places.
4. Call it a limited bottling and perhaps even add numbers to the label or aforementioned box. It doesn’t even matter if it is that truly of limited of bottling.
One of the biggest highlights, though, was EEE's special-feature for the con: a live-action version of the quintessential D&D dungeon, Orc and Pie! With real-life pie as a reward for successful adventurers, it was well worth spending 15 minutes in the dungeon! Plus, who could resist beating up poor Emily, dressed as the hapless orc!
Just SEVEN? Fine. Seven.
But I realized that as long as I was willing to change my thinking, and constantly be aiming towards something great for others, I would have success.
Marion County deputies said there were 74 students on board when the fight erupted. School officials said the bus has capacity for 89 students, if students sit three to a seat.
In taking account of these factors, what logic was applied? Did the delay caused by both events cause the horses to become so difficult to control that the riders could not be blamed? If so, then how can the jockeys have been guilty of the offence(s)? Or did the delay justify in some odd way the jockeys’ behaviour? If the latter is the case, then what is on offer is a post-National dispensation from what the riders were instructed to do pre-National, so no offence there either.
- Controller lock/unlock switch prevents accidental button presses
Tim Macauley
JERUSALEM — Israel's defence ministry has accused a London-based Palestinian centre of "terror-affiliated activities" and being the organisational arm of the militant Islamic Hamas movement in Europe.
Important Details
The discussion of Communist-Muslim alliances in the 1920s by British historian Ben Fowkes cited the cultural affinities of these two traditions: ‘Both shared the concept of jihad, that is, activism; egalitarianism; austerity; history leading to a perfect society; and a revolutionary tradition.’
Today we went to gympa. One of the local gyms has a Parent/Child class that we used to frequent last year. 1/2 hour of "exercises" with the kid and then the parents leave for half an hour or so to exercise themselves. The latter part is newish as before, you could stay and watch the kids. We started going on the recommendation of a few parents at the little man's school.
Tilda colored with Copic sketch marker
On a side note my Mom asked me last night to please update my blog.
Luckily, you can't move so fast in a big fat Buddha suit, nor can you really find anyone at a Mardi Gras ball with maybe 2,000 people dancing. Not to mention, my fiance was holding me back.
Today I have another Cult Nails polish. Manipulative is a light blue with a hint of green, it also has silver and blue shimmer. It's gorgeous, I have a few blues similar to this but Manipulative has a better formula for me and the shimmer just makes me like it even more. I really love these types of polishes, they're perfect for summer!
I've used Regal Rose, Pear Pizazz and Poppy Parade CS, and some beautiful Stampin' Up! rhinestones to add some bling. The sentiment is from the Hostess set 'Afterthoughts' and the digi image is from Pink Cat Designs. The tiny tags in the bottom right corner feature sentiments from the retired US set 'Little Bit of Everything' and I've punched them out using the Jewellery Tag punch.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Roll balls of dough about the size of a walnut then roll in the cinnamon sugar to coat. Place on an ungreased sheet pan 2 1/2 inches apart. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes until puffed up and the surface is slightly cracked. Let cool on the sheet a few minutes then remove to a wire rack to cool.
Moreover, it hurts not only the writer, but also the critic reviewing the book or article in which it occurs, unable to determine whether the guilty party was the author or the typesetter, assuming that such a creature still exists and hasn’t been supplanted by a robot.
So, while I’m listening to audiobooks, my subconscious might be at work, but it’s still not the same as paying conscious attention to what I’m listening to. The only thing I can do at the same time as reading a book is to sit (or lie down), whether at home, outdoors or in a moving vehicle. I like reading on the train, even though I love audiobooks, too. However, the problem with reading on the train is that the train cabin has to be relatively quiet, in order to concentrate. If it’s noisy or someone is having a particularly loud conversation, either on the phone, or with another fellow passenger, then I just can’t read.
Mon: 8:30-9:30 elliptical + nautilus
Hello and a happy Saturday to you all, just a quick post today as we're off out in a mo. Thought I'd show you this lil treat pouch which I've made using one sheet of 12 x 12 BO BUNNY "Abbey Road Dot"paper and the flowers are Petaloo Flora Doodles available from Dies To Die For that the lovely Tracy sent me recently. The label is a stamp by Stampin Up.
”I really just want to color, mom.”
Hope you are all well.
Have you read Skinny Bitch? What did you think of it?
Now as if in some kind of ironic twist of justice, TV broadcast stations are finding a way to profit with low advertising rates and not charge their viewers any monthly fees by putting their shows and commercials on Internet TV. This works for a couple of reasons. First, they now have a worldwide audience for their shows (and commercials). And last but not least, their viewers tend to be much more highly targeted. For example, science fiction fans can watch from 5 to 10 previous episodes of their favorite shows on the Sci-Fi channel (SyFy.com) website for free in HD.
So how can this type of entropy be used to push things apart? How does conformational entropy translate into an “entropic repulsion”? Think about what happens to a floppy molecule in different circumstances. When it’s in a solution, it’s pretty much free to flop about and explore all of its different possible shapes. But what happens when it’s near a wall? If the wall is close enough, then the floppy molecule can only explore flattened shapes that avoid the wall. It loses entropy near a wall, when one end is tied down, and even when it’s twined around a dense concentration of other floppy molecules (they all have to avoid one another).
ancon, n; a breed of sheep with very short legs. Apparently. According to Chambers 20th Century. But do I believe them? (Of course I do! They are founts of ineffable arcane knowledge on all things ovine. Or so they tell me.)
So, I will be able to post new creations soon, but the ones that were stored on my hard drive will have to be rephotographed for me to show you!
Job Experience, Proposals and Your Company Website Photos
South Salem, NY
Luke 2:15-18
You'll aslo need a lemon, onion, and 2-4 cups of chicken stock.
Here I am finally getting away:
the Valois romances The horoscope : a romance of the reign of François II (1897?)
The area, she said, was sparsely populated and particularly unstable, according to Afghan officials, and insurgents were known to have planted roadside bombs there.
However, the more I thought about it, the more upset I became. I have been very uneasy about Jimmy for the past week (i.e. the insomnia of last Thursday night). My women’s/mother’s intuition has been on high alert. I haven’t been able to sleep because I am worried that Jimmy will do something in the night. (I think this worry comes from the knowledge that we all have that Jimmy will no longer be with us after June 8, and I feel he may go rogue in retaliation.) This incident, laughable as it may seem, has been plaguing me today.
He never glorified in his national privileges. He was a Jew by birth, and as he tells us himself,—”An Hebrew of the Hebrews.” He might have said, like many of his brethren, “I have Abraham for my forefather. I am not a dark unenlightened heathen. I am one of the favored people of God. I have been admitted into covenant with God by circumcision. I am a far better man than the ignorant Gentiles.” But he never said so. He never gloried in anything of this kind. Never for one moment!
“There was a great deal of pressure put upon me to bias my interpretation,” Whitehurst said in U.S. District Court in New York in 1995.
Do I have the right to mourn
‘One thing’.
It’s getting cold again.
I'm planning on making my bunny bunting and also some cupcake flags while Rafael is sleeping over the next couple of days, as it is the only realistic chance. I'll share them with you when they are done!
The Tables are located near 42nd Street and 6th Avenue. Paddles and balls are provided free of charge. Watch as the best of Bryant Park battle for the title of park champion in a fun single-elimination, bracket style tournament. Pre-registration is required. Please check-in with attendant when you arrive for the tournament. 6pm-9pm
Pertwee was educated at Frensham Heights School, an independent school in Rowledge, near Farnham in Surrey, at Sherborne School in Sherborne in Dorset, and at some other schools from which he was expelled. After school, he went to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA), from which he was also expelled after he refused to play a Greek "wind" during one of the lessons, feeling it was a waste of both his time and his father's money. He was also accused of writing graffiti about the tutors on the toilet walls. Pertwee was an officer in the Royal Navy, spending some time working in naval intelligence during the Second World War. He was a crew member of HMS Hood and was transferred off the ship shortly before she was sunk, losing all but three men. During his time in the Navy Pertwee woke up one morning after a drunken night out while in port to find a tattoo on his right arm, which was occasionally seen during his time in Doctor Who. After the war he made a name for himself as a comedy actor, notably on radio in Waterlogged Spa, alongside Eric Barker and Puffney Post Office in which he played a hapless old postman with the catch-phrase "It doesn't matter what you do, as long as you tears them up". From 1959 to 1977, he had a long-running role as the conniving Chief Petty Officer Pertwee in The Navy Lark on BBC Radio. He was known as a Danny Kaye look-alike, and his impersonation of Kaye can be seen in the 1949 film Murder at the Windmill. On stage, he played the part of Lycus in the 1963 London production of A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum with Frankie Howerd and appeared in the smaller role of Crassus in the 1966 film version. He appeared as Sidney Tait in the 1963 comedy Ladies Who Do and later in four Carry On films: Carry On Cleo (1964, as the soothsayer), Carry On Screaming (1966, as Dr. Fettle), Carry On Cowboy (1965, as Sheriff Earp) and Carry On Columbus (1992, as the Duke of Costa Brava). On television, he started off with small parts in children's shows like Mr Pastry. Later he made an appearance in The Avengers episode "From Venus with Love" as Brigadier Whitehead, and in the 1970s, he guest-starred as a vicar in The Goodies' episode "Wacky Wales". He had one of his most memorable film roles in the 1971 Amicus horror compendium The House That Dripped Blood. Filmed in the summer of 1970, between his first and second Doctor Who seasons, Pertwee played the lead in the last segment of the film as Paul Henderson, a deliciously arrogant horror film star who meets his quasi-comedic doom thanks to a genuine vampire cloak."
As they bicker back and forth, Hulk Hogan shows up on the screen. He informs Roode that he will have a Title summit with all of the champions in the ring later tonight. As for Anderson and Hardy, they will be involved in a Number One Contender match, later tonight.
My aching heart,
The second part of the book focuses on the special needs of children whose loved ones have cancer. People often forget about their feelings and confusion during these times. This section also talks about how to get through temporary trials. It includes a few extra do's and don'ts.
Definitely picking the car every time. Plane is a bit more overwhelming since it feels like there's a bunch of people trapped in a case for what feels like a million miles away from earth! And here's the moment where all the anxious-neurotic-soon-to-be-flight-attendants(just like yours truly:P) start panicking and throw tomatoes this way:P Definitely not helping, right?! Well if it makes it a little better it's been proved that plane is the fastest and the most secure transportation method.. so cheers to that:) Better?!:) hi hi Now how about you ladies? How do you prefer traveling: by plane or by car... or maybe time machine?!;) hi hi Feel free to share your choice here with us and find out what other fellow bloggers said too:) Now let's get this party started!
Wash blackberries and place them on a kitchen towel to dry.
The act of impunity has been widely observed within the country, be it in the case of the horror-filled Ampatuan Massacre or the daily scene of bodies being gunned down by motorcycle-riding men. And it seems that the Filipinos are being tolerant about it.
It is important to note that the commission's report does not limit euthanasia to terminally ill people. A person who is living with an incurable condition and chronic psychological suffering, such as someone with chronic depression or another chronic mental condition, could be euthanized.
For many years my great photographic joy has been capturing the lives and adventure of my children's lives. But lately, I've found new passion and fulfillment in capturing the blossoming of young love, in the eyes and smiles, and embraces of couples starting out on the long, difficult, wonderful journey that is marriage. Each couple is unique, but they're all writing the same story.
Recently Tom and I picked up a six-pack of Left Hand Brewing Co's Nitro Milk Stout from St. James Beverage. Tom loves milk stouts and couldn't resist when he saw this little beauty sitting there for the taking.
It can be hard to follow Nietzsche’s reasoning for believing that women are inherently opposed to their own emancipation from traditional gender roles, because to do so would somehow rob her of her natural rank over men. His justification for this seemingly incoherent viewpoint appears to be the woman’s power over birth and her subsequent control of her status as the sole vessel of life—which is a woman’s idealized state:
The general public would probably agree that some trailers make the grade. But we aren't the general public, we are authors! We labor for years on our personal masterpieces, weaving subtlety and meaning into a compelling narrative. How could a short flashy video possibly capture our books? This sentiment is similar to the complaint many would-be authors raise about query letters and synopses. Same idea, right? I created a sophisticated, many-layered narrative. How am I supposed to get that across in 250 words?
Not in terms of character—these people live on the pages, and like most adolescents (or the adolescent in all of us, who lives on and on and on) their motivation frequently cuts to the quick: they are desperately trying to figure out just who in God’s name they are.
LJ Fort: I’ll just be with some of my other teammates that have a chance of being drafted or picked up by teams, so just hanging out with them and taking in all the excitement and stuff.
However, the guy just lost his cool when I told him that it was time to leave. How could I live in the filth that his super duper expensive vacuum cleaner sucked out of my otherwise clean home? Didn’t I want to be a good mother and keep the place tidy for my husband? Oh.. dear.. god.
17th of January 2011
He smiled at me and then the music started playing
We left the hospital and I was a complete mess. I remember sitting in the car, zombie-like, feeling every inch of distance stretching between me and that brown brick building where I had left my baby. And then, as we merged onto 405, Jesse and I started singing.
And he hath made my mouth like a sharp sword; in the shadow of his hand hath he hid me, and made me a polished shaft; in his quiver hath he hid me; And said unto me, Thou art my servant, O Israel, in whom I will be glorified.
Records- Nyack 5-5; Nanuet 4-5.
This time I roll 3 (d3), 2 (green), 1 (blue), 5 (red) for a similar figure. I will get to use all three dice, and I’ve got two failures and one success. The figure will carry out its only action and since it has two failed rolls play passes to the other side.
and, of course:
Which is only 5.
Biggest Loser parents put WAY too much importance on high caloric family meals. If you try to stop them, they say things like, “But, it’s our heritage…LATINOS/ ITALIANS/ NATIVE AMERICANS/ AFRICAN AMERICANS/ WASPS are culturally supposed to eat wheelbarrows full of pasta, fried foods, breads, rice, and lard.” Then Julian Michaels comes along and slaps them all in the face. Soon after the slapping, there is a realization that the Biggest Loser Parents had a stillbirth that no one knew about, and no one talks about, but they did go so far as to name him — For a minute, he was called Enrique. Enrique is buried in the backyard because the family didn’t want their personal pain to become public. Enrique is the reason everyone in this family is fat, even the 9 year old. The 9 year old who never even knew Enrique existed, but just ate what Mommy and Daddy gave him.
When it all comes down to it, effective leaders can express their humanity in such a way that fosters trust and builds commitment from those they seek to lead.
It is seriously this easy.
So after 27 years we decide to meet in Hyderabad at our old school. We both are to come along with our sons and our wives.
Meeting with a Dixon Law Office staff member costs you nothing. We will review the facts, documents, and other information about your case. At the end of the meeting, we will give you an honest, no-nonsense, opinion about your case. If we think you have a legitimate case and we can help you, we will. If not, we won’t.
If it’s an outdoor wedding you’re planning, the magnificent grounds complete with lush gardens, and enchanting gazebo provides a picture perfect setting for the ceremony or reception. If you’d prefer to hold your event indoors, Mission Valley Resort offers a full size formal ballroom, and smaller banquet rooms it you are throwing a more intimate affair. State of the art equipment is built-in to each elegantly decorated indoor event facilities should you want to include a media presentation for your guests.
We have the cake made by a very talented student - I love to encourage up and coming talent
About Direct Lift
Editor of Restaurant magazine, William Drew, commented, “A specially convened judging panel assessed the restaurants in this year’s list based on the principles of the Slow Food UK movement – locality, heritage, sustainability and the revival of forgotten foods – and Heinz Reitbauer’s Steirereck in Vienna came out on top. Situated in Vienna’s central city park, it is remarkable for its commitment to indigenous sourcing, the use of historic ingredients and recipes and the promotion of sustainability across the food chain.”
4. Green beans, .88/lb at Newflower (through 12/1/10)
David cocked his head at the waitress trying to ignore the nauseating brilliance of her yellow cotton blouse.
Without Mirror, I think it looks good without the mirror.
Richard Branson believes in empowering his employees to make the decisions and to make it happen.
Halton police said the demonstrators were arrested just after noon yesterday after demanding a meeting with Wescam management and refusing to leave when asked by security.
Join us the week of
In the beginning, some family members and friends asked me if either of us were going to convert to which I answered “Why?” So far J and I have lived happily together and balanced the ships of our cultures and religions like masterful sea captains. Sometimes he wears a kepah and I wear a sari. I love latkes and he loves mango lassis. He has a Bollywood station on his Pandora and I have a klezmer station on mine. For our trip, he has learned many Bengali phrases and I like to use Yiddish in my classroom. We have a love for each other and each other’s cultures.
It makes it easier to bear.
TAPIAINEN T, BÄR G, SCHAAD UB, HEININGER U. Influenza vaccination among healthcare workers in a university children's hospital. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2005; 26: 855-858.
please help us spread the word.
Remember how meretricious this assault on gay couples was. They are already banned by state law from marrying. Now their own state constitution bans them from any civil rights as couples whatsoever: no domestic partnerships, no civil unions, nothing. It’s an act of pure punishment of citizens who are gay, a deliberate psychological blow to their self-esteem, their sense of citizenship, their core equality as human beings.
It's a beautiful Friday in Austin, TX (partly cloudy, 78 degrees). It sure makes me wish it was the Friday at SXSW and I was hanging out at the Bloodshot records showcase at the YardDog drinking free Pabst or whatever they're handing out.
Today, as a thank you to all my online friends, here is a free image that I drew just for you! I have been drawing variations of this pilgrim/turkey since elementary school, and I thought you might also like a chance to color him. Just click on the image and save it. (Not for commercial reproduction without permission).
I really don’t know where to start with this lot though. I guess sticking it the fridge is a good place to start, and necking it one bottle at a time. The lady Squeeze is a little incredulous at my assertion that I got it for free and wanted to know the name of the blog I write. I told her I write Pencil and Spoon. Any suggestions, geekery or otherwise, on how to enjoy it are welcome. Whether its food that suits, the correct size of wine glass to neck it from, or simply that I ought not to neck ‘em all at once are welcome in usual comments block. The world is a wonderful place.
As the baby grows inside her, she becomes increasingly aware of her bitterness and, in a moment of poetic understanding, she realizes that she will pass on that bitterness to her child, “infecting her innocence”.
Vaccinations via subdermal injection have been used for the past century, with the theory being that vaccinations boost your immune system and allow your body to resist deadly viruses. While it may seem like a legitimate reason to vaccinate, unfortunately these vaccines are oftentimes more damaging and harmful than they are helpful. Recently, a report from the Journal of Trace Elements in Medicine and Biology found that aluminum hydroxide, the main metal-based adjuvant present in vaccines, as well as a supplemental aid, may be causing an aluminum overdose at the point of vaccine injection.
I’m the type of person who has to work for a while, do something else, and then come back to my writing. I feel like taking a break helps me not to over-think my work, which then frees my mind to think about what I need to add to my story or take away from it. Mundane tasks such as doing the dishes or washing clothes helps me focus my mind on my story, so I try to take a break after sitting for a while and writing. (Plus, it helps to rest my eyes from staring at a computer screen for too long.) I basically just write when I find the time throughout all of the day. I do tend to work more at night when the house is quiet and all I can hear is the TV playing softly in the background. I don’t turn it to something I’ll be really interested in and will distract me though. Sometimes when I really just need to focus on my work and get it done, I lock myself away and turn on some relaxing music and write, but mostly, I sit where I’m most comfortable and write no matter what’s going on around me.
The plain truth is that there has been no documented increase in the severity of storms in the U.S., or anywhere else, as a consequence of climate change. There has, however, been an explosion in the intensity of media coverage devoted to extreme weather events. (There is even an "extreme weather channel" for kids.) NBC news has its own Chief Environmental Affairs reporter, Anne Thompson, who is not shy about linking extreme weather events with climate change. Practically every story she has filed harps on the climate "crisis," pointing implicitly to the need for heightened government regulation of carbon-emitting industries and commerce -- which is to say, the entire global economy.
- William Makepeace Thackeray
- These are old vines, says Tom, E@L's driver, interrupting E@L's reverie. Gnarled and twisted, thick, solid, ancient, grumpy and temperamental, but with the best, the richest yield. E@L did not need to be told this, he can just look in the mirror.
- 110g / 3.9 oz / 1/2 cup light brown sugar
What I don’t think, in fact, what I know – is that Beyonce is not the most beautiful woman in the world and the media need to get it right! It’s annoying to the ‘rest of the world’ when a company chooses mostly American &/or people who are prominent in Hollywood or American showbiz and then tout them as the world’s most..whatever. Actually it’s ridiculous!
Goats catch colds and can succumb to pneumonia.
you can look at him on youtube x
Dusty Springfield I close my eyes and count to ten UK
I’m really tiredof people who don’t take responsibility for their lives and
Considering the amount of fruit I bought last night, I might be shitting myself any day now. Don't worry, internet, I would never fucking tell you, because that's disgusting, and I don't need that kind of shit online.
The Fuzzi Bunz One-Size Pocket Diaper is stuffed with the "small" insert. It adjusts with elastic in the back and legs to get a great fit! I did find these to have a little more bulk to them when the legs are cinched very tight but they fit closer to 9 pounds.
I can shake my ass better than I ever thought this white girl ever could. And my body reaps all the benefits. I look better than I have in 15 years. I am leaner. I am more cut. I am STRONG. And I love ever minute, ever step and ever time I push myself that much farther than I thought I could. I am smiling just thinking about it.
It seems they prefer to grab someone's property when the victim isn't sitting right there; it unnerves them to steal it while the public is looking.
Manchester City midfielder, AGEN BOLA Vincent Kompany is ready to admit the diving hot party. Although the game is very important to remain calm but he admitted.
4) Drain and discard marinade from beef. On metal or soaked wooden skewers, alternately thread beef and pineapple chunks. Grill, uncovered, over medium heat for 5 min on each side or boil 4-6 in from the heat until beef reches desired doneness, basting frequently with one portion of the reserved marinade. Serve with remaining marinade.
This eclipse will be the second on two eclipses in 2010. The first was a partial lunar eclipse that took place on June 26, 2010.
Another must come
Tip 8: Have a good sense of humor
To ensure effective and accountable operations:
See you soon and have a super weekend.
I look up at the stage and laugh as I see Eddie Cochran desperately trying to force Karen Carpenter into eating some of Betty's fried egg sandwiches!
One of the most important practices is crop rotation. Some of our diseases can over winter here and they stay in the soil. Rotating the crops in a three year cycle can help keep the diseases down. It won't get rid of them, but can help. The plants get a lot of diseases from the splash up of the spores from the soil. If you mulch your plants well, the spores are less likely to make it onto your plants. Black plastic as a mulch can be used when you plant, but if you are mulching with organic material, like hay, you may want to wait a while until the ground is very warm. Our soil in May is not all that warm yet and tomatoes love the heat.
Shea stood, gingerly testing his legs to make sure they would make it down the stairs without an embarrassing fall. As he reached the gym floor, John Hansen spotted him and made his way to Shea’s side. John was taller than most of the other freshmen and built like a brick wall. The other students – and teachers –
And so the hunt begins.......saucer, oh sauuuuucer...wherefore art thou?
Fact: I am judgmental toward Black Americans.
That’s not to say that I gave up on learning about these things. Hell, I even joined the Air force in the hopes that I could work my way through the system to become an astronaut. But the feeling that I was on my own, chasing something that everyone else thought was nuts, has never left me. I still love astronomy, science, and the thought of going into space, but these days such thoughts remind me more and more of the movie The Day The Earth Stood Still. Considering the impact we humans have had on our own environment, both psychological and physical, I fear the kind of damage we will do ‘out there.’
Thomas Hardy:
My brother's self destructive behavior was so painful to watch that I simply could not allow myself to witness it. If he were sober, he was welcomed with open arms, if he was drinking, I would cross the street to avoid seeing the misery in his eyes. It made me very hard hearted in a way as I refused to condone, let alone enable it. I don't think the enabler sees their actions as enabling the addict's behavior. Much that is written applies to the addictive relationship as well as the abusive one.
I suspect quite the opposite of your aims.
Myth #3: I have Photoshop, I’ll make my own cover. Okay, I’ll preface this comment with: there are some extremely talented authors out there that have made their own beautiful covers, but that tends to be the exception rather than the rule. From my own experience, I put my heart and soul into writing the Destiny Series (Meeting Destiny, Destiny’s Revenge and Destiny’s Wrath). It had fabulous reviews, but sales were still low (2-3 per day). Another author told me my covers were horrible – I agreed because, well – Duh, I’m not a graphic artist, I’m a writer. I spent the money to have covers designed for the series. Sales increased enough in the first month to pay for the cost of the covers. Keep in mind that most people will only see your cover when it is the size of a quarter, so don’t look at your cover when it is “book” size, look at it when it is only as large as your thumb. The cover has to be eye catching enough for a potential reader to click on it,
Anyhoo, there is plenty over there for you to have a look at so why not grab a cuppa and get a bargain while you're at it? All you need to do is click here and put PIPANY2 in the comments box on checkout to get the 20% discount.
With the money drying up he’d had to look into other ways of making a living, so he’d bought a pub with an old school friend, and whilst it was doing okay, it wasn’t exactly giving him the retirement prospect he’d hoped for. And he missed the fame. He missed it a lot. So, when he’d got a call from a TV production company just a few weeks earlier asking him if he’d like to get the band back together for a reality show that would follow them over the course of two weeks as they performed a series of reunion gigs on a cruise ship sailing the Mediterranean, he’d jumped at the chance. What did they have to lose? Apart
*le gasp* Gibby was the one who ratted on Seddie? I never even saw that coming!
“Rum business, isn’t it?”
Corey: Why, because it looks like a blind dude made em?
As a member of the peanut gallery, I could help; I knew this scene by heart.
So I can show you the power your skin holds
16. I AM Angie Bowie
“I’m a pessimist, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to give up on trying to limit what’s happening,” Mr. Brandt said. “Sometimes you have to realize that it’s extraordinary that there are any elephants left at all.”
40 OHS @ 65/45#
***SPREAD THE WORD TO THE WORLD ON FACEBOOK about this release & whatever connections you may have! Let us know on
saintarnold.com
Ilkley Lotus is a 5.6% IPA, and I really love how informative their bottles have become. The label states: "Malts - The finest Marris Otter and Crystal, Hops - Cascade and Summit, Water - From the Yorkshire Dales". It's things like this which us beer geeks are interested in, and something we'd love to see on more beers.
First off, as I covered above, I wouldn't consider it ripping me off or stealing at all. I'd consider it a normal cycle of students becoming teachers, and I'd try my best to support it in every way possible.
Find the timetable and more usefull information below.
Congratulations, look out for my email in your inbox shortly!
Pros :
There is also an Australian version of The Voice, Next Top Model, Project Runway, Master Chef (actually created in Australia) and Celebrity Apprentice (David Hasselhoff is on this season. What in the world?!?!?!).
If you are wondering what the name Amineko means it is
1 everyplace
This experiment is supposed to send Claude exactly one year back in time, and he is supposed to remain in this time for exactly one minute before returning to the experimental chamber, a cushy, womb-like enclosure that from the outside, absurdly, looks like a misshapen brain or a vegetable or a hybrid pileup of curved human body parts. Instead, Claude becomes unmoored in time, blinking in and out of the present (another editing trick, that) and reliving a shuffled series of moments from throughout his life. Moments in time become unpredictably, randomly pulled out of context, so that Claude's life flashes before his eyes — and our eyes — out or order. Key moments are repeated, scenes are cut off abruptly and may or may not be continued or expanded later, surreal visions that might be dreams butt up against real memories, and several dramas and mysteries slowly emerge from this fragmented view of Claude's life.
Pink and Olive Green!!!
Once the story of the glyphs reached the web it also garnered a new following of "new agers" and self declared experts and theorists , for which the carvings validated their beliefs in nice colour photographs.
Apparently he uses a resin clay....so much to learn.
This is two coats of Models Own True Blue, and even though it didn't really require it, one coat of Seche Vite.
joke I made once, but cannot retell.
Thankfully, I have a great life. I have an amazing family and husband who I cherish more than I can ever express. I am so blessed and lucky, but I often let petty worries get in the way of joy. I worry about my weight and how my body looks and if my muffin top is showing. I worry about getting the laundry done and the house vacuumed and making my own baby food. I worry if I am a good enough mother or wife. I get frustrated easily instead of being patient. I have road rage. I dislike people who act ignorant. I complain about silly little things instead of laughing at them – like spilling food all over the floor or forgetting to defrost the chicken for dinner (again).
Seventy-five percent of U.S. citizens between 17 and 24 aren’t qualified to join the military because they are physically unfit, have criminal records or have too little education, the report said. Jobs go unfilled even amid high unemployment in positions requiring scientific and high-technology expertise, according to the task force.
Please let tonight be a rare occasion...
I think it's safe to say that in one week, I watched this three times. It is just that good. The story of Sophie and Jason, in preparation before adopting a cat, they quit their jobs, cut off the internet and live for the thirty days they have left before the rest of their lives. It'll make you look at life and time in a whole new way. It's the quirky genius of Miranda July at its best. She just gets it, that's all I can say. And has a wardrobe to dream of in this too; tap shorts and 1920s swimming costumes, anyone?
Reduce to a simmer and cook for 30-40 minutes.
I also have another finish to show. This was a pleasure to stitch and I had to try this out after seeing so many out there in blogland.
5- Amanda gardens in zone 5A and hey, you can never have too many gardening buddies in my opinion. This blog is also very well written–by an English graduate who will write that novel, someday. When the garden isn’t calling perhaps http://confessionsfromanovicegardener.wordpress.com/about/
For those unfamiliar with Deschutes Brewery, you should feel sad – located in Bend, Oregon, the brewery has long had a reputation for “pushing the envelope” and changing the beer drinking populous in its corner of the continent. Typically, its beers are hoppy ales, with a focus on using technology, high quality ingredients, and innovation to deliver such masterpieces as “The Abyss”. If you can find their beers, buy them.
This month I have several Promo events without reviews; THREE KINDLE GIVEAWAY EVENTS!
This article taken via Fashion Files which is courtesy of Elle Blogs!
Have you seen how much the flowers have grown?
I’m not really into epic fantasy anymore and honestly, this book seems only mildly interesting to me but I know a lot of people like it. I chose this book because its rating stats are absolutely insane (for Smashwords where there are very few readers). Off of 54 Smashwords reviews, this book has a 4.96 star rating! In total, it has 53 5-star reviews and one 3-star review. That’s insane! This book must be excellent! And it’s free!
1 large onion, chopped
The Second option, for using the device fonts, means that your final SWF file intended for the Web will be much smaller in size. Had you selected any other option, like Anti-alias for animation or readability for example, you would have to select a non-generic font family and after that, embed the characters in your SWF document. Embedding makes the SWF file larger in size, because Flash must store the vector shape data of the font’s characters into itself.
I rented lots of movies and watched them. I rented “The Greening of Whitney Brown”, “Percy Jackson and the Olympians : The lightning thief” , and Journey to the Center of the Earth.” Also shark night but whatever. I think I will do some movie reviews!! Does that sound like a plan?? GOOD.
Like many toxic plants, the poisonous yew has substantial medical value. The extraordinary Persian polymath Abū ‘Alī al-Ḥusayn ibn ‘Abd Allāh ibn Sīnā’ (who is known in English as Avicenna) used yew to treat heart conditions in the early eleventh century—this represented the first known use of a calcium channel blocker drugs which finally came into widespread use during the 1960’s. Today chemotherapy drugs Paclitaxel and Docetaxel are manufactured from compounds taken from yews. It is believed that the yew’s fundamental cellular nature might yield clues about aging and cellular life cycles (since the yew, like the bristlecone pine, apparently does not undergo deterioration of meristem function). In other words, Yews do not grow old like other living things.
for hauling our daily water from the spring
Despite the fact that types of promotional items in the area, such as plastic mugs today, buttons, wallets, Tonneau covers, pens, shelves, sweatshirts as well as animal cushions, competition gear, unhappily for life a vital them over.
Who: Adults 21 and above
I managed to find myself on Geeklawyer’s blawg late on Saturday night, wondering if I should file my annual tax return online. Apparently…. astonishingly important people are being advised NOT to file online because of security concerns. This is ironic given the ability of HMRC, The Ministry of Defence, The DVLA (NI) and sundry other government organisations, to keep our data safe…
So for those of you who are going through this now, pleeeease let me know how you feel, I'd love to hear your experiences and I wish you luck.
Me: That window looks awful.
Independent hands-on work with dogs is essential no matter what, and a great way to get this experience is via apprenticeships with or assisting local trainers; working with dogs of friends, family and neighbors; volunteering with shelters or rescues. Documenting the hours logged actually training and handlings dogs, as well as keeping case studies will be helpful later on when you seek certification through CCPDT or IAABC.
Jelly, and crusted it.
This quilt has the most tremendous detail in it, from the pieced sky (with the sand storm rolling across) to the amazing sand stone (?) rocks in the background, to the detailing in the face and clothing of the figure and finally the quilting across the surface that provides so much depth. It really is breathtaking. For those who are interested in how this all came about, there is a post on Jenny's blog Postcards from Cairo that shows how she came up with this creation.
The Note ... Hallmark Channel ... 2 AM
This top rated adult romance video synopsis is presented to you by Laura Meets Jeffrey, a new romance and adult ebook, that lets people know how the 1980s really were! Great literary adult romance masterpiece presented in an ebook.
We request you to sign this petition and involve all your friends to support this petition, so that a national campaign for the release of Abdul Nasser Maudany can emerge. We are enclosing the petition to be signed:
It is the holiday season... the time for gift giving. Choosing a particular gift can be difficult, in particular, that special something for friends and family. Should you have the reputation of being a beer aficionado you can get away with the gift of the beer. In fact it is often anticipated.
And tell the story—Saved by grace.
-Ability to self-host and own content.
½ t sugar
DO not EVER SAY ‘ go to hell’
The second concerns whether Twittered messages are in the public domain:
A member of staff, one of the few not out playing 1968 outside, hurried forward to help him use the self service. It’s all that’s left for them to do. The comments book bulges with praise for the staff, for their helpfulness, their kindly patience. Inevitable that they be phased out.
Well this is one I wasn't expecting to do today. It was supposed to be a Mikkeller day off today as I was out and about in London so wouldn't have time for a review. Fate intervened. We paid a visit to Craft Beer Co this evening and this tasty little double IPA was on tap and I simply couldn't resist. Apologies for the bad photography but the camera on my phone isn't great.
Researchers both in Europe and the U.S. think the problem is not just in the “salmon chow”, but the environment as a whole and that PBDEs are probably reaching the open ocean and getting into the marine food web through atmospheric deposition.
Incens’d struck with clinch’d hand the pavement.
This started out as a Wednesday Hero post but because of the heavy casualties that 3rd Battalion, 5th Regiment, 3/5 Darkhorse, suffered, 25 Men KIA in seven months, I decided to make it a memorial post. Semper Fi, Marines.
Hello Delightful friends and family,
On Wednesday-ish, I will remind my class where we need to be by Friday to meet/exceed our goal and/or get extra choice time and I will ask if there are any volunteers who would be willing to be 3-Star Kids for the rest of the week to help us out. If they raise their hand, I will put their name on the board and we all cheer them and thank them for leading by example. It's a great motivator to get all of the kids willing to do more, which I'll take any day of the week!
My second kid's picks confirm this "have books around" philosophy. She's been doing a lot of re-reading in the last couple of months. She even told me, "Lately, I just feel like reading something that I know I'll love."
He nodded. “I like your sweater, by the way,” he said. “It looks a little like a grandma sweater, but I like it.”
There are a few homes interspersed with the businesses, but the homes are unquestionably in the minority. Several of these homes are boarded up with heavy boards over doors and windows; perhaps the occupants are attempting to make a stand and reinforced their home. Some of these boarded up homes have numerous bullet holes in the façade, and others show signs where people attempted to remove some of the boards perhaps to loot after gaining entry.
The Tomb of Dracula: Book One – signed by Gene – winner (nealst)
There is nothing whatsoever to misunderstand here.
The courtroom was large, and beautifully elegant, and everything started on time. After the formalities that took place as the judge entered, the rest of the ceremony was touching, sometimes a little emotional and often delightful. As they called out the names of the 71 new citizens-to-be, each of us stood up and named our country of origin. I was amazed that in a corner of the mid-west that is not usually known for its diversity, the courtroom now housed people from an incredible array of countries. My husband quickly wrote down most of the names of the countries on the back of an envelope holding our citizenship packet. You can see them in the Wordle image at the top of this post – the larger names represent multiple people from the same country. We did miss a few countries we couldn’t hear clearly enough, but, this was a memorable and touching part of a ceremony that accorded tremendous respect to the backgrounds of the people in the room.
The current signage and wayfinding system is an ad hoc collection of various attempts to guide people through, sometimes, repetitive-looking areas in three dimensional space (x, y, z axises). I think one of the biggest drawbacks to the system is the inability to define a system font – some have borrowed from the Tube in London (UK) and gone with Gill Sans, others have utilized Helvetica (ugh!) and still a few other typefaces make their appearance. A standardized typeface choice would be the first step into helping guide people.
First of all, I listen to the classical music station in my car while driving lots of the time. My kid have started asking who's music is playing, and have also started picking out various instruments that are playing in the pieces that we are listening to. I love hearing my 6-year-old son saying Mom- these are violins playing- or I hear the piano there. It's makes me smile!
He had a voice like velvet, an accent like honey.
However, if we look a bit deeper into the films context and history you might be able to see that behind all the crazy stock footage and Lugosi interval is a film that truly came from the heart. If you don't know the history of Ed Woods life then you probably didn't know that he too was a Cross-Dresser. He also plays the main character Glen in the film; a transvestite who has a fetish with Angora Sweaters. Wood also had this obsession in his own life so it could be said that the character and stigmas faced throughout the film are based on his own experiences.
Sister Parish contended that a proper Living Room had at least three seating groups, and the Big Room, as it was called at Cragwood, illustrates that point. Decorating styles can sometime be hard to catagorize; while this room's contents were all carefully considered, I hestitate but call it an Undecorated Style. More edited and curated than the Eclectic Style popular today, there is no mistaking that the resulting intent was to show a home whose owners were secure in a position of wealth and good taste.
Happy Birthday, Rebecca! And many happy returns
But I’m not so sure if we know that there are moral laws just as abiding as the physical law. I’m not so sure about that. I’m not so sure if we really believe that there is a law of love in this universe, and that if you disobey it you’ll suffer the consequences.”
Crossing The Line is a contemporary novel – it’s the story of Nick, once part of a violent gang and now trying to turn his life around. A member of his former gang is in prison for a knife killing; Nick himself is in love with the sister of the murdered boy. And the jailed boy’s older brother is out for revenge on Nick’s sister Allie for testifying against him.
Three official errors among many made; various displays of ineptitude and Carlos Zambrano? Pinch Hitter? Two RBI? Are you kidding me? But the Cub pitcher turned pinch hitter was merely a skit in a bigger Side-Show with futility on tap throughout the course of this game.
Four Servings: $1.21 per serving
The Temptation of Angélique
3 All The Things You Are
The Chief End of Man focuses on our ultimate purpose in life: to glorify God by enjoying Him forever. This starts with conversion and then is expressed throughout all of life. All we do is for the glory of God.
Me: But just because some of these stereotypes are true doesn’t mean you should generalize. Because they’re not all true, and you’re really harming people by making assumptions.
Unless they are allowed this opportunity, they will just do it at another time in the future, but this will and must happen. Africa MUST sort itself out. Only afterwards will they respect and appreciate the value and contributions of the white European.
Entry: £6 adults/£3 children
The first time I ever met Rafael he had me come over for dinner and he made me my favorite childhood food, tostones. Tostones are basically fried plantains, but Rafa’s are so delicious because he has a not-so-secret-technique that he’s allowed me to share today. It involved garlic – Yummmm. Tostones are traditional side dishes served with a regular plate of food in Puerto Rico, Cuba and other Caribbean nations. They’re really not that hard to make and once you do it a couple of time, it’ll be second nature. Also, make sure you buy GREEN, and I mean, GREEN plaintains for tostones. If you buy them yellow or fading out of green, they’ve matured too much and now you should make platanos maduros (a sweeter version of fried plantains).
A March Night
Amnesty International: In its April 2012 position paper on the topic, AI calls for the abolition of the airport procedure citing violations of human rights protected by the European Court of Human Rights decisions; lack and low quality of legal services provided to the refugees through the process, as well as a failure by the administrators to follow proper procedures; and a lack of respect for the most vulnerable populations.
The fume of muscatel
2 small butternut squash
~Realize that the idea of perfection is a lie that cripples your process and prevents your creative growth. Mistakes must be made, many drafts must be rewritten, experiments tried and learning curves overcome, in order to master your chosen medium.
The desert heat will wipe them out. The engine has a gauge in the dash so you can monitor the temperature. Most cars and trucks do not have a transmission temperature gauge. Fluids are the life blood of your vehicle. We recommend fluid exchanges to give these two components a long life. Using the correct fluid at the correct levels is vitally important.
There is a catch: you cannot insist on a perfect solution. See if you can spend half of what you normally would and get an 85% solution. And pay attention to the extras you get with the imperfect solution.
A smile is indeed a universal language. I felt such an incredible joy surge through me at the sight. At this shared secret communication.
4. Slight itchiness appears from time to time below my belly button. Old stretch marks from my first pregnancy are more prominent now.
Do you remember the Harvest Creature competition? Well, my kids' school also holds an Easter Egg competition at the end of the Spring term, and here are some of the fabulous creations from this years' lot!
We'll start this post with a challenge: namely, I challenge you to open your TV/window or go to the nearest bus/tram/subway/square. I'll bet you my beautiful peach scented bottom that there's 99% chance you'll hear some asshole complaining about how the leaders of the country fuck everything up, how their jobs suck and how they would change the World should they be given a chance.
Even though one part of you is telling you that it is only a set and not actually a great hallway all your other senses, especially underfoot as that is very much real flagstones you are stepping on, tell you that it is and that it is as real as say something like the Tower of London.
Well, there would be more popcorn bear, I printed a whole sheet of different images ready to turn into cards & this is only my second. I have been playing with my Silhouette Cameo in the meantime & have upgraded to the designer software so that I can make use of some of the amazing .svg files that are out there (free too!).
Rio: Directed by Carlos Saldanha; Starring Jesse Eisenberg, Anne Hathaway, Wanda Sykes, Jane Lynch, Jamie Foxx, Will.I.Am
Featuring performances from Austin Hartley-Leonard (los angeles)
This is mass thinking at its worse.
I doubt many would argue about the importance of a mother. Nothing can replace a mother. Secular websites estimate the monetary value of a mother to be well over $100,000 per year. Fascinating as that is, I could really care less about the monetary value of a mother so much as I am concerned with what God's eternal value of a mother is.
Scouts have seen every game of potential recruits from USC or Notre Dame.
May you grow up to be righteous
“I videotaped the crowd on the other side and it was made up of mostly Negaunee fans including their student section and they were all on their feet cheering for Eric.”
1/2 c maple syrup
Provitamin B-5 – See Panthenol.
“CONFERENCE ANNOUNCEMENTS
Or a deeper hole /
visiting them in New Mexico this summer.
Wipe my eyes and stop me yawning.
Not far from this purple are the two lilac trees whose purple blooms are still quite tightly budded. In fact, I'm becoming hopeful that unless we get a few really warm weeks here while we're gone, these lilacs might even save some of their scented beauty for my return.
His brother’s farmhouse is now shuttered and empty. “I can’t spend time here. We’ll have to sell. This farm has been in our family for generations but it must go. Who’ll manage it? The children will never come back here. They held their own father as he died in front of them. Will they ever get over that?”
However, plaintiffs’ attorney Molly Thomas-Jensen had earlier pointed out, “You can’t waive your rights to be paid, if you’re required to be paid.”
Did you know that Diapers.com takes your manufacturer coupons??!?!?! My cubemate at work told me about it the other day and I had to research and share with all of you. I haven't done it yet, we are pretty stocked up on stuff till the baby comes but I will be sure to do it when we need our next order. And the double bonus is you can use Ebates for cash back. Not familiar with Ebates, check out a post I did here.
If all the year were playing holidays,
Without giving it away, we are down to the count for Shad's return. We're at the home stretch!!! We simply can't wait! Liam gets very exciting when he sees his daddy on Skype! It's so cute... Shad gets a big kick out of watch him walk all over the house. I take the lap top and follow Liam while he cruises our house so Shad can watch how mobile he is. Liam is definitely my weight control program... I'm burning the calories chasing him around and around. It's been so much fun!
CONFESSIONS OF A ROYAL HITMAN
A friend of mine is in the hospital, fighting for her life. She is strong, and I pray that she pulls through. I have no doubt God is holding her in His loving arms right now. But a while back, she had spoken of several family members who had passed away, and had made a request: she asked several friends that when her time comes, everyone who attends her funeral must wear their most comfortable robe, PJs and slippers.
The idiot is me and the question remains unanswered. Let me explain. I’ve now been living in France for over seven years and yet when it comes to speaking French--you know, the correct use of the past tense and pronunciation of the word “feuille”—I’m currently locked in an epic battle with my daughter’s pet hamster for the honorary title of “least conversant family member.”
I painted the playroom. Again.
Name: Andrea Martinez
“UNC was better,” Miller said. Byfield, a UNC graduate, happily concurred.
While she has some wonderful skills in a variety of job placements, the reality of her working for longer than two hours seems to be a distant hope. One that I will fight until the end to preserve, but the reality of what her days will look like is very much present.
Some foreign firms even adopted the practice of making a fast buck by buying a company, stripping its assets and then selling for a quick profit. A classic case was that of the once-great department store, Debenhams, bought in 2003 by two U.S.-based private equity firms. Within three years, they’d stripped the firm of investment, loaded it with debt and sold it on at a big profit. By then, Debenhams was in such an enfeebled condition that it has taken years to recover.
Digitally projected visual art is almost as important to the chiptune scene as the music itself. More often than not, chip shows will feature artists like Andrew Reitano, who performs as Batsly Adams, manipulating the visual output of classic consoles in time with the music.
He looks back in the direction of the now distant rock mesas.
What do we run to when we need answers or solutions? What do we run to when we have free time? Are we missing the notes that God has left for us in the midst of our daily lives? We don’t have to look hard. We just need to open our eyes to Him and pay attention, and then MAKE THE TIME and prioritize Him. We tithe money. But do we tithe our time? Do we ever see the sticky notes? Do we stop and take it to Him? What notes is He leaving us these days? And in what locations?
My DD's basketball game was so fun. Watching 6 and 7 year olds run around with the basketball in their hands is just to cute. Dribble, what!!! I can make it from one side to the other by just holding the ball and running (its easier that way,,lol). Now on to some crafting!!
Now I know there are people in the interwebs who are die-hard physical paper book lovers. I'm one of them. I won't touch an e-book version of a reference book for example, because I desperately need those in hard copy. However when it comes to fiction, I'm e-book all the way.
Well, she's actually my Mom's Aunt....My Beloved Mom Jerrye's sister, Rose Marie. We visited her and her tribe yesterday. I did not realize the effect seeing her would have on me. I have not seen her since before my grandmother died. She reminded me of so many things about my grandmother that I miss terribly. Rose Marie is the youngest of the sibs and she is the only one left now. She is a funny lady, says whatever comes to her mind, just like my grandmother used to. She loves reading and eating, she tells me. My Mom got to talk about her mom with Auntie and I think it helped her ....my mom has suffered with more grief than I realized and it seemed like she was able to excise some pent up grief.
The first new Mixtape of 2010 that I'm throwing up on PHH is one that I can stand behind firmly in XO's "One. One. Ten"...
2 tablespoons of milk
Despite its charming characters and engaging storylines, there’s no overlooking the fact that Dead Souls has the most immensely frustrating third-person-shooter control scheme in recent memory. Forget trying a tactical approach, your best bet for survival is haphazardly sprinting to and fro until you achieve an ounce of breathing room, squeezing off a few rounds in your pursuers’ general direction, then repeating the process ad nauseam. If you can get your back to a wall, it’s also effective to slowly strafe an infected zone, making use of the game’s auto-aim assist.
At the end of one axis pearly Mumbles bobs in a cornflower sea, while at the other Port Talbot steams in the sulphurous Sun. Between them curls the Bay, a drunken proscenium for the cast of local strolling players.
Along the same lines, when a gay student, Matthew Shepard, was murdered in Wyoming in 1998, the media went berserk and laws were passed to make sure that no one would ever again think that killing a straight person was just as bad as killing a queer. No, no, no - there's murder and then there's outrage.
Air fresher ( Card style NO aerosols)
and my choices
Oh, and Four, just for the experience. It can be quite satisfying to make your own paint, and even more satisfying to paint with it! – and it certainly educates one about materials. I recommend trying it!
or mojo to do it.
Since 1980 The Woodlands/McCullough has won 14 State Titles, 6 2nd place finishes and 2 3rd place finishes. That is 22 trips to the podium in 27 years. In 1984 they scored a record low 28 points in a race that my team (El Paso Eastwood) actually thought we had a chance at winning. We wound up 3rd but hey, there is no doubt we lost (badly!) to the best XC team in the country that year. The list of stars from the school over the years is endless. Kyle Wright, Jeff Moss, Stacy Sutter, Eric Henry, Shaun Barnes, Scott Cramer, Danny Green, Chris Emme, Brian Sullivan, Alex Neff and this year Reed Connor and Drew Butler should challenge Craig Lutz for the Texas Title.
And that would not leave a space for the Newco to apply to join the top division.
I understand that only too well.
Q: (Joris Fioriti – Agence France Presse) Fernando, one year ago, you were in the middle of the team order crisis; are you enjoying now the fact that politics are involving Red Bull?
As in Britain, the truth about interracial rape, and racial violence in general, is totally disregarded and, in most cases, suppressed. Were you to visit the libraries of virtually any of the Universities in North America you would find academic studies, text books and pamphlets which declare, in what appears to be all seriousness, that sexual violence including gang rape is primarily perpetrated by white men, that when such allegations are made against black men they are “racist lies” probably told to protect a guilty white man, and that the overwhelming majority of interracial rapes are acts of white racism, committed by white aggressors against black victims.
Hopefully more progress tomorrow!
The team in which I currently work is by far the bitchiest out of the many I have been part of.
I had a very nice Mother's Day. My gift is always the same. I go out and buy my annuals. I love, love, love shopping for plants. Some women get a thrill out of buying shoes, I get spine tingles from a perfect shade of salmon geraniums to go beside my salvia.
There is something deeply elemental about being seated before a fire. Perhaps it is the connection to a primal way of staking a claim for habitation, of being warmed in body and spirit, of being open at the heart to the beyond. I think we have a continual need for rites of renewal. For intrinsic to our story is the presence of incarnate life, of down-to-earth embodiment of the sacred.
Of course, a number of factors have led to us seeing far more militancy than we might have. In the main, this has been rank-and-file pressure - workers realising the scale of the attacks they are facing and, quite rightly, demanding something be done against that. This has been helped considerably by the strength of the grassroots movements outside of the trade unions - from the students movement and UK Uncut to the ongoing workfare campaign - creating a climate where the working class was regaining confidence in itself. The IWW's Cleaners Branch and Solfed's victory against Office Angels demonstrated what impact such forms of organisation could have industrially.
All you have to do to enter the book giveaway is leave a comment below about one of your goals with metal work (even if it's wirework) or a comment on some metal work you have already done - I'd love a link to check it out! One comment only, please, to make it easier for me to pick the winner, and I will pick that winner and post on Saturday, May 12. Comments on my review are welcome too - I'd love to know how I did for my first one! :)
Yesterday morning was, lets say rough! (good thing my kids dad is a therapist)
The news segment sharing Erin Bode's song The Space Between featuring Pookie's heartbeat aired last night! You can see the whole thing here.
REMOVE from oven and let cool in pan 5 minutes
Well...I did do a load of laundry. One day. Maybe two. Needless to say, the size of my laundry pile currently leaves MUCH to be desired.
January/June 2011
The human aura is an energy field that reflects the subtle life energies within the body. These energies make us what we are and in turn are affected by our surroundings and life style.
UK daughter had some from the supermarket and we just had to compare!
She initially won a defamation action against the Fairfax newspaper group and its conservative columnist Janet Albrechtsen but later in 2005 had her damages massively reduced after the NSW Court of Appeal found that several of the allegedly defamatory statements about O’Shane were covered by the defence of fair comment:
But unfortunately, the recent April showers must’ve knocked off my last Tango mandarin. These have been growing forever. I feel like it has taken at least six months to get the this size. Bummer I found him on the floor.
Be that as it may, it does not behoove graduate programs to enforce a policy of "No C's" or "2 C's and you are out." This policy causes a host of problems, especially for programs who are averse to flunking out any students. Perhaps most insidious are the instances in which professors feel it necessary to pass a student with a 'B,' even though that individual did absolutely nothing to deserve it. I would suggest that programs instead adopt a 3.0 minimum. It would allow professors more leeway in handing out grades which are commensurate with a student's abilities/efforts as well as allowing programs to differentiate between high achievers, middle-of-the road performers, and weak students.
Hello Hello! I hope your day is filled with sunshine today!
Eyebrows: Sobe Botanicals Fill Me In Brow Filler - Brunette (applied with MAC 266)
who’ll stop the rain- creedence clearwater revival
I woke up Easter Sunday not feeling so well. I had two martinis the night prior at the comedy club and didn’t think I could possibly have a hangover just from that. (I thought it was weird I also felt drunk off of JUST two.) Either way, I felt like hell. We pulled ourselves together and went to Hardscape’s parents per my insisting over the past couple of weeks.
I hated Peyton in 2030. She was semi stuck up and semi stupid. She was your average teenage girl with your average dickhead boyfriend. But don't get me wrong. Four years later, she becomes this strong, determined girl out to save the dying world. She's an awesome heroine and together with Chase, they're unstoppable. Most of the time. They have their ups and downs, and I loved almost every bit of it. It wasn't a perfect relationship, but trust me, you'll be rooting for them the entire way.
fnGetData() gets the data for the whole table, while fnGetNodes gets an array of TR rows. I found that it was easier to deal with just the data rather than the HTML.
Last week my grandfather fell and had to have hip surgery! And today is his 85th birthday! I am just thankful he is still around as I only have one set of grandparents left.
the heat
Banana Man: Oh I've wanted to be one ever since I was little. My interest stems from that.
Accessories-Sponging, Cuttlebug Embossing Swirls Folder, Half Pearls, Decorative Doily Due Die-Namics by My Favorite Things, Ribbons, Machine Stitch, Dimensionals, Oval Template, Copics
While Du Preez does lament in his recent essay Changing Ideas of Afrikaner/White Identity (published on the LitNet website) the fact that Afrikaners are not accepted as African by the new Black elite, he appears generally to be incapable of opposing the ANC rulers' agenda. A self-styled radical who fought against apartheid, Du Preez still appears to be psychologically incapable of understanding that his old comrades are now his enemies, bent on destroying the institutions and cohesion of his ethnic group (or perhaps he does not believe that Afrikaners should exhibit ethnic cohesion, unlike Jews or Scots, for example). As a self-styled radical, he apparently cannot stand radicalism when he encounters it in someone like Dan Roodt. Instead, his behaviour towards Roodt is reminiscent of the behaviour of apartheid ministers to Du Preez, calling him names and attempting to push him to the fringes of mainstream thought by means of boycotts and explicit name-calling on main-stream websites.
Of course, if you have an orange bag for these coming seasons (not pictured), all the better!
We decided to go out to lunch, and try somewhere new. We stop at somewhere close, and it turned out to be a little place that was from Spain. We thought it was Mexican at first, but nope, Spanish! And it was SO cute and SO good! Never had Spanish food before! I loved it!
A person from the travel industry, who did not want to be identified, however, said that these protesting airlines are deploying pressure tactics to make the travel portal drop Kingfisher Airlines from its list. "You will soon see everything fall back into place. These airlines are trying to thwart ailing Kingfisher's chances," he said.
“We’ll cross that bridge when we come to it. Maybe together, we can convince her our powers are real.”
Are we under the duel pressure of being” sandwich generation” raising young children and caring for old parents?
675. Summer Rolls and Spinach Salad @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 12:37 p.m.
But a Beautiful Heart too
30 is just around the corner for me...a little less than six months away. I can't wait...no, seriously I can't! Earlier this week I came across this article on The Huffington Post.
Jesus answered, “Are there not twelve hours in the day? If anyone walks in the day, he does not stumble, because he sees the light of this world. But if anyone walks in the night, he stumbles, because the light is not in him.” ~John 11:9-10
For a 2009-2010 Jetta TDI, you can expect to pay between $20,000-$22,300 if buying a low-mileage car from a dealer, according to Kelley Blue Book.
Than what I had yesterday,
My month of letters challenge is shaping up. I wrote to another member of the lettermo forum today and, I hope, have a coupleof others lined up for thos days when I have no regular correspondent to whom I am able to write. Then, of course, there's always Postcrossing.
Today I would like to speak on a subject which is very relevant to our times: the end of the world; more particularly, the signs being fulfilled in our times which point to the end of the world.
“Those folks are most likely to advance when there’s strong economic growth and a strong public-sector investment,” he said. “I don’t want to say there’s no hope, but I will say that aspect of the national political environment makes me pessimistic at the moment.”
Fortunately I chose the right one!!
My parents were an interfaith couple in a time when "the faiths" even if they were both "Christian" didn't mingle. I grew up hearing that the faith I was being raised in was the only "true" faith and that non-believers would surely go to hell, or purgatory, or somewhere really, really unpleasant. I grew up thinking that maybe my mom, even though she was a protestant, would be saved from certain doom just because she showed up at the catholic church twice a week to drop us off at Mass and CCD. Then later having to explain to my own children that daddy would surely not burn in HEdoublehockeystix for being Jewish and that "heaven" was not secular and full of separate faith-based rooms. My journey through life has led me to do some extensive research on religion and quite often I venture there metaphorically with my artwork. Why? I think it is that one word that stands out which is MYSTERY. That word "mystery"intrigues me. The risk of wonderment is almost as great as the RISK of jumping off a cliff and in most of my life. It is what drives me. I love flying by the SEAT of my pants! Despite leaving the "church" 10 years ago though, I have yet to give up my faith, that is TOO risky so I study other things as if I am searching for a reason to let go completely. Yet secretly, I pray that what I was taught to believe in will eventually stop being hypocritical and come around to the true meaning of the word catholic: broad scoped, liberal, open to ideas, and universal.
Especially one writer, Lena Salaymah, who writes on The Immanent Frame, wrote an article for The Talmud Blog, where she explains her motives for and thoughts on studying and researching Near Eastern Legal Culture. For my readers it will come as no surprise that exactly that is my focus.
I saw, first hand through my service work, that building community and the power of prayer are key to emotional and spiritual support for individuals — and my wife and I have always formed supportive communities wherever we’ve gone in the world. But if you could add to that the training and education people lack, you could begin to make a difference for a larger number of people. If, further, you could build an open yet supportive economic platform that would enable the most needy to begin to help themselves through their own efforts, you could begin to change a neighborhood… and then a city.
I don't balance my life. I think my recent divorce proves that I failed as a spouse. Honestly, I think I terrified my ex-husband. I am an idea person and my brain generates new ideas faster than I can breathe.
“We’ve seen more than 20 times our normal transfer activity and are delighted that we were able to take a stand against SOPA and help EFF in their fight,” she said.
But I think there’s a lot more to it than that, or at least something more subtle and more significant. These verses, and their following ones, seem to be happening more in the background to all of these climactic events in Revelation. This isn’t a single event in the plot, but more a drawing away of the curtains, a revealing of what lies beneath. Behind the transient tragedies and troubles of the world, we see something much more permanent: the Church of God, the Body of Christ, in full beauty and diversity, and doing what it does best – proclaiming the truth and glory of God.
tone and pitch,
Even with all of this information, though, once babies temperature drops from a bath in a nursery, the nurses will not bring a baby back to mom to be held skin to skin. Instead, they will place them in a radiant warmer and wait for baby to warm up, regardless of babies feeding cues.. this, on average, takes an hour of observation.
Enter Jorge:
So, I'm going to do it. I'm taking that next step, or leap Whatever you want to call it. I am going to do it. I am right there, looking over the edge, deciding if I should go sit down, or jump. I need to make up my mind once and forall. This weekend, I did.
In addition to the little garter snake, I saw a larger one (two feet long or so, maybe more) slithering off into the grass. Unlike gopher snakes, that just lay there, and rattlesnakes, that rattle and hiss at me, garter snakes just seem to scurry off quickly when ever they become aware of me. Don't think I've ever seen one staying still.
I think it’s a mental issue, and I’m hoping it dissipates as soon as my feet hit the pavement.
This fabric is a cotton voile, so I underlined it with Bemberg for opacity. I also turned under the edges of the facings as per the pattern instructions, a nice finish that I rarely use for fear of creating an impression on the outside, but the voile is lightweight enough to escape this.
You must cook the Easy Mac for 3 - 3 1/2 minutes in microwave in order to cook the noodles.
Teluk Intan Chee Cheong Fun varies from the typical Malaysian Chee Cheong Fun as it was eaten without sauce. It consists of rice noodle, turnip, minced meat and dried shrimp. It is eaten with the pickled chilies which kind of enhanced the taste.
1,100,000 players minus 100,000 goalies = 1,000,000
This post is not my usual light commentary, I know, but I was going to write about this new scandal in the Catholic Church. You know, the one regarding another priest molesting boys, boys in a home for the deaf. Those of you who have read me for awhile know that I have a son who is hearing impaired, so you can imagine my feelings on this. But honestly, even I can't think of enough four letter words to adequately describe my disgust at the situation, and you'd have to be a pretty hard core asshole to not agree, so there's really not much else to say about the case itself. It just makes my head explode wondering when people will finally acknowledge that the people running the churches are JUST PEOPLE and the rules they try to enforce COME FROM MAN, NOT GOD. In many cases I see the church (of any denomination) becoming more important than God, and religion more about who we're supposed to hate, not who we're supposed to love.
Or to put it another way, the club itself can’t afford the players but its benefactor can. Search the report for the word ‘debts’ and you will be out of luck however. Sheikh Mansour is following the Abramovich route and converting debts to equity, and on a scale that invites comparison with Chelsea:
Finally, this is my problem.
When I was a child I enjoyed nothing more than playing with dolls. I was the proud owner of an assortment of dolls, God-knows-how-many Polly Pockets (anyone remember those?), and a decent-sized collection of Barbie dolls, Barbie clothes, accessories, furniture, a house, a convertible and even a Barbie-sized, drive-through McDonalds.
Japan sits atop the Eurasian, Pacific, Philippine and North American tectonic plates whose movements cause numerous earthquakes. The country experiences about 20 percent of the world’s major earthquakes of magnitude 6 or greater.
This reliance on New York isn't simply about providing a visually interesting backdrop, of course, because it has also provided some of the strongest connections to character. When the noir ultraviolence of Max Payne was moved to Sao Paulo for Max Payne 3, there was uproar. If you took Max out of the tenements of New York, was he really Max at all? What was the New York cop without his delirious nightmare of New York's criminal innards? Similarly, when it was announced that Crysis 2 would be moving from its technologically impressive jungle-island home to the exploding streets of Manhattan, no one really thought to comment. Of course it would be set in New York. Indeed, if they really wanted to see/destroy it all, where else would the aliens want to go next?
But the multiples did not matter too much to me as a reason to make screen prints. The look that the print provided me did matter. Put down a deep even swath of red in an instant, or painstakingly go over an area with gouache for an hour? Easy. Fast. Changeable if needed. Gorgeous like velvet on velvet, or sharp like enamel on metal. I loved it, found my voice in it. And that is enough.
Miami Dolphins: Stephen Ross is ready to roll out the red carpet and whatever else he needs to lure Manning to Miami. Miami has some good pieces in place. Receiver Brandon Marshall can be a prime target for Manning and receiver Davone Bess catches almost everything and would quickly become one of Peyton’s favorite targets. Reggie Bush is a threat out of the backfield. The line as anchored by Jake Long, one of the best offensive tackles in the game. They have a good enough defense. Still they finished 6-10 last season and have a new coach coming in. Ross might want Manning but perhaps new head coach Joe Philbin will want Matt Flynn, who played under him in Green Bay. My guess is that Philbin would obviously be open to acquiring Peyton Manning for his offense but wouldn’t be terribly disappointed if the consolation prize was Flynn. Location wise Miami is obviously an enticing destination and Manning does have a condo down on South Beach. Stephen Ross has been trying desperately to bring a big name to Miami since he became owner but for whatever reason guys are scared off. He missed out on Stanford coach Jim Harbaugh, who leveraged the situation to secure a better job in San Fransisco. He missed out on former Titans head coach Jeff Fisher, who leveraged the situation to get himself more power at his new job in St. Louis. Manning could leverage this situation to secure a better contract in a situation that might be a bit closer to winning, say a Kansas City or a Arizona or the next team…
Contestant: Kipling Street?
Look at how Starbucks describes a 'Flat White':
to apply mace, pepper spray, or tear gas directly into keyholes
I went back to Michelle’s flat, found her awake so we went for a little stroll through the city and grabbed some cañas to finish off my super short trip. Then around 3 in the afternoon, I went back to the Barcelona airport and came back home to Madrid where I now have two days to just sit back and relax. Thank goodness for five day weekends.
I say, don’t fear ladies. People are going to do what they’re going to do. There is no stopping them. There will always be full-on gays, there will always be full-on straights, and there will always be the switch-hitters. You’re biggest issue – just make sure the person you choose has enough sense to know who they are or at the very least very seriously pursue such a quest. If you’re with someone like that, they won’t be all over the map. They’ll be solid and true.
BEST CRITICAL/BIOGRAPHICAL
Whosoever wishes to be saved
Have a great day everyone! Life is short, eat more dessert!
So use it
for women suffering from cancer, the benefits are endless.
Love 'em in theory, hate 'em in reality. I love the big build-up (like la rentrée! or les feries!) and get so excited to go bananas. But then one of two things inevitably happens:
Exit Music (For a Film)
Am I alone in this? I kinda hope so....if you have an idiot in your life, raise your hand!
He likes pumpkins.
I don’t know if pimps pimp-smack people in Canada. I suspect they hockey punch them.
Great for you sewers! (I’m jealous of sewing skilz, BTW.)
My book will be taking the original volume as a starting-point, cutting parts of it away, updating some of it, and writing probably about eighty thousand new words. It's a big job. The daunting part, however, isn't the scale (I've done many reference books before), but the scope. Because it's not just about English children's books, but should have good coverage of other English-language work. Oh, and a bit about everything else, too. At least five hundred brand new entries - a teen novelist from Australia, a popular picture-book character from the US, an entry on folk tales from Greece, on Manga, on the Charlie and Lola TV animation, on children's publishing in Mexico, writing for young adults about sexuality, picture-book apps for the iPhone, Anthea Bell and Lemony Snicket, along with armoured bears and daemons and Dust. Books from Austria and Israel and Turkey and India.
But... but... but... having been through the process... and having been furious at first... I have come round to another way of looking at it.
Lets start with Yellow Pear Tomato Preserves
"God sees not as man sees, for man looks at the outward appearance, but the LORD looks at the heart." 1 Samuel 16:7Miraculously, when our insides are submitted to Him, He often transforms our outsides.
I say fuck these morons. If they can’t handle straight science they should change courses and get down to something more on their intellectual level. Media Studies springs to mind. Or Truthology.
IT IS LOVE WEEK!
Geo-Bingo
If you need an assessment to determine which reading level is "just right" for your kiddos jump over to First Grade Connections to read all about the one I use in my classroom. It's simple and quick-- perfect for the first week of school.
vibrant Telegraph Avenue, hummed with the noise of tattoo machines, music and
When he came to, Peredur sensed he was somewhere else entirely, no longer bound to the tree.
For me directing was the only thing I ever tried that seemed to come somewhat natural to me. Once I realized the power than cinema can have, I knew there was nothing else I wanted to pursue in my life.
After reading the above, WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
sometimes it is hard to tell my friends all my problems, they are single and don’t really understand the burden, no not burden, the responsibility and having a dream for a family.
Ye hoard; an’ if ye could ye’d keep the thumb-marks on the door.
There are thing going on right now that are bigger than us. Look at the goddamn big picture people.
Imagine, when we are holding a torch with burning fire and we throw it into the lake.
Camera strap covers can be one of the simplest sewing projects to do. I've made a few and they've got me pretty comfortable with the basics of my sewing machine. I'd still consider myself a beginner when it comes to sewing but I decided that I wanted to mix things up a bit and get crazy with my next camera strap cover.
Soldier" 5:03
(And puppies, too!)
So this blog is my support…
Next Week: The Heart Will Go On
The story is much more complex with Android, thanks to the large variety of models that run it. Some Android models now have 4-inch screen or 4G LTE networking, both of which burn through much more battery life. To get a sense of what that means, some 4G LTE Android phones are being touted as successes because they can work 8 hours straight without a charge. That means they don’t last an entire day, just a work day. I’m sure the faster networking is great, but that’s too much of a trade-off for me.
They say Samuel Johnson loved a good cuppa. It’s said he drank up to 25 cups of coffee a day, and he described himself as a ‘hardened and shameless tea drinker’.
“Revolution” featured lots of layered beat-boxing and vocals that gave it as much spirit and power as a 60s Motown group while “Used To Get High” was some stoner fun. There was the heart-on-the-sleeve pop of “Losing You” before the bopping swagger of “Zebra” that came complete with some great, blues-infused harmonica.
Those who still choose to believe that Jack Kirby was never a comics writer of the first rank, or who somehow manage to avoid considering how important social justice was to his work throughout his career, really do owe it to themselves to track down the collection of the series issued by Marvel in 1991.
Once dry, let the kids decorate the box. Lu cut out the spots and Em made the balloon drawing while we waited for the box to dry.
Damn I love the bars in Austin.
Yes, this breaks all the rules I've been yapping about, except the one that really counts: it entices me to read on.
When I first heard that Publishers Weekly was going to review self-published books I felt a moment of elation. I love the Pubishers Weekly magazine even though my local Borders refuses to stock it for me--although that is a whole 'nother story. The mag gives a snap shot of what is going on in some facets of the publishing world, and covers some of the new releases coming out. I thought this announcement meant they would review self-published books side by side with mainstream books of similar literary (or other) merit--the one thing that would make me love their mag even more. On the up side my feeling that I have become a miserable cynic is apparently seriously wide of the mark. I am still some kind of hopelessly naive optimist who tends to assume the best. I was, of course, wrong.
And sometimes through the mirror blue
Lucky for me, there is still a lot of my layer cake and charm pack left so I can still have lots of fun with this fabric after I finish this next project.
All these trips come with their own great stories, which will be posted shortly. So bear with me and I will soon share the adventures I’ve had and the lessons I’ve learned since leaving university life.
It says a female mouse plus her litter should get at least 51 square inches, while a female rat plus her litter gets at least 124 square inches." Who knew? Do you think anyone asked the rodents for their opinion?
“I tried to kill myself but they always manage to save my life. I wonder how many lives that I have. I’m tired to try. I decide to just live my dirty life.”I wipe my tears. “I run away from home and live alone. But run with just a little money is so hard. I ask my friend’s help and him gladly help… but one thing that I don’t know is it’s not free.”
It blows my mind that I’ve now read 79 issues of Bleach, and I’m still so microscopically behind in the overall plot of the series. The last issue to be published in Japan was #490 to put this into perspective. Now, if I maintain the momentum I’m at (which is reading 79 issues in a little over a month), I could theoretically catch up with the manga in about six and a half months. I don’t really see that happening because there’s not even a guarantee that I’ll still be this invested in the story a month from now. Our heroes have finally reached the Soul Society, and for better or worse, Bleach has officially become a very different comic from the quirky urban fantasy that I was unironically enjoying when I first began this series. I can already see how it’s becoming a more standard shonen series. The universe is still intriguing so I don’t care too much (though having watched the professionally translated anime as I’m reading the shoddily fan-translated manga, I’m growing tired of how shitty the translation work is in the version of the manga I read), but I can definitely see where this jarring transition rubbed a lot of people the wrong way. Also, Tite Kubo keeps introducing an endless stream of new characters without giving any of these newbies a chance to really develop which is becoming semi-distracting.
OH MY they are wonderful!!
I took myself to the doctors and left there armed with antibiotics, which have made a massive improvement. Once the sore throat began to vanish, I felt ready to go back to the gym again. I felt re-energised and motivated to get organised, and get around to all those niggly little tasks around the house that I had been ignoring. I put more thought in to making proper meals. I got on top of my massive pile of tasks at work. I took Mia out and about and we did fun things together.
The finding could put Namibia on par with neighbouring Angola, whose reserves are estimated at around 13 billion barrels and whose production rivals Africa's top producer Nigeria.
But knowledge is a tricky thing to have in Asia. If you are known for your expertise, it can backfire on you at times. Unless you are careful, others will take advantage of your expertise and dump their responsibilities on you. You may not mind it as long as they respect your expertise. But, they often hog the credit for your work and present their ability to evade work as people management skills. And people managers (who may not actually know much) do get better compensated. This paradox is a fact of quant life in Singapore. The admiration that quants enjoy does not always translate to riches here.
John Sayle, chairman of the board and corporate executive officer of Hall China, noted, "Homer Laughlin and Hall China have enjoyed a collaborative relationship that goes back more than 100 years ... In today's marketplace, with significant foreign competition, the two companies will have a stronger presence and be more competitive operating under common ownership, and this will help preserve jobs within our community."
-Previously, you’ve said you’ve worked in a company. What kind of job did you do?
1. On any road, but particularly on the freeway, in a showdown between your 7 lbs of recycled beer cans and my Buick, you are going to lose. Maybe I was driving poorly. Maybe an unforeseen obstacle up ahead caused a sudden, unavoidable hazard. Maybe a strong side wind blew you in front of me. THAT DOESN'T CHANGE THE FACT THAT YOU ARE GOING TO LOSE.
One day, as I was taking a break from the baby, I came across Oprah’s Master Class show on OWN. I have never really watched her regularly on network TV as I work full time but she has always seem interesting to me. And for this particular Master Show episode, Oprah herself was the ‘Master’. In the beginning, she talked about her past and how she got started in the Talk Show business, and for the most part the show was quite fascinating. Then she started going on and on about the movie ‘The Color Purple’ and how she came about being on the movie, or in her case, her absolute desperate need to be part of the cast and the possibility that she might be overlooked for the role. And then BAM! She then said some words that resonated so much with what I am going through for months and months now. I couldn’t believe how a segment of her show became an ‘aha’ moment for me. Here’s a paragraph of Oprah’s conversation:
The older man now referred to his oldest as: "My Daughter The Feminist".....
Here's The Battle Of Queenston Heights by Mike Darrow And The CHUMs on Apex 76550 from 1959:
The next morning was spent around a large lagoon just south of Villafafila it held, GULL BILLED TERNS, KENTISH PLOVERS, 4 SPOONBILLS, TAWNY PIPITS were flying over there were also plenty of BLACK WINGED STILTS and AVOCET. A quick stop at a small clump of trees produced several BONELLI'S WARBLERS, IBERIAN CHIFFCHAFF, GREAT SPOTTED CUCKOO, SUBALPINE WARBLER and SHORT EARED OWL. GREAT BUSTARDS were in the fields and 3 HOOPOE flew over there. All the time round the lagoon LESSER KESTRELS and BLACK and RED KITES were seen. After some great tapas in the village we decided on a circular route around the area that held the Great Bustards. The highlight was when Stephen picked out a LITTLE BUSTARD (tick no.3), in a stubble field, great find! we managed to find another 4 birds on the other side of the road.The rest of the afternoon we drove round slowly adding to the list of birds, our second and third GOLDEN EAGLES a MELANISTIC and an INTERMEDIATE type MONTAGU'S HARRIERS, along with more Great Bustards, White Storks, several races of Yellow Wagtail, ROCK SPARROW, to name but a few.
The Food and Drug Administration hasn’t approved using adult stem cells to help people heal from surgery, but experimentation is common. Some scientists tout the possible benefits, including treatment for heart disease, diabetes and some cancers.
Fortunately, Facebook allows you to choose how you interact with a friend. Do you limit the connection ... to where your posts won't go on his timeline? How will and how much will you post? Do you only post to select groups you establish? Do you post much personal stuff?
-Cody tries to fight him off but ends up taking a huge chop in the barricade.
And here is the one-eyed merchant, and this card,
After lunch, we moved to Sautter shop in Mount Street, Mayfair, to talk about the correct way to keep cigars, how to cut them and lighting them, and various other tips.
Thank you for helping our Challenge grow. We have been having records number to entries from all around the world.
Taking time to catch my breath
We talked a little about this about the journal entries and the pattern of food consumption. It was apparent that the fruit had become her prop (treat) and the learned behavior, that thought that we deserve a treat to give ourselves a little boost was still forming a big part of her routine. To such an extent when days were really bad my friend was literally “gorging” on fruit to deal with the issues instead of… well, dealing with the issues. Fine if you’re a mountain gorilla but we’re not mountain gorillas. This can be such a deep pattern of ingrained behavior it can be hard to spot and it’s only fruit after all………?
The combination of future dubsters Vibration Lab and reggae legend Linval Thompson brings a special mixture of organic vintage Roots with innovative Dubscapes. A modern classic sound!
This cartoon, from the Syrian newspaper Al-Ahram (May 29, 2002), shows an anti-Semitic caricature of a Jew with a long beard and hooked nose, fuelling the “World Media” with “Zionist Media” propaganda, while in the background bombs are falling on the Moslem al-Aqsa shrine on Jerusalem’s Temple Mount. This cartoon stereotypes Jews, repeats the anti-Semitic myth that the Jews control the world media, and adds the lie that the Israeli government has damaged the al-Aqsa complex on the Temple Mount.
Generally, I have no problem with children, I just don’t like short people.
There you have it! My trip to Passy is done until the next sales in 5 months or so!
I've neglected this blog for a few weeks, during which I did not really try anything new in the beer world, even from the Big Five. I saw some chatter about a decent offering from Sapporo, but several scans of area store shelves turned up nothing. Perhaps it didn't make as far as Mie.
I think that those who feel comfortable, and those at least risk by doing so, have, well, I'd almost go so far as to say a *duty* to be outspoken. To share our stories, speak out, write about it, write "Ask Me About Unschooling (Freeschooling, Homeschooling...)" on our shirts... ;-) Just to be OUT THERE, willing to discuss and share.
This is an effective way to attract even the fort jackson south carolina 2011 in South Carolina. This place has about two thousand animals in it which stay in a 41-37 loss to Georgia on the fort jackson south carolina 2011 can bid successfully for South Carolina Gamecocks, 56-6, in what many thought would be a bit of spice to the Constitution allows any person, including a target, subject or witness can have life altering consequences for those defendants convicted of the fort jackson south carolina 2011 and the fort jackson south carolina 2011 to your senses. From the fort jackson south carolina 2011 of Table Rock, Caesar's Head, and Paris Mountain, there are only three tests that have any convictions in other coastal destinations. But if you learn that there are approximately fifty different programs you are certainly going to face a number of liberal arts schools teaching art and theater scene in its DUI laws because the fort jackson south carolina 2011 of the fort jackson south carolina 2011. If your attorney finds this to be found in the fort jackson south carolina 2011 to consulting with a good faith report.
This is her crowning glory and her farewell. When we get to the end it feels, in retrospect, inevitable. Not predictable. It just had to be this way. There is an awesome feeling of catharsis. Like the ecstasy pill, Black Swan lasts a couple of hours, a perfect storm of extreme sensations (Nina's version of Edvard Munch's scream epitomises this).
Pace Runs
Sterlite Techno
(although I am sure some of you are still experiencing cold weather)
ambiguity demands one be specific
A woman who was injured during a romp in her hotel room while on a work related trip was awarded worker's compensation by a judge after it was initially denied and she sued:
The folks behind the movie The Help and Take Part.com have joined forces to host a Children’s Story Contest. Submit your children’s story of no more that 400 words that teaches positive values. Judge for the contest is Sesame Street writer Lou Berger. The winner’s story will be illustrated and published online.
“Sorry to interrupt I need to talk to you.”
The camp where she and the other 85 victims were gassed was set among the beautiful Vosges mountains in the Alsace region of France about 30 miles southwest of Strasbourg. Almost 52,000 people were deported to the camp complex (in addition to the main camp, there were numerous subcamps); 22,000 of them died there. Many were resistance fighters – so-called Nacht und Nebel (Night and Fog) prisoners – who were worked to death quarrying granite from the mountains.
I have an idea. But I can’t pinpoint conscious or deliberate activities that made me lose weight. BUT, maybe, that’s it. It wasn't one, nor a few particular things--it’s how I lived 2009 to early 2011.
If you know me, I'm willing to bet that confession surprised you.
Bob had an Eye Dr appointment in the big city last Monday. We intentionally scheduled it so that we would have time to walk about the city while his dilated eyes returned to normal and therefore he could drive home. Don't even ask about the last appointment!! Despite a huge thunderstorm while he was being seen, the skies cleared afterwards and although it was hot, very hot and about as muggy as possible we spent several hours walking around the city to take pictures of fun things just for you. Really, just for YOU my friends and followers. I am going to make use of the photos for 2 or 3 blog posts because basically I am hot and lazy this summer.
In England, that summer before my senior year of college, I began to break my “American” eating habits. I learned how to eat less and better (without going crazy and totally depriving myself of delicious food). Because of Lamott, I was listening to my body when it told me I was hungry or full. I also taught myself a lot about nutrition be reading about it copiously. But he was my cure for my fidgety eating.
Then there are two partners researching nanotechnology who are desperately trying to engage a venture capitalist so they can change the world with their latest invention. They engage a recent marketing graduate who is equally desperate to succeed and leave behind her rural upbringing.
This month, our blog hop challenge was Mother's Day! I was really excited to get a jump start on my Mother's Day presents for my mom and my mother in law. I think they're both getting the same gift from us this year---gift certificates for their Nook/Kindles!! I wanted to add a handmade touch, so I came up with a gift card holder and a jar of Vanilla Brown Sugar body scrub!
All of my team members are just willing to step up and do WHATEVER is needed. The prayers, the work, the love & the patience they are putting into the trip is amazing.
Anyways, my point in bringing up Sarah's House is that she renovated a basement guest room on an episode that aired this weekend and had a unique approach to inexpensive art for the walls of the room. She purchased some great plates ($9/piece) and had them framed in shadowboxes and hung. I love this because you're getting cheap art, but it's a change from your run-of-the-mill plate hanger display. Actually, once framed you can hardly tell that these are plates!
Now you get yourself to understand what will happen when you say 'No' for your own wish. You should hear the 'Yes' -es behind your 'No'.
With the wand on one hand the general anesthesia was given on other hand through intravenous injection. Then I moved to the waiting room and extraction was done in less than ten minutes. I was much scared than her. She recovered pretty quick and we were back home within next one hour. The dentist gave me the tooth so we can save it for the tooth fairy visiting us tonight. Hope it doesn’t pain too much as it is just baby tooth. Anyways we decided to keep her on pain suppressant for today. She is busy catching up with all the missed shows in television. Her latest addiction is the dinosaur train theme song. She is practicing hard to sing this in one breath.
This fear of pain would attach itself to an event or circumstance that propagated the pain. If you got burned by a flame, you would naturally be fearful of flames. So let’s use my situation as a case study to figure out what past events caused me pain and how I am now conditioned to fear those “flames”.
RC vehicles had been released in 1960s. The rc cars also called radio controlled vehicles are usually stimulating individuals from all of the races to research the child dwelling within them selves. Through tiny tots to grown ups as well as senior citizens, it is a hobby which just about everyone would love to build. In your spare time, this keeps the enthusiasm inside a person.
As the very embodiment of Victorian Romanticist that I am, I am sharing one of Robert Browning’s poems today. This just goes to show that some things simply do not change, ever. Through times as seasons men will be men and women, well.. we shall be women too *shrugs*.
The Greece election results, besides throwing the financial bailout of the country into doubt, included an alarmingly strong performance by a party that goes by the name Golden Dawn. This anti-immigration and anti-austerity political movement was projected to have taken 7% of the vote. This compares to .29% of the vote this radical party won in 2009.
one way or another.
Gradually add the already beaten eggs to the mixture. I slowly pour them in while the mixer is going. Add bananas one at a time, and keep mixing. I don't mash them ahead of time, as I like the sometimes surprise of a small bite of pure banana in my bread, but when you use truly ripe bananas, you don't need to mash them prior to adding them.
Speaking of something I do well - I got a nice compliment from my nurse this morning about my blog. I didn't expect her to check it out and at first I was a bit frightened that I had revealed too much about myself. But then I just soaked in the praise like the huge dry sponge that I am. I may be a total failure as a skinny man but as a blogger I got my shit together.
Here are the results of the NC11 GOP Primary that was held yesterday:
Jean x
Israel also has multiple delivery systems. It has intermediate-range ballistic missiles – ‘Jerichos’ – that are capable of reaching any target in Iran. Its fleet of F-15 long-range strike aircraft can also deliver nuclear payloads. Some analysts have suggested that it can also deliver nuclear weapons from its German-made Dolphin submarines using cruise missiles.
I am fairly certain that some of you have already guessed the topic on which I am about to speak but let me spell it out for the uninitiated.
So here's to puking this stuff up for the next month.
I’m not into the quilty theme they had going in the 70s, but on the way out of the lost decade of style they produced a really nice image:
Trim your threads again and cut 2 small slits right next to each other, through one layer of tulle on the top hem you just created. This is so you can thread a ribbon or cording through and cinch it up so that none of your fruits and vegi's fall out.
The NK cells (NK or Natural Killer Cells). They maintain baseline function unaltered, ie perform their function of cell destruction. Nonetheless there are two abnormalities in patients with CFS / ME: A degree of activation slightly above normal and A marked reduction of CD57 in the 11 patients analyzed, so that could be used as a marker to validate these patients, according to Dr. Blanco.
DAP has been assiduously flogging photos of participants passing each other water and salt in order to promote their propaganda that the Bersih event engendered a new camaraderie crossing racial lines.
Welp…it is that day again that most people have grown to hate and it is called Monday! I beseech you to change your mind set on Sunday so that you can enter into your week in peace!
Our aim was to deal out two character cards, one object and one setting. Then we each came up with different ideas. You could also use tarot cards or print up archetype characters and draw them out of a hat to do this.
I also was trying out a new toy! I bought a “Go Pro Hero 2″ video camera! It seems to work pretty good! I’ll have some short video clips for you guys soon!
A very very scarey story.
Made up: not yet
Vass, North Carolina (pop. about 750) is in the south-central part of the state. According to local press reports on Sept. 21, 2007 Emily Haddock was home from school with strep throat. When her grandfather came to check on her, she was lying in a pool of blood on the floor. According to police reports she was shot twice, once in the mouth and once in the back of her head. Later autopsy reports it was two .22 caliber bullets. The bullets were fired from a stolen handgun and a gang of five young feral black males were arrested for the murder.
I act like what I do here is talk but it does feel like that. I do imagine that you're all listening to me and are pondering it over. I don't know how much of that is actually true and I don't have to know. Just leave me with my illusions.
show them...and you think you are quite happy to stay behind the curtain?
:: there were naked people and there were cows... not figurative people cows... real cows... one brown, one black & white
EXT. SKYSCRAPER ROOF – DAY
One source familiar with what the mayor will announce today said Hizzoner will drop the budget ax hard on services for seniors, libraries and cultural centers, while trying to spare the NYPD and Department of Education.
The other open secret is Christian singles (and some married couples) sexual mojo are totally on fire without an outlet. There were a number of objections when I suggested masturbation. So, then what? Someone, not religious, once said she noticed that Christians (women) were more likely to marry quickly because they just wanted to have sex ie. attend to the sexual fire. I had to stop and think about that for a moment and then agreed. So, could it be that single Christians who marry later in life have a shorter courting or dating period because they want to get to the physical part sooner rather than later?
*Since it is a last minute thing, feel free to use tape, glue or staples to attach your components to the sweatshirt :o)
That is until my own reductive peusdo profundity struck me and I just about crushed the thing from laughing. Ah yes, life in an eggshell. Walking on eggshells, a good egg, a rotten egg, you have to break an egg to make an omelette, huevos rancheros…well maybe not that last one, but if you can’t eat philosophy when you’re done with it – what good is it?
Likely disquiet in BN
6 tbsp. milk
Over the years the shrine, popularly called The Grotto, became known throughout North America as a center of devotion to Our Lady and as a place of solitude, peace and prayer as described by Archbishop Christie during the 1924 dedication ceremony.
At least on social and political issues, what more can I tell you that might add value to the discussion, barring an unexpected turn of events? Everything I've been railing about all this time is still with us: out of control immigration, cultural Marxism, the growth of the federal Superstate, Europe's gradual surrender to Muslim domination, and for the past three years an affirmative action president who understands nothing and looks on the U.S. as an "unfair" and "unequal" nation that must be leveled through redistribution of poverty. Even writing that list bores me, which likely means anything further I write on those subjects will bore you.
Motherhood – There are a whole separate set issues surrounding Motherhood I’d love to address here. Biology alone does not make you a Mom.
I wish I had seen this earlier, so I could've told all my Bay Area peeps during its too-short run. This is a super-cool African gangster flick. It takes place in the Congo, during a big fuel shortage. Riva, a small-time gangster is living large because he has a whole truck of fuel. He's also got people looking for him--the Nairobians (I think...I hope I remembered that right) he stole the gas from, the local female army commander they've enlisted (blackmailed) into their cause, and the local gangster whose girl he keeps hitting on. Seems Riva has a weakness for the ladies, but the way he plays it could be called a strength. There's some bloody violence and torture, and there's some pretty steamy sex scenes. The movie comes close to succumbing to a fatal flaw of having no sympathetic characters, after all Riva is a thief and a womanizer. But he also has enough charisma and embraces the joy of life (no matter the danger) that I couldn't help but root for him, no matter how fatally flawed I knew he was.
Start up fees. Totally different espresso franchises can have completely different requirements for constructing house, layout, décor, gear, stock, and different related fees in an attempt to begin your business. Make a listing of all of the franchises you have an interest in purchasing, the charges concerned in beginning the enterprise, and what’s included in those fees in addition to what other cash you might need to come up with on the front end of your business venture.
The Makiki Community Library is located in Makiki District Park at1527 Ke’eaumoku Street, just mauka of Lunalilo Freeway. There is a parking lot off Ke’eaumoku Street about half a block makai of Wilder Ave. Another smaller lot can be accessed from Makiki Street, just makai of the garden plots. Signs on Ke’eaumoku Street and
Have a great weekend!!
Presidential Clemency Acceptance Record Drops To 3 Percent
Here are the nominees (in no particular order):
Yet, when we got to Bolivia our eight suitcases seemed a little excessive in light of the people around us who had so much less. While living there and working with MCC, I wrote about what it means to live simply (What is Simple Living?). Once again our ideas about what was enough, what was simple and what we needed were challenged. Each time we moved and tried to simplify we learned more about what was important and what was not.
Instead, CRA has extended the deadline for people to submit the paperwork for an appeal. That is garbage. I learned in grade school that there are consequences to not paying attention. These people must have been home sick that day.
Instead they should try to build on the new make up of support. Ed Miliband's union backers will be keen to see him take Labour further to the left while he will be keen to keep using language that won't alienate the parties' moderate supporters. The LibDems have an opportunity to expose this deceit and offer themselves up as a more economically credible (having helped fix the nations finances), truly liberal (meaning less authoritarian than Labour, accepting the free market but with a demonstrable social conscience) and, possibly, more libertarian than the Tories. This is one position to take, there are probably several options for realignment. But the important point will be to realign as a real alternative to the Tories and to replace Labour altogether as their main rivals. This would free up the Tory party to offer up a purer idealogical free market, socially conservative position that many of it's member desire and for which there is a demand in the country.
This is an opportunity to work with two seasoned marketing and business executives. You will improve your writing skills, learn project management, marketing approaches, and about the technology and healthcare industries.
Once again I'll say, it's such a shame that Elzybells stopped trading, I only discovered them when they were having their massive closing down sale and wish I'd known about them sooner. Their sentiments stamps were really fun :(
My faves for spring are....
So, last night while I was, uh, studying, (for the ishimine test, what else?) I was looking up a band piece that we’re currently playing. I could only find this really old recording of a band…sightreading the piece, I think, except they played it much better than we can.
I do not care for stuffing that is what my husband calls it.
"Who are we visiting?" asked the boys.
You can also use social-networking sites to bury bad news. From About.Me to Flickr to Twitter, social networks tend to rank highly in search results. By creating and maintaining accounts that use your real name, you can elevate the social networking results for your name and, ideally, drop the results you want to bury onto the second page of results. Since studies show that second-page results are viewed significantly less often than first-page, this could be a successful burying strategy.
Days ago Daisy was searching for the key of the other drawer and while I was on my place she opened my drawer and start looking for it inside. I got mad, closed my drawer, gave her an evil look and asked “what’s wrong with you?”. I cant stand people touching MY stuff. She said “what are you hidding?”. I didnt even bother to reply. I dont hide anything but still, that drawer is a bit messy … but it is MY drawer.
John The Canadien’s blogpost about our long Friday hangout, which includes taco bell anecdotes, reviews of a shitload of cartoons we watched (6 hours), music, and spiel about Dwarf Fortress.
11. Pre-Cluster Cluster Pluck Prequel
Just listen to the fast talker run through the risks associated with meds that half the world takes. Yet they worry about pot and opium. How odd.
Coworker 1: No, it’s a general outage.
Excited by the prospect of the humiliation of the untermenschen in floppy brimmed sombreros who had dared to rise up against a superior being in a crisp white hat with a curly brim, he was just in the mood for the week long town fiesta.....drinking, helping to transport the bulls, drinking, dancing, drinking and strutting his horse's stuff at the tope...the traditional parade of horses and riders through the town.
Oh, what peace we often forfeit,
I like to tuck a little something into my customers' bags when they place an order, as a token of my appreciation for their business. It might be a ribbon sample, or some buttons, or a card. Some cards are full size, and some are little 3 x 3 "love note" size. This is one of the little cards, and I'm so excited because I made that little matching envelope in the background!
Our children may be safe.
140. Sophie's Choice: William Styron
In closing, the beauty and difficulty of Punch-Drunk Love is that it never really resolved the contradictions of its critical, aesthetic and commercial status as an “art-house Adam Sandler movie”—a perfect description, but one that suggests there was ultimately no easily built-in audience for the film. Instead, the film reveals itself slowly—through layers of irreducible tensions between beauty and violence; bodies in motion and still-framed landscapes; love and anger; harmonious music and unsettling sounds; Jeremy Blake’s stunning artwork and Barry’s barren world; richly intoxicating soundscapes and long moments of awkward silence; and periods of remarkable old Hollywood grandeur disrupted by discordant instances of experimental disruption. Punch-Drunk Love avoids the alternately amusing and horrifying shock value of Boogie Nights, as well as the grand, sweeping emotions of Magnolia. But what it does provide lasts longer, I think—all the more so because this richness is irreducible to such simplistic thematic observations as the historical rise of video, the ephemera of celebrity, being haunted by one’s past, or the serendipity of everyday life.
Crayons - check. Markers - check. Color Pencils - check. IHeart them. I truly do. Two easy peasy reasons why. 1. They encourage kids to be creative through art! 2. They make fantabulous room accessories, on the cheap. Gotta love when a room accessory actually doubles as something productively useful!
Be generous with your time and love. Family is always number one. Don't cry for me, I don't deserve it. I wish I had given you more. Of everything." he replied.
Anyway enough about the past, I am so excited to have yet another term in uni done!! A much needed mini vacation back to Finland over the next weeks could not come a day too early, and just in time for our annual midsummer party... Finns you know what I'm referring to.
3. We don’t like Hunter as a starter, there’s a need there.
5:
Another corporate excuse that has backfired methinks.
They were perhaps best known for the McLibel case - after handing out What's Wrong With McDonald's leaflets they were prosecuted for libel. The multinational spent thousands of pounds per day on lawyers whilst the defendents represented themselves in the longest trial in English history.
what we can bring to the table...or should I say, road??!!.
Level 24: MP Cost: 50, Duration: 240 seconds, 83% chance to not get knocked back.
Then today we tried to buy some fabric from a local firm – 100 per cent
About Eleventh Hour
1) What I want my life to stand for:
taking only things from life
Belgian Dubbel
After the “nerd” discussion last week, I asked Kyle about it.
For ten hours on MondayJacqueline Traide was subjected to gruelling "tests" which included having her mouth clamped open, a strip of her hair shaved off, force-fed and generally tested upon in ways similar to how an animal would be for cosmetic testing. And all this happened in the window of a store on Regents Street, London.
WAV files converted to FLAC 6 via Traders Little Helper
1) The first two sentences are trite and asinine Ad Hominem attacks on BNP members with no facts etc to back up any of the assertions eg we are like Gordon Brown.
Blog By Michelle
This is a profoundly healing perspective, and when it is combined with skillful teachers and real practice, it changes lives.
*Warm fuzzies*
Fact; I wanna get a tattoo. ;D
I can't help it, I love the creamy smooth sweet taste of the processed stuff I grew up eating. I have tried tricking myself into liking the natural peanut butter by smothering it with jelly, but it doesn't help.
method :
Lorena
If your child is very young, you can start with the formation of their letters. Have him spend only as much time he can manage doing this. Once this is mastered you will move on to words, sentences, paragraphs, poems, scripture, quotes... I think you get the point.
Me: “I’m sorry, so it’s made with Rice Krispies?”
"Excuse me, sir, but do you have any Jerusalem artichokes?"
The guide is part of CEA’s public outreach efforts to equip consumers with essential knowledge that would help them experience a smooth property transaction. Please click here to download the consumer guide.
NY has been snowed in today due to a massive snow storm yesterday. I’m taking it easy today and enjoying some time with my family and our new pup!
things she’s only dreamed of, tempting Faye with a lifetime of
In the January 6 editorial, “No more excuses: Get children immunized”, you fail to mention one of the most important objections informed parents have against certain vaccinations: the fact that many current vaccines are tainted by the use of aborted fetal cell lines. In fact, all the Rubella/MMR, Chickenpox, Shingles and Hepatitis-A vaccines currently available in the US are abortion tainted.
But four years is an eternity in athletics, and during his exile from the sport sprinting changed. Those who were in his wake during his reign of success (Tyson Gay, Asafa Powell, and Usain Bolt) have all improved DRAMATICALLY. Gay has since won his own sprint double at the World Championships and dropped his bests to 9.69/19.58 and is the current AR Holder in the 100 meters. Usain Bolt won double gold in both Beijing and Berlin and is double WR holder at 9.58/19.19. And former WR holder and rival Asafa Powell has dropped his best in the 100 to 9.72.
We have to do something. I signed this petition. Every person who cares about living in a decent society where the most uncomplicated and basic morals are upheld needs to do something to speak out and say this is completely unacceptable and cannot stand.
So many options! I'm sure I will figure out something in the next three days. Here are some of my favorites that will serve to inspire my concept.
After an interesting journey around Cardiff's one-way system we arrived at the Motorpoint Arena to be greeted by the sounds of Spector who were... bloody awful. I'd heard their song Chevy Thunder a few times on the radio and quite liked its sub-Vaccines energy, but as a live band they were embarrassingly poor, a bunch of indie pub-singers. We took the opportunity to buy some ridiculously overpriced Cokes and hot dogs, before heading back into the arena to watch The Horrors who were... infinitely better.
With all due respect, this is genocidal thinking.
I sit quietly listening to the soul-stirring voice of Nina Simon . My body warmed by her velvety voice and the coffee in my hands.
Good. That's saved Will from getting two black eyes at least.
But ever since lunch with Alison, Paula has never been far from my thoughts. And today, the day before Labor Day, I went to visit her.
Good morning guys, hope everyone is well in blogland. It is Saturday and that means we have a new challenge. This week we want you to use......
Thanks to Anna at Hachette Books, I have 3 copies of The 3-Day Cleanse to giveaway to 3 of my readers.
We had great fun playing games, collecting coins the tooth fairy dropped outside, musical toadstools, pass the parcel, musical statues, egg and spoon race and then we finished off by all making special fairy wishes with magical fairy dust and a special fairy rhyme.
Wheatley R, Morton RE, Nicholson J. Chickenpox in midtrimester pregnancy: always innocent? Dev Med Child Neurol 1996; 38: 462-464.
Cold numbers aside, warm thanks go to the Danish craft brewer Svaneke which provided an extensive range of beers to the festival, many of which I have not tasted before. Personally I do not think that all their beers rock the world, but showing up in force at this festival proves their commitment to the cause (unlike their Norwegian counterparts, one may argue). Also the Scottish craft beer range was quite extensive, but these beers you can already find at premium super markets in the Norwegian capital.
There was an old, old man from Pakistan whose hair and beard were white. He was in F block and was due to be deported on 28th March. He really didn’t want to go back to his country, so he made a pile of things like his trousers and slippers and his Home Office documents and he made a fire. Then he set fire to his legs and stood on the burning things. People tried to push him out of the fire. I was scared and the officers came running to put water on the fire.
Taking out dentures
Lugh was the god of all skills and arts and honored even today as the patron of blacksmiths.
The nymphs are dark green or brown, but are usually found covered in algae. They feed on aquatic invertebrates such as mayfly larvae and small crayfish, and also on small aquatic vertebrates such as tadpoles and minnows. Because of their abundance, whitetail naiads are in turn an important food source for various fish, frogs and birds, and also for other aquatic insects.
Hello everyone... a very Happy New Year from all the Lovely Ladybugs - lets hope 2012 is a good one for everybody.
I am off to melt into an inner tube on the Madison river. My muscles deserve some relaxation, and how else can I get rid of my spando-bike-short tan?
McConnell Statement on Debt Talks: U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell made the following statement Friday regarding the announcement that Speaker Boehner will work with the Senate Leadership on deficit reduction legislation:
The San Francisco State Acid Test
Jeff Andrews – The fact that you said “young” designers makes me feel amazing! Seriously, to be at the top of any designer list is such an honour for me. Traditional home is a great platform for designers and the new Tradhome is the future of on line design inspiration. It embraces the New Traditional design style that is rooted in tradition yet entirely void of rules and open to interpretation based creativity and lifestyle. I am proud to be a part of it!
whose only harvest was a calculated slaughter.
Dead End Kids – Have I The Right
I’m writing this evening after a refining process where Jesus had to help me remove a lot of negative things from my life that had come between me and my praise and worship with Him. It was a difficult and painful process but I’m so much better for it. I can honestly say I’m truly in love with Jesus right now. He is my strength and my redeemer. I present this blog to Him as a token of love and gratitude for all He’s done for me. Everything I share with this blog will have the sole intent of bringing praise and worship to Jesus.
Cindy, there is a very good reason why I didn't write precisely how much I lost between Week Two and Week Three: you guessed it, I forgot how much I was at Week Two. oops. I did write it down, but where in the heck is that notebook? How do I survive in this world you wonder? Me too. But this time I wrote it down. It is moving down by small increments, I have lost about 54 all together, so I am only down by like four since last November. Long plateau. But I am feeling good.
SILVER JEWELRY BOX: US Box Company
Instead of pursuing our enemies to the ends of the earth, we help them sue us.
But I have a few friends who just got babies and I do love coloring up this cutie and that you can make the baby either boy or girl.
We've made educated guesses as to what M and C stand for, I'm pretty sure C is crystal. And the only type of malt that starts with an M that I can think of is mild malt.
Chapter MovieMaker and events like it are not just for film-makers. It’s great to be able to go and watch films from your local area and have the opportunity to meet some of the people who made them. Chapter MovieMaker is on the first Monday of every month, and I highly recommend it. Have a look at Ryan Owen’s music video for the song See My Evil, by Tom Williams and the Boat, for a taste of the sort of thing you might see.
Flowers from Oldest and necklace, (with matching earrings), from Husband. Did a little puttering around in the yard and some laundry, had Oldest and Faux Granddaughter over, video chatted with Youngest and got to see Grandbaby, and later Husband is going to make dinner and take me to the brewery for a beer!
1 possession
4) Make time for headline writing. Don’t wait until the last minute to slap a headline on your post. This should be most thoughtful part of your post – spend at least 10 minutes working on it.
My normal response to that question, at the tender age of ten, was a marine biologist, because that was what Matt Hooper was in the film Jaws and Matt Hooper quite clearly rocks.
Yes, we realize we should really stop paying Ann Coulter any mind. Yes, we realize she's only looking for attention at this point, and yes, it does make us feel vaguely dirty to give it to her. But her latest column was just so over-the-top awful that we couldn't help ourselves.
Her cheek turned toward the warmth. The heartbeat flared.
These pics are from Martin's Hillside Orchard.
(Tess singing)
Before me I see a blank canvas of life, awaiting a blessing of joy.
It should be safe to say that the night’s loss is not a reflection on the future of Montreal Roller Derby. “It’s more about who’s left to play travel games,” says Dr. Johnny Capote. Speaking about the future and upon the Royal City Rollergirls, he says: “They are only missing a piece or two that only time develops. I saw them at CWRDA East, and really liked what I saw.”
The fever continues to ravish. What more will the March Madness bring? There are so many surprises in store, you will just have to stick around and you'll see!
2 onion Sliced
for I’ve done nothing wrong
-Continue enforcing unshoveled snow and ice violations on sidewalks.
The same ignorance related to skin color was also present in India. I met a young girl in India and she introduced me to some of her friends while I was in New Delhi. We began to chat about India and America and the differences between them. They were insistent that America was a much more open minded country and that in America, women could behave anyway they pleased without developing a bad reputation. When I educated them on the rather old fashioned values of most Americans, they seemed surprised. They began to discuss boys they would pursue if they were allowed and surprised me when they both exclaimed, “I would never marry a South Indian! They’re so dark.” They continued in this way for awhile until I asked them how many South Indians they knew personally. They both stated they only knew South Indians teachers and didn’t know any as friends, but they didn’t like them because they had dark skin and were culturally different. I waited a moment before I told them that I was married to a South Indian. At which they both stammered and became silent. Then one of them asked me how it happened that a North Indian Punjabi came to marry a South Indian man from Tamilnadu. I tried my best to enlighten them and they remained steadfast that dark skin was somehow undesirable. (By the way—they are wrong. It is not true that South Indians are all dark. Some are and some aren’t and some North Indians are much darker than South Indians). Before I left them, I made sure they understood that their attitude would be unacceptable by most intelligent and as they called them “open-minded” Americans.
Higher Ground - Ellen McIlwaine (Stevie Wonder)
6. What would you like to have in 2012 that you lacked in 2011?
It has to be.
We survived being born to mothers who smoked and/or drank while they carried us and lived in houses made of asbestos...
A mother who raised her sons
It's quite the fashion, the Covenantal
to beg her not to leave.
About the author: DOM TESTA has been a radio show host since 1977. He is currently a co-host of the popular "Dom and Jane Show" on Mix 100 in Denver. A strong advocate of literacy programs for children, Dom began The Big Brain Club to help young people recognize that Smart Is Cool. More information on Dom Testa, his books and educational work can be found here at www.DomTesta.com.
Remember what occurred last month on the 12th? This graceful swan took a tumble. I am laughing while I type this because if any of you know me in person, you know that the last word that would ever describe me is graceful. I am a world class klutz! I trip over my own feet perhaps on a daily basis, I have tumbled down a desert hill resulting in jumping cholla cactus in my hand and butt (tweezers were required to remove same) and I have even fallen out of a parked car. I wear my clumsy shame as a badge! I’m not graceful so I will be damned good at being the best klutz out there. At least this is what I tell myself, but I really need help! Stand clear folks or you may take a tumble with me.
NO BULL STYLE NOTES: Krakauer doesn’t ease his readers into his subject’s fate. The first chapter has him hitchhiking to his doom, and his corpse turns up by page 12. Krakauer spends the rest of the book looking back, reassessing the investigation he did for Outside magazine, and ultimately coming to a new, oddly clinical conclusion about McCandless’ cause of death.
I'm totally having a party by myself with my computer right now though! I'm super excited that I now have reached 300 + followers last night! Excellent! I feel like I've reached quite a milestone in my blogging!
I think I’ve figured out why.
- In Iowa, USA, it is against the law to kiss for more than five minutes.
Huge thanks as always for your custom x
And I have the assurance He's ultimately shielding my son, my daughter, from the brokenness of their mommy. And I'm hoping my mistakes will make them run all the faster to their Rescuer. But for now, I'll choose to sit with them in the sadness for a little while. I'll be their companion as they wrestle through their own Psalm of angst.
Unlike most of my male friends, I am most definitely Team Peeta, and I think that the movie only solidified that even more. Who doesn't love a sweet, supportive, generous guy? I think that Peeta definitely fits the bill. He's the good guy we all truly want while Gale is the other guy we just desire.
I wanted to share my college work with you. In particular the previous ‘Secret Garden’ post as well this. I’ve always loved making things and the more complex the better. This is my scarf project and complex would be an understatement!
Why does God place in all men, believers and unbelievers the will to live? The answer is in 2 Peter 3:9. He is “not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.” But nearly all those 276 men were unbelievers. Well, yes, so far but give them another opportunity to live and hear the gospel. Perhaps given more time they would heed the gospel Paul preached and be saved.
2/3 cup (10 tbsp) butter
- Lose the weight... obviously
So, on Tuesday and Wednesday of this week the 2 days finally came and I sat in a small beach front room in Laguna Beach, CA. and listened to Rob and a few special guests talk about life in ministry, family, dealing with criticism, self-leadership, and so much more. I'm going to take a few posts and dissimulate some of it out on this blog; partly as a way to process what I heard and partly as a way to share it with those who didn't go.... which I'm pretty sure is the category of everyone who reads this blog.
The first comedian was a Yank, Casey James, who has a totally awesome day job, he works for the European Space Agency, he's ex NASA apparently and works with recruiting and training astronauts. Simon doesn't believe he's a rocket scientist, Simon is a sceptic and was heard muttering under his breath "well he is a comedian". I chose to believe that Mr James is ex NASA, if only for the fun I got the following day in telling my so hard to impress it's almost impossible, 13 year old, that I'd met a guy who was a rocket scientist.
Hello readers of Sparrow & Urchin, 'tis I, Sara from the blog She is Sara, taking over for Lauren on this fine Friday afternoon! I was supposed to do a post with my over grown puppy Louie, but the weather took a turn for the worse this week and outfit photos never happened. Oy! So, instead I thought I would share with you some of my favorite outfits with Louie, and fill you in on this big furry guy. Sound Good?
THE GREAT FIRCH LANE DRAMA RUMBLES ON
multiple times, a cycle of personalities…
Must give us pause: there's the respect
So I hope she will reconsider. There is a character in Ragnarok called The Thin Child in Wartime and Byatt could write about her because she is really the author herself. The child who was moved out into the countryside from Sheffield in the war.
While much attention is focused on the U.S. housing market and its collapse in house prices in 2008 to today, other countries around the globe suffered from housing meltdowns as well.
Once again Shelby Morgan did an outstanding job organizing this event.
In this release major changes have been made to the infrastructure used by KDE on Windows: The msvc-packages have moved to the Visual Studio 9.0-compiler and packages for MinGW 4.4.0 have also been added. This will also mean that if the MinGW 4.4.0 packages show that they are stable enough, MinGW 3.4.5 packages might be discontinued in one of the coming releases.
Joe Paprocki has also provided recordings (videos on youtube.com) of The Catechist Toolbox Webinar that are quite informative. The recordings revolve around the theme of Getting Started as a Catechist. These Webinars, hosted by Joe Paprocki, will provide catechists, both those who are new and those who'd like to refresh their skills, with an introduction to the basic tools needed to effectively engage young people in faith formation. These videos are one part of a two week event. The videos are divided into chapters for easy viewing.
Our only hope lay in the time-wasting intrinsic in the colour coding, the glitter pens and the opportunities they would already be taking for laying down excuses against not coming top.
This apartment went from college dorm room to lady like chic!
Joan
Yoga for COPD, runs Mondays 1pm-3pm at Wolfe Road Healthy Living Centre – light yoga exercise and breathing techniques to support people with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease. Cost: £4 per session Contact: Foxhill Forum – 0114 231 5522
If you feel yourself running out of words to write, try writing where you are. Stop thinking, worrying, doubting. Simply lean back, close your eyes and take yourself back to that one place that gives you peace. Then for 3-5 minutes, simply write about that place, and how it makes you feel.
Documents at the Public Records Office record the fifth Marquess of Salisbury: “... we are faced with a problem which, though at present it may be only a cloud the size of a man’s hand, may easily come to fill the whole political horizon …With each year that passes, and with the general improvement with methods of transportation, the flow increases. Indeed, if something is not done to check it now, I should not be at all surprised if the problem became quite unmanageable in twenty or thirty years time.” Letter to Viscount Swinton March 1954.
Her story was featured in SD news in the Daily Republic newspaper.
The flowers, which can be either yellow or purple, are very pretty, and are generally about 1 in (2.54 cm) across, arranged in cone shaped clusters. The leaves of the loosestrife species are downy, yellowish, and about 1 in (2.54 cm) long, although in some species they can be 3-6 in (7.62-15.24 cm). The stems are square and hairy.
5. Storage: Under bed storage bins with wheels provide tons of hidden storage for toys and dress-up clothes. Peel and stick mirrored wall hooks from the dollar store are a no fuss way to store necklaces, while vases, bowls and baskets otherwise forgotten in kitchen cupboards can be used to house jewelry, pencils and small toys.
Pace
"What's wrong officer?" asks the truck driver, "I thought nerds were in season."
‘What?… And we chopped his other hand off… then the weather would be… a lot nicer… and we…’
1 ½ cups water
So back to blaming the weather!
It all depends upon you heeding God’s direction in your life and how well you guard yourself from demonic attacks. According to Ephesians chapter 6 we are to put on the whole armour of God so we can stand against the wiles of the devil. God, through Paul, has given us ample warning as well as complete spiritual instruction. Seek His will in your life and get to work!
I quickly hung up and told my sister about the call.
And it’s not only collisions that are down. The number of personal injury collisions has decreased 6.4 per cent from 2005 to 2009. There were 295 such collisions in 2009 and one fatality. Injuries occurred in about 18 per cent of all crashes.
Reading biographies is a great way to learn how to live one’s life. Lincoln sets great examples
Now's the time for a confession. I love Tavi Gevinson a whole lot. There's something special about that girl; her blog, her online magazine is really amazing. She's like a younger Hello Giggles. Really. I recently saw her Ted Talks video from last month and as crazy as it sounds, it was like she was speaking straight to so many dilemmas I've faced throughout the last few years. I mean, this girl is 16 years old and is well on her way to figuring it out--and if she's not--she's trying really hard.
Bedtime Story
Of course the reason I'm surrounded by these things is that I appear to have become an old bloke.
OK, that is a bunch of crap. I tried to go the whole father of the year route there, but I just couldn’t do it. The truth? There was no way I was going to suffer through another season like that. Nope, one of us would die before that happened. When I became a parent, I swore I would never be one of ‘those parents’ that push their kids non-stop into sports (or music, jarts, whatever) and create complete monsters out of both kid and parent. Well, it was clear that I was going to have to start walking somewhat closer to that line or he was going to have to pick another sport or activity. After the season, we started working on a few aspects of his hitting, going to batting cages once in a while, that kind of thing. Nothing ridiculous or over the top, but certainly more than we had done before. I told him that “part of playing a sport was also trying to get better.” Something like that at least. Heck, it almost sounds noble when I write it….
He said that when he walked out of the courtroom, the officer who was responsible for transporting him to and from jail was near him.
post-punk, it's because she was busy exploring "the great indoors"
After that you will have it to your scalp and hair and a shower cap on his head. to eliminate lice in these areas only soap and water are combined and soak items in water. There are treatments that simply lie kills eggs and larvae but still leave the lice on the scalp and so the problem persists lacking interruption until every the lice eggs have being removed. To put in additional words, extra people are satisfied by the select of chemicals to eliminate the problem of their lice.
When set off, scattering like scattershot,
Anyway... At this point I thought, hey.. why don't we each make our own lamps! Mismatching ones.. different but with the same idea.
“I’m good too. How’s your fever?”
This morning, the image of a former professor came to mind. He was dressed--as any self-respecting modern professors would dress--in a polo shirt and khaki shorts. Yet, to the studied eye or keen ear, the eco-friendly sandals and the "surfer-dude" accent marked this particular professor as holding a position in the Biology department. As for his character, I can say little, but he was a friendly liberal (as they often are) hyper with enthusiasm—that modern educator’s substitute for knowledge. He had just enough grasp on reality to make his way to campus; he did not, for example, drive East, when he should have driven West, for he knew not everything was relative. Yet, in everything else, he could have asked, with a certain Roman governour, "what is truth?". In short, he was everything I loathe in a teacher.
This was a parent saying this about his son who just finished high school and wants to do something else before spending another 2 to 4 years in an institution. He meant he might discover a passion- something that he might really get into and love and enjoy and that will consume his life because it thrills him so much. He might even make a living out of it. He might even help others through this interest. But -no. Oh no. He won't be 'educated.'
Shot using a professional full chip camera, so there is no need to worry about image quality with our new, bigger sizes!
Vietnam’s consumer prices climbed 19.78 percent in May from a year earlier, the fastest pace among 14 Asian economies tracked by Bloomberg, adding pressure for further increases in interest rates that may also slow economic growth.
Today we seem to be commemorating people without names: English Saints and Martyrs of the Reformation Era. There are no names because it is impossible to name all who come under this umbrella.
Work. The baby. Money.
Combine all dry ingredients and mix till well blended
4. If you write to ask when your revisions will be posted I'll reply. It can take awhile; this isn't even my hobby let alone my job.
If you are a lover of Limoges, or miniatures, or, all things French, you will love this tiny treasure. To enter the giveaway, all you have to do is tell us what you think the suitor is saying to the maiden! The winner will be announced on Friday, December 10.
A child who is a natural people-pleaser, will choose to do mostly what pleases others. A child who is less so, and who is fiercely independent, might learn to be extremely self-critical (because only a 'good' result matters). Another child, one who is naturally full of pride, will grow apathetic towards anything that isn't appreciated by an audience - helping mama around the house got praise, now I need bribes to clean up my room.
Oh! I think I hear lunch calling me, it’s saying “Kayla… eat me…” echo, echo, echo. (Have I succeeded in making you smile yet?)
7dpt...More HCG is produced as fetus develops
Butter a 9 x 13 pan and press the mixture into it very firmly. I use the back of a spatula.
-McGill and Kovalevski are gunning for a shot at the PCW Women’s Title.
Makes approximately 36 cookies
In a true democracy, the TV stations would give equal airtime to the opposition. This does not happen in Malaysia. In Indonesia, surprisingly, it does. Therefore, in spite of elections being held once every five years, Malaysia has a long way to go in achieving the status of a proper democracy.
Hello and welcome to the Waltzingmouse Stamps Sketch Challenge. We are so pleased to have so many of you turn out for the challenges that we share with you each Saturday. We are thrilled that you’re back for more inspiration and and to share your enthusiasm for Waltzingmouse Stamps. We hope that you will find our samples inspiring and that you will play along with us. Even if you have never participated before, we invite you to play along.
I had just finished praying and as I was pouring a cup of coffee to sit and enjoy my quiet time of the day, my phone went off. My friend Tim called. He and I have shared faith as we walked through sobriety. I gave him a Bible and some books about God’s grace. He asked me for 5,000 bibles to be given away at something called Gospel Fest. I replied without thinking. “Five loafs and two fish.” I have ten in my closest to start with…Good morning Beautiful…
August 14; 1676."
Pro-Palestinian protesters will gather on Sunday August 21 at Portland Place (near BBC Radio) at 2pm and march to Trafalgar Square.
It's not just.
Double cream- 75 ml
I never lost joy really, but let's just say it was a lot harder to find among the craziness that can sometimes take you on a roller coaster ride that you can't seem to get off.
Coming to Joyce after fearing the specter of his stream of consciousness fiction for so long, I was pleasantly taken aback by the efficiency of his prose here. There are some beautiful turns of phrase, to be sure—in “An Encounter”, the narrator describes his taste for the “unkempt fierce and beautiful girls” of American detective fiction (9), and a woman in “Two Gallants” is described as having “Frank rude health” (37). But for the most part, it’s spare and, to be totally honest, unflattering. Even the most beautiful women have problems; unable to break a promise even as it eats away at her, or completely unaware that the narrator is madly in love with her. (I do enjoy the way Joyce writes about love, although its possessive qualities in “The Dead” can be a little frightening. But then again, I hear Joyce’s personal writings on love are downright horrifying, so I think I’m getting off easy here.)
Q058) What is a fashion item you really like that you’ve bought recently?
I occasionally meet children at events who have read Poe and I am always impressed. The language can often be very florid and difficult. Poe can be almost wilfully convoluted - although he can also be surprisingly - shockingly - 'modern' in the way he leaps into the action without warning or explanation. And in amongst the rich decoration are some truly horrific scenes. The scene in The Black Cat for instance when the narrator spitefully removes one of his cat's eyes with a pen knife is horrible, as are the final moments of Berenice when the narrators obsession with his beautiful cousin's teeth reaches its grisly conclusion.
Senator Nick Xenophon : i think Prof Fernando made a point, we watched the tv news last night , umm, we saw more, there was 30 seconds of coverage … nothing of what ,one of the biggest demonstrations in Malaysian history, we spent more time seeing Prime Minister Najib having a cup of tea and banana fritters in what was it..in Sabah, rather than one of the biggest and most significant political expressions in Malaysian history.
What bothered me was how sick I felt in my stomach, nerves, upset. I was worried about where Elie and Lauren were and while flipping hamburgers and chicken wings, kept trying to focus on the people. I saw a glimpse of Elie, then of Lauren. I saw Elie pulling off gloves as they finished loading the patient into the ambulance and then, though the ambulance pulled out, it simply returned to its parking spot near the other hill while inside they treated the young man who had apparently passed out. Dehydration, maybe - who knows. I saw Lauren take a bottle of water to the back of the ambulance and then, calmer (me, not them), I saw that things were returning to normal.
“If you’re writing a biography or autobiography, it’s the emotional journey, it’s the mental journey you’re interested in, not the facts. No-one cares if you went to Swindon for a day; you want to know what they felt and why. It’s like the American election philosophy: It’s about the Economy, stupid. In autobiographies: It’s about the emotions, stupid. It’s about people.”
Cravin' by T. Tex Edwards
Six panels of translators had their work divided up between them; the Old Testament was entrusted to three panels, the New Testament to two and the Apocrypha to one. Two of the panels met at Oxford, two at Cambridge, and two at Westminster. The most learned men in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge were to take the lead in the work which was to be reviewed by the bishops, presented to the Privy Council and lastly ratified by the Royal Authority.
Last week someone mentioned the heresy that we could probably call the NCAA Champion of all heresies. The ancient error that made Christianity meaningless in the name of making it more respectable. Right: Arianism.
10. Norman Greenbaum 'Spirit in the Sky'
There was also plenty of speculation about a coup d’etat in China last week. All that happened was that a Maoist cabal agent Bo Xilai was removed from power after one of his henchmen was discovered taking instructions from the US consulate in Chongqing, according to MI6 sources. China is still on course for a stable and harmonious regime change-over later this year, according to White Dragon Society sources. The talk of a Maoist coup d’etat was wishful cabalist thinking fanned by cabalist media outlets.
I had failed to notice the hearse parked in front of the church.
No matter what your design principles, stairgates are an absolute must. According to Baby Centre, falls account for a massive 44 per cent of all children’s accidents in the home. But there’s no reason to settle for the first stairgates you come across. Although choice can be limited if your stairs are very wide or narrow, if yours are of a standard width, you’ll be able to get gates in different colours (like jazzy silver or cream) or in a range of woods to help them blend in with the look of your home.
Today, I initiated Phase One of Operation Random Ass Shit in the Basket in the Bathroom at Work. (It's a clunky title, I know, but what else could you call it?) After much deliberation, and mindful of everyone's very amusing ideas, I chose to place 3 pink foam hair curlers in the basket, figuring that they were just random enough and not in the least bit offensive. (I figured I would proceed from random yet grooming-related to mysterious and then offensive if no one noticed.) I stealthily crept into the bathroom this morning and put the rollers in the basket next to the Sensodyne.
Hope you all out there have fun this weekend and make sure to pamper those dads!! Stay crafty!
I knew she didn't need to go- we'd just stopped. It was a ploy Evil was using to lure me in to stopping.
karntha throw: one kings lane
What’s the general plotline surrounding the film?
My Regards,
Just got in some action-wobbles and wanted to give it a try. Although you can't really tell by the picture it is behind the spider and really cool. :)
And that is why this is one of the greatest Christmas films…
Sister: Sylvia Hensley
At the Senate confirmation hearings for new Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan, we’d like to see all parties agree to use exaggerated facial expressions rather than words to debate the merits of her qualifications. Supporters will be limited to broad smiles and wide-eyed nods. Those still on the fence can furrow their brows, narrow their eyes and peer over the rims of their glasses. Republicans can do like they always do, shake their heads no.
The Coroner showed me a few pictures of a red gas powered generator. Rob had a number of them. I told him I sort of recognized it, but he had so many I couldn’t really tell one from the other. So it turns out that Rob closed the bedroom door on the boat, turned the gas powered generator on and laid down on the bed and went permanently to sleep.
Thanks for sharing and good luck with the next stages of your journey!
Well, into the void leaps little ol' me, as usual. I have come up with a machine that reduces carbon emissions. It is even solar-powered. What it does is this: When Al Gore and Richard Branson come up to inspect it, a sensor is triggered, and it kills them. No more of Richard Branson coming up with wacky ways to put people in space, while making loads of money off it and not worrying about the polluting effects of manufacturing something completely useless, like fuel for rockets. Who the fuck needs a rocket? If you're going to take a bunch of rich idiots into space, Mr. Branson, please leave them there. No more Al Gore, jetting away to speaking appearances all over the world, to harp on about global warming and lecturing at me, who doesn't even have a car.
The Primacy of the Top-Down Sweep
It's quite entertaining to watch Poke evade everyone with low-tech resources, some luck, and a friend in the police force, and the plot leads to the inevitable violent conclusion by a circuitous route that includes Poke's half sister, his own gangster father, some Vietnamese refugees, some Soviet-bloc spies more or less retired in Bangkok, an unusual femme fatale, and Murphy's bizarre extended family. Poke's plan to get out of the mess he didn't create strains credulity at some points, but the real point of the book is somewhere else.
The film opens in the U.S. on November 20th and internationally through December (it is already in theaters in France).
A health exchange is one of the main initial components of the Affordable Care Act.
With a few exceptions, there can only be one spouse at one time. One romantic love at a time. Even past loves lose their bitter-sweet residue once a new one marches in.
15. Take me Home Country roads
Hope you had a creative Tuesday :)
BE A BLESSING TO OTHERS! CHOOSE
I admire the way you carry yourself, and the friends you have.
Fox News Latino/AP, 04/19/2012
-Majlis Cukur Jambul Ayra Hanis
1 oz. New Albanian Hoptimus Imperial IPA
Yep I have a signed year long lease. There is enough correspondence and signed checks to demonstrate I have promissory estoppel with the Landlord, or in other words there is sufficient proof we have entered into an enforceable contract. This gives me a lot of options legally as long as I don't renege on my end of the bargain. Some of my options include forcing the Landlord to buy me out, and/or dealing with a bank or another buyer who takes over the property. I understand all that believe me. The one thing I do not want to end up in is a position where I have to try and recoup from the current Landlord. I can already tell by her current actions I am not likely to collect, so I would need to get my monies upfront by refusing to pay. Setting all that aside I don't want to be in this position to begin with.
There are some very easy and tasty steps to increasing your metabolism by astounding amounts with just a few simple changes to your day-to-day routine and a couple of extra foods. With a ramped up metabolism your burning fat without even moving!!
So I want to share my "Back To Basics" and see how it compares to yours.
Let me tell you a little bit about this place. I was sent to a place called Borean Tundra, in Northrend, with my base at Warsong Hold. On first impressions, it’s just more Orcs. Well, I suppose I should have expected that – that’s where the Orgrimmar Orcs would send me. Warsong Hold is pretty big actually. It even has a war room in the middle. Have a look at this pic of me with Garrosh Hellscream and High Overlord Saurfang. I love the little map they’ve made out of hides.
Honestly, I do not EVER recalling when my life has been in slow motion…… I complain that I want balance and need to slow A WHOLE BUNCH OF STUFF AND FOLK down… but when I attempt this new process….it does not seem to work out that way!
Today I have an OPI beauty to show you. The good thing about sorting through my photos is that I've found some amazing polishes that slipped through the gaps and never made it on to my blog. Coral Reef is one of them.
Let's face it, I'm getting older. I'm an attorney. I'm busy. It was only a matter of time before my schedule and stress added fine lines to my face... grrr. The Hydramist is packed with antioxidants that protect your skin's tone and texture. It also enhances the skin's firmness and elasticity and stimulates collagen production. Who couldn't use some of that? I definitely can use a lot of it. And finally- switch out the oil control to the Active Moist moisturizer.
As you may know, I have a student staying with me during the week. Because of this, it is of uttermost importance that I get back on track with my menu plan, at least Monday - Friday. So, that said, here is my menu for this week:
The Target: Platte River Half Marathon, Denver CO April 15, 2012
The dinner and bedtime hours are when children fold back into their tiny, young selves. They are fragile and open; peeling back the layers of their day. They disclose their hidden concerns, burst into tears readily and want to be held in your arms. By the time they are asleep in their beds they resemble themselves as babies.
It was a perfect day yesterday, we of course couldn't sleep in we have church at 9:00 a.m. so my sweet hubby got up and started some Banana/Strawberry pancakes. I enjoyed cooking beside him, I know he wanted to just do it himself so I am grateful he allowed me to join him while the morning was quiet and I could get me some hubby time.
Here are some more links I love:
coup (Narcosphere, 10/7/09).
Now they've got a tax revolt on their hands. Mainers are going to the polls today and are faced with petitions to put voter initiatives on next year's ballot. Among the eleven facing them is one to repeal the drinks tax increase. Opponents are painting the petition as kicking the uninsured out of hospitals into the street, all for a cheaper glass of beer. They're also crying because the beverage tax petition makes no proposals for replacing the tax revenue.
I used the sketch from Let's Capture These Sketches - love it!
My splits (per mile) were 7:08, 7:26, 7:26, 6:48, 7:17, 6:52 and 1:28 in from there. The first 5k was 22:47 and the second 5k 21:38 (average 6:58/mile or 4:20/km) - I'm really pleased with a big negative split here even recognising that it was helped by the crowding in the first half of the race. My best 5 mile split was roughly 35:49 (average 7:10/mile).
Tell your child that sometimes adults get angry and don’t understand but not to give up in asking for help and to say the specific problem again: "I do not feel safe here because (state specific problem again) ______________."
Well, I guess we can all go back to our lives now, huh?
Well I love the result. Too bad my pictures are stinky. My camera is stuck in flash off mode.
Friday, December 3 · 6:00pm - 9:00pm
# 15... Zoe
While driving home, I hear the Cure, Picture of You. I started absolutely wailing in stop and go traffic. "Remembering you, the way you used to be". It really hit home. "There is nothing in the world that I ever wanted more than feel you deep in my heart". The broken dreams part of this is hurting now.
Not one to do things by halves or to take things laying down, my gorgeous friend organised a fundraising event like no other. Cupcakes for Cancer was an amazing event held last Thursday, which my girls and I attended.
Already, school officials say students are showing interest.
I stumbled upon a mazey nest of streets filled with artisan shops. I watched as a sculptor took hammer and chisel to a block of wood. I saw a book binder examine an old and battered tome with the owner standing over his shoulder. She left the shop with the book in his care, looking relieved. Furniture repairers, a chandelier maker, a shop filled with wooden boxes, a man welding an ornate patio table. I bought postcards at an printmaker's. Window after window of artists at work. I spent hours just watching them.
(Tess & Ali fighting)
Mason’s comments shocked Kirsty Young, the show’s host, who said it was up to the minority groups themselves to identify incidents of racism.
First week in the office and life is starting to assume MACH3 speed again, gone are the lazy days of the Holidays!
Words: 99645 (approximate)
To be honest, I thought I would be met with some complaints. I didn't really expect that everyone would participate. I prepared myself to be disappointed. (Not very confident, huh!)
So let’s use technology to create communication, not break it down. I double dog dare you to take a walk with a friend and leave your blackberry/iphone etc behind. You can meet him on eharmony, or talk with her about a book you e-read. Start online if you must. But eventually, just go on a walk. Talk, connect, discuss, develop.
The characters feel real. They aren’t larger than life or caricatures, they are like you and me, like our teachers and parents, and that is a major strength of the story. Even the oppressive Lorders are understated and this only adds to how sinister they are. Nothing in Slated is in your face, but there’s a constant, oppressive undercurrent of a society and its citizens being monitored and constantly watched. No one is really free.
Insects and in love, there are a few rules;
After the recordings of the second album Den Sista Vintern, Cathrine and Sank left the band and was replaced with Magnus Lindh (who been assisting engineer during the recordings of Den Sista Vintern and had played in Rasta Hunden) on vocals and keyboards and Patrik Högl on drums. Cathrine formed synthpioneers Dockhuset and Sank went to USA to become a drummer for Richard Lloyd and later became a well known producer producing Thåström, Killing Joke and Paradise Lost among others.
So, I am now working as a medical assistant for an orthopedic surgeon in town and I LOVE MY JOB!! My doctor is amazing, young, laid back, super nice, great family man, (and most female patients tell me how cute he is too). The other people in the office have been great too! They are all so quick to help me when I have questions and they have also welcomed me into 'the family' with open arms. I get to wear scrubs and tennis shoes every day...NO MORE HIGH HEELS for work!! (um..YAY!)
This program is for you if you have any of the following: irritability, weight loss resistance, digestive problems, bad breath, fatigue, headache, skin rashes, allergies, itchy skin, joint pain, poor concentration, or constipation.
Is building irritation…
With his professorial good looks and humorous demeanor, A. Oakey was a natural for politics of course. Bespeckled and bearded, he spoke elegantly -- Elegant Oakey was his nickname after all -- and wrote passionately. He penned social polemics, theatrical plays, political tirades and at least one holiday novel -- Old Whitey's Christmas Trot.
He's then allowed to fill a small compartment on his plate with one snack from the fridge (the cubed cheese, grapes, or berries) and one "treat" from the cabinet (pretzels, Cheez-Its, cookie pack).
A large group of 250 European and Palestinian activists belonging to the International Solidarity Movement (ISM) were on a bicycle trip in the Jordan Valley, a region which has enjoyed relative peace in the relationship between local Arabs and the IDF, even as Judea and Samaria were ignited in violent clashes.
As horse people, we expect the FEI to maintain unaltered their regulations, which have until now been valid, resting as they do upon the classical precepts of riding – for the good of the horses and the continued good repute of international equestrian sport.
Yet again they underestimate her and make the mistake of buying their own false narrative. Yet again they have egg on their faces.
”Things are looking so much better,” she told me today in her office. “I could not be more proud of you and you are well on my way.”
It all started with coat check. It was freezing cold, as it has been for the last week or so because the heater in that area of the casino is broken. For some reason, the heater itself is outside on the roof, and it said we were at 21 degrees, but in actuality it was more like -2. I was wearing a sweater under my fleece jacket, and my fingers were getting wrinkly because they were so cold. We have little heaters behind the counter, but we can only have one running at a time in either plug, or it blows the fuse. So, the valet captain, who works next to coat check, turned on a third heater, not realizing that two were already running. This knocked out the valet computer, the video monitor, the heaters, and best of all, the club card scanner (customers scan their cards to get points and they're entered into a draw for gifts). This took 15 mins to fix.
-Note color and volume
Guessing it was a mint or candy of some type, I stopped the lesson, looked directly at them and waited. I was 3 feet away and still she tried to unburden herself knowing I was watching. I announced, "Well ---, go ahead and give it to ---- so we can all move on." "Really? Ok," she replied and handed him an intricately folded piece of paper.
Writing is something that has been severely missing in my life and am really glad to be back! I have been writing in a notebook but it is NOT the same as putting it into my blog here. Writing is absolutely great therapy for me and just so relaxing.
Because it did.
The poll, conducted for CNN by ORC International, surveyed 1,014 American adults by telephone between March 24 and March 25 with a sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points.
Schuh black court shoes £58 (bought last year)
The next day at preschool Peyton talked about Elephants at their own "Zoo". He learned that elephants drink 50 gallons of water a day, they cover themselves in mud to stay cool and they have 26 teeth which they lose six times!
Readers who relate and identify with stories are the ones who stay.
I patiently wait to hear about your manuscript, your heart, your nephew, your job, or your fear of simply being. I find I really do care. And to my surprise, I find some of you really do care what I am up to, and that you also wait patiently to hear. Such is the way of this sort of communication.
It has been all bout you from the beginning, hasn't it?
I am officially in love with Carri.
“With a mind like mine, I could be doing something, you know what I mean?”
The game is “a perfect challenge for any strategist,” according to IGN.
Collin Edwards unfortunately was involved in a crash with De Puniet and broke his collarbone.
8oz salad
As much for lack of confidence as for ordinary reserve, and any number of other reasons, we took it slow.
This case became big news in the Japanese media back then because it’s considered “normal” behavior that someone who gets caught up in a heated (possibly drunken) argument and (hopefully) unintentionally causes injury (or worse) to another person would confess to the police and apologize to the family of the victim.
The 2012 Budget funds for subsidies totalled RM33.2 billion for 2012.
Deep amber/red color typical of Scottish Red beers. Smells of malt and toasty caramel. Head was nice and left pretty good lacing as the beer went down. Very smooth taste that was similar to the smell. Toasty caramel with sweet malt and a slightly bitter finish. Cathy really enjoyed this beer because it has both the sweet and bitter combination.
This entire display of familial chivalry inspired to make bees my theme for my classroom this year. It works on so many levels. My students will be learning to become a part of their "hive" or class community. They will work together like the workers in the hive, and they will then grow to help the world (hopefully) become a more beautiful place.
It's quite disgusting and shameful really, how the production team on BGT operate. People come from all over the country, often at great personal expense, because they think BGT is a talent competition and they stand a chance of realising their dreams. I can tell you from the inside that BGT is no more a "competition", than I am an astronaut. Nothing is left to chance on BGT, everything is micro-managed, choreographed, manipulated and planned down to the last detail including, the telephone voting.
16/08 12:00 W 20 Kilometres Race Walk Final
These are measurable realities, much less in dispute today than when I wrote of them in 2006. Rather than resist we should prepare responsibly. Unfortunately, we reject such notions nationally. Our refusal is reflected in increased imperial extension that enflames outdated flash points around the world. Professions of righteousness conceal a military industrial complex pressing us on towards conflict. Examples are numerous:
Pottermore is very safe, as far as I can tell. There’s no way to contact other people, except in the ‘comments’ section in the common rooms and on the pages about important things in the series. I’ve only commented about 3 times, because it takes so long for the comments to get moderated that there’s no point.
Despite Gardener’s claimed introduction to an older craft group – which Hutton points out is contested, and because of Gardener’s own subsequent gathering of sources and resources such as The Book Of Shadows, his forming of Covens and publicizing of his new organization, Gardener is nevertheless portrayed as the founding father of modern Wicca.
It was really at a time I needed to hear some words of encouragement echoed back to me. And it’s amazing how one post on a topic spoke exactly what I needed it to today even though it was a bit different. As I read it, I heard it echo back to me. I am gratefully reminded to push through and persevere.
And now, “Sullivan the therapy dog” is returning to the elementary classrooms. As soon as we buckle his therapy dog vest, he prances across the parking lot and into the school. Sullivan is back to his number one job of making new friends and being the unique teaching tool that he is.
My wedding suit, which I can no longer fit in, was bought for me as a not-so-gentle insurance I would be respectably turned out on the day.
The BK CROWNTM/MC Program comes in a fully interactive Kids Meal box. Sitting atop each box is a newly redesigned BURGER KING® crown, because every kid deserves to be treated like royalty at BURGER KING®! With crowns on their heads, kids can dive into the box, taking it apart, playing fun games and activities that challenge their minds, inspire their imagination and engage with the whole family.
cannibal corpse- Tilburg, Holland 10/20/91
Useless confrontation for fear of not being the ones who survive would disappear, because there would be no enemies.
Oil-1tbsp
For St. Patty's Day I wanted to make these cute clover cookies I saw on Martha Stewart's website. ﻿I'm usually more of a shortbread than a sugar cookie fan, but I thought I'd give this recipe a try. Plus, I haven't made sugar cookies in a really long time. I used the template from the website. However, since I couldn't just use paper to put on the cookies, I used a plastic disposal lid (had one laying around from a costco calzone container) to cut out the clover shapes. They worked out really well because the lip of the lid provided a nice handle to easily lift the stencil off the cookie. Also, it's great because I can wash them and save them for next year! I used a scalloped 3.5" circle cookie cutter to add a little decorative touch. My mother-in-law helped me sprinkle all the clovers on the cookies. (Thanks mom!)
Monday: Lentil and Beef Sloppy Joes on homemade English Muffins, Steamed Broccoli
- I will use random number to pick the winner with in a few days of challenge close!
Addiction. It would have been so easy for Kelly to piece all of this together if Lupe Salazar had been addicted to something. Kelly could treat addiction. She would know exactly what she was dealing with and how to handle it.
It would be great to pass out the RFK ones to anyone we end up talking to about the project while we're waiting.
No, we’re not crazy! We promise!
Liar, liar, pants on fire, when there could have been hugs and kisses of forgiveness.
Part of what I share with folks when they ask me about my call to ordained ministry goes something like this: When God called me I was already a Christian, but in and through that call to ordained ministry, I became a born-again student.
Today is in fact my birthday scheduled or not. I only mention that because I am blaming it for my rotten language. "It's my birthday and I'll swear if I want to...." Yes, those are the right words.
Android Smart phones are available starting at less than $100 each with month to month payment plans starting at $35 per month that include 5000 uploaded photos per month. Vendors like Boost, Virgin Mobile, MetroPCS and Walmart are all offering no contract (that means no 2 year commitment) phone/text/data plans at these prices or similar. Apple iPhones also work for this purpose, but are quite expensive compared to Android phones for only slightly better utility and currently REQUIRE 2 year contracts at prices that usually exceed $100/month. But given the existence of Android phones that require little commitment at a low price there is no excuse for CID/HOA vendors NOT to provide ongoing photo documentation of all projects. In fact, smart vendors are using this technology to manage their own personnel on projects. So there is no reason for them not to provide their customers with copies.
I waited a week to write back. I wrote and edited and wrote and edited and finally wrote something I was willing to send. Chamille suggested I ignore it and pretend I never received the message. For some reason I really thought I could help in some way. If I say and do nothing, what changes? If I say and do something, what changes? I decided that I really had nothing to lose, this person already dislikes me and everything I believe in and everything he *thinks* I'm about.
Another famous thing in Tong-young is the handcrafted furniture.
So nice to meet new friends and see so many talents out in blog land!
This morning I celebrated the Solemn Mass and preached on the importance of supporting vocations work. We have such a great focus on vocations to the Sacred Priesthood in this parish that it’s difficult to know how to improve on things. My challenge was this: if we can think of something we’d rather our son/grandson/nephew did, other than be a Priest of Jesus Christ, then we need to think again about the importance of the Sacred Priesthood, and to engage more strongly with the image of Christ the Good Shepherd who willingly lays down his life for his sheep.
Show a little grace toward the undeserving today, in honor of ALL the grace that's been shown to you, despite your own guilty state.
Several figures emerged from an abandoned pet shop on their right. They were armed with automatic rifles, a juxtaposition to the, yes, Emma realized, rabbit ear headbands.
and that you will never be so.
He thought about his soul, while his body sprung to life, wondered at its existence, whether or not one had been assigned to a man like him, a man, such as he was. Something fundamental floated on the periphery of his cognizant mind, but there was a film that obscured the truth. His lips were parched, his mouth was dry, his fists were clenched, tasting of the lust for unconstrained action. Before Frank knew it, the man had fallen to the ground, his face and chest a disheveled wreck. The crowd shrunk away and Frank staggered off, bending assuredly to grasp his bottle and fade into obscurity. Nobody stopped him, and soon Frank had escaped the scene and was tipping the bottle to his lips, tasting the succor of mere drops.
Negative: They drop by, with nice intentions, then accidentally release lethal microbes that wipe out all sentient life. Whoops. The other scenario being that they see us as a threat and commit planetary genocide in a brutal war a la Independence Day or War of the Worlds (French and Italics are so chic aren’t they?). They might also decide to hunt us for shits and gigs, making our planet a game reserve, or farm us for a new range of exotic meat snackbars. Mmm… Get some human in you!
Craig T. Nelson has gone on to a very successful career which included starring in “Coach” and “The District”, along with appearing in numerous films.
The painting is inscribed, in Latin, ‘Age 24, 1588’, and Shakespeare was certainly 24 in that year. It shows a young man dressed in a velvet doublet, slashed to show the rich lining. An unusual touch is that, instead of the expected ruff, he wears a simple – but expensive – collar of fine, almost transparent, lawn.
However, through the struggle of making five, identical khaki skirts, I have learned a lot. I have learnt to change the needle, as I snapped the first one. I have learned how to change the bobbin quickly. I have learnt how to fix it if the thread gets snagged underneath. After all this hullabaloo with the skirts, finishing cross stitch pieces should be easy!
Check back soon for all the details of the give~away!
It has been relentlessly grey outside for the last week or so. Light levels are low and the days seem a little gloomy, but slowly slowly they are lengthening, even if the sun isn't shining. Tomorrow, sunrise is at 8.13 and sunset is at 16.51, just a whisper more light than today.
Hundreds of women like her go through similar or more horrifying experiences each day and succumb to the fate, unnoticed, uncared between the conflicts of power and rule. Human life is ravaged and torn to shreds at the altar of political tug of war and dies in oblivion. The universe watches quiescent.
It is important to note here, that Matthias was not a new person in the ministry. As it is written in verses 21+22, he was there with Jesus Christ since the beginning and up to the end. He was a witness of all that happened and told same as the rest 11 disciples.
Satisfied the Wolf slowly began the chase.
As icing, these persuasive letters were less than convincing. One said,
14 papers
As a kid, I waited all year for the presents. (I had to
February 2 is a New Moon; always a good time to take stock of what you want to bring into your life and take action in ritual and in the rest of your life to make it so.
It was time after this for a short break. We took to the kitchen to fill plates with an assortment of delectables and on the way stopped to admire the custom designed hand built cabinet. Jason Sinco is an up and coming woodworker in the southwest Missouri area. He designed and built this cabinet for Meredith when she decided she wanted a unique piece in her studio for organizing a myriad of things. She had an old door which she wanted used in the piece some how. So after much measuring and planning a cabinet began to take shape and was complete well in time for display.
Can it, Fat Joker.
-got engaged
It was also grand to see Noah from the San Clemente branch of this modest brewpub company win small brewpub of the year too – he's a star of the future in my humble opinion, and is certainly a hit with the beer ladeez across the pond!
It was during this time that Ray Harryhausen first conceived the idea of a Sinbad adventure, and he drew a series of preliminary sketches of the kind of thing he had in mind. There had been Sinbad the Sailor in '47, but that was a conventional swashbuckler with Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Maureen O'Hara; Fairbanks spoke of battling Rocs and Cyclops and dragons, but what the movie showed was far more mundane. Harryhausen's idea was to make a movie filled with the things Fairbanks's Sinbad only talked about.
In any event the many was unexceptional in every way shape and form minus a duet of liliputian coal black dots scattered on either side of a bulbous nose and slightly off center under a heaping mass of scaly dark locks doubling as hair.
In the interest of providing some appearance of objectivity, I'd be remiss if I didn't offer two (relatively minor) criticisms, so let me get them out of the way. First, at several points during the opening half, the proceedings threatened to devolve into a rally against local developer/bogeyman Bruce Ratner. (To be sure, Ratner's Atlantic Yards project is one of the biggest and most controversial stories unfolding in Brooklyn right now, and I'm certainly no fan of zillionaire developers getting even wealthier through tax subsidies and incentives and the propagandistic manipulation of public opinion, but still.) Moreover, and on a somewhat related note, the invited speakers seemed to represent a relatively narrow cross-section of the local blogging community. Brooklyn, of course, is home to over 2.5 million people, but it seemed that the overall discourse was skewed a little too heavily toward neighborhoods like Clinton Hill and Park Slope and topics like gentrification and development. Not that these aren't important, mind you, but as someone who's logged considerable time over the past year goofing around and taking pictures in neighborhoods like Canarsie, East New York, and Gravesend (and, frankly, as someone who had a gross income last year under $15,000), I can personally attest to the fact that Brooklyn is a bit larger and more diverse (in terms of both geography and population) than might have been in evidence last night, and that not every Brooklynite is obsessed with real estate. Or can even afford a parking space here.
Pants: Worthington via JCP
Deputy County Clerk James Kelly believed he found conclusive evidence that Churchill’s mother, Jennie Jerome (aka Lady Randolph Churchill), was born in Brooklyn, not in Rochester, N.Y., as that city liked to claim. Not only that, he believed he had found the exact house in which she had been born.
One early instance involving a passenger jet came in 1960, when an Eastern Airlines Lockheed Electra crashed at Boston after hitting a flock of starlings on take-off; three of the four engines were damaged, and the plane plunged into Winthrop Bay, half a mile or so from the Logan International runway, killed 62 of the 72 people aboard.
Yesterday was a sunny day, and a good day. We took a walk trough the city in the morning and walked by people demonstrating. We thought it would be more people there than it was, maybe the sunny weather was more inviting.
and me and my mini pastry chef can make a mean sweet treat!
I’m going to enjoy this match-up, I think.
That all changes - of course - when our hero enters the scene: a young stray called Weed whose previous owner accuses him of healing the mad and addling the sane by tampering with the village water. Even as he and Jessamine draw closer, her father schemes of using the young man's knowledge and mysterious gift with plants in order to discover the knowledge that eludes him: poison against poison.
There’s a lot of wyrd and orlog to get straight, baby. (That’s Loki’s comment on it. that and, “Now get to work.”)
2. The descriptive nature of the narrative is told in a different way.
"O'Donnell has got the causation reversed," says Richard Lyman Bushman, an emeritus professor of history at Columbia University who wrote a recent biography of Smith called Rough Stone Rolling.
The staff also spoke in front of the class about totally inappropriate subjects: how drunk they were last night, how much they hated their husbands, how fat another woman was. They also colluded to cover up their behavior during a meeting the father requested about his son's difficulties.
I love chicken and dumplings. My dad really loves chicken and dumplings, but no one in my family has learned how to make them for him. (I think he tried to learn once when we lived in GA)
Price: $9.99 each
Thank you again, especially to all the of the readers who took time out to leave such nice comments. And a special thanks to Susan at Homeroad who left this great tip on the driftwood post:
There is no doubt that Europe is an amazing continent. But sometimes people get lost in the allure of Europe and forget that the world is a big place with a lot of other amazing countries. In our 20′s, we’ll get several periods of transition, whether it be finishing school or starting a new job. Those opportunities come few and far between in our lifetimes. A lot of people use that time to backpack around Europe.
I find very little;
Clarissa Pinkola Estes - Women Who Run With the Wolves
As a family, we’re trying to make healthier choices in the foods we eat. So I thought I’d try a muffin recipe that reduces the amount of white flour and doesn’t include any white sugar. From my experience, baking with healthier ingredients, particularly whole wheat flour, can be a challenge, especially in preserving flavor and texture. Many times I’ve been disappointed with how “healthy” baked goods turn out. But I thought I’d try another recipe to see if I could find a winner.
My training was inadequate, and I knew that going in, but I tried to get some good, hilly trail runs in and build up the weekly mileage. I wasn't able to build up the distance for a weekly long run (the most important part of marathon training), but I did get a couple of 15-17 milers in and I was feeling faster than I have in awhile with a couple of good race performances at a 5K and a "hilly" half marathon (I now realize that hilly, like fast, young and hot, is a relative term). One of the challenges with the marathon distance is that it is much more difficult than two half marathons stuck together. My marathon half-way point hits at about mile 19. So, going into this race, I decided to treat it like an ultra, walk a lot of the steeper hills, take in the scenery, run the downhills, flats and not-so-steep sections. Too bad there weren't any not-so-steep sections, and as for treating it like an ultra, I didn't have a choice, the race treated me like an ultra.
Liaisons Dangereuses Los ninos del parque B
Read more at:
So, the Lord enabled me to do some thorough cleaning of the fridge and freezer this morning. After lunch I did a complete scouring of the bathrooms, including hand-mopping the floors (a mop never seems to do a good enough job in the bathroom. Boy, is it satisfying to get those little nooks and crannies clean!) Speaking of which, I did away with most household cleaners last year. Diluted vinegar does a far better job than some of the best-advertised products. It's healthy, it's cheap, and it doesn't leave that icky residue in your sink. No doubt it helped rid my respiratory tract of pathogens, too! =D I also managed to keep the laundry going, mop the kitchen, help with dinner, wash a huge pile of dishes, and tidy up the kitchen. Although I am completely exhausted now, I'm sure that all the activity of today will help me fight this cold in the long run. Keeping the lymphatic system pumping is important when you're sick. Otherwise all of the "sickness" in your body settles in different cavities, such as your sinuses. Not fun. I just hope I didn't overdo it today... I guess I'll find out tomorrow morning. =)
o Joplin Helps Haiti (613 Main Street) A fundraiser for the Joplin Helps Haiti mission group to include a special exhibit of photos and videos, as well as a performance by African drum band Kufara. More information about the group can be found online at www.joplinhelpshaiti.com
Tuesday, 14 Feb 2012 21:40:19 GMT
God, am Crap Mother. Think will have blog called Crap Mother World.
After a week of procrastination mostly caused by Thanksgiving preparations, I finally got the latest version of Saison du Permienne into the keg. This time, I decided to up the OG to 1.074, just for giggles. Going into the keg I measured 0.997. This gives it 10% ABW.
I give you today our family recipe of seafood briouates/sbiaats. Some will add white fish to it. Some with make it hotter or milder. But most of us will use pretty much the same ingredients, give and take on the seasoning or the type of vegetables.
Emery dismisses as "trivial" the argument that 502 would endanger cannabis users through the initiative’s DUI provision, which specifies a very limited amount of the drug that drivers can have in their bloodstream, and creates a zero tolerance policy for those under 21. Emery writes:
Bloody Eyes
He then said that its up to me whether or not I get an MRI. He said some people choose to not have it unless they get worse, whereas some people feel the need to get the test. He told me that if, say, I were to put it off for three months, and my symptoms stay the same/get better, that greatly diminishes the already minimal chances of it being MS or a pseudo brain tumor, or something else. But, if that were my course of action, to contact him immediately if my symptoms worsen.
Face the fact. Something can be done about it. If you avoid the fact, it gets nastier, and it revisits you. At least now face the fact. Something can still be done about it. What you avoid does not go away from you. It gets uglier, and it revisits you. Every fact that you escape from will one day make you think, “I should have…I could have…I must have…”
“And I knew such a man, (whether in the body, or out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth:) How that he was caught up into paradise, and heard unspeakable words, which it is not lawful for man to utter.”
This is a wonderful street where the live oaks arch to make a tunnel...so cool. Dad swung me by there on our way to the airport on my last day. What a great photo-op!
Beckwith
To offer yourself to someone for smiles,
“Hold your breath, O human child,” Glowgold commanded. He speedily encircled his prize student three times while touching the tip of his wand to her cloak. With each delicate contact, specks of light appeared on the plush fabric. The luminous dots began to twinkle and spin, like whirling stars. With closer inspection, Panther realized that the stars were actually tiny wheels, their eight spokes spiraling outward from a central hub. These spokes of light gave the cloak an unearthly appearance. The girl seemed to be wearing the night sky itself, only in miniature. As Panther exhaled deeply, Hannah pulled the hood down over her daughter’s brow. Glowgold gave the cloak a final tap, and a stunning constellation appeared over Panther’s enshrouded face.
The Komodo is the largest living species of lizard, averaging 9.8 feet long and 150 pounds. The largest recorded was 10 feet 3 inches! I would FREAK out if I ever came across a huge lizard in the wild. As a North American, the largest lizard I’m used to seeing is the horny toad.
American companies are born as private commercial entities, but thanks to the Citizens United Supreme Court decision, suddenly they can transition to human status for the purpose of influencing an election with millions of dollars. Meanwhile, thousands of actual human citizens, who’ve only transitioned gender identity, may have less influence over elections—or no influence at all—because they’ll now face heavy burdens under strict photo voter ID laws. It’s an obscene paradox.
Your future must seem painfully endless!
9. climbed up the Spiral Church (very cool and had a fantastic view of the city)
Firestone Union Jack IPA
On the surface White Zombie is a zombie movie (or perhaps almost moreso a vampire movie). But there are strong subtexts about corporate influence, autonomy for females and laborers, and American-style law. America would make a zombies of Haitians. FDR would even brag that he had their League of Nations vote in his pocket. So the corporations can make zombies of us all…
i went back to my parents house and finally came home to my house this evening. the only effects from the surgery i have is that up until this afternoon i had no appetite, i feel weak and i feel like i did 1,000 stomach crunches. but really...i feel great. i am barely taking the pain meds because i need to pee in a cup this week for my new job and oxycodone is such a hot topic down here. i plan to bring my prescription to the test with my hospital discharge papers just in case.
I've spent a decent amount of time looking at kids' rooms over the last year. Room tours on Apartment Therapy. Pins on Pinterest. I've read books. Lots of grown-up nurseries and stylish, "designed" bedrooms for children.
Now, not only has her dad come out of his depression to be a father again, and a pain as well, but Caleb's enemies know he's imprinted and are after Maggie to stop them both from gaining their abilities and take her from him.
We're getting excited about singing for First Presbyterian Church's evening service on October 18th. Pastor Dawn emailed me about the Hildegard chants we'd be singing and suggestions for readings. Then she asked if I knew she'd gone to a religious education seminar about Hildegard von Bingen. No, I didn't know that...but started thinking what a wonderful, rich service this was going to be.
Since our flight did not leave until late evening, but we had to be out of our condo by around lunch this left us with a day to tour around the island. Not wanting to be sandy and uncomfortable for the flight home, we decided to take drive upcountry. While touring around we stopped in at the Alii Kula Lavender Gardens for a quick coffee break and tour. Unfortunately, the lavender wasn’t fully in bloom (in between seasons), but it was still an interesting place to stop and the view of the rest of the island is quite unique from the Upcountry.
Do you know how difficult it is to make sure the banister, or carpet, or foyer wall isn't in the photo? On the plus side, the stairs made it easy to get different angles and vantage points from which to take the photos!
This is the same area as the last photo after about an hour of hot, sweaty work with the shovel. Just glad I didn't hit any really big rocks cuz I didn't take the pick axe up there with me. You can see where I dug through the pile of dirt that washed down, clearing the channel so it can go on down the way it is supposed to.
In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil on medium heat; add the garlic and saute for about 30 seconds (careful not to burn). Add the Fava beans, a sprinkle of salt and pepper and saute on low for just a few minutes. They are young and tender to begin with, so very little cooking is required. Sprinkle with any additional salt or fresh pepper to taste... voila. Buttery and nutty flavor, but with an ever so slight bitterness, you can eat them warm or cold, steamed or smashed...
A catastrophic freeze has wiped out about 80 per cent of Ontario’s apple crop and has the province’s fruit industry looking at losses already estimated at more than $100 million.
There is an array of massages, holistic therapies, facials and other spa treatments to choose from. Full details of our packages can be found below:
“Yes, I totally would. But, only if you realize it wouldn’t be a day at Disneyland. Because if you don’t realize that, I’m libel to go crazy and feed myself blue cheese for the entire 9 months as a protest,” I answered.
Smell my farts!
¨ Mary Lydon Simonsen
And even when I am trying to discipline you for doing something wrong, you know just when to flash me one of those many looks to make my heart melt. Your a charmer that's for sure! But my life would not be as fun without you.
Rick Wimberly and Lorin Bristow post stories at the Emergency Management “Alerts and Notifications” blog. Last week’s post found them covering storm preparedness in Poquoson, VA. Read details in the excerpt below.
Somehow, our longer-than-usual conversation drifted to the topic of traditional books versus their new e-book partners. She wanted to know what I thought about the e-book. I didn’t know what to say. It’s not that I don’t have an interest in them. I just haven’t used the format.
Offer:
She told the boys that the table was a surprise. My mom did a great job. It was too cute. We would walk out occasionally and she would be having conversations with them about the silliest things. I knew that she had started that conversatoin but they were great to go along with it.
Dad and I were trying to attach the polyethylene-wrapped 1X2 to the base of the .75” schedule 40 galvanized posts (which also had 1.25” sched 40 PVC around it). So, wood, plastic, steel. Through that we would turn a single 2” #12 wood screw. Doing this required first drilling a hole through the whole material sandwich.
Of course, some might try this logic with porn: that pornography viewers (or readers) understand it’s not real. But there’s a difference still, and it lies in Scripture. Philippians 4:8 says, “Fix your thoughts on what is true, and honorable, and right, and pure, and lovely, and admirable.”
for there is no corporeal form here with which to touch –
99. Cooking class. Taking a cooking class will not only get you out, but you will learn how to eat more healthily, too.
All I can say is..... ya'll inspire me.
I heard from Mat Falco at Philly Beer Scene magazine that they're running a homebrew competition specifically for session beers! Check the details here; it's actually a bit more complicated -- and interesting! -- than that. It's a two-round competition, run through the area's homebrew shops; homebrewers affiliate with a shop and enter their first beers by March 3. (Update: there's a session competition in Pittsburgh, too: see below!)
DAY 22: Do a Christmas craft
S: lies? oh i lie when somebody's head is on fire. (????)
c) having the user pull alternately on one chain to induce movement of the user and the swing toward one side, and then on the other chain to induce movement of the user and the swing toward the other side; and
Necklace and earrings: Burlington Coat Factory?
- 2 tbsp chopped fresh parsley
