PAWS is a champion for animals—rehabilitating injured and orphaned wildlife, sheltering and adopting homeless cats and dogs, and educating people to make a better world for animals and people.
I am reminded that though I love my 'alone' time, I do find perspective and understanding about life in companionship with others...and my womyn friends are the best.....
Chris Kosterman
For a long time now, I imagined that this book would have a scrapbook-inspired design, similar to the cut and paste ones I have around my house (I am a traditional crafting kind of gal, so if I could, I would've had a blast making a bunch of hard copies by hand). Therefore, I just had to go with the old school composition book cover splashed with a collage of raw cupcake photos all over the front. I even used lined paper as the backdrop on the pages.
It's cavernous and maze-like and the staff is unfailingly polite and helpful. So wonderfully British in a sense and still very old-school Hollywood. Yeah, they have all the digital crap you could need but all anyone wanted to talk about was film gear, the death of the apprenticeship system, the tragedy of the "Suits" having taken over the studios, and on and on. I felt right at home.
8:00 – 90210 (The CW): Navid confronts Liam about his involvement with Silver; Annie and Caleb give in to temptation; Naomi has a surprising connection to the groom of a wedding she’s hired to plan; and Austin asks his dad to help Adrianna get her career off the ground. I will sit through all those other plots for the sake of watching Adrianna with Billy Ray Cyrus. I hope she’s the one person he’s nice to.
murderous tyranny is rising in this nation and the world as God’s Hammer…He
The ones with the cords attached on the right side of picture. They lift up when I push on the treadles. What I don't understand (well, among many other things) is why there are only four of them when there are six of the treadles. Anyone know?
About PRO BLUE
I love you as the plant that never blooms
This summer, audiences across North America will experience the magic of fire-breathing dragons that soar through arena skies in DREAMWORKS’ HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON LIVE SPECTACULAR. DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc., Global Creatures and S2BN Entertainment today announced HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON LIVE SPECTACULAR will embark on a worldwide tour following its critically-acclaimed debut in Australia and New Zealand. The tour will be produced by RZO Dragon Productions to deliver 23 dragons, some with wingspans of up to 46 feet, Viking warriors and world-class circus artists and acrobats, to perform against a state-of-the-art, wall-to-floor immersive projection measuring more than 20,000 square feet.
The other day I wrote about the website. I wasn't being completely truhful when I said it was a place to expand Good Burp. In truth, it's the website for the brewery. I hope to have a site up and running by this weekend. That's my plan anyway. But I know that I'm such a perfectionist that when it comes time to go live, I'm going to want the site to be perfect. So cross your fingers.
Morrell grew up in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, and studied American literature at Penn State University in the late ’60s, which he has taught in the U.S. ever since.
The two professors, Professor Ayodele of the Chemistry Department and Professor Andrew Leo of the Library Department, were among the dead.
Granite was also only 4 months away from going undersaddle as the ball dropped at midnight on January 1st. I knew that I was out of shape and over weight and could not do my fabulous horse proper justice in that condition. Losing weight wasn't a resolution or even a goal, but finally having a reason bigger/better than my own self-imagine to get into shape is exactly what I needed to get my butt in gear... literally.
Absolutely stunning! The papers are just gorgeous!
1)Marilyn Monroe
Food is my delight. And if I could name my dog again, I’d name him Starbucks.. That’s because I love this coffee shop so much. Well, who doesn’t? And besides, its name would be a great name for a dog too. I guess.
As everyone who reads this blog knows, I am probably less sanguine about the outcome of the current assault on women's rights than some, but that's only because I'm old and I foolishly believed much of this was settled long ago when I was young. Maybe it's just that when you reach a certain age you realize that change, both good and bad, happens over a longer time horizon than you were able to see when you were younger and I'm seeing that some things peaked and seem to be going the wrong way.
But why am I torturing myself? This Thai Green Curry Sauce is so good on lightly fried white fish and rice, I don’t know why I bother. The verdant green sauce and its fresh, herbacious, spicy bite go perfectly with tender white fish and coconut-scented white rice. Frankly, I had no idea that green curry was so delicious.
I feel bad at the lack of me in all the pics over the years.
from a
I’m not saying we need to stop praying for the people in trials, in sin, and in unbelief, I’m just asking us all to add in this other segment of Christianity that I think is too often neglected in our prayers.
Aaron
The Labour government have transformed our society, especially the inner cities, through this mass-importation of mostly third world immigrants. That is the most obvious and nefarious element of Labour's legacy, as it will be very, very difficult to reverse.
4. Set up a working group to create channels for Icelandic design in the future
Brazen me, I picked people from the group at random (after an active membership drive I had over 1,500 members because those were the days authors were signing up for facebook in droves. Or do I mean signing up in murders — you know, like a murder of crows. What else do you call a convocation of mystery writers?) and asked if they’d like to host a discussion. That was my introduction to Beth Groundwater. Three years ago — November 13, to be exact — I asked if she’d host a discussion, and she said yes. (One of the many strangenesses of Facebook is that the email discussion about the discussion is archived for all times, which is how I know the date, but the discussion itself, which took place on November 18, 2008, has disappeared into the great maw of Facebook’s yesteryear.)
Oh, and we made it back home just in time to take Miss Muffin to her very first Mardi Gras parade. Although she was a little under the weather, I think she liked it :) Its hard to believe that last Mardi Gras day was the day she came home after 64 days in the hospital. Very special milestone in this family today :)
For those of you Las Vegas-ites, we have a ton of cool events and happenings this weekend. Fill yourself up with good beer!
Have you sold any sewing machines lately?
We can create a new Master Version always immediately when a new Branch has been created. For example after 3.6.0 Tag has been created, a Master 3.7 Version in Bugzilla.
“As a kid, you go to the stores and you buy the trading cards and to know that I’ll finally be on those cards legitimately is very cool,” Griffin said. “Not everybody gets that chance and I’m thankful that Panini America is making it possible for me. I’ll definitely savor it and just continue to build toward a better future.”
Graves said nothing can account for the difference between the small number of Conservatives who received calls directing them to the wrong polling station and the larger number of opposition supporters.
8. Joshua – Mariah Carey – “Can’t Live Without You”
Empathy can actually cut short a cold by a full day. Imagine, that's better than any drug on the market, and there aren't any side effects.
Just days prior to running my first Rocky Raccoon 100, I found out that my dad had inoperable systemic cancer throughout his entire body. They gave him 3 months to live, and he lasted 10 months, and had a horrible, "lingering death" that my family and I witnessed.
5. Punch it Winter
We wonder how many of you will be keeping your moustaches now that Movember is over?
The United States did not share any intelligence on the raid with any other country, the official said.
Mix together and cook on stovetop using Pam and flipping once.
We then made our way down to the Great Lake, where members of the Bungwahl Militia’s fledgling navy gave us an inspection of their new flagship, Bob. That’s not even a joke. It flies, for now, under the Ethiopian flag, and sometimes the Danish flag, as we do not want to be found and destroyed by the corrupt Australian regime. Though upon further thought, they could identify us either Pirates or Vikings and terminate us on those grounds. Not that I wouldn’t mind be a Viking. I do however abstain from joining their ranks for practical reasons. Firstly they have beards. I like beards but beards are confusing. I don’t like being confused. Or itchy. Secondly is the horns. I don’t know where to find a good set of horns, and I’d be too scared to buy them. It would be kind of like buying condoms. Well, a bit anyway. No the Viking life is not for me.
In this review, Kiberd looks at Second Readings 52: From Beckett to Black Beauty by Eileen Battersby (Liberties Press). A voracious and enthusiastic reader, Battersby looks back at 52 books she first encountered at a younger age. Kiberd writes:
Julie xx
To be honest I wasn’t too impressed with the acting job given by some of the actors at the beginning. The lines were delivered as if the actors were looking at cue cards. It was more of a high school play on a screen with many awkward moments at the start. As the movie progressed it did, thankfully, get better. Schuyler Fisk (Elizabeth Cotton in the movie) was the most promising and believable from the beginning. She performed quite well, like an actor should. I did, however, expect more from Mia Wasikowska. I had seen her in so many movies and had loved her acting job in almost all of them, but there was just something off in this film. I liked her character but her performance just wasn’t that believable. Towards the end of the film, Ryo Kase’s acting
With a gun under the pillow
Kyle Skipworth FLA W 5
4. Arrange sausages on top, cover with foil or lid and bake for 45 minutes until liquid has absorbed. Serve up!
Odd you should ask me about XXXXX & XXXXXXXXXX Publishing. I actually submitted a sample quote on a 200pp B&W interior with colour cover, paperback, set-up with the PDF ready files, registration..etc and 100 author copies. This is a standard quote I sometimes use if I am considering doing a review on them. Was looking at a review after I spotted the ad. They came back with £890, which disturbs me. Not only is it £209 more than they quoted you for a similar quote, but XXXXXX who owns the company claimed the EAN barcode insertion was included.
I've really been enjoying making art like this, because I work on it and then leave it for a day or so, and keep coming back and in the meantime I work on another piece of art completely different than this.......like the one from my new workshop that I'm taking being taught by the very talented Joyce. It's her Fresco Online Workshop. I'm not used to working on this type of surface, but when she breaks it down, it made me wonder what I was so afraid of.....plus it's a great lesson on using watercolors on this type of surface, which I've fallen in love with.
A fiery pool of incandescent blue
Oscar Wilde is head warden and keeps a tight rope with his 4 inch spurs! He has yet to jump the young one named Bragg ( named after Rick Bragg) but I'm watching for it!
Nora says:
Looks like an easy job. I think.
We were up at 5am one morning, tuk-tukked to the site, saw Angkor Wat at sunrise, silhouettes mainly, nice but, and we watched the ambitious Japanese use flash cameras to capture the rosy-fingered dawn. By the third day however, when our promised sunset shoot was scheduled (much more dramatic, with the golden-hued temple looking magnificent - E@L can confirm that from last time he was here, in 2000) we were too buggered to fufil our goals, promised ourselves instead to look at the sunset from our balcony, and so we crashed, gin&tonic exhausted, by the pool or back in the room. When E@L awoke poolside, three Melvyn Bragg podcats past, the sunset was in its final radiance, so he went upstairs and knocked on Izzy's room. She came to the door, all groggy and disoriented.
I woke up extra early so I can go to sleep early tonight for my 4:00 a.m. wake up call tomorrow morning. I checked my email and see that the swim portion of my triathlon has been canceled. No swim!!! The water conditions are unhealthy. I am beyond disappointed. I have trained SO hard for this swim and dedicated SO much time to it.
It’s the fact that there was a carefully orchestrated ‘machine’ behind the talent. Just as there was when the HIStory album was launched via a colossal effigy of Jackson; a statue that took about a month to create and which was towed up the River Thames right into central London to announce the arrival of his new record. The man who, on Sony’s behalf who ‘choreographed’ all of that – Jonathan Morrish. And, there are a hundred other examples – the people behind the scenes – from whom generations to come can glean knowledge.
1. The language (or word choice) is different.
I'm currently hosting a giveaway of Young Adult crime thriller Soul Beach by Kate Harrison over on my other blog, Teenage Fiction for All Ages.
Thankfully one of my close friends came to our rescue and invited us along to the toddler group that she attended in a nearby town. The downside was that I wouldn't be meeting local mums but the upside was that I had an "in" into the group. It was a much smaller group than the previous one and all the mums were friendly and welcoming. Because the group was smaller, I was honest with everyone about Katie being adopted from the outset. We were given a lovely welcome and I am so grateful to all the ladies in that group because we quickly became part of the group. Katie loved playing with all the children there and many of us became friends outside of the group. Katie started to be invited to birthday parties and play dates and also felt like she belonged. I felt unphased when the mums discussed and compared their labours stories and often joked that I was the lucky one because I still had functioning pelvic floor muscles!
but challenging in a good way..
3. The Man Who Can’t Save Himself Saves Others (Matthew 27:41-42)
5) This album from the band Sleeping At Last. I'm ashamed to say that I'd never even heard of these guys until their song 'Turning Page' started turning up everywhere as a result of being on the latest Twilight soundtrack. But their music is just GORGEOUS. Lush and sweeping and romantic and playful. I adore it, and have been listening non-stop since I downloaded yesterday.
“What?” Ronan said, confused.
Mike Mage (chair of the Montgomery County ACLU) raised the point that not just police could “the owner, operator, or other person in control of the public place or establishment — “the owner, operator, or other person in control of the public place or establishment” could also decide that someone was unlawfully remaining at public place or establishment. Melissa Goemann of the ACLU noted that the lack of mens rea provisions — was there intent — in the Act will affect its constitutionality, as would vagueness.
And sing …Wooooo
I proudly announce that last week I have completed my first official trip outside Tokyo as a tourguide for my parents who were visiting Tokyo. Did the planning of the places to go, the discount passes to order, trains and buses to ride, the hotel (ok I booked this nice hotel till my parents got hold of a “better deal” (so they say) from a trusty Japanese friend). And you guessed it! I brought them to the very first out-of-Tokyo place I have set foot on when my undergraduate studies started. NIKKO. My oh my how much has changed. I mean my knowledge of how to get around Japan
I would never review a beer that I'd merely sniffed, and I wouldn't expect the senior person in the brewhouse to do anything similar.
by MiniMe
So far, I have utterly failed. As it turns out, bad habits are hard to get rid of. But with God’s grace, I’m not giving up on this battle; the longer I fight the temptation to worry, the more necessary I realize it is for me to surrender myself trustingly and completely to the Providence of God, without holding back any little desires to fear, to fret, to worry things out on my own power. It’s an up-hill struggle, but with time I hope to learn how to put this one simple fact of confident trust into practice: because I am not God, I do not have ultimate control over everything in my life. But He does, and He knows what He’s doing.
Linky was quite simply the most beautiful Radcliffe undergrad at the time, the one most envied by her fellow Cliffies and most lusted after by Harvard students, graduate ones like me included. I recall first spotting her in a booth with some girlfriends at the St. Clair’s eatery, and resolving to become her boyfriend come hell or high water.
The first half of the video is his reading of a letter that his daughter Hannah wrote, aimed at her parents, and posted on Facebook with the belief that they would not see it (although I wonder if she was really hoping they would see it, so maybe they would understand how miserable she is). The father found it by apparently using some sneaky tactics. It was a very depressing letter, in which Hannah passionately expresses her frustration with her parents and their poor treatment and high demands of her. Her father reads the letter to anyone who will listen, in hopes that it will make Hannah look bad. He picks apart her words, disputes her claims, and calls her lazy and stupid, among other names.
But the conversation did get me thinking about what I always wanted to do. Since I was 20 I’ve wanted to do missionary work. First it was Africa but I got married. Then it was an idea my best friend and I had to do promotion and fundraising for medical missionaries through an organization we would create but then we both got divorced and had little extra money to do anything but survive. Then it was talking to Martin about what we would do as a couple, how we would make the world a better place.
Combine all dressing ingredients and whisk until well blended. Toss vegetables to coat. Marinate for at least one hour - the longer, the better. If you desire lettuce, add some shredded iceberg just before serving.
Its basic difference from the first approach concerns the way organizations should be structured and managed. Now, Dwight Waldo wanted Public Administration be noticed as a profession that connected many disciplines, not independent from them. He asserted that the scientific method failed to harmonize administration with democratic values. Previous ideas held that public managers should go for a European style of detached, “scientific” administration, in which policies were to be implemented objectively. He also said that public servants should become active, informed, politically savvy agents of change, whose mission is to improve the human condition and strengthen democracy. He proposed his four central ideas:
So I'm just going to fake it and create my own little piece of spring... We'll start with a scene in the French countryside. Some rolling hills fading into a backdrop of fluffy fairy floss clouds. A little stone cottage somewhere on the horizon invites us to run through the fields and make our way home. A sunflower or two so you know where you are.
My beautiful client friend blessed my elf socks off! She gave me a Rose Fairy because I liked hers so much. This is more than one of those typical touching how sweet moments. It’s more like a Wow! You are a very blessed girl and what are you going to do about it moments.
Will the clerk say, "Yes, sir," and go do the task? On your life he will not. He will look at you out of a fishy eye and ask one or more of the following questions:
Did you even read it?
For those worthy souls who persist, raising funds for men’s health, further clues to character can be seen in the moustaches they fashion. Consider the man who settles in early November with a simple style which he maintains without fuss for the duration. Compare, if you will, the man who delights in bizarre experimentation? And what can tactfully be said of the narcissistic groomer, who just can’t leave the thing alone. Oh, Yes. It is a month for observation.
Ischemia also can occur in the arteries of the brain, where blockages can lead to a stroke. About 80–85% of all strokes are ischemic. Most blockages in the cerebral arteries are due to a blood clot, often in an artery narrowed by plaque.
The San Francisco Bay Area is not only extremely attractive for its amazing seaside location but also there are some great landmarks and wonderful establishments working here right from turn of century. Finding the handyman services in bay area is quite easy as this area is sixth largest county with more than 7.5 million people.
We walked around the neighborhood, much farther than I usually go with Mom. It was a very nice night, warm and breezy and just light enough to be safe. He got all sweaty… Well, for him. He doesn’t LOOK sweaty, just a little damp, but apparently he was itchy, lol. So, when we got back, he traded his jeans for a pair of my brother’s basketball shorts.
Like most kids, I had my share of bully problems. I vividly remember two in particular from third grade; their names, if I recall correctly, were Eric and Patrick. My biggest problem as a kid was my great big mouth. It got me into more trouble than I care to remember. At some point in my early childhood, I developed a sense of machismo, and if insulted, I had to respond in kind, which inevitably led to fisticuffs.
If you don't know anything about the movie, it's a documentary that basically shows all the unethical and disgusting practices that goes into the manufacturing of meat in our country. It's definitely a must-see, and was a total eye opener for me.
We were filled with lots of friends, joy, food, and rain!
The morning’s dispute ended up being a periodic topic of conversation throughout the rest of the day; I overheard Beanie admonishing her older sister, “You shouldn’t be ugly to Mommy like that.” I chose not to bring it up, except during a quiet moment while Bugaboo and I were alone, reading a story together, when I asked her, “Honey, was it really worth all that? We could have had an extra hour of stories and maybe even a craft this morning.” She looked at me and sadly muttered, “No. I’d rather have the stories than a fight. And I’d much rather do a craft.”
“And he is…who?” Doyle waved his hand in a beckoning circle in his need for more information.
The Beaver Boardwalk is a wooden pathway about a mile long that winds through wetlands and past a living, fully functioning beaver pond complete with lodge. It was a very pleasant walk, and the dogs enjoyed all the smells and sounds.
13. Most of all please be respectful of our town and our neighbors. We want to continue to hold a safe and fun event in the years to come and we can only do it with your help.
And of course anyone who has read my blog knows that I love read-a-thons, we will also be hosting one at the halfway point.
Nick
3. Prepare gnocchi as directed on the package (boil in salted water until they float). Remove 1/2 cup of pasta water from the pot and drain gnocchi. Add gnocchi to the pan with the bacon grease and slightly brown the gnocchi. *I wanted to do this since I kinda like the gnocchi with a slight crisp to it*
I’ll give the storytellers credit for filling in the blanks here. Until now, we’ve never had a window into Thrall’s soul. Anything we assumed was just that, an assumption. Now, those assumptions may have been well-founded given the character Thrall demonstrated, his deeds and actions, but in the end they remained conjecture.
3. When oil is hot, cook chicken breasts two at a time until they are golden brown and cooked through, about 3-5 minutes per side depending on thickness. Transfer chicken to paper-towel lined plate and repeat with remaining chicken, adding more oil if needed.
What I like: The first thing that stands out to me with the World Vision Gifts is the great design of the website. Sure that may have little to do with the actual gifts, but as a designer, this is important to me and shows me they are doing it well and that it’s not just a side thought or just another way to raise funds.
Image:Mo's Digital Pencil - Adele
A giant monstrosity that looks like a clown
Today is the birthday of my dear friend WeaselMomma's daughter Claire, aka Angel Weasel. For those of you who do not know Claire's family will unfortunately be celebrating her 9th birthday at her grave, she passed away two weeks after she was born. Like Diana she brought joy and happiness into this world and left it and those who love her way too soon. I like to think that Diana is helping Claire celebrate her birthday in heaven today, a mother taken from her child too soon and a child taken from her mother too soon, holding each other until they can be reunited with their families. Happy birthday dearest Claire, please give Diana a hug for me and remind her that I love and miss her very much.
I got to work to find surprises on my desk: a pair of earrings as a thank you gift for a dinner the previous week, and a beautiful pink rose, wrapped in cellophane with a ribbon around it.
Firstly I'll show you the Strawberry Swap lovelies that I received today from Aija at Crafty Smiles, who is a really great lady who I'm glad to have got to know through this swap. Here's what I found when I opened the very cute parcel!
Option 1: Attend an open casting call.
We parked in shady forested corners, on tops of moors, beside streams and down little lanes. We sat in the evenings in candle and firelight with the dinner cooking and pigeons cooing overhead.
I then realised this is a very similar technique to how I have been teaching pupils at Kip McGrath Ashford to learn their times tables.
The mahatma was dressed in a saffron-colored robe and his head was shaved. He had this “blissed-out” look on his face, meaning that he smiled and appeared holy and enlightened. Of course he had a retinue of attendants who cared for his every need and whim.
a resurrecting Love longer than all time, deeper than hell,
2 methods
500 gms of chicken (4 pcs of chicken legs)
"honor our fathers and mothers,” and the promise is “so that it may be well with you, and that you may live long on the earth…” (see Ephesians 6:2-3)
Hope you are as excited about this as I am. I think this is going to be really fun!
Though I turned on to Pink Floyd later in my life as fan of alternative and progressive rock, I had been keenly aware of them on the radio as a kid. Later on, I could also always count on a few teenage friends who either had Floyd in their collection, if not their parents. Like the Beatles, I took them for granted, but I never failed to recognize their important role in the history of popular art rock. The mass of their work reveals a few bumps in the road, but they indeed merit this broad remastering treatment by EMI.
Well, quite honestly, there’s never been a WHOLE lot of money in record sales, at least not at my level, but it has gotten much, much worse. Touring is still a decent way to make money, because you can’t really ‘pirate’ the experience of seeing a band live. But part of what makes touring a lucrative endeavor is the ability to sell merch directly to fans – and CDs are not selling, even there. I’m not under any allusions about the way things are, so I say, as a compromise, that if you DO steal my album, at least come to the show and buy a t-shirt. Gas isn’t cheap, and we have a ten hour drive to the next town tomorrow. I understand not wanting CDs, but the patronage is still necessary. Otherwise, all that will be left will be rich kids that can afford to do this for free. You really want The Strokes to be your only option?
﻿I love the wrap style of this dress and have seen several versions floating around with lovely contrast sashes (for example this one by Handmade Jane) which i think is a great touch. Now just to pick out fabrics...i am unsure of what colour to go for, perhaps a light coloured print with a deep red/maroon contrast sash? Or maybe a plain colour for the main fabric. Any suggestions welcome :)
I read an interview in a movie mag saying that Quentin said he was known for ressurecting old genres!! Well Quentin, if by old genres you mean shit movies? I'm sorry to tell you Hollywood have been doing that for years!
The expense of defending the society, and that of supporting the dignity of the chief magistrate, are both laid out for the general benefit of the whole society. It is reasonable, therefore, that they should be defrayed by the general contribution of the whole society, all the different members contributing, as nearly as possible, in proportion to their respective abilities.
When the tests came up negative, I suggested returning them immediately, so their mother might hunt them something while it was still night. Considering that the nest was about 15 meters up a tree, my proposal was greeted with something less than enthusiasm. So as we walked home, I tried a new tack: simply to impress upon Boudiman the importance of returning the owls as early in the morning as possible.
Ages: entering 1st grade – 18 years old
Like a magazine bought for me with pure, utter Love....
Cahling
Storage & Freezing Instructions/Tips: Store as you would any bread – in a bread box, a paper bag, or loose plastic wrap. Both varieties suggested are best in the first couple of days. The loaves or rolls can also be frozen in plastic – simply toast to reheat.
Would I be eaten by wolves?
1 drown
Thursday October 4
This is a fondant covered 6" and 8" tiered cake with fondant add-ons. I also used ribbon on the cake and board. The "ears" are made of craft foam.
Bruiser by Neal Shusterman
After a while, we entered the Muncho Lake region, an area with surreal landscapes of eroded mountains and glacial carvings... and no lake in sight! In fact, the area looked almost parched. But as we went along we finally saw the lake, and it was lovely. We pulled into a provincial campground that runs along the water in the hope of finding a campsite, but it was full. And so was the next campground. We were disappointed because this is a lovely area. If you're lucky enough to get a campsite, you'll be just a few feet from the lake where you can canoe, fish, and otherwise enjoy the gorgeous setting. But, we were not so fortunate and so we drove on to Toad River Lodge & RV Park, a private campground that would likely have space.
I want to spare a thought for all those whose situations have been published everywhere today because of their bad situation. I hope that people will be kind and sensitive to your needs as you recollect your shattered pieces.
To be most honest with this doctor, I would have to say that I am thinking of removing the index finger myself. The only thing I’m lacking is the sterile field, numbing agent, proper tools, and other various surgical tools. The interesting part is that I have mapped out how to do this procedure. It is pretty straight forward… not like amputating a diabetic foot which requires the saw.
Being that we are not the most traditional people on the planet, I think pinwheels for the bridesmaids in lieu of flower bouquets would be a playful and unique touch. Probably more cost-effective too right? I’d still want a flower bouquet… but with mini-pinwheels added in too.
Or try to be.
9) Once you have the required items, turn them into the guy and he'll give you the sailing logs! You now (SHOULD) have all the items required to buy a ship! Feel free to buy a ship of your choice! I recommend EVENTUALLY getting the Frigate (the four-person boat) because you never know when you'll want to carry four people.
Next month he starts a new job that is a direct result of practicing his mad people skillz with the clients he has met through pizza making. It involves television production and will be something to propel him forward into new and exciting things.
Serlo de Burgh is a six hop, six percent IPA brewed by Ol Fozard at Roosters, and is a beer I really like the story behind; "Serlo de Burgh was a powerful Northern Baron who commissioned the building of Knaresborough Castle. Originally the Baron of Tonsburgh, Normandy, he accompanied William The Conqueror to England and was granted the Manor of Knaresborough as a reward for his part in the Norman invasion and is subsequently regarded as the first Lord of Knaresborough." - Good stuff, but how does the beer match up? Many people have been uneasy about the hand over at Roosters, claiming, that the beer wouldn't be as good, and that Sean's would always be better. Now Roosters made no official date of when the actual final hand over happened so people wouldn't be able to tell, and by all accounts it seems to have worked fine, I've had quite a lot of Roosters beer over the past few months and it's all been great.
Word is that there will be a football game this Sunday night. The New Orleans team will face the team that used to be the Baltimore Colts, before the drunken bum who owned the Baltimore Colts snuck the team out to Indianapolis in the middle of the night.
Before I really get started, I just want to emphasize how devastatingly important it is to me that you not tell Alexander Skarsgård any of the things I am about to tell you. I just can’t think of anything more off-putting than Alexander Skarsgård somehow finding out about the existence of this letter and then reading it, so it is imperative that you all keep your lips sealed.
Didn’t they do this to us last time, too? Giving us Charles and Diana’s wedding at the time of the Toxteth Riots? How charming that they think we’re such gormless buffoons that we’ll all fall for it. Trouble is, we will: cue endless colour supplements and programmes on the ‘People’s Prince’ with old drabs, panto queens, court correspondents, Simon Schama etc droning endlessly on.
That's right: the big three parties will be fielding the same three candidates in 2012 as they did in 2008.
Local councils are not there to run the banks. They are there to make a difference locally.
And it isn’t your loss
Is this a pathetic attempt at procrastination? I think so. Or do I?
already, but couldn't be more happy to share that she
Anxiously, I began to tap my foot. How much longer would I have to wait? Had I angered the gods? Why, oh why had entertainment forsaken me?
A1) Colour Man - Showers Of Blessing
Anyway, on swim day, about three weeks ago, we packed J off to school complete with his swimming kit as per usual. Other than being hyped-up and excited at the prospect of swimming J was very much J. An hour later we received a call asking us to collect him as he’d had a very loose bowel movement and the school nurse was concerned that he might have caught a bug. He hadn’t. That we were certain of. J on and off produces large and rather fluid bowel movements as part and parcel of his autism. Thinking nothing other than ‘drat, that’s three days off school’ (two days quarantine at home,) we set off to collect him. (J’s school has good protocols in place regarding infections, bugs etc., and whilst they can be irritating when J is totally well, they have a serious purpose and we willingly adhere to them.) When we got there we were informed that J had poo’d while in the swimming pool (he wears a swim nappy and trunks) and clearly the affair had been rather messy. Hmm….Oops!
Job overcame the devil… The devil used the law of self-preservation against Job… Noisome beasts (rogue groups of people… terrorists) roamed the land… The devil touched everything that Job had… He lost his children… his workers… his crops… his livestock… his finances… and through it all he retained his integrity. Job did not blame God for his troubles. Job worshiped… A lot of people would have ended their lives for less than what Job went through… The devil can never overcome a person who will worship God in times of trouble. As a matter of fact… when the trial was over, Job was enlarged and received a double portion. David in Psalm 4:1 said… “Thou hast enlarged me when I was in distress” (KJV).
that is the question. WOW. It has be a LONG time. My orginally plans changed... everytime I try to turn this blog into something else, it's just too hard. I miss blogging. I miss my blogging friends too. This blog means SOOOO much to me since Bentley's whole heart journey is in it. I'm emitionally attached and just can't bear to 'delete' it or 'change' it. I am strongly considering coming back to blogging. Hmmm... such a hard decision.
Taking the gist of this tag from Visha:
My Family focuses on three generations of a proud Mexican family that settle in east Los Angeles. Directed and co-written by Gregory Nava (with Anna Thomas), My Family provides a great movie experience even if it goes slightly slack toward the end and the storylines sometimes fall into typical patterns. (Has there ever been a film with a character who becomes a priest or nun who doesn't eventually leave the order?)
- Kathleen Joyce
3)Sort: Halloween erasers from the $1 store.
They're reasonable thoughts, and although I might choose to tackle the clauses one at a time, much of it can be summarized thusly: Bans on indoor smoking are about workplace safety, period.
Okay, I must say this: I’ve been speaking English for over 10 years now, 7 of those were spent learning British English, and I can’t understand what they say! Luckily, I have a transcript. Let me check… Oh, yeah, Harry asked Louis if there was any water. And Louis says “Ova ther…”
Let me put this another way. Would “buying better things” have stopped the Nazis? Would it have stopped apartheid? Would it have stopped slavery in the US? Of course not. In the latter two cases it was tried and it failed. Why? Because it completely ignored the role of power in causing injustice.
Yet, even though I am now so despised, I am still so merciful that whoever prays for my mercy and humbles himself in amendment shall be forgiven his sins, and I shall save him from the evil robber – the devil. But to those who continue despising me, I shall visit my justice upon them, so that those hearing it will tremble, and those who feel it will say: “Woe, that we were ever conceived or born! Woe, that we ever provoked the Lord of majesty to wrath!”
--Where do you draw your inspiration from? What books and movies have inspired you the most?
“Daniel…” Lynda’s warning tone snapped him out of his mental contemplation.
There was no turning back now. Lives had been spent for the greater good–the cause–and it could only end in one thing: Freedom.
Winner: Cody
Oingo Boingo- Run Away
In front of the house (top), the fusion impatiens have achieved shrub status, while the colocasia are attempting tree height.
You'll need a set of Pirelli ice and snow radials mounted, it still felt a touch light and skittish in some provinces for those that find the oem acura integra wheels and therefore, not to mention logically, shares a good or a 6-speed manual gearbox. Few vehicles, irrespective of price tag, supply a mixer more gratifying.
According to a breakdown of the spending submitted to Scopa, R10m was spent on 41 Golf 5 GTI 2.0 vehicles, 14 BMWs were leased at a cost of R3.5m, and another R3.2m was spent on Golfs and Nissan Navaras acquired in the 2009/2010 financial year. …
What i can tell you is, in four short months I will be finished with school forever.
Sorry I have been MIA for a bit!! I had to run the whole show over here while Z was on his business trip this past 6 days...I am now on the other side!! I made it!! I survived all 4 by myself for 6 days...minus tues into wed as my mom came to offer support and a brief breather.....! My camera uploader cord isn't working so I don't have any new pictures...bear with me!
Administered by the Suffolk County SPCA, the list will expose to public ridicule anyone convicted of beating, killing or neglecting animals.
shredded chicken (I used 2 breasts and 2 thighs from a left over rotisserie chicken)
To assist Main Library users locate material, during the necessary pre redevelopment stock moves, below is a guide to what stock is located on each floor. Moves are still ongoing and the temporary directory signs in the public stairwell in the Main Library will be changed should any book stock move to a different floor.
the sentiment and age are stickers i had.
They try to restructure people's thinking. A television programme “Gypsy Wars” contrasted a local woman and tinkers who had invaded her land reversing the roles as we experience them. They think our traditional view of the world is pathological until they correct it for us. They show us or a representative, in the role of what they think are our stereotypes - we are cast as the tinkers - to mould our views and change our attitudes. Of the Gypsies there were no young men shown, because they would be aggressive and they do not want to show them as a threat; village life was not shown because that is appealing and viewers would sympathise with the woman. The woman was selected because she is not typical of rural people but a bit eccentric and could be set up as the aggressor when she was the victim. This is Television re-structuring our thoughts in accordance with their ideology. It is Frankfurt School television. For years vacancies in television were only advertised in the Guardian to filter out the applicants with the wrong attitude. (1)
In the wall of the bridge, the Gateway twisted. The swirling wrongness of the Sherim was visible beyond the opening, but the surface of the Gate rippled, distorting the image. Reluctantly, Rel let his sister go, and pointed at the Gateway.
Darton to Woodlesford free ride.
This is why I am interested in participatory media. I would be elated to realise political change on account of the content featured on say Groundviews, but I would not be dissapointed if this does not happen any time soon. The content on the site and the larger content on the SL blogosphere, including all of that which I don’t agree with, are deeply valuable in a country precisely for the reason that they offer a greater spectrum of opinion than what I find in traditional media today – which is silent by fear or coercion.
Her own attire is dirty and quite poor.
I plan on "eventually" having a book for each year. I found a place that was well recommended to send negatives off to, they scan them and put them to CD (much easier than those machines you can buy to do this....my opinion they didn't do well). This place is called Scan Cafe
On April 15th, I get notice from A that she’s moving and wants her name off the lease. You can read about that here. So at that point, I think all is solved and May 1st I’ll get our lawn guy to start over there and I’ll start showing the place. I put a notice up over there informing them that if they would like to stay, we need something in writing so we can discuss what to do. As of yesterday, my PO box is empty.
The recall is due to possible contamination by E.coli O157:H7 bacteria after about 20 people were sickened. The recall includes meat products that were processed on April 21 -22, 2009 and that have been sold nationally and internationally.
I didn't put a jacket on. I figured, it's 50 degrees, and I'm only leaving the car to run into the post office and drop off something at my parents' house. I didn't put a jacket or shoes on Olette because the errands were short enough that I could leave her and her brother in the car while I ran in. Before leaving, I looked at the new insurance cards that have been sitting on the bar for at least two weeks and thought, "I really need to put those in the cars..." but my arms were full of squirmy four-year-old, and I told myself, "I'll do it when I get home." (I tell myself this a lot. Ben comes by his absentmindedness honestly.) We went to pick up Ben and headed to town to take care of the errands. On our way, we passed Hubby who had gotten off of work early and was on his way home. There was almost no line at the post office. I started feeling lucky! I dropped off what I needed to leave at my parents' house and decided to take the back way home, since there was a better chance of getting stuck behind several school buses going the other way. So, of course, (thanks, Murphy!) I got stuck behind a school bus. I hate being stuck behind school buses: drive a quarter mile, stop ... drive a quarter mile, stop ... drive a quarter mile, stop. Finally, the bus turned and I saw nothing but open road ahead of me. I was master of the road, ruler of the street, and most importantly, almost home, where all I had left to do for the day was wash some dishes and make some spaghetti for dinner.
Why are there so many abortions?
recognise that different types of problems are faced by the various
I choose to find it easy and fun to read my Bible at all times, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
"Hey there's a pizza place accross the street. My treat," I tell my mother and girlfriend. "Just wait", Is the stern response. My back is now killing me and I'm staring at the people and debating whether it would be socially unacceptable to lie on the floor. After a long wait, we are herded inside to an assigned table.
Blood tests can detect several special antibodies, called antitissue transglutaminase antibodies (tTGA) or anti-endomysium antibodies (EMA). The health care provider will order these antibody tests if celiac disease is suspected.
I've decided that I am going to review things that I am using, things I have used, and things that I have looked at and decided not to use and why. I am skeptical sometimes of "testimonial" on the websites, I mean really who are these people? But I know that I am more likely to buy something or even look that way if someone I know says something about it, or recommends it.
The Lynburn family has owned the spectacular and sinister manor that overlooks Sorry-in-the-Vale for centuries. The mysterious twin sisters who abandoned their ancestral home a generation ago are back, along with their teenage sons, Jared and Ash, one of whom is eerily familiar to Kami. Kami is not one to shy away from the unknown—in fact, she’s determined to find answers for all the questions Sorry-in-the-Vale is suddenly posing. Who is responsible for the bloody deeds in the depths of the woods? What is her own mother hiding? And now that her imaginary friend has become a real boy, does she still love him? Does she hate
Shag was looking at some seaweed!
Who knows where I might’ve landed in my career? Maybe I wouldn’t have had the opportunity or talent to be any of those things or maybe I could’ve accomplished even greater feats of journalistic excellence.
1tsp mixed spice
As believers we are part of Christ's body on earth. God made Him the head and we are the arms, legs, heart and lungs. No one part is more important than the other. We are unified. Our human bodies aren't static. They are in constant movement even when we sleep, they are working.
So I went over and asked if they took it. Yes, for their grandson. Huh? "I didn't think you needed it".
A big congratulations to:
The woman near Christian tried to hang on him again but he glared at her and shoved her away from him. “Well go find out what it was.” He held his hand to his head, his wedding band sparkling under the light as he motioned for the vampire to leave. Glaring at the woman, the evil in Christian’s stare made her tremble. “You taste disgusting. Get away from me.”
BYRNES GB, KELLY H. Influenza vaccine for healthy working adults. J Am Med Assoc 2001; 285: 290-291.
And hints at who they might run into
The relationship between mental disorders & different types of crime. Useful research abstract from last year here: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/cbm.819/abstract
“This means they are paying for security twice over – via tax to fund the police and again to purchase private security.”
This I think is beginning to approach the crux of the problem. Ultimately, “autism” is a label for a set of behaviours. By always beginning with autism and working backwards, we have invested too much significance in the label itself.
Hynix Semiconductor, +65%
So what did we learn from Needful Things? Obviously, the main one is "Caveat Emptor!" You may think you are getting exactly what you want, but what are you sacrificing to get it? And what are you willing to do to keep it? Pride is a good thing to have sometimes, but remember that it is also one of the seven deadly sins. Grief is a necessity, but it's okay to move on. Questioning a loved one's death can only do more harm than good to your sanity. And finally, and maybe most importantly - drugs are bad. But you all knew that.
I was really taken back by her comments because yes, a lot of people have been doubting and questioning how long UCONN can keep it up (I mean honestly, I was hoping Standford would upset them). But, when you really think about it, isn't is so much easier to lose at things than it is to keep winning? If you apply this to the Christian life, it's so much easier to just give up or sleep in and not spend good time with God than it is to consistently get up and engage. It's a choice to not fear and to trust and have confidence God and where he has you. It's a hard choice to not be afraid or to not complain about life and to instead love what you're doing and to play your heart out... allowing the holy spirit to work through you (even when you are tired).
After polling 200 servers in 18 North Carolina restaurants, researchers found that a shocking 38.5% discriminated against black customers.
Conqueror 1075 - (Black IPA) 7.4% ABV
7. How long have you watched 1? Since the beginning
Enjoyed
Must get my admin to call the repair guy. No air con can die la.
/rant.
“And then I heard the voice of the Lord saying, ‘Whom shall I send? And who will go for us?’ And I said, ‘Here am I. Send me!’ “Isaiah 6:8-10.8
For styling this dining set, I used simple props. I wanted the details of the furniture to be the focus of this set. I love the painting that is hanging on the wall for its abstract, simple, yet warm look. I can see myself having something like that in my house. Except I cannot afford the beautiful painting.
The blonde screams into the phone, "Hurry, come quick, my house is on fire!"
I’ve wanted to leave since the meeting was fifteen minutes old, but it’s impossible to exit gracefully that early. I decide to stay for 90 minutes, but I stick it out for 112 so I won’t scream "NO!" if someone asks, “Do you really have to leave so early?” There’s a fair chance that no one would, but there are people who delight in directing everyone’s rapt attention at some poor schmuck whose only crime was trying to sneak out the door. I remind myself to walk slowly when my mind finally rebels and orders my body to get it out of there. The cold air and silence are welcoming, but I’m too drained to enjoy them. I’m also sleepy, and my head hurts. I ask myself what good I got from going, and I can’t think of anything.
Our first match is The Awesome Truth taking on Air Boom for the WWE World Tag Team Titles.
I walk back up to the inn, not knowing how I’m supposed to pay for something to eat and drink, AND get a room with only 24 gold. Turns out my suspicions were accurate. The cheapest drink alone costs 16 gold, and the room they are offering is 10. That leaves me with 3 gold left; not enough to get something to eat too. I sell off the 5 snowberries I picked around town today, hoping that will give me enough, but it’s still too little. I decide to look for Rustleif to pawn off some of my ingots. I still don’t like the guy, but now is not the time to be picky. I walk down to his house, but he’s no longer at the forge. I guess it is already after 9:00. Now it’s time for me to be rude. I open his front door and interrupt him and his wife having supper. Talking to him reveals he is no longer buying or selling for the night. Damn. Out of options, I leave them to their supper. I’m just about to return to the inn when I remember something Leigelf, the owner of Quicksilver Mine, said. I had tuned him out, but I’m glad I was able to remember that he had offered to pay for any quicksilver ore I managed to acquire, and as luck would have it, I have one leftover from my smelting process. I find his house, barge in there as well, and demand that he buy my ore from me. He does for 25 gold. Wow. That’s what I needed, and then some.
happy thursday everyone! is anyone else glad that it's the weekend?!? we have school off tomorrow and monday so i have a four day weekend woohoo! our weekend is pretty jam packed starting with my hubby's birthday dinner tonight. we always have one thousand birthday celebrations by the time we celebrate with our friends, griffin's parents, my dad, and then my mom, we are celebrated out. we're beginning our celebration tonight with griffin's brothers and their wives. we got an overnight babysitter so we're excited to be able to relax and enjoy ourselves.
The pieces all involve different instrumentation, beginning with a sonorous and enchanting solo sruti work; admittedly, I could wallow in this stuff all day, those multiple, woody tones, so luxurious. It drones but also meanders (in a good way), leaking out fine tendrils. The title track features soprano sax with preparations. As mentioned above, this is one of those tracks that really has the feel of an in depth probing of his situation/implement. High pitches, often roughed, overlaying a kind of metallic scrabbling, ceding to hollow tones, each area or combination of areas lingered on for at least a minute or two, listened to carefully, gently elaborated on, ending with muffled, percussive bell-tones; really nice. The sruti box is brought out again for the next cut, combined with bass clarinet neck and walkmans, producing a series of low, plaintive moans like an abandoned, forlorn beast in a desolate, smoky terrain, harrowing.
I suppose it took me 11 years to really integrate them for use!! Because they were not streaming into me but now releasing themselves from within me to my external field of energy. What that means… I have no flipping clue…. yet. However, my attempt to sleep seemed to teeter between seeing these codes and seeing more earth events. I decided it was way to active inside of me to sleep… but yet, I couldn’t move a muscle or gather a psychic thought if I tried real hard. I really felt like I was cracking the shell of an egg from the inside out. Crazy strange let me tell ya!!
So, our little bundle of joy (OLBOJ) is technically due tomorrow. HOWEVER, I doubt he's going to be here before the end of next week. I'm just lucky that way.
I told D that I had a homework assignment from my therapist that I had been putting off. I also forewarned him that this wasn’t a conversation I wanted to had, but one that my therapist felt needed to happen. I then expressed my concern about our life and my life with Little intercepting at some point in the future (as I mentioned in my last post) and asked him what his perception on that was.
If there’s a lesson to be learned here, it’s this: never go to a place you’ve never heard of without looking it up first. And, secondly, if you do go out to a bar in Boston, make sure it either has an Irish name (Kitty O’Shea’s, Ned Devine’s, or MJ O’Connor’s) or a sports name (Game On, The Greatest Bar, or Tavern in the Square). If you start venturing into weirdly named bars, you will most likely start venturing into weirdly strange situations.
My trip out here was meant to accomplish a few things within a couple of month’s time. One of them was me working on graduate school applications/ letters/ my portfolio for the schools with rolling deadlines in Boston and New York. My portfolio is pretty much all the architecture work I’ve done, including my two years in undergraduate, which will hopefully get me into an architecture master’s program if I don’t get accepted into the English programs in which I’ve already applied. Being a creative and multifaceted person (yes, that is what we call ourselves with “job ADD” – thanks for that Brooke) I’ve decided to leave my options open on graduate school. Not to mention, I’m pretty good at both. I’d like to think so there’s no point in writing-off either just yet. Although it does mean a lot of work for me.
Hubby: NO, it IS a big deal. We had place settings for 8; now we can only serve 7.
Take the comments of others seriously and they’ll get serious about what they say. Dismissing suggestions, off handedly, invites adversarial interactions.
Firstly, a belated happy New Year to you all. Secondly, apologies for the lack of posts since before Christmas. Sometimes life just gets in the way. Anyway, I'm back on track now with these nice LP from Mike Leander, best known for writing and producing a lot of Gary Glitter's hits in the 70s.
Notice, too, how salvation is a part of this gospel (vv. 1-2), yet it seems more a byproduct than an end goal. The end goal, it becomes clear, is the kingship, first, of Christ and, ultimately, the Creator. This, for Dr. McKnight, is the heart of the matter. Whatever we are to call “the gospel,” it must include this story of Jesus’ death and resurrection, yes, but also his ascension as Lord over the whole earth. We cannot separate the gospel from the story.
But the miracle ended not here; for He caused to abound not only whole loaves, but fragments also; to shew that the first loaves were not so much as what was left, and that they who were not present might learn what had been done, and that none might think that what had been done was a phantasy; “And they took up fragments that were left, twelve baskets full.”
Favorite Athlete: In football, it was Roger Staubach and Dan Fouts. In baseball I grew up a Cardinals fan so it was Tim McCarver, Lou Brock, and Ted Simmons. And in basketball it was Pete Maravich or Michael Jordan.
The later years of G.I. Joe: a Real American Hero was absolutely riddled with sub-teams. It’s partly what made me lose interest in the brand. Not only were the new figures painted in more and more garish colors but the creation of all of these sub-teams meant a lot of character repetition. One of the great things about the Joe brand that allowed it to grow and attract new fans was the constant influx of new characters. Unlike Batman , Spider-Man and the Ninja Turtles who had a finite number of heroes, the Joe team could go on endlessly creating new specialties and the creators could make a character as valuable to the franchise as they wanted. Some figures seemed doomed to be background characters while other were propelled into the spotlight by the cartoon and comic book. As characters like Flint and Beachhead were introduced into the line they became must have characters. Hasbro seemed to have run out of ideas as the 90s rolled in though. Sub-teams like the DEF (drug elimination force) or Star Brigade were filled with rehashed characters like Duke and Roadblock. In the old days when a figure was re-released like Hawk, Snake-Eyes or Roadblock it was because the new figure was an improvement over the old one. In the 90s that was not the case. Why would I want to buy this new crappy Duke in a clunky purple spacesuit when I already have a much better Duke figure that was made 10 years earlier.
It is times like these that I bring out my fighting tools. One tool I use is the motto: “fighters take obstacles and turn them into challenges.” I am taking this obstacle as a challenge and I know I will be a stronger person for it. And when that tool doesn’t work I bring out my gratitude tools. I think it is so important to put problems in perspective. Yes, I still love him on a certain level, and yes, I am hurting. But I have family, friends, my health, a potential job. I have my youth (somewhat), clean water, food to eat, a place to sleep. I had the opportunity to explore the UK for three weeks. I’m sure millions of people in India aren’t preoccupied by heart-break. They are preoccupied by where they are going to find food next and if their son is going to make it until tomorrow. Even the whole idea of “weight-loss” is quite a frivolous thing when put into perspective. So…4 more days until my trip to California where I will be seeing my ex in person. I must remain strong and look for the positives in the situation and I will continue to grow.
Today’s image is of the horrible Guru Dakshina asked by Drona from Ekalavya, which he, the loyal and grateful student, happily payed.
A bit of back and forth banter, and I had secured myself Date #5 with Train Guy.
I usually prepare multiple plates at a time-in modest sizes-so i have a stock on hand when the mood strikes. If you have any questions-contact me!
The food was good, wholesome and plentiful and the sweets far too delicious!
1/2 lemon (optional)
(Do I have the choice????????????)
For me, the biggest story in today’s papers is not Calder Hart, or Faris al Rawi, or the union threat to destabilise the coalition or Anil Roberts behaving like a disrespectful lout to his political leader…..rather it is a story almost buried in the Guardian that synopsising the Auditor General’s Report for 2011.
1/4 cup grated Parmesan
Our seventeenth President, Andrew Johnson (the photo at right is by Matthew Brady), is another of those that ranks near the lowest of all the presidents, although occasionally his ranking rises. He was noticed by Abraham Lincoln, when the Tennessean stayed in Congress while his home state seceded. Lincoln appointed him military governor of Tennessee and then he was selected to be his Vice Presidential running mate in the 1864 election.
‘I met her on a bus,’ said the man. ‘She invited me back here. Oh God, it was hell. I can’t walk. Please help me.’
I remember her 35th birthday as if it were yesterday. We had a small celebration that day, just a few close friends. She knew it would be her last, and we wanted to make it special for her. Not too much fanfare, just a small gathering of the people who mattered most to her. Later that evening, Jill and I were sitting out on the back porch talking about life, laughing about stupid things, sharing "remember the time..." stories from our childhood. Then she looked at me and our eyes locked for a long moment. Tears welled up in her eyes, and she said, "Thanks for always being there for me." Her head was bald from chemotherapy, scarred and bandaged from surgery; her face was worn and weathered from treatment after treatment; but her eyes were still as deep and beautiful and full of life as when we were kids. In my mind, all those scars and bandages fell away, and I saw the same Jill I'd known my whole life. In that moment there were no scars, no bandages, no tears, no cancer. Just Jill. The image of her face in that moment is burned into my memory forever. Those are the kinds of moments I never want to forget.
Recently a close family member needed furniture, so I donated mine. Today my two nephews came over to get the furniture. We had it all ready to go.
While I absolutely intend to keep things going here with service reviews, articles and news, followers of the site may notice that while the quality and sharpness of focus here will remain, the intensity of postings simply cannot if I am to pursue my wider writing passions. In the past few months alone, I'm have been writing at up to fifty plus posts per month, and in some cases, they can run into several thousand words at a time.
Hope you are all enjoying some beautiful weather, it is absolutely glorious down in Devon
"Narcopolis" can feel overwhelming at times, with its flood of verbiage and unfamiliar terminology and transitions. This effect can certainly be chalked up to the author's attempt to enact "the haze" that accompanies the opiate atmosphere of Bombay. Be prepared to approach "Narcopolis" with a desire to hand yourself over to an experience of the unfamiliar, at times a dance of hedonism and, at others, one nightmare of a trip.
So here we have this real ambivalence about money. Part of you rejects it and part of you resents not having it. Now, the universe doesn't know what to do about that, because the universe has received two different thoughts from you. So you life with regard to money is going to go in fits and starts because you keep going in fits and starts about money.
He just got that mohawk and 2 days later, he had a date.
Halifax native Rich Aucoin emerged from this borderless band scramble in 2007 with his self-recorded-and-released debut solo EP, Personal Publication, a DayGlo glitterbomb that caught the ear of both the Canadian and American music press, due in no small part to its having been composed to synchronize with the animated classic How the Grinch Stole Christmas. Aucoin quickly gained a reputation as an amazing live act, a madcap magician dressed all in white, leading his congregation through a 3-D multimedia wonderland beneath a giant rainbow parachute. From the start, Aucoin sought to erase the boundary between artist and audience, performer and participant; his involvement in the same online A/V synching community that birthed the Wizard of Oz/Dark Side of the Moon phenomenon likely played a role in this, and certainly contributed to his ongoing experimentation with the visual component of his shows. The last three years have seen his career gather momentum at the same pace as his artistic evolution, spurred along by appearances at countless music festivals worldwide, with a magnum opus entitled We're All Dying to Live waiting in the wings.
"It is okay. You do not have to be afraid, I cannot read your thoughts."
What we need:
Fishy rolls his eyes, "I'll stop being mean when you say something intelligent or do something useful."
Today I am mostly liking little cats (g), (h) and (i), all added to subsection 4 of Section 188 of the Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992 by virtue of the Agency Workers Regulations 2010 (http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2010/93/schedule/2/paragraph/4/made).
Days I exercised: 3
I want financial freedom.
I’m the one with the gun
They lie and lie and the
are seriously freaks!
We explore the early years of this once-quiet piece of mid-Manhattan real estate and some of the notable events that have taken place at St. Patrick's since its opening.
Eggs, 1 pc (optional)
This recipe can be cut in half to bake 1 bread. *If baking 1 bread, use 1 Whole Egg + 2 Egg Whites or 2 Whole Eggs.
I looked up to the dark blue-black sky, amazed at the multitude of stars and the thin crescent moon–more than a fingernail but less than a half and on its way to full.
Since President Obama’s famous visit to the cantina in September 2010, I’ve only stopped by Barelas once or twice. My quick huevos rancheros were stellar, as always. That was over six months ago. I was excited to revisit an old favorite we’d somehow forgotten to frequent.
New research from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shows that Americans 60 and older still owe about $36 billion in student loans … More than 10 percent of those loans are delinquent. As a result, consumer advocates say, it is not uncommon for Social Security checks to be garnished or for debt collectors to harass borrowers in their 80s over student loans that are decades old.
This was another layout done for 2 Crafty. The chipboard on this was embossed with 2 colours, another old school technique. Again the clock is re-used from prima packaging. Another layout of my girl and the many smiles that she gives :)
Next, in my teen years as I wrote poetry
Most of the time my heart lives in that rhythm but the odd 1% of the time a race of imagined realities and perceived hurts begin and is kept up by the breath.
Romans 10:13
Also, someone has published a book and taken one of my stories called Pillowbook Tale from CS. I saw it in Kindle, and that pisses me off. It really does.
S-Line 757CTM S-Line 757CTM is again a specialist larger reel which has all of the features of the 757CT above but has the additional advantage of a magnetic braking system adjustable by a chrome knobby positioned on the left hand side plate, a CT open cage for casting longer distances and has the magnetic brake as well as the centrifugal brakes to control the spool, the S-Line 757 CTM has the same large capacity and has all the same benefits as the 757CT which include, features chrome plated brass side plates, upgraded stainless steel power handle, machined brass cut gears, carbon drag system, centrifugal braking, a larger spindle to prevent flex and jamming of the spool, dual anti-reverse, corrosion resistant instant anti reverse bearing, Japanese stainless steel bearings, line out alarm, high torque winding power, but with open CT cage for long range casting.
Everyone has the right to dislike policies and attitudes of other agents. But…just don’t act like your word is final. For every opinion, there is an opposite.
Caller: Yeah, I was wonderin’ if I could cut some trees across the road from my place.
There has been a slow transformation of the old city of tehzeeb to the ”you-know-who-my-father-is” culture . People come here to build their dreams and in that process an old city is slowly dying an unnatural death. The original Delhi is fighting a losing battle of survival in the urban jungle.
1 purchased
I received an update from Nuffnang, informing on the new Ad Code, and guess most people has received the notice too! Have you update your Ad Code in exchange for the $$? Well it is said that the old code can still be use, but NN will prefer us using the new code. I have changed mine, and added additional space for the ad.. Have you?
I see a little house
“Can we just not talk about this anymore? I’ve got a ton of research to do before tomorrow.”
Who you love…I’ll love
Please leave a comment with your first 50 words on the topic “I don’t want.”
2) Don’t get drunk enough where head returns to the comfort of my own ass
9 Semi-colons (extended sentence about teenage romantic drama)
Perhaps the most redeeming thing I’ve done in the last few weeks musically (getting married trumps everything) happened on Saturday night, when I went to a Camera Obscura show here in good ole Hampton Roads, where the area tagline should be, “where no one good ever comes to play.” Except they did the other night, which was cool, because Papercuts and Camera Obscura were both (duh) incredible and it had been way too long since I’d been to a good show. The venue was kind of strange, though–it was an actual theatre. There wasn’t really room to get up and stand up front or to get up and dance around, and so everyone pretty much just sat there and swayed, other than some little kids who were dancing up in one of the boxes. My sister and I eventually gave in and tried to get to the front and dance…whatever. I’ll go back to the Attucks Theatre if they keep bringing in good people. ANYWAY, off topic, I had only ever listened to My Maudlin Career so I went to the library and stocked up on older C.O. albums and have enough to keep me busy for a bit, anyway.
Clown feet!
Gtube, inguinal hernia, Had BPD, cardiac problems, 1 kidney
Understanding Portable PA Systems And The Features You Need
According to the opinion by Circuit Judge Barry,
(a thing about me none of you know... I was fined at college for damage to the floor of my room. I was stripping-down a Laycock-De Normanville overdrive out of an MGB, and I had to drive a bearing off the mainshaft, and I, er, forgot to put a sacrificial bit of wood between it and the floor.. It was a lovely thing, an epicyclic gearbox. In later years I had one in a Volvo 240. Oh how I love gears.)
I gave this book five stars.
Be fully present and always show respect for others by caring enough to listen.
Then the song “he’s still working on me” popped into my head…
Marion Oubhie sent me an image of an unidentified man, possibly from her Showell family, asking if I could estimate a date. It is a standard carte de visite by the Burton-upon-Trent (Staffordshire) studio of George Renwick. From the design of the card mount (see image below) and the negative number, I believe that the photograph was produced around 1883-1885.
4. Ash Koley – And now for something completely different… Also discovered this Winnipeg pop singer this week! Some of her songs are a little too “pop” for me, but I really really like “Brighter At Night” with its little Coldplay-esque arrangements. Working out to this song is fun!
minutes until fish flakes.
I hope you are looking forward to a wonderful new week - I know I am. There are a lot of finishing details for behind the scenes and new projects to begin!
Following the vision of the red-feathered arrow
She leans over and presses play on her answering machine
“I was content and satisfied before even knowing this. And yet I am buying into the lie that I cannot be happy and content unless I get this can. Why shouldn’t I be content and satisfied without buying this can if I have always been satisfied and happy before?”
Well here is the speech. It’s a pretty speech, filled with nice words and sentiment, of course the word “victory” is not present. Although this was probably a smart move, less than two hours after the President left Kabul, the Taliban attacked with a suicide car bomb and militants disguised as women. Their target was a foreigner’s housing compound, killing at least seven people.
They are the exact colors in the window drapes:
ISBN: 031214122-x
Anyone with a downloadable cricket score provided by the australian test cricket team opposite sex. But such players have never been so interesting. Cricket podcast downloading has also acted as a sport like cock fights. Crickets are also a type of cricket throws light on every platform. Fans search such medium, which is conducive to express themselves. Cricket lovers love knowing cricket records in their rooms and cupboards. Cricket wallpaper is very easy since they tend to analyze his overall performance, achievements and many more. Cricket podcast downloading has also acted as a benefit when they can become a successful cricketer. In fact cricket fans' love the ashes test cricket, cricket stats for Test cricket, one-day internationals, and first-class cricket are given in newspaper too. But only experts and established journalist are supposed to give his best. Since the test cricket averages of cricket, knows that live cricket match and flowing with the australian test cricket team of Sachin Tendulkar; live cricket score.
Closing date 4th June, entries welcome worldwide and good luck!
So go Coyotes, achieve perfection!
So, sweet and juicy going down, followed by a drying, slightly peppery bitterness and a toasted finish. Another one that won't blow you away, but it's certainly a nice one to have a few of on a night. I think I still like it.
Lewis, Tania. 2006. “Seeking health information on the internet: lifestyle choice or bad attack of cyberchondria?” Media, Culture and Society 27 (4), 521-539
In other news, my friend in Thailand sent me a bunch of really cool stuff including this Naga ring. It kicks ass:
Combined with the uniquely extensive history and the overt symbolism of this piece, the fact that it is such a symbol of Queen Elizabeth’s reign puts it at number two on my countdown of her ten best diamonds – pearls and all.
1 1/2 ounce light (a/k/a "white") rum
Legal observers noted McVey’s ruling could make it impossible to enforce business agreements with medical marijuana companies.
Or you can just do like my evil ex-sister — Pamela Asmus Trakas Roy — (yes she’s been married AND divorced, married AND divorced again): just THROW it all up! It’s kept her rail thin and barely alive for 40 years now. She looks like haggard as hell!! But at least she’s skinny and she still gets to eat and drink as much booze as she wants. Clearly, that’s working really well for her.
Located at N. Lamar and St. Johns, Midtown Commons is 4 miles from the University of Texas, 12 minutes from downtown Austin, and in close proximity to several transit options (including the future Capital Metro MetroRail).
One may have entered one’s prayer closet around 3:30 AM. One may have praised the Lord with song, confessed one’s sins, thanked the Lord and prayed for the sick.
John 1; Psalm 11; 2 Samuel 16
devoured with passion, enjoyed with a fervor
Michael Pineda and Jose Campos go to the Yankees in exchange for Jesus Montero and Hector Noesi.
This had taught me never to doubt God’s ability to provide financially for us! We will always have more than enough! So for those of you needing something, ask and you will receive! I can testify! God blesses marriages, so for those of you standing in faith to get married soon but the finances are freaking you out – where are they going to come from – ask God! Yes we had to save also and be faithful with that which the Lord had given us, but we have also been so blessed by friends and family willing to do things for us and give up time and energy to help out! In every area of our preparation we have been blessed! From the rings to the dress, the worship, reception band, food, decorations, finances, gifts, photography, flowers, marriage contract, ceremony, venues! Everything!!!! All the glory and honour to God who has provided abundantly for us! He will do the same for you!
Germany has until the end of April this year to bring its VAT laws into compliance. If it does not do so, the Commission may choose to refer the matter to the European Court of Justice.
Then for spells, we made Troll Boogers.
At a very basic level, I understand social capital as being an important reason why I am unlikely to end up living on the streets. If Cathy and I were to run into problems (e.g., lose our jobs, lose our money or our house burnt down) we have strong social networks we could rely on to help. We are close to our families and they would be willing to help us out. In the past our families have lent each other money, have helped each other buy a house (e.g., my parents bought our house with us and have a separate dwelling in the backyard) and generally support each other. We also have friends who I suspect would be willing to help us out with accommodation for a while if we were desperate. More broadly we have a strong network of work colleagues who could help us find work (and we wouldn’t think some jobs were “below” us) or be able to put us in touch with people or services who could help address our immeidate needs. We would also do the same to people in social network. I think this is an example of how social capital can be important, particularly in times of crises.
start with skin color
Even though this is a sailing blog, so much has happened since the last time we were on Swift Ranger, I feel like I have to at least mention it. After all, it's not like time stops when we aren't sailing...although Patrick sure acts that way.
So this space 90 was perfect in all ways. Now why didn't I make reservations when we got back home? Well I finally did just the other day and yep space 90 is long gone... the only one left in the area is space 86. What's really funny is I went to Furnace Creek to get a photo of that site... I couldn't believe it.... there is my stepdad's car with his bike trailer in the photo! www.campsitephotos.com, that is hilarous! So here's where we will be this Thanksgiving!
sliding down to the point where the rough track
9. Hank and the Hobo
pizza I eat.I am from New York..the place of
A lovely afternoon on a bench at the Place des Vosges. Others read while he played his music. Looking back, I wish I'd put down my camera and taken a seat nearby and enjoyed it as well. Lesson learned.
I don’t know how accurate or scientific this whole process is, but I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t exciting to be compared to Charles Dickens. Though its impossible to pigeonhole artistic expression with statistics, I find “I Write Like” to be a nice distraction when I’m having a difficult writing day. Of course my goal as a writer is to have a distinct voice that is solely my own, but it’s nice to be “like” a famous author. It gives me a little hope that one day I will taste the sweet victory of publication.
Alfredsson is turning 40 on Dec. 11.
MESSY BODY TRUST
I will tell you more about Reiki and the positive things it has done for me since practicing it in a later post, but for now just know that it has changed my life and immediate positive changes have happened since practicing it. So much good in fact I am becoming a Reiki Practitioner.
Murder on the Beach Mystery Bookstore Presents:
It’s a show of confidence and respect that I’ve been assigned to be the inside nurse and let me tell you I was both proud and raring to prove myself worthy. Each time it’s worked out very well. It helps that I’m friendly with pretty much everyone at work and get along very well with the veteran nurses that often lead the 2:1 teams. It’s great experience and I look forward to doing it in the future.
The man turned to Frank and said, “That’s it! I knew there was something the Lord wanted me to press in on with you, but until you said that, I was searching and searching.” Frank did not even realize the man was a believer until that moment. “This may sound strange to you but God has given me a strange kind of gift to help barren women become pregnant. Whenever I pray for women, they get pregnant. May I ask you to do something rather unusual?” Frank continued to listen before committing to anything.
Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt, and set aside.
Robert also has the knowledge to help me with what to plant, and where, for best results; what to buy and where to buy it; how to solve problems from pests to blight and, most importantly, picks up the approximately six millions leaves that fall in my back garden each autumn.
Lesser men are marked for what they destroy, not for what they create, for more than half a century lesser men have ruled the West, and we see the trail of their destruction all around us.
Heat 2-3Tbsp oil in a skillet on medium-high. Dredge the steaks in flour and let sit for a few minutes. Brown the steaks for 1-2 minutes per side. Place in a slow cooker on low. Mix 2 cups of water with the onion mushroom mix and pour over the steaks. Cook for approximately 7 hours. Mix the remaining 2 cups of water with the gravy mix and pour into the slow cooker. Allow to cook for another 30 minutes. Serve over mashed potatoes.
Next week, a completely new life experience for me that led to a delicious meal.
Start a new tradition this Christmas Eve for the children in your lives by sending this special "It's a Book! It's a Card!" edition of the traditional retelling.
Hemingbyrd rides up next to her as she gets on her mount.
In a sauce pan combine sugar, water and blueberries and let heat. The sugar will melt and the blueberries will start to burst. Let it form a syrup.
Egon features a bold mix and match of prints, a key trend for this season. The prints are done in a blue called ‘Open Air’, an upbeat color combination designed to compliment your skin tone. The print is fun and trendy yet very wearable as the cups remain smooth and seamless. This bra will disappear under your outfit unless you want to be a little bit daring and show off the fun shoulder straps.
1/3 cup applesauce
I had NO FREAKING IDEA that I was part of this Google Friend Connect upheaval.
“I know for a fact” there are other innocent men in prison, Williams said to the crowd gathered after the hearing. “You will not get the proper representation if you are poor,” he added. “A lot of them had to cop out to cases that they knew they was innocent on because they didn’t want to face the jury.”
bone but split,
This invitation is very good news as we never get out anymore what with HackneyBaby and all. Maybe there will be alcohol! Also, maybe the footfall of visiting artists and art lovers will be such that one of them will see the For Sale sign outside our flat and want to buy it. You never know.
I don’t want a bread maker. I can put the dough in the oven myself. I need a mixer. A machine that will let me effortlessly create challah, birthday cakes, banana bread, cookies, cheesecake and brownies. All to be eaten in moderation of course!
(Trailer by youtube user Syrah412)
I never consider myself a Richard Meier fan until I’m in one of his buildings. At first blush it is easy to dismiss his architectural style as cold, inorganic, predictable – simply a “style”. The reality is just the opposite. His buildings are more experiential voyages than they are simple built objects – so much so that I forget why I’m there.
Two people left this morning, one more this evening, so only two of us left now, but we're ready for the 4th of July, so bring on the fun!
At Halloween you may have purchased a plastic skull in a barrel that has a motion sensor attached.When someone passed that device,the skull popped out and said something both corny and chilling.When Halloween was over,you should have taken the batteries out of the device.Store them in a dry,cool place.
Just when lungs might burst and heart explode, a crimson star on the sand, I stumble.
True story here. I had been having a hard time. I had not been in the best of moods, but while less than communicative, had been doing what I was supposed to do.
"A woodchuck ate all your bulbs," she said. "Either that or a chipmunk."
Most verbal, contemporary and charismatic of all believers in the Holographic Universe is Nassim Haramein, born 1962, a budding genius, self-taught physicist and Director of Research at the Resonance Project, in Boulder Colorado. He goes beyond holographic theory, beyond Einstein’s unified field, sees the universal hologram as sacred geometry, taking his Universal scaling Law for Organized Matter as a model for ‘whole’ structures, from subatomic particles to complete galaxies. His approach in this seminar, illustrated with loving devotion to his pyramids, sacred tetrahedra, torus spirals, fractal curves and spheres, is lengthy in form, but is worth watching because, with a little application, concentration, his breezy approach makes it so simple to grasp. His theory is that the Universal Intelligence is constantly creating fractals, generating spheres, and that these creations are held together by the ‘glue’ of gravity. Links above show some of his series of 45 talks, and videos 11 and 12 focus specifically on crop circle messages.
By the way, here are some inspiration shots. If my kitchen could look like any of these, I'll be a very happy girl!
A couple of friends of mine Geoff and Louise were in a long term relationship. They shared an apartment close to town where they had been living for about a year and a half. Now, Geoff would often find it highly amusing to ‘cup’ Louise whilst they sat on the sofa watching movies together. He would feel himself about to break wind, lean over to one side, trump and form a cup shape with his hand and waft the “gas” towards her face. Disgusting I know (but funny, admit it). Anyway, Louise was getting quite sick of him doing this so often and so one night she decided to turn the tables on him. One night, whilst they watched an episode of Supernatural she felt a trump “brewing” and so she decided to play Geoff at his own game. She leaned over, trumped, cupped her hand and wafted towards Geoff; but this time he was not amused whatsoever, and he stormed out of the room and went to bed early, barely speaking to her when she later went to bed herself. The fact that he found it hilarious to do it to her but did not like it done to himself appeared as though he could not take a joke, however what his problem was this “You’re a girl and girls are not supposed to fart, let alone cup people.” What? Louise was confused. Why was it okay for Geoff to do that to her and find it funny, but when she did it, it was so disgusting and wrong? It was because he had a stereotype in his head that women did not like nor do such things, and yet it was okay to do that as a guy. I could say that the answer lies with Etiquette, however if that was the case then it would be wrong for both of the sexes to pass wind in front of the other surely? Now, if he believed that Ladies do not fart, then what on earth happened to the Gentlemen? And does this mean that us poor women have to sit there with bloated sore stomachs because of the amount of times we have to hold it in, just to appear as Ladies to our not so Gentlemanly Gentlemen?
The Seminole people were once part of the Creek tribe. In the late 1700's, the Lower Creeks began to migrate into Florida to evade the dominance of the Upper Creeks. The Lower Creeks then became known as the Seminoles as the word mean "wanderer." During the colonial years, the Seminole were on good terms with both the Spanish and the British. In 1784, the treaty ending the American Revolutionary War transferred British rule of Florida to Spain. The Spanish Empire's decline enabled the Seminole to settle more deeply into Florida until 1842, when the US forced the majority of Seminoles to move from Florida to the Indian Territory (modern Oklahoma) after the Second Seminole War.
3 TBSP. strawberry jam
Helloo crafty folks, well here I am again with another card ...... you can tell I am still on my Summer Hols, I would never normally create this many if I were at work.....which I am counting down the days....another 9 more days left......boooo hooooo!!!
You all may remember my fantastic Coffee Revue in Jan of this year, and know that I LOVE coffee!! Well Tony sent me this fantastic graphic that I just had to share with my readers!
This made it the perfect choice to use on this project where adhesive had to be used in the folded areas of this invitation. There is no puckering, no waves in the paper... yet all of this was adhered with a liquid adhesive! Impressive... I sure think so.
Sorry, I'm digressing. Back to the business at hand.
"To teach a foreign language in Korea requires a certain level of qualification, but in fact only a few foreigners here have these qualifications, so many hagwons in Korea illegally employ foreigners with no qualifications." "If foreigners with no qualifications are illegally employed, Koreans won't know if the person teaching their children is an ex-con or a pervert."
Yeast sample you want to propogate.
Now that he's no longer working for PIMCO, McCulley is a bit more free to speak his mind. And he says the only way to jumpstart the U.S. economy is for the federal government to get behind a serious program to encourage consumer debt forgiveness and principal reductions on mortgages by banks. (tinyurl.com/3cbdjpk)
The mob was a grassroots production put on my The Dream LLC. With a boom box and a dream the invite was sent out on FB. The invited swelled up to over 5000 and over 500 confirmed Yes’s! All potential mobbers were asked to learn the MJ dance from YouTube or Wii. There is a part for the girls and a part for the boys. There was even a practice held on Saturday for any interested. Of course I showed up because I wanted to be on point, and I live for tomfoolery and shenanigans!
- The "you're a guy, you must be a doctor" misunderstanding. Happens all the time to me and other guy nurses even when we're wearing the same scrubs as the women. Is it so hard to believe these days?
Off the boys and I went this morning.
Towards the end of the book, Foer concludes in a very simple manner,
Sharman said Burlington is car-friendly. Not so much for cyclists.
Howd-ya do, howd-ya do, howd-ya do
(Which, this being Florida, are actually still upon us. It's been in the low 90s during the day here. Although it seems to be warm Up North as well. Heck, it was warm enough in Philadelphia last night to make the players of the Atlanta-Philly game sweat their asses off. Damn Phillies.)
“You know, like a hammer and a wrench or something. Working guy tools. That’s the avatar I want. I’m positive.”
This painting has taken a long rest but yesterday I found myself re-mixing the colors for the electrical cords and redefining their edges. Now that they pop, I have a bit of work to do on a few of the shoes which haven't even received any paint.
She sneers defiantly at him, but her bravado is leaving her, as she simply can’t imagine what she can do against this creature. She almost fails to notice that the other victims, the twins and the man covered in her strange vomit, are all struggling to their feet as well. The twins move to bar the giant’s way, but he shows no concern. As he prepares to sweep them away, his focus still mainly on her, he overlooks the strangely mutated builder crouching at her feet.
The Italian label has brought us some extraordinary reissues culled from the margins of 80s synth wave, goth, post-punk and electro-pop, as well as treating us to new releases from modern day standard-bearers like Frank (Just Frank) and Led Er Est.
Mushroom seasoning :
6 tablespoons white sugar
Even with that precaution, Pevan's landing was flat-footed and clumsy enough to make her hiss. She flexed her ankle and shot Jashi a rueful glance.
So, maybe I did not quite “almost die.” But I did almost fall out of the car. I was as scared as I could ever recall being as of that time in my life- so not just scared of heights and shakily climbing back down the ladder from the diving board of the “high dive.”
So, for instance, one might say something like "When you did not play the game fairly, you hurt my feelings. Not following the rules and then, laughing about it made me feel sad."
Her service was cold and so matter of fact that her death was god's will and that she would be back---even to the stage of telling her young husband not to worry because they would find him a new wife.
Johnson was born in Detroit in 1927 and started out as an abstract artist, studying with Josef Albers at Black Mountain College in North Carolina in the late 1940's. He moved to New York City in 1949, following other Black Mountain alumni such as Cage and Cunningham. Within a few years, he was part of one of the most influential art circles in America, painting geometric abstractions that reflected the influence of Albers.
Melt the white chocolate in the microwave with a one tablespoon of vegetable oil per 12 ounces of chocolate. The oil allows for smoother melting and give the finished project softer bite.
Yes, a stencil was used for the title!! I haven't used those since school,Ha! 'At the Toppie' is a phrase that all parents local to me will have heard. It is the nickname for the playing field in the village...also known at the 'Top Field'. I wanted to remember in years to come that they went to the 'Toppie'.
Any heart, anywhere on your card!
I always remembered a conversation I had once in the mid-80s, I don't know why it stays in my mind -- I said I thought a particular situation comedy was kind of -- I don't know, obnoxious, offensive, nasty -- and a friend of mine said emphatically, "That's the dirtiest show on television!"
Below are some tips to beat the competition at your next trade show or exhibit:
I try to avoid overwhelming feelings of loss.
Well, it's almost time for the wonderful and enriching Life is Good Unschooling Conference. I love conferences; they give me an opportunity to reconnect with my family in an environment that is comfortable for all of us, great old and meet new friends, and celebrate the freedom of the lifestyle we have chosen. I've said it before, and I'll say it again - if you have never been to an unschooling conference, even if you're not an unschooler just yet, you should try to get to one and see how it can change your life and the lives of your children. The experience is truly awe-inspiring.
She herself knows her own configurations that we don’t understand
(this dough recipe will yield approximately eight, 8-inch long, think crust pizza shells)
Your turn: Have you done something similar in the past? What did you do and how did it work out? We’d love to learn from your expertise in this area.
-2 Magnolia stamps of your choice from Magnolia-licious
2-Once Upon A Child (she has no desire to buy anything, just loves the play area)
In his comments, Mr. Obama described a deal of spending cuts that he said was more generous than what the so-called Gang of Six had offered and said it was “hard to understand” why Mr. Boehner would walk away…. – NYT, 7-22-11
- Jesus says “as the Father sends me so I send you”
Is it just us or is anyone else out there having trouble navigating these treacherous markets? The events that you believe will move markets just aren’t gaining traction and it now feels we’re in full blown preservation of capital mode. But what do we know?
Crops of Luv makes albums for Make A Wish Albums for families who go to Disneyland or World. Please visit and support each crafter and also if you would like to make layouts for Crops of Luv you can do so by contacting.... Crops of Luv at http://www.cropsofluv.com/.
to replace them with something a little less chunky!!
A pen and paper, a good knife and this straw hat I have that says Bud Light on it. I’m very practical.
I’m always on the look out for sun protection products, so I picked up Sooryehan’s Bichaek Sun Block Cream (white box). I also picked up Sooryehan Onbit Essence Foundation (top left) and Sooryehan Onbit Cover Make-up (bottom left) as they came in a shade 25, which is quite unusual for Korean brands which usually have only shades 21, 23.
And finally, I bought a party hat, cut it out, and used it to make a hat pattern. Then I sandwiched some stiff interfacing in between the layers and sewed this party hat. I didn't do it well, but I learned enough to do it perfectly next time. But since I'm not a huge perfectionist, I'm happy with good-enough version that I already made and Bunny loves!
Feel free to use my penguins in your own activities. I would be so honored!
The paper said Malema, the main force behind a push to nationalise the mines and banks in Africa's biggest economy, had admitted he was "finished politically" and had decided to go into cattle farming.
My in-laws joined us this weekend (as they often do). We don't get to spend much time with them, so it was nice to have them along. The boys are crazy about them, and they were a huge help to us. They took the boys hiking on Saturday so that Scott & I (and his niece) could bike the Virginia Creeper Trail. We had taken the boys on the trail on Friday, and they did well, but certainly weren't up for it two days in a row.
YOU'VE GIVEN EVERYTHING AWAY! I KNOW WHO THE WINNER IS!
Grabbed it? Let me know with the form below so I can give you your FIVE EXTRA ENTRIES. 'Cause unicorns and rainbows are worth that much.
Ritz's rooms were among the very first to include en suite bathrooms as well as new technology such as telephones. There were transoms over doors of high ceilinged rooms to allow microbe inhibiting ventilation in a time when there was anxiety with regard to tuberculosis and other infectious diseases. Upholstery and furnishing fabrics and curtains were washable, and much simpler than those of the Second Empire and Victorian styles just preceding. Cesar Ritz chose the very best chefs, waiters, someliers and service people, often persuading them to leave other establishments where they had already proven themselves. Essentially, a Ritz Hotel was one that was of French decor, impeccably clean, and with faultless 5 star cuisine and service. The trademark of the hotel was a heraldic lion and a crown, with connotations of history and nobility.
but somehow not transformed
Pitted against
And everybody knows that you're in trouble
Without an editor, a writer is allowed to be verbose and tangential, to forget the argument entirely or to create an argument that makes sense only to him (or her). You may be in love with what you wrote, but that doesn’t make it good and it certainly won’t make others want to read it. As my mentor, Karen Hodges Miller, likes to say, “The greatest writing in the world is useless if no one reads it.” And to get it to the point of readability, someone other than you should read it.
Mika and I love it. I just put the pillow that came with the chair inside the pillowcase for now. Jordan likes the lumbar support of the firmer pillows, so it might have to stay. But I would prefer a down filled pillow. I'm actually having a hard time finding 12x20" down filled pillow inserts - any suggestions?
THE GROUND OF LIBERTY IS TO BE GAINED BY INCHES. WE MUST BE CONTENTED TO SECURE WHAT WE CAN GET FROM TIME TO TIME AND ETERNALLY PRESS FORWARD FOR WHAT IS YET TO GET. IT TAKES TIME TO PERSUADE MEN TO DO EVEN WHAT IS FOR THEIR OWN GOOD.
Maybe it's because I've had this one sitting around for a while, but it seems just a bit off style.
I mean, there’s 10,000 feet of empty air, and it’s just about an inch away.
Deja vu
Gentile and Breitkopf were among a clutch of officers who responded to a 911 call of a man with a knife walking the streets of the neighborhood.
A few years back, we (that is my DH (dear husband) Allen and I) went camping in California's Siskiyous, the first trip in a long time. Actually, the trip was more a disaster. We carried, yes carried backpacks and canned food and a small propane stove (I can't believe we did this) UP four miles of a mountain trail to set up our tent by a lake. No can opener. No matches. No fire. But the lake was pretty and later the stars came out.
4. Prepare the crescent dough to make the chicken salad pockets. I do not make the prettiest pockets, but this is how I do it:
It’s been a long, busy week. The kids have been on reduced schedule all week, which means they’ve been home from school lots earlier in the day and keeping me hopping.
“I think it’s institutionally evil. The individual people doing it believe Oh, we’re doing the right thing. They’re able to justify it to themselves because nobody’s making absolute masses of money. But they are taking money from people before the money is made.
- It is distasteful to support extremist newspapers, Lena Adelsohn Liljeroth was quoted as saying in the government publication Riksdag & Departement, promising measures to deprive newspapers with ”racist” content of press subsidies.
The other option for Social Security is means testing, which would reduce or eliminate benefits for the most economically fortunate. The politics of this possibility will certainly push the “class warfare” buttons, but it wouldn’t surprise me to see proposals enter the picture as the crisis becomes more evident.
Of course, each individual challenge will still have its own prize from one of our illustrious, Santa-like sponsors!
who don’t spit no seed
Indeed, one has to ask how it would be that revealing that the offenders belong to any of the main ethnic groups amongst the immigrant population, would reveal the identity of their victims, given how many there now are in Britain.
Lorne A. Platt
The page on the right has flourish rub ons in opposite corners. The little book opens out for more photo space and is secured with a secret magnet underneath the paper.
To slip would be so easy, it would be accomplished with little effort….
Honestly, I think my only current defense option is a manicure. By the by, I hate breaking a nail.
1 continental cucumber, peeled, cut lengthwise and thinly sliced
Asheville breweries
The BSU Beachwatchers asked to use it for a brochure, which sadly I never got a copy of. Come on you guys, get with it!
First of all I hope that you all had a wonderful Christmas, however you spent it and however you celebrate .. this year was very special for us, with it being our daughter's first! And we had a LOVELY day spent with family :D
“Homeland security is a rightwing concept fostered following 9/11 as the answer to the effects of 50 years of bad foreign policies in the middle east. The amount of homeland security we actually need is inversely related to how good our foreign policy is.” – Sam Smith, editor of The Progressive Review
Answer to Secret Question: I cut off her wings.
By the time 2009 was history, Obama had given the Queen of England an iPod preloaded with 40 show tunes, bowed to the King of Saudi Arabia, praised Marxists Daniel Ortega and Hugo Chavez, announced he would meet the Iranians with no pre-conditions, announced the termination of the U.S. space program the day after the North Koreans tested an intercontinental ballistic missile, wanted to try CIA agents on charges of torturing terrorists, wanted a civil trial for the mastermind of 9/11, and wanted to shut down Guantanamo. He put a card-carrying Communist and admitted tax cheats part of his administration, and that’s just the short list!
England: Goddang.Well, look, I was just talking to my buddies. No one’s going to care about that.
When I did finally get nervous it was right before the MC was about to call my name. However, once I got out of my chair and walked on stage, the butterflies disappeared but my body found other ways to channel that nervousness. I won’t tell you if I knocked it out of the park or bombed. You can go to the Drop-In page on Facebook and decide yourself. I won’t be posting it on my blog either because I can’t stand to see myself talk. I always want to close my eyes, cringe, and tell myself to bring it down an octave.
Do it this way. Say it this way. Do this or that way. WTF! I don't allow even my mother - who pushed me out into the world - to do this, why then people think they can do it?
I made the tart crust up last Friday and popped it into the freezer. Then, this morning I baked it and set it on the counter to cool. I almost over baked it. Got distracted multi-tasking, but pulled it from the oven just in time I think.
There was early recognition that all teaching teams would need support.
And while we're on the subject of Blogs, I've started a new joint one, with 25 other writers over at The History Girls: http://the-history-girls.blogspot.com If you like historical fiction, do drop by and take a look.
Or a red.
That’s why Paul says, “Don’t worry about anything…pray about it and then focus on things that are good, happy, cheerful, etc.”
4. The privilege of working.
Now that the rodent filled furor of Brewdog's latest headline grabber has started to subside & the avalanche of press coverage it's created wanes, it's time the look back on their eventful year and ask the question;
In medical school you are required to do rotations in a large number of specialties, and that includes family medicine. And I have spent the month of October doing, you guessed it, family medicine. Which I have to admit has been a different experience than I was expecting.
The city’s mayor Michael Bloomberg added that while he will tolerate the protest he won’t let Occupy take over the city.
Restlessness is a natural response to spring. I think if we can note it, be present to it, and allow it to flow through our being, it will give birth in its own time to the green possibilities our spirits crave. The tendencies to fix, name, flee, or rush to answers are more culturally stimulated than of our essence, it seems to me; they can be brushed away gently, clearing an inner space to wait and listen in readiness, but it is challenging.
I'm thrilled about our guests this week - two amazing women who are both editors and authors. Best of both worlds I'd say! The first half hour we'll hear from Beth Adams who is an Editor with Guideposts. The second half of the show will feature Ginger Kolbaba, who is an editor for Kyria.com. All you aspiring authors (myself included!) have your questions ready. Call into the show (1-877-864-4869), tweet them (@mcsweeney) or leave them on the segment post.
I know, also, that there are probably a lot of situations where it is okay not to have a plan or a goal. There may for example be a run where you just go out and do it. Don`t think, just go.
Grist is doing an entire series called Protein Angst trying to break down the rhetoric about this incredibly controversial subject. I’ll definitely be watching it.
“Within this framework, we will work with the Afghans to determine what support they need to accomplish two narrow security missions beyond 2014: counter-terrorism and continued training,” the president said. “But we will not build permanent bases in this country, nor will we be patrolling its cities and mountains. That will be the job of the Afghan people.”
May it survive till the day I go home.
Have a wonderful weekend, enjoy your people, your family, your friends, cherish each moment, remember to breathe and look around, take notice of the miracles and beauty that are all around us....sometimes, we just forget.....
2: Well here, Taiwan of these other guys. Shopping around – Estonia way to get the best price
The finale of this season is way more about setting up the next season than truly dealing with the events of season four. That’s ok, the show needed to shift the paradigm a bit, it just doesn’t hold up as well on its own merit.
Jewellery wise, we have:
I very often lately am finding myself thinking 'oh - I can't wait to share this on the blog' - and then a week goes
Since there are so many creative Meet Me On Monday posts, I have decided to use the Random picker to select one winner each week to be featured!
This is one of our favs from this recent year- extra points to Mom for taking one for the team…. sideburns-wise:
The second fact to note about the Duke Lacrosse case was that it allegedly involved the rape of a black woman by a group of white males, and it was this, added to the “gang” connotation which provided the dynamite beneath the hoax.
1 fresh red chili ( shredded )
Looks like we could be in for an interesting year of nuLabor re-writing of history - meow!
I finally worked out the sewing machine and finished Ollie's laundry bag (a lined drawstring barrel bag), the curtain for my craft room/office and some napkins, which I embroidered with our initials. I removed my thumb rings and now my thumb and wrist are feeling much better!
Get your hands on a touch screen
How is your meal planning going? Have you had to adjust your menu to fit your life better now that we have been doing this a few weeks? Are you accomplishing the goal of being intentional about using what you raised & preserved from your garden? I am beginning to see empty space in my freezer and pantry. It makes me happy to know that my energy/time last summer & fall are being put to good use and feeding my family. :D
First of all, let’s start by the wrong way of playing.
It really has just been a family affair, we did not really do any touristy stuff, we basically just hung out, chatting and spending precious time together.
Ghost Town Gallery: Although usually full of h****** garage rock trash, that's one less venue on a street corner that at one magical point in 2010 had FOUR rock and roll warehouses doing shows simultaneously.
4. I have just started a new blog (info to come when I have it up and running, and don't worry - I'm not stopping this one!)
So this game was just hinted a few weeks ago and a lot of buzz was building. I guess since Borderlands and Fallout the whole post-apocalyptic environments are quiet popular, but this particular art style features a more “nature-rich” set piece with trees and green areas are mixed with big buildings from a deserted big city. Reminds me a bit of Enslaved. The big reveal was also the announcement of the developer, Naughty Dog. Famous for Uncharted, Crash Bandicoot and Jax and Daxter – this game company has become one of the top contenders the last couple of years and they have become very keen on making hollywood like experiences, with a huge focus on cinematic cut-scenes and playable levels. It seems face animations from Uncharted 3 has also been a big focus. This new ip certainly fits the above focus points and it even looks like the same engine from Uncharted 3. Looks very cool indeed.
Cyberfrank will keep on improving the streets. More and bigger houses, new buildings, etc. We’re already looking forward to his next creation.
Pineapple essence: 1/4 tsp
The Italian tax authorities are now field testing a new system called ‘redditometro’, a database thatautomatically collects and analyzes taxpayers’ tax data vs. spending data based on automated collection of credit card and banking information.
So, as you can tell my date today was with a woman. The crazy-fabulous Priyanka, one of my very best friends from undergrad with whom I've talked for hours about gender binary structures and our belief in the kinsiean scale vs. sexuality based labels ("straight" "gay" "bi" etc.) We share so many of the same frustrations in dating that it only seemed fair and fitting that allow this out-of-town LGBTQ-ally to share a key date with me on this pride day in New York. I've tried dating women in the past and it never worked out but darn if I don't wish I was in love with the inspiring Pri. Please indulge this one diversion as I actually believe it's worthwhile to discuss.
a. If the President of the Republic or a fifth of the members of the People’s Assembly object to a law before it is passed, on the grounds of its unconstitutionality, it shall be suspended until the Court rules on it within 15 days of the date of lodging the objection at the Court. If the law is urgently needed, the Court shall rule on it within 7 days;
The police arrived AFTER we’d been informed over the PA (of the second tram) that the drunk had finally got off the tram in front and was no longer a danger.
Father Coyne notes in his “Galileo and the Church”, the imprimatur was granted on false grounds: it was argued that since Copernicus’ system contained epicycles, that was the basis of the condemnation. It wasn’t. The condemnation makes no mention of epicycles anywhere.
Can't I give them just one more hug, one more laugh, one more tickle or playful growl?
After leaving Iowa, Ava left Omi in tears on Friday because she was so very sad to leave Omi after having such a wonderful visit. Ava was soon giggling again after a fun night out for Mexican food in Iowa City with Truman and Lucy. Simon and Ava stopped at Simon's friend Mark's house to visit the Thompson family before heading back to Colorado.
Gabriella wore a lemon pettiskirt from Dreamspun Kids (splurge alert!), along with a matching hair clip that I attatched to a white elastic headband. Her camisole onesie is from Janie and Jack, and her sandals are from the Gymboree outlet. Oh and my dress was just on sale at Macy's. :-)
*note: we did learn quickly that asking for help is the best way to go. most people were very willing to be helpful if we asked nicely.*
How deep, How strong
And then there are the bluebirds in their nest box by the window. For weeks they've been coming and going with, to my eyes, neither rhyme nor reason. First he showed up in a blaze of blue and orange, bearing pieces of hay in his beak and strutting around. Then she came and seemed to be more focused, actually carrying stuff into the nest. But then the flow of building materials stopped, followed by casual visits during which the pair would stick their heads into the nest and then fly off, perhaps never to return. Were they inexperienced? Were they losing interest? Were they scared of the frogs? I didn't dare to look inside then nest box, for fear of putting them off
The article is about Anders Behring Breivik and the Norwegian media’s role in influencing the courts in Norway, particularly on the issue of Breivik’s sanity. In another newspaper article Lippestad claims that Breivik is altering his statements based upon the information presented in the newspapers.
On the downside, the bulbs don’t reach full brightness immediately when turned on. Plus, they contain small amounts of mercury, and therefore have to be disposed of carefully.
He is so ultra responsible that he's been begging me to take him to school so he can turn in his homework. What am I gonna do with that kid?
She might as well set off from home about half a day after the plane lands, because last time, the line in purgatory seemed to last forever. Shuffling souls being tormented by demons in uniform. Show your papers, put 'em away, show your papers, and so forth. Several flights-worth of non U.S travellers had landed, but only a handful of the many booths were open. And the guys running them, well they were there for the full shift, whatever, so why should they care how long I'd been shuffling that interminable zigzag line?
bloodlust was used for judgment on the apostate Israel and Judah. You see
Let me begin by saying categorically, that Islam does NOT forbid women from going to the mosque. In fact, it was encouraged by the Prophet when he said, “‘Do not prevent the female servants of Allah from going to the mosque…” (Muslim, Abu Dawud). The mosque is the center of the community, of access to Islamic education, and is key to fulfilling certain religious rites. So why then are some women barred outright by male family members? Why is there a global adherence to this belief that’s also being maintained by scholars, laypeople and by women themselves?
Red Rosa, for instance, has bronze statues and a large square in Berlin named after her. The Rosa Luxemburg Foundation, with funding from the Federal Republic of Germany is “instigating, promoting and supporting” socialist political education worldwide, creating “International Neoliberal Networks,” organizing 2,000 “educational” events per year with 50,000 participants in Germany alone, publishing in several languages, and operating socialist action centers in 11 cities worldwide.
So get those entries in and remember you have until Mar 28th to get it done! We are looking forward to seeing your creations this month!!!
Abby directed and played the part of the narrator. Here they are, taking a bow after it's all over.
14. Edinburgh was the first British city to have its own fire brigade. And a Boys Brigade. Glasgow was the first to have a Red Brigade.
(wish the OL was mine - it's on loan from my lovely Mum!)
I have a few negative flower diecut from previous projects. So I utilized the Basic Grey Paper (Piccadilly and Hello Luscious) and cut them into strips, arrange them to create the flowers.
George Washington to W. Snyder, October 24, 1798
In the summer of 1999, a U.S. Appellate Court accepted their argument, and this is proof that our social checks no longer work. It says that no group of individuals, at least under the auspices of any governmental organization, at any level other than national, can organize to follow an ethical imperative regarding the behavior of any other country. This is an issue of great importance: these corporations want to take away our right of freedom of association regarding a crucial area of our existence, how we express our ethics through what we buy. In one action, they are attempting to restrict greatly the limits of human freedom.
TREAT: (The cure). I went to the Fort Lauderdale Museum of Art recently and much of their vast collection of CoBrA art was on display. (If you don't know about the CoBrA artists, you can read about them here.) The work of the CoBrA artists is bright, childlike, and often inexplicable. My favorite in the collection is "Personality" by Karel Appel. You can see it here. (This photo does not do the painting justice).
The Remarkable Flip Video Minohd Camcorder
(Tick-Tock.)
Then Han heard Kim Jong Il was executing anyone who hadn’t voted for him in the election, Han hadn’t because she had been in China at the time. She got jobs in China, and earned money to get BoKum back, but it took her two months before she earned enough to hire a man to go get him. Sadly, he returned empty handed. The woman had abandoned the boy, and he was seen wandering aimlessly in a field singing “when is my mother coming”. A neighbor gave him a bowl of porridge out of pity, he died immediately afterward, common when people who are malnourished eat too fast. When she heard about BoKum, her heart was ripping out of her chest.
Perforated pages. In my opinion, perforated pages are a must for any wire-bound notebook to be used at work. After a brief experience with bound Moleskine-like notebooks, I've decided that notes simply have to be detachable to be practical in a law office. The perforations make that practical because they eliminate the raggedy edges one gets from removing pages from a wire-bound notebook.
PLEASE donate today to help CHLY cover this historic event. Again, I am seeking your help to raise funds for DIRECT TRAVEL and COMMUNICATION COSTS ONLY. Any excess funds will be donated to CHLY in full. I will cover my own personal expenses.
"Behind the Eight Ball" is a phrase my husband likes to use with regularity. Mostly this occurs first thing in the morning as he is rushing off to work. This morning, he had an "incident" where, just as his toast popped and he'd been ready to get his breakfast and head downstairs to watch some Sports news (EPL football, no doubt), his hand (holding a glass of chocolate soy milk) hit the stainless-steel handle of the saucepan that was in the dish-rack and the chocolate stuff flew out of the glass and ran over the edge of the counter, down the cupboard front and onto the floor!
She shrugged. “He left early this morning, but I don’t know where to. He didn’t leave a note.”
If you are fed up with blatant consumerism and the idea of fashion for the sake of nothing, then this California -based company’s lovable slip-on shoes are right up your alley. With a business model as earnest as the shoe’s simple but marvelous design, TOMS, with its one-for-one principle, is a refreshing take on an industry obsessed with want. In this exclusive Rogue interview, founder Blake Mycoskie explains the philosophy behind his brand and tells L.A. Consing Lopez what drove him to start this company with a conscience-as well as what it’ s like to walk in his canvas shoes.
Jacqui Anderson, a doctor in Crapstone who used to live in a village called Horrabridge, which has its own issues, said that she no longer thought about the “crap” in “Crapstone.”
The Darkest Hour is the kind of film I watch for amusement purposes only. Going into it I knew it wasn’t going to be the most though provoking, deepest or smartest film I’d ever seen, I’d read a couple of reviews, I had a general idea of the kind of movie I could expect. But still, Im a sucker for sci-fi and an even bigger sucker for post apocalyptic films, so I decided to give this one a watch. At the very least I expected a brisk, fast paced flick with cool effects and some action. If you ask me, The Darkest Hour is an empty film every step of the way, as most films alien invasion films are. The formula behind these movies is simple: monsters appear, humans run, humans find a way to kill the creatures, humans fight back, monsters die and for all intents and purposes, this is exactly the kind of film The Darkest Hour is. But a film can stick to this formula and still suck, the question remained, would The Darkest Hour at least entertain?
My name is Amanda. I'm 14, and I have an imaginary friend. Or at least that's what I thought Charlie was. In summer school, I met Emily, who swore two things: she's psychic and Charlie is a ghost.
U - Underwear: comfy
But it works great to draw the ink out the inkwell, in fact it works so good that in the first draw it was as close to 100% that I can not get any better using the traditional converter method.
Below are some pictures from the party. Thanks to all of you - family and friends - who came to celebrate on this special day with us. And last, but certainly not least, we love you, Brennan!!! Here's to your year number 2!
How was your weekend? We had a great one. We went to the town 30 km from the heart of Jakarta called Karawaci. I heard about this place from my friend, Julie, when I was telling her that my husband and I were thinking about going away for our girls’ birthdays instead of giving a birthday party. She suggested that this would be a good place for a short get-away. I am so glad she told me about this place. I had the most relaxing weekend and our girls had a blast.
Ian’s workshop was split into two parts; the first was to be about the material realm, the scientific and political research which is tangible and can be analyzed. Ian is a keen student and pundit of what he calls “deep geopolitics”. This means he has a similar relationship with Fleet Street as Richard Hoagland has with hairspray manufacturers; in fact Ian gets a copy of virtually every newspaper available delivered to his door regularly and spends hours sifting through every single one of them. This sounds like an unenviable job, but it does pay off because it’s remarkable what material sometimes escapes into the mainstream media through whoever or whatever is attempting to stop it, to whoever is willing to take the effort to pick it up. I get the impression this job has become easier for Ian because he told us that “They” are getting arrogant, and they’re being more honest and open about what they’re up to; they’re releasing more and more of their true actions and motives into the public domain. “They” refers to the people he calls “Those who consider themselves to be the rightful rulers of the planet”. I find this a bit of a mouthful, despite the fact that it was recently shortened from: “Those who consider themselves to be the rightful rulers of a global fiefdom”. And you can’t even form a nice, elegant acronym out of it: “TWCTTBTRROTP” or: “TWCTTBTRROAGF”? Nah! For this reason I will continue to use the word: “Illuminati”, even though Ian dislikes this term and never uses it himself. The reason he thinks that the media is being more outspoken and less deceptive is down to something he’s mentioned before: that they have to tell us what they’re up to on one level so that the onus (Apologies for using this Skepperism) is on us to work it out and react to it. If we don’t react then we give them a mandate to do more and to go further. Another reason is that they may believe, falsely perhaps, that they will be able to negate Karma by doing this. It also fits in well with the Social Darwinism that is a prominent feature in the philosophy of Satanism: That the blame for violence lies not with the perpetrator but the victim, if the victim is vulnerable and therefore makes it easy for the perpetrator to carry out their violence. According to the Illuminati, if we don’t retaliate when we are abused then we, like the rape-victim, are “asking for it”.
In his speech to the Assembly, Dr Williams also spoke of ‘spiralling’ differences between rich and poor but warned of the dangers of dependence on the state.
Even so, enough candidates stepped forward for the May 22 primary to create races in 30 House districts and eight Senate districts.
She will probably not smile and give you a small "Admit One" ticket. You will then walk up the long entranceway that leads inside the Beverly and immediately start to smell stale popcorn. But not to worry, because you see them popping it in the machine on the other side of the heavy wooden doors.
and I hope to see you all again soon.
I remember hearing, "They walked with the Word (Jesus) for 3 years, and then were filled with My Spirit. You have to marry the two together and stop treating them separately." Imagine my surprise this morning as I heard something very similar from Jim Hockaday. He talked about how there used to be a movement of intimacy with the Holy Spirit, and then it switched to an emphasis on the Word only. He went on to say how there needed to be a joining together of the two.
the Mexican Brad Pitt. Ooh lala. I see he brought a lot of fans with him. He and Cheryl are going to be a force to be reckoned with for a long time in this competition. His good looks, accent and latin american community of fans will propel him. He had a good first dance, all he really needs to do is wiggle his hips for an audience reaction… let’s see how well he does with tricky technique in coming weeks.
6) Modern communications has evolved from a simple press release to engaged campaigning across multiple channels and markets.
Steering the Minis isn’t anytime complex, but you’ve got to accumulate abutting clue of them if you appetite to abstain accident them, and get the big scores.
But it doesn’t matter I assure myself and say
What do you think? Would you like Yapta to be your personal travel assistant / robot butler?
This past week I have had a peculiar difficulty focusing on my dance. I just can't seem to get into a serious mindset and so every dance ends up becoming this silly, goofy mess. I don't know why I'm in this state, if I'm just so bored with my dance or with the dance in general, or if I'm just mentally fried from concentrating on my form so much that something has broken down and I go the opposite way of dancing as sloppy and immature as I can. I suppose this is useful in its way, though. I explained my situation to Homer and he remarked that it was good to see that someone was finding a place for humor in tango. I have always thought of tango as being far more encompassing than the Discepolian "sad thought" or the generic "vertical expression..." so it's good to practice what I preach. Certainly, some of my favorite dancers have been exhibitors of humor in tango, from Omar Vega to Cappussi/Flores to Los Hermanos Macana. One has to make the important disclaimer that underlying all of their antics is a strong foundation in solid technique and a proper reverence for the culture and traditions. I have seen dancers who utilize humor in their performances but partially to disguise their technical flaws. And of course, there are those whose humor is unintended. Or in a social setting, those who dance with great joy but look--and I surmise, feel--like shit.
We are now
This set contains:
But Petrovitch has a plan - he always has a plan - he's just not sure it's a good one.
US apart from the invasion spree does some how hold out as a country to be a part of , even thought the adults in the rest of the world might think otherwise (especially middle east) , it is the ability to be a “SOFT POWER” which stands out. People want to buy products which are available there , love their movie stars , even God worship them and their President Obama is more famous than our own president Mrs.Patil.
5. Encouraging competition
-More work related stories (teaching and migration research)
a) makes you want to dance–even if you’re sitting down
Still some travel arrangements to sort out, but it looks like I'll be going to milan for a blogger get-together over the weekend! excited to finally meet many of my cyber friend haha, I'll promise to keep you updated..who else is going...?
Nesties - Classic Ovals small
And rightly so. My colleagues took risks to overthrow me, and those risks paid off. I was conservative in trying to protect my lead, not because I was desperate to win, but because I was desperate to avoid losing first place in the league.
Foreign donors reviewed the books to ensure there was no religious content and that materials were well designed, but they made no suggestions related to the omission of recent history, Afghan officials said.
"What a great photo of our Woolworth's-bought artificial flowers! Oh, wait, there are people back there too."
This is an older poem, which I have already shared on Cowbird, the storytelling website with which I am currently obsessed (I try to limit my time on it, but always end up reading ‘just one more story’). I remembered it and wanted to add it here after reading the wonderful and funny poem ‘Nursery Crimes’ by DP Bowman.
**and KNOW that you are not alone in this**
I'll so offend, to make offence a skill;
I try hard not be be resentful. I don’t feel bitter. I pretty much laugh at the failures of my brain and body, but there is a fair amount of resentment of having to grow old. I try to keep it wistful, but sometimes it gets heavy.
The most famous of all statements and the way the ego keeps you off of this trust aspect is the “what if” statements. I had a client tell me that they did trust but what if this happens or what if that happens, then what? Then all of the trust is gone, right?
I just have to take a moment to show you the packaging they sent this in. It came beautifully wrapped in Turquoise tissue paper ... how did they know I LOVE Turquoise?! And there was a pretty label on the box... and a nice hand written note. You can tell these people really care about their products. I like that!
The ride was as simple as it gets. We went to one bar, where I dropped everyone. Four hours later I received the call to pick them up, and drove them home. It doesn't get any better, especially as they were minimally messy. Including the aforementioned rite of passage puke. (Which they left for me in the garbage bag neatly tied up and in an empty beer box.)
That day, she walked home particularly wearily and slowly. She would normally be accompanied by Sophie or Jessica but that day she just wanted to be on her own. She dragged her feet and kicked at stones, head hanging low. Nothing seemed to change her mood.
This is the tenth installment of the infamous diary within a used book that I found hidden among the stacks of an old defunct library. The building routinely holds events where donated books are sold off, by the grocery bag full, for just a few dollars. I’d estimate that I paid roughly seven or eight cents for this particular item. It contains the strange diary of a cat obsessed woman living in 1988. At the time of this posting, I am currently using the information inside to look for her. If people continue to become interested in her story, and I eventually locate her, I might try to contact her for an interview or to get a photo together. Until then, however, I would like to protect that author’s anonymity.
We had the most wonderful time at the Getty Museum in LA. It is so massive and we did not get to see nearly as much as we wanted but what we saw was stunning!
Now the time had come to pack up the condo, rid myself of extra food, wash the towels and linens for the last time, pack my belongs and gifts to come home. I had my share of going away parties and dinners but it was when I said my last good-bye to my driver, Mr. Johnson, I knew that I really would be leaving Montego Bay for good…at least until next January.
moving in synchronized, frantic fluidity.
The First-Rate Customer Service Training Kit is an essential resource for developing the front-line employees in your organization into confident and effective representatives of your brand.Customer service reps will discover how to:
A Daily Texan cartoon about the Trayvon Martin incident has provoked protests at the University of Texas at Austin. The word “colored” was used within the cartoon and protestors said it reflected racism and ignorance. The cartoonist is no longer with the paper and the editorial board has issued an official apology, as well as meeting with members of yesterday’s protest outside The Daily Texan’s office. Read more about it and a variety of reactions here.
The giveaway will be hosted by The HOME She Made blog page.
On the burial mound
If not so, then that is their concern. Everyone will one day be held accountable anyway.
ii. it is oppressive;
The screenings, of course, will be the brilliant Paramount restoration I wrote about last time; kudos to Paramount for doing it right and standing behind their product to the extent of furnishing these big-screen showings. If all extant silent pictures got the same loving care, we'd have an embarrassment of riches on our hands.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to connect this fear to judgement so that in fearing myself as judgement I am reacting to myself as fear of fear.
Just last week, our offices moved in to a new building. Even though the work that I did was mostly behind the scenes, it feels good to look back and see the work of something that I helped to build.
So one day I make a trip to Independence Center. We're not talking Bannister Mall here, so I'm not as security conscious as I should have been. I leave my dad's lighter, a pack of Marlboro lights with maybe 3 cigarettes in the box sitting in the cup holder of my jeep. I didn't lock the jeep.
Covering me
And shows his creativity
Your Simulacrum
Today I tried to read an article on spirit possession among Malaysian girl factory workers, fascinating, that I'm teaching tonight. And tried to read Michael Taussig. I was actually an anthropology major in college, almost actually. For a second today I fascinated about reading book after book figuring out Marxism, knowing more about the Frankfurt School than the Benjamin I've read + Wikipedia, and locking myself away in some graduate program until I could recite, faithfully, I don't know, Lacan's main points and something about Adorno or Althusser. But I skim. Genet is now chewing my library copy of Judith Butler's Excitable Speech, I got it because I thought it would be angry and exciting, but mostly it seems to be a deep reading of Austin's book on the performative utterance, How To Do Things With Words, which I've never really, totally, understood, but everyone seems to write about. This past paragraph encapsulates my entire one year in graduate school. Of course I'm nothing like a scholar. People keep on saying oh "Semiotext(e)" like that means I somehow have graduated to being a scholar, but my idea of being a scholar is sitting on a book, or sleeping on it, or meditating on my dog chewing it. This is absolutely why L. Berlant won't accept my friendship request on FB.
Next up will be my lunch and a fruity snack in between.
What if you believed me?
Jehoiakim (the third to last king of Judah before the Babylonian captivity) started reigning in Judah about 608BC. It was in the third year of the reign of Jehoiakim (605 B.C.) that Daniel and his buddies were taken into Babylon by Nebuchadnezzar. (See Daniel 1) This would have been Nebuchadnezzar’s first year as king.
"What do you mean - you were trying to run on water? What water? Where?"
Furthermore, Mrs. Obama is hardly reticent when it comes to taking vacations. Her February 2012 trip to upscale Aspen, Colorado, for a President’s Day ski weekend with daughters Sasha and Malia, marked the 16th vacation (the updated number is now 17) taken by Obama family members in just over three years, not including visits to the Camp David compound, or short trips like a New York City “date night” taken in May 2009. Nor is the First Lady or the president seemingly concerned saddling taxpayers with the cost of flying separately to the same vacation sites. It cost taxpayers $100,000 when the First Lady jetted to a 2010 Hawaii vacation ahead of her husband, and several thousands more when the First Lady traveled to a Martha’s Vineyard vacation on a separate government jet only four hours prior to the president’s trip there. While at Martha’s Vineyard, the First Family stayed at Blue Heron Farm, a property that reportedly rents for approximately $50,000 per week. And on a trip to Maine in July of 2010, the President’s dog, Bo, and his handler traveled on a separate plane to that destination.
He can get his socks and shoes if I tell him we are going outside. He can bring a book or toy you ask him to get. He can put his dishes or bottles in the sink when told.
Warren, who no longer publicly refers to herself as Native American, has disputed that she claimed American Indian minority status then to give herself a professional advantage.
Here's a quick peek into what's she's been up to:
Mike Lanza, father of there young boys, realized something was very different about children's lives today compared with the way he grew up. He recalled unstructured play time--making up games and rules, building tree houses and forts, playing pick-up ball. Naturally, Lanza realized that things have changed. Today's parents are concerned about dangers of abduction; children are shuttled to organized activities, such as sports, dance, karate; homework is onerous. And of course, the screens of television, computers, and game players are enticing and addictive.
I bought a box of these when it first came out. I got around 120 of the 200 card set in my box. And have been trying to complete it ever since. Through trades and stuff I was down to around 60 cards needed for completion.
SPOOKS: Gaseous wraiths the Gelth continue their quest through time to find new bodies. This series the Spooks team try grave robbing in the French Revolution, the Sheridan-Custer Indian Campaign of 1867-69, the Roman invasion of Britain, and the notorious opening day of the 1972 Harrod's Sale.
My first reaction was indignation—how dare she disparage a place and period so near and dear to my heart?! And it was a Regency novel she was reviewng, what did she expect? But the question rolled around in my head for a while, and I began to wonder the same thing, minus the resentment. Why is England so popular a setting for historical fiction authors?
Not a word was heard at the tomb that day.
Always trusting in God and showing us girls that prayer works wonders. In 2001 my father was in need of a kidney transplant. Guess who the donor was? Mom...healthy enough 15 years later to donate her kidney to my Dad. Not even a second thought - they've loved each other for so long, and she is such a giving person. Dad found this hard to accept but eventually did not have a choice. Both survived their operations and both were healthy. Praying all the way through it!
And then we had tea and boiled eggs for breakfast.
Oh, Long-horned God
I'm dry-hopping my Barleywine with Fuggles and EKG. I had also pitched some additional champagne yeast, but I don't know how much more attenuation I'll get out of it; apparent attenuation is at 82%. Two days ago, the specific gravity was at 1.020; down from a whopping 1.120! That's an ABV of 13.4%.
Here’s one that rubbed up the cable company the wrong way and led to them with drawing support:’
I was nominated by the presumably lovely and unquestionably talented Emma of In Other Words . Thanks Emma – I’m not worthy of your praise. While I appreciate the award, it’s made writing even more challenging than it already was. It’s always been a bit daunting to hit the “Publish” button on a piece. With my award, I now have to ask myself,
Cause and Effect.
We took a brake and he went to pull out snacks and water.
Congratulations Wasabi Girl! Maybe next time we're at that gift shop I'll let you get ONE of the goofy pink stuffed animals.
I have learned through hard experience that moderation does not work for me but abstinence does.
"Don't stomp your feet!!!!'
We headed out to The Southern Saturday afternoon to watch the Kentucky Derby and grab some drinks. It was a good time. I didn't take any pictures, but the ladies were all dolled up with dresses, hats, and heels and the guys were in bow ties, vests, and seersucker. We used a gift certificate from Christmas for dinner at Ben Pao downtown (thanks mom and dad). Once again we had a doggy bag to take home! We both got (what we thought were) awesome fortunes!! Jon's is the one on top and mine is the bottom one. Heck yeah I want to go on vacation!!
There is no stigma around having diabetes or cancer or the flu, so why should there be around depression, anxiety, schizophrenia or any other mental health issue? Let's talk about it, let's talk the stigma away.
1 1/2 cup of almond flour
As keen and congenital as the beating of my heart
Creator who is not bankrupt, are taking back our responsibilities and
Accessories - Markers, Blender Pen, White Satin Ribbon, Bow Easy, Arch Lattice Border Punch, Vintage Die Set, Scallop and Classic Large Oval Nestabilties, Damask Frame set (provocraft), Paper Piercer, Mat Pack, Foam Tape.
The archeologists had decided in advance that all of the dirt to come out of this dig would be thoroughly sifted – through use of “wet sifting” and meticulous sorting of the remaining materials in the sieve. The sifting is carried out with the help of thousands of school children from all over Israel, at the Emek Tzurim National Park. About 4,500 pupils participated in the work in the last few months, as well as other volunteers.
February 27 - Duke Snider, major leaguer (Brooklyn Dodgers), 84
(from I Am Baker)
He turned toward her and said, “I told you this morning that I had something I wanted to talk about too.”
Here is a birthday card to share with you. Love the little bit of embossing, it looks like lizard skin. This cute sentiment came with the lizard stamp. 'Age is only a number...' and on the inside 'mine in UNLISTED'.
I am using some Lambs Pride Worsted, but you can use any WW yarn. J hook
8-10-12 Form: 0252/311000-1122 Owner: Liam Breslin
Why? Well, the fish thing is obvious. The letters – shape and sound – in Kikxis are spiky and sharp; the letters and sounds in Baroom are round and soft. The music-colour thing seems obvious to me, too, but may seem less so to others. But when you think properly about the ways in which we naturally describe sounds, it’s not so surprising: a voice, for example, could easily be sharp, thin, thick, rounded, soft, hard, light, heavy, dark, warm, cold, rich, bitter. And many words can be attributed to different sensations. “Sharp” can be taste, shape, or touch, for example. Extend this to describing a voice (as I do in Mondays are Red) as buttery, melting, or tasting of apple-purée and it’s not much of a stretching of the imagination.
The upper one is done in Ocean Sunset and the lower right in Denim Whisper.
Find a way out of his darkness
Mrs. Winger's voice is snippy, cutting me into tiny pieces she can easily brush into the trash. --Pg. 3 of "Slide" by Jill Hathaway
Lee first sang professionally over KOVC radio in Valley City, North Dakota. She later had her own series on a radio show sponsored by a local restaurant that paid her a "salary" in food. Both during and after her high school years, Lee sang for paltry sums on local radio stations. Radio personality Ken Kennedy, of WDAY in Fargo, North Dakota (the most widely heard station in North Dakota), changed her name from Norma to Peggy Lee. Thereafter, Lee left home and traveled to Los Angeles at the age of 17.
There’s enough material on the fascistic-seeming “full employment” framing for several articles, so I’ll leave further comment for future pieces. For now, consider the ways in which Michael Albert’s suggestions might conceptually “reinforce” the rightwing Economic Liberty Myth (a term coined by Lakoff). For example, Albert says Occupy should demand that people who have been fired are “rehired”. Central to the Economic Liberty Myth is the notion that employers “give jobs” to employees. This is what makes employers the heroes in the narrative – employers as the source not just of income, but of “meaningful activity” (“work”) and social relationships. The only other alternative (according to the myth) is: people sitting at home doing nothing, wasting their lives, isolated, socially useless parasites. In this quaint fairy tale, the employers – the bosses, the owners – save us all from that horrible fate. We demand it.
Because I don’t trust him. We have too many of these phone conversations:
Luckily, I was busy with work and school, so I didn't have a lot of time to sit and be sad about him being gone. And we had a dog. That dog loved Scott, but beside knowing where his food came from, he had little respect for me. Needless to say, that dog was like having an ill behaved child. He was spoiled. BUT, he was very smart. I would tell him, "Rex! I'm going to get Daddy because he's coming home!" His ears would perk up and he would wag his short, little tail. One many occasions, I would return home alone from the ship. I would then take Rex out for a walk and he would pull me over to the car and look in the window as if he was looking for his true Master. little ungrateful jerk. (I jest...maybe)
Stephanopoulos: Romney’s big moment
We started with the first board and squared it with the wall, leaving a 1/16 inch gap between the first board and the wall. We dry fitted it before applying a bead of Liquid Nail along the length of the board. We put the board in place and Dustin hammered in the nails on the marks. Later, he went though with a nail punch to make sure that the nails were at least flush with the flooring.
Putting it my way,
Actually, there is more than a grain of truth in that particular criticism. For this is certainly not a racial issue. Indeed, one of the many red herrings in this debate is that — if cultural characteristics are discussed at all — the gangs tend to be described as ‘Asian’.
Thursday 5/31
I figure that there is enough collective expertise from all you gorgeous girls out there in the blogosphere, and am hoping to gather enough tips to finally get it right, and to post the results here. Thanks in advance for all of your help :)
As with all ABC magazine promotion programs, the qualifying price for a subscription purchased with award points is one cent, net of all considerations. The price paid for the subscription is determined by multiplying the per-point value by the number of points required to purchase the magazine subscription.
Hugs to you!
Automatic Bid: Northeast Conference Champions
Rue-baby, our other cat, showed up a few weeks after that...again, with little to no warning. Another spanking. OUCH.
This raises the much larger question of a Catholic consumer's responsibility in the face of corporate behavior that runs directly counter to Catholic moral teaching. In general, I would say that we can't really be responsible for everything that transpires in every company with which we do business. Still, if Catholics en masse got serious about not supporting that which runs counter to our faith, it could make a significant difference in what companies do and don't support.
Although, they only lived a block apart…. the cars travel around town for 30 minutes, I guess to kill time and to get on my nerves. When we finally arrive at the new apartment, there is another red carpet that we need to follow. This time we have an elevator..(thank god) once in the new apartment, there is another tea ceremony for his parents. Tea is drank and money is exchanged. Then it is time for lunch.
15. Que bandeira (alternate version instrumental)
Golden roast chicken with rosemary, thyme, and garlic.
To make the challenge even more fun, we will be giving out a prize, a $15 gift certificate to be used toward stamps at the Our Daily Bread Designs store!! Entries for the prize must be submitted by Friday, May 4th at 8 a.m. EST. One random winner will be chosen and announced Saturday, May 5th. If you are not using ODBD stamps, please do not enter more than once. Additional entries without using ODBD stamps will not be commented on nor will they qualify for prizes.
'Even though it hurts me, it makes me feel good,' she says, of either licking the cap or drinking it straight out of the canister which she says is her favorite way.
Let me leave you with a few quotes on Integrity to think about:
Honestly, you guys. I really thought the results of the last poll would be a little closer! So here we are:
Marlyn C. Bautista, 46, Iselin, N.J.
The color scheme is the only thing that scares me, not being color blind I don’t know how this will affect colorblind gamers, but there’s quite a few spots where I felt that the colors of the background and items tended to have similar color tones, and that may cause some issues, but the characters and backgrounds I feel are vivid enough to counteract that. If any color-blind gamer gives this game a shot, let me know your personal opinion. I would love to hear it from a person who’s had first hand experience. Overall though, the game is charming and can be played by practically anyone – I totally endorse it as a must see game.
As a Photographer, Genevieve Naylor came to a kind of prominence during the Second World War with one of those State Department gigs; chronicling life, as it was then lived, by the people of Brazil. Unlike Orson Welles, whose career struck a reef in that part of the world (and largely for the same sponsors), Naylor's work not only landed in New York's Museum of Modern Art (more Beaujolais, please), but it got her some sweet, post-war assignments for just about every slick magazine in that very slick epoch.
What do you think? Does this inspire you to make your own? If not the box making part, I'm sure you can find some lonely piece of wood to try the wax paper trick.
Crab walks 20 reps
She doesn’t look like Meg or me.
Once it's cooled, wipe off the flux and polish the solder with a soft cloth. Then, to add a little decoration to it (and to cover the funny bottom corner), I adhered two flower cabachons with some Glossy Accents.
Jasper was a really good boy throughout except when he pulled back and broke a metal tie ring off Serena's trailer. And ran back to his paddock.
Pieces that can go with anything: maxi dresses and skirts in solid colors, button-down blouses, cashmere cardigan(s).
shirt — Chico's Design
“No, I don’t mind.Get some sleep.”, he replied. He was lying, but there would be other nights.
Produced by Milton Miranda
The invitation is designed to look like a passport with soft pink and white stripes along with an Eiffel Tower. I placed it in a fun black picture frame that I found at Hobby Lobby.
VET – The announcement of the Skills for Australians package which offers an additional $1.7 billion investment in VET is a great opportunity for regional TAFEs. VET has more students attending from lower SES backgrounds in the regions than universities. Plus, their role in skilling regional industry sectors particularly in mining and resources, infrastructure, tourism and the gas and oil sectors are critical. While the larger TAFEs are mostly able to manage on current funding levels, regional TAFEs are very cash strapped.
Ps. 90:11. Matt. 27:45,46. Isa. 53:6. Rom. 8:1. Rom. 5:1. Gal. 3:13. 1 John 4:9,10. Rom. 3:26.
We all tried so hard to lift each other’s spirits that year, despite the fact that our family, home, and relationships felt like they were constantly shifting. We knew Mama was dying, but not yet. Everything was strange and new. I recall how we stumbled and found our way again, over and over; how we juggled joy and danced sorrow and laughed and wept…how precious people are when the world feels like it’s ending and they say yes to love, anyway. Constant reawakening to need, and loss, and ways to demonstrate and experience love.
Having just come from tasting wine at Domaine de Valdition, I was happy to find a bottle of their 2011 Vallon Des Anges Rosé, from AOC Coteaux d'Aix en Provence on the wine list. The wine is quite pale in color, but a really tasty blend of Grenache and Cinsault grapes.
What a difference a year makes, huh?
Two younger students asked if I was their teacher!
And isn’t it possible that what we don’t like in others is actually what we don’t like in ourselves?
One morning on tour, I was watching a memorial ceremony on NBC Today Show about the Oklahoma Federal Building Bombing that took place 5 years earlier on April 19, 1995. It was two minutes after nine when a 5,000-pound bomb, hidden inside a Ryder truck, exploded just outside the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. The explosion caused massive damage to the building and killed 168 people, 19 of whom were children. Those responsible for what became known as the Oklahoma City Bombing were homegrown terrorists, Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols.
The setting is a world in which every citizen is provided welfare vouchers for all the work they do, although they are watched over closely by the Welfare Agency to make certain they are working to their capacity, as well as not doing any unacceptable behavior. The world has a caste system in which lords and ladies are given 1.18% of all the vouchers earned by the workers for their own use, which provides their wealthy lifestyles. However, the lords and ladies have no authority, serving as ceremonial nobles as a reward for their service centuries ago when they rescued the world from devastating wars.
- I used my batter to make a 6-cup round fluted cake (served to my book group), two 2-cup mini bundt loaves (gave to two friends) and 6 airplane-shaped small cakes (for my husband who loves planes.)
This is my new blog that I would like to share all my insights and knowledge learned during the Spring Institute in the Communication and Technology program at the University of Alberta.
her ardor trampled on
After Goo is finished eating and drinking and belching, he is dragged to the gallows. Screaming and resisting with all his gooey might, he vows revenge on his killers. “I will come back I swear I will rise from the dead and kill you hypocrites!
When we exited the cathedral the sky was blue and the rain had stopped. The drive to our next destination, Stonehenge, was beautiful to say the least. When we were within eyesight of Stonehenge we were surprised at its remoteness. To be honest, it is a relief this historical site has been protected from commercialism, but the entrance price sure was high. Also, when Ryan was researching for this trip he stumble upon another monolithic site called Woodhenge, which is located a couple miles from its bigger brother. It was not nearly as spectacular to experience, but interesting none the less. Anyway, from the henges we drove to Bath just in time to eat before our free city tour. It was a night walking tour of downtown Bath and environs that was so amazing. After our tour we were excited to get some rest.
Laura Archera Huxley
Congratulations to......
As we mentioned before, we published our own review of Deadlocked! While technically it was posted just today (Tuesday), it wouldn’t be shared with you in The Gracious Plenty until next week. YIKES. We figured we’d share the link so you can read it now! Read it here! Feel free to share your thoughts about Deadlocked too!
So, I got a new job. I gotta say, it seemed like the same old same old until today when I discovered that I now have an awesome job.
1 x Luxury Nighties (Beige Mix) BB 1728 = RM29.90
7. Because a shirt on me is just a shirt. A shirt on The Bachelorette is always a dress.
07 - Hurt Before.
Lesson 4: The sellers on Etsy seem to be ex-professional photographers. Many photographs of featured items could be published. Some product engaging descriptions too.
to terminate engine power. The riders must be able to use the
To let you know that I'm going to do a separate page for the photo food diary - I think it takes up too much room on the main blog page. So if you want to see what I've been eating check under 'Photo Food Diary' on the right hand side of the blog!
Welcome to the November Challenge! To start with I would like to announce the October challenge winner - #25 In Rose's Book with this wonderful creation! Please email me so we can get your prize to you!
Yeah. I'm going to a conference, AND that means I'll be away from the girls for THREE nights! I've been away from Sweet Pea for one night at a time before - well, rather, she's been away from us, having occasional sleepovers with her Grandma and Boopa - but I've never been parted from The Bug for longer than five hours, and never overnight.
Other proposed names are:
If anything, I’d say passive and introverted. I’m so shy that people call me an alien. I’m completely different on stage and on screen in comparison to my normal self.
BBC Arabic TV:
I have to admit to loving the hash-tag-of-descriptiveness #greatestthingsinceslicedbread.
(Insert even more stories about local ticket purchasers)
What I love:
Rating: 4 stars / 5 stars
Yeah, on my last post I told Gary's bank account to watch out for the stamp show purchases. Turns out I meant that. Big time. When I told Gary about my purchases, he just sighed. Poor baby.
No matter. Its sole purpose is to keep the war-on-women theme going, while the equally just-for-show “Buffett rule,” nicely pitting the 99 percent vs. the 1 percent, is a clever bit of class warfare designed to let Democrats play tribune of the middle class.
So what if the odds of having a fling with a supermodel while winning an Oscar and the Masters is far more likely than winning the colossal Mega Millions lottery jackpot that, by Thursday afternoon, had risen to an astounding $540 million?
At the top is cute little Summer from TGF Roll Call collection. I am making personalized place cards for Thanksgiving dinner. Each one will be made in the likeness of my family member along with a "thankful" sentiment on the inside.
"Hours," she said, "Hours of stuff I could do in my sleep, and then .." she took a slurp of coffee and sighed deeply, "... and then we had to have it all over again translated into Spanish."
As we stated at the beginning of this article, not only do you need to know when it is the best time to sell, but you should also know why you want to sell your home. The tips that you read here gave you some great advice on pricing, profits and other factors that make up the selling process. Take these insights to heart in order to have a stress-free, simple experience in selling real estate.
Over time some of my friends I met at conferences started to get their books published, and I felt the same as I had in fourth-grade kickball . . . I’ll always be the last one picked. For a long season, my prayer times were more like whining sessions. Other times I’d just pout. Didn’t God realize that if I was published I could point many people to Him through my words?
“The Quds Day is a universal day. It is not an exclusive day for Quds itself. It is a day for the oppressed to rise and stand up against the arrogant,” late Iranian leader said.
So far, all we have are raspberries and grapes. This weekend we are going to plant some Cherry trees and get started on the herb garden and compost pile. We have about a half acre of sod-filled land, but it's a blank slate! In a couple more weeks we will tackle landscaping the front walkway area, add some flowers and bushes and then start the main garden.
Fletcher: Oh so do I sir, so do I, but we are just the go-betweens, ain’t we eh? We are merely here to maintain the status quo. And if we don’t come to some little arrangement they go in the auction Sunday.
03 - Run, Run
I also went to a retreat this month with my small group, except for Dawn who was at guard. We had a great time sewing and socializing. It is always so great to hang out with a bunch of people who have the same love for quilts as you!
Isn't she pretty?
Hair - Mark Woolley @ Electric
The light from the wall was abnormally strong. There must have been a secret room behind the wall with a strong light turned on because this was not sunlight coming in. This light was stronger. But how could there be a room if this was the wall adjacent the alleyway. Something was definitely not normal here. Still she could not stop herself from approaching the wall.
- Professor Maurice King
I'm thinking I need to come up with some really snarky bumper sticker. I'll market it, make a million, find my idea was stolen, fight a Chinese corporation in court, lose my suit, pay punitive damages and die a miserable pauper.
When I met with my oral surgeon, he suggested that I might have a mild form of an ectodermal disorder. Basically, these disorders develop before birth and result in the abnormal development of the skin, hair, nails, teeth, and sweat glands. In my case, only my teeth were affected, which makes me incredibly lucky (I guess). The dentist assured me that he has seen much worse. He even mentioned having to fit 9 year-olds for dentures. He also told me that many of these people have little or no hair, and they can't sweat. So no matter how sorry I feel for myself, I keep reminding myself that it could have been much worse.
rheumyand irredescent,
Eggs have been stolen from the castle again, among them a clutch that was left in the henhouse to be hatched by the mother in order to increase the chicken population. Anyone seen acting suspiciously in the castle courtyard should be reported to the guards. Thank you.
“People tend to underplay their racist feelings because it’s socially unacceptable,” said Rusche. “On a national level, these racist preconceived notions and poor treatment may actually be more prevalent.”
very quickly!!
It’s been nearly 40 years, and we are still as a nation, as institutions, as families, as individuals, dealing with that damn decade. An American Requiem is one man’s personal therapy. And thankfully, it’s been shared with the rest of us.
The final verse (31) is a beautiful one:
I’m going to be honest and tell you that decorating for Christmas is a chore. Every single year this is how it plays out in my mind prior to the decorations going up…
All three ‘companies’ are essentially involved in the same type of work (research, journalism, publication, consultation) and
Scanning the back bar, i notice bottles of both Chase and Ciroc vodka, Makers Mark, the Havana rum range and Tanqueray 10 . Looking at their menu, I notice you can buy these spirits by the bottle, and receive 2 pitchers of complimentary mixers! On offer there’s also the usual suspects of classic cocktails as well as some specials to tempt your tastes.
There are very few international statesmen or women as famous as Mandela. Since his time in prison and his subsequent presidency of South Africa, he has superceded Mahatma Gandhi, Mother Theresa and pope John Paul II as the moral conscience of the world. All Mandela has to do is to speak out against something he perceives as evil or wrong, and it immediately becomes holy writ for journalists, politicians and tens of millions of idolising disciples who see him as a rock of integrity standing firm against a tidal wave of straw men.
Our goal should be to become more and more like Jesus as we pursue him, obeying his commands and following his example. 2 Corinthians 3:18 says, “And we, who with unveiled faces all reflect the Lord’s glory, are being transformed into his likeness with ever-increasing glory, which comes from the Lord, who is the Spirit.”
For the record, the game was a 0-0 non-event. But I couldn't care less.....I had a great wee story to place on the blog.
Who has parents that are rich enough to borrow money from?
Here is a close-up of one hole. There are larger holes too, which are fox dens. My mom was lucky enough to see a family of baby foxes peeking out of one such den with all their little heads and faces and ears in a row. Our farm is flourishing with wildlife now. The new fencing and pastures are going to cramp the style of some of our furry guests, but I am hopeful we can all share this space without too many problems. I know my horses love watching the busy activity of blue birds, deer, foxes and groundhogs in the fields and woods.
Cars were always driving through my dreams. These cars could turn into ships, and planes.
Yesterday I was flipping through the channels and too my surprise saw the The Power Rangers were on. Briefly filled with the warm feeling of nostalgia I decided to turn it on. To my surprise it wasn’t anything like I remembered it to be. All the old colors were still there: red, pink, blue, green, and yellow, all of them still said really corny one liners and engaged in extremely staged fighting sequences, but they just weren’t the same. These were Power Rangers Samurai? My disappointment quickly turned into curiosity because I found myself asking, how in the world is this still on? I felt the same way as I did during my last visit to Target when I saw the cover of Now That’s What I Call Music 47 or something ridiculous like that.
Their night date involves no eating, but War Horse said she was falling in love with Ben and he gave her the pimp card and she was like “I’m excited” and he’s all “that’s the key to my heart” and I was all “this reminds me of when you see your guy friends spit game at girls and you want to make fun of them until you realize it is working and then you respect them in a survival of the fittest sort of way”.
If what her mother wrote is true, the Cahill girls aren’t safe. Not from the Brotherhood, the Sisterhood – not even from each other.
Right before his blog went into full sabotage mode, he held one of his many group breaks. I remain in a super selective state for group breaks because they've been mean to me the last few times. But I decided to try this out.
For I’﻿d have fur boots and a brown fur wrap,
Anyhow, because I've got blog ADD and have been REMEMBERING to take a photo a day (usually), I'm over posting it everyday for the time being, lol. Once it gets to a certain point I'll probably start photo-bombing in order to catch up, but that's not for a while at least. In the meantime, I've decided to share another facet of weird with you in a new segment Octavia The Spy, where I share seemingly pointless observations and data harvesting about the people I encounter/see/stalk.
However, unless I work like a mofo, I will never get the fat paychecks that I adore. Paychecks that can buy me some fabulous summer clothes. For when summer actually gets here. In three or four months.
We live in a remote place. In the forests. In the mountains. In one of the least ‘discovered’ parts of Europe. It’s normally a long journey to get to us. But people make the trip because they know how they’ll feel after a week of yoga in a place like this, so far from the maddening crowds.
A hospital is to pay compensation to hundreds of women who were given the wrong treatment for incontinence.
My moment right now is being spent on appreciating each and every one who read, like and comment on this blog, because in visiting/following my blog, you are sending me courage, strength, support, humour, love. And I am enjoying my moment reflecting on this.
President Obama has not died for us, nor will he probably ever sacrifice himself for anyone, but there is One who has.
C.B.P.M.
More than a month of daily life or death decisions.
His were the words of a man who loves his country and they were also a warning of the dire consequences of this flawed social experiment. They were not the words of the knuckle dragging” Nazi he was compared to. However, in the Bizarro World which is the anti nationalist mindset, truth becomes lies and lies become truth, in the same way as love of country is, in their minds, hate, and homogenisation, to them, means diversity.
I will be back soon!
Dill, Olive Oil & Vinegar
Femininity should be cherished. We need to protect our children from exposure to popular 'culture'. In the 1970s and 1980s there was a woman named Mary Whitehouse, who campaigned against degeneracy. She was vilified by the media, but if anything her campaigns were soft on our enemies. In her days there were only three (later four) television channels in the UK (none operating 24 hours per day), there was no Internet, and films could only be seen on television or at a cinema. The debilitating influence of the media is now much worse than in Whitehouse's day, thus avoiding exposure is much harder. In Whitehouse's time, political correctness was confined to rabid Marxists and not the norm as it is now. Our struggle is hard but that is no excuse for surrendering without a fight. There is an 'off' button on the television - use it!
I got my first Sophie Kinsella's after i watch Confession of A Shopaholic movie years ago (when was it??). I bought the rest within the last 2 weeks, and i 'khatam' all of it already.
That’s all I have for now! Thanks for reading, tune in tomorrow, and don’t forget to follow me on Twitter @Jamblinman!
Is it only insecurity, a feeling of
Pre-heat the oven to 200 deg C and allow 30 minutes for them to cook. While they are in the oven, prepare the sauce by putting the flour and butter in a saucepan over a low heat to make a roux. Then add the beef stock, bring it to the boil, and then reduce it down at a low simmer until it is nicely glossy and just a little thickened. Season the sauce with salt and pepper to taste.
Happy Quilting
PLEASE READ, AND EDUCATE YOURSELVES.
P.S. a little more self-centeredness action: I made a button for my blog if you'd like to grab it. I'm too lazy today to post it here, but it should be somewhere over there... yeah over there to the right. And of course it's a picture of what else? ME!
- 1 tsp khus khus (poppy seeds)
Accept the law that applies in your case as it is, and not as you wish it to be.
The first time I heard your very warm voice I was lost. To me it's the most beautiful voice in the whole world. Voice and personality fit together in just a perfect way.
"The wheels must be for show. They can't move, I tried they just can't move."
1, Spray a by baking tin with cake release spray and set to one side
Tomorrow, with the girls off to a birthday party, it’s time to get some Ramco cabbage plants in at home and get the dreaded mower and strimmer out for a long overdue garden tidy up. Maybe it’ll rain so I’ve got an excuse to put that job off for another day!
If you want to romance your Home and Garden with antique and vintage treasures to make you smile each time you come home, visit our shop FrenchGardenHouse.
This anger is largely misdirected. Although the Family Planning officials are certainly guilty of a myriad of sins, the majority of the guilt for these events should be directed at the orphanages themselves.
The least of which is ‘why?’
Why does this add up to a conviction on my part that Huntsman has one foot out the door of the Republican Party, and is likely placing a bet on his belief that a third party will be increasingly attractive to the electorate, perhaps not this year, but by 2016?
Here is the list of activities:
With all of this being available in one cup you would think that it would have to be much bigger than your standard shaker cup, but in actual fact it is not. Core 150 has a flat spine at the rear of the cup which completely reduces the width allowing for an extremely comfortable grip without reducing the cups volume holding capability. This is one area of the design that is impressive and further demonstrates a high level of attention to detail with user in mind at all times.
Those freak out moments are amazing when you see a big movie opening night. This movie just didn’t deserve that. It was a cool adaptation on an epic book. Not an epic adaptation. The most epic thing was Wes Bentley’s beard. Can’t wait to do that for Halloween.
The Alaskan Yup'ik tribes are said to have made the most decorative and brightly colored varieties. They were made from a number of materials,
You may wonder how something like the last one could be different, but better. But this woman was amazing. She knew she wasn't going to make it. I never ONCE heard her complain. She cried a lot because she did worry about her husband and boys. But she was at complete peace with whatever God's will was. She would post FB statuses like "Lord, please take away this pain but I am so very blessed regardless". And she meant it! Her name was Angel and I truly wonder if she wasn't really one of those "Angel's in disguise" you can read about in the bible. Anyway, when her husband called me he went on and on about how much Angel thought of me and how much I meant to her. That meant the world to me because my heart is to touch the lives of many, many women. The fact that God allowed me, Kelley McElreath, to take part of some joy in the life of this precious lady amazes me and humbles me.
all threads are size 20,
With hindsight, Stéphane had a better strategy than I did on Tuesday evening because he opted for the Menu Vatel for 35 euros, while I went with the more expensive Menu Grand Vatel at 47 Euros. As dessert is clearly the main event, I'll know better next time.
“When problems arise in my art, I know I need to work on my life.” – I said that.
Total $10.00
Another part оf thе ultra setting wоuld bе the Direct-X compatible sound card that hаs motherboard capabilities іn delivering а high quality sound. These cards аre normallу internal оr external аnd cаn bе attached to a surround sound system for a ultra gaming experience.An active Broadband Internet connection is nеcеssаrу for normal and ultra settings.
Two cards purchased off of sportslots is what it took to finally complete this set. I had been sitting on it since 1989.
Instead of the guests being seated for the Grand Entrance, they were invited to stand on the dance floor, leaving a path in the middle.
A chilling photograph circulating in China shows the body of a 9-months-gestation baby submerged in a bucket of water, apparently a victim of the country’s one-child policy.
Wise adults choose which things still do,
We’re in this together, we’re none of us plebs.
To make the curry:
This morning, I casually put on the business motivation CD as the gas bloke keeps trying to call, and idly googled the company, BWW. After a couple of brief detours—Google at first helpfully translated BWW into ‘BBW’, the slightly alarming obsession with big beautiful women—I found it.
His he-feechie is named Grady and they travel around Corenwald taking in the kind people of the villages. Grady knows that Floyd is a fraud and liar and yet he still has questions about where he came from and how he happened to start traveling with Floyd.
I would have given my life for Makenzie. and I will give my life to this bean.
Eeeee, my cousin Beta had her baby today - just as she planned! How lucky, or determined, or maybe a little bit of both. I remember reading something recently about how women in the U.S. had fewer than average babies on Halloween, and more than average on Valentine's day. So theoretically, women can sometimes have an influence on when they go into labour. Cool, yes?
This beer comes from the Bell's Brewing Company out of Kalamazoo, Michigan. I was able to try this beer the last time we were home in Cleveland for Cathy's birthday.
The day after I entered, I received an email confirming that I’m one of the winners of the giveaway. I have to print out the email and show it to SKINFOOD SM Baguio branch. The manager, Sir Angel is so generous, instead of giving me a pair of each, he gave me extras aside from the gift set! ;P Thanks Sir Angel!
It doesn't matter where you go, to the beach, a luau, a parking lot, you will see chickens. Or at least hear the insistent crowing of the roosters. You are advised not to bother them. After I witnessed a gaggle of chickens crow and peck each other in a furious fight, flying into the air and landing on backs with sharp claws, I understood why.
The basis for the outsider test has been stated adequately by liberal Christian philosopher John Hick: “It is evident that in some ninety-nine percent of the cases the religion which an individual professes and to which he or she adheres depends upon the accidents of birth.” That is to say, if we were born in Saudi Arabia, we would be Sunni Muslims right now. If we were born in Iran, we’d be Shi’a Muslims. If we were born in India, we’d be a Hindus. If we were born in Japan, we’d be Shintoists. If we were born in Mongolia, we’d be Buddhists. If we were born in the first century BCE in Israel, we’d adhere to the Jewish faith at that time, and if we were born in Europe in 1000 CE, we’d be Roman Catholics. For the first nine hundred years we would’ve believed in the ransom theory of Jesus’ atonement. As Christians during the later Middle Ages, we wouldn’t have seen anything wrong with killing witches, torturing heretics, and conquering Jerusalem from the “infidels” in the Crusades. These things are as close to being undeniable facts as we can get in the sociological world.
Damn Danzou.
Reporting From: Kiev, Ukraine
Noto is another Baroque town, rebuilt after the same 1693 earthquake, but with quite a different style to Ortigia. We found the great, cheap B&B Frederica (tripadvisor does it again!) and armed with a tip from the friendly owner finally got our nashers around some of the famous Sicialian fare which has so far evaded us..faith is restored. Maybe we will keep going after all.
Having thwarted the usurping of his band name in any form, Eldritch enlisted bassist Patricia Morrison, formerly of The Gun Club, and in 1987 released the second Sisters Of Mercy album, Floodland. Eldritch may have been difficult to work with, but he sure knew how to make great records! Floodland was a bit heavier than First And Last And Always, but was every bit as good - if not better. "This Corrosion" and "Lucretia My Reflection" found regular airplay on college radio and MTV, and were legitimate chart-toppers back home in the UK. "This Corrosion" remains the best track in The Sisters Of Mercy catalog; a searing rocker that crossed playlists from punk to metal to hard rock with an irresistible "hey now, hey now now" chorus that stays lodged in your brain for days. Brilliant.
With Easter weekend around the corner I have began to think about the meaning of Easter. Some people associate Easter with bunnies, colorful eggs, baby chickens; in other words the celebration of spring. As great as those epic Easter egg hunts were growing up, Easter is about death and then life. It is strange that I mentioned death before life. However, as a result of Adam and Eve’s disobedience, that brought the human race into sin, we are condemned to eternal death (i.e. Hell). I’m sure nobody wants eternal death, right? I’m sure we would flock to a solution that does not involve us dying. But the reality is Sin demands death, so somebody has to die. Now imagine this:
I also hear rumors that the high charged and prophets of the Springsteen sound, the Hold Steady, are rumored to be playing Rachael Ray's 2nd annual party.
Day 1 : Christchurch
Nemango
At Peace.
However, these bags are insanely expensive, the prices of lolita bags are nothing compared to it. But I don't want to own a replica of it. I want to own the original.
What if the victim had been black? His attackers white. do you think that this video would have received more play beyond the local Baltimore stations and the internet?
becoming more aware of opportunities to help or support
And now I've shared, and I'm looking forward to catching up on some of the blogs I've missed to see what you've shared too.
Cut cheesecake lengthwise into 4 strips, then crosswise into 6 strips, forming 24 bars. Sprinkle bars with fleur de sel.
like 2:33 AM.
The S.O. and I were wondering, though, just what happens to the refrigerators once they're collected from people's homes. Where do old refrigerators go to die? Our assumption is that their fate must be similar to that of cars traded in during that "cash for clunkers" program a few years ago -- the crusher, the shredder, and a slow boat to China -- but who knows?*
March 21, 2012
garam masala - 1/2 tsp
My little disclaimer here - I'm committing a big movie review faux pax here and letting my fond memories of one movie taint my opinions of the newer one. It's never fair, but with a remake I feel like at least some comparison is in order.
Pretty much, I just looked up when the fighting would start, which thankfully was often, but it's all not enough to save the film overall. There's some decent stuff going on from time to time action-wise; some creative fight scenes that didn't completely rely on comedy which is always good for me. The co-star alongside Bolo, and I apologize for having no clue what his name is, was a talented martial artist himself, doing some sweet things with props in his scenes.
2. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Salt it, add the pasta and cook to al dente, 3 minutes. Drain, reserving a ladleful of water.
An important part of the ceremony is the lighting of the luminaria. Luminara are bags that people write the names of the people who died, survived, or are currently fighting cancer. The moment seemed very symbolic to the event because the fields become quick and tears began to run from a number of people’s eyes. It could really hit a person emotionally when they are in a crowded field filled with crying students. Right before the lighting of luminara ceremony, a Hofstra University student, Emily Lovejoy told her story of why she relays. The story was of her mother who recently passed and how Lovejoy would constantly visit her mother while she was in school. The overall story was very touching and it could easily be noticed that when looking at the audience who was has a closer relationship with their mother.
So! for my latest hair... *drumrolls* Seaweed Green! Ahh... you might probably guessed it already since its really obvious shown on the titile #fail.
Level 11: MP Cost: 40, Duration: 110 seconds, 57% chance to not get knocked back.
The first decision crossroad arises when companies have a product or product concept in hand, but don’t really know either the tasks the product can fulfill or the customers for whom these tasks are a priority.
the blood libel narrative
20. If I Could Ride A Spaceship - 1964
I might add a few more ......
I'm glad that I went. The Major used an interesting expression in describing the attributes of each of those Cadets: "lead from the front". I looked sideways at #2 Son and realized with sinking heart that he learns from example, too, and my example has been away for too long.
06. Stage Chat
One of its dictates shredded the popular Medicare Advantage (MA) program starting in... October. Yep: just before the 2012 elections. Realizing their mistake, HHS head Kathleen Sebelius decided to steal $8.3 billion from another part of Medicare to hide the mistake from seniors until after the election.
Life" and "You Turn Me On", which, I guess, still were recorded back home. Both were hits in the USA and Whitcomb settled down in the States, where he had quite a career with a string of pretty decent novelty rocksongs. That probably is why a couple of real good studio recordings by Bluesville never were released, with
Assistant Commandant, U.S. Marine Corps (‘94-‘96)
In a supposedly spontaneous protest in support of president Aziz in the capital Nouakchott on Tuesday, onlookers could plainly see protesters being ferried around by a vehicle bearing the state TV insignia.
Backcountry, Sidecounty, Big Country, whatever you want to call it, skiing beyond the resort boundary is the biggest trend of 2012-13. It seems as if every brand is jumping on the bandwagon and developing some product tailored for use in the backcountry.
Felix: Hey Lizard, now that I'm done performing, can I stay and watch the Princess dance?
Owoooooooooooooooooo!
Twin Liquor-Hancock
There were a lot of friends’ birthdays in July and I realized I never posted pictures of the cards. Sadly, not all of these friends actually got cards. Blame it on Facebook.
I work with Photoshop Elements–much easier than Photoshop and very inexpensive. I can manipulate the photos by cropping, color changes, filters, and many more techniques.
If anything else seems weird just ask...don't be afraid to hurt my feelings...I would like honest feedback! Oooh and a big thanks in advance if you actually read and leave a comment!
Level 24: Recovers 240 HP and 72 MP every 4 seconds.
To come together means to set aside your own wants, needs, egos and agendas for a common goal. The crisis the heroes face is a great equalizer. When faced with global destruction, someone has powerful as Thor needs to rely on the combined skills and abilities of Hulk, Captain America, Iron Man, Hawkeye and Black Widow to save their planet. The destruction that the world is facing threatens them all.
It’s not my first experience with musical misinterpretation.
Blue Pride Pilsner – Traditional German Lager
“The media in Nigeria are not a problem to us if they will do their job professionally without taking sides,” Mr. Abul Qaqa said.
Yesterday's gone sweet Jesus
Seeing these again it struck me just how rare it is to see a campaign that is as consistently good as this these days. And actually how rare it is to see campaigns that build over time. The tendency amongst agencies is to always chase the new and reinvent the wheel every time. Hence brands seem to be on treadmill on churning out a series of different executions rather than trying to invest in something that works over the medium to long term.
In talking with the only other coworker I know that watches the same shows I do, a thought occurred to me: what if they turned God of War into a television series? I mean, guts, gore, and glory all seem to be what makes for a good show these days (and really hot half naked men that fight to prove everything) so it only makes sense, right?
The plot's about a group of scientists with interests in human evolution, so, make a journey beneath the earth through a series of caverns where they encounter a variety of deadly humanoid monsters and even a giant spider!
Bára is one of Iceland’s best traditional singers. She is also widely respected here as a composer, especially of vocal music. She grew up surrounded by the folk songs of her parents and grandparents in the family farm Grímstunga in Vatnsdalur in the north of Iceland and her father Gímur Lárusson in particular was also a very good lyric writer in the traditional style. Later on the family moved to Reykjavík and got involved with Kvæðamannafélagið Iðunn. Bára studied at Tónlistarskólinn í Reykjavík and later did 5 years post grad. composition studies in Holland. In her role as composer and arranger, Bára continues to draw on the well of traditional Icelandic music, while as a performer she invests the traditional songs that she performs with a natural authority born out of her having been surrounded by them from birth.
I've been having sewing machine problems that result in just horrible language coming from that frustrated place deep inside me. I was sharing my latest exasperations with my fabulous pal Jessy, and she said it sounded like ill fitting bobbins. You may want to stop here because this bobbin talk could be getting a bit too boring. Anyway, before I could even write "get new bobbins" on my to do list, Jessy had popped over to the sewing machine shop and got me just the right thing. Problem solved!
“Yeah,” she mumbled with a roll of her eyes as the waiter approached their table and put on it her usual.
Who is watching the children while you're away?
Or do we?
Amazon Sales Rank: #4198 in Health and Beauty
Deborah has just started the Weight Watcher's journey with me
1. Groups can self organise, forming and disbanding spontaneously and easily
So yes, I am aiming for long hair again... By long hair I mean down to my shoulders or just slightly longer.
and Umami by Richard Turner, head chef at The Hawksmoor.
Cut me open and you will find words,
Seven of us went and on the way over we laughed at the thought of going inside the house and scaring them if one of the doors was open to the house.... Then we pulled up and sure enough! The side entry door was totally open. Now it was no longer a prank, but a secret mission! We took off our shoes and tip toed upstairs. The house was three levels, and they were in the basement. We devised a plan and then took this pick in an upstairs bedroom...
I listen for a moment and say, "Yeah, I hear it too. There's someone playing drums in the park across the street."
Keepsake, Jonagold. No MacIntosh now.
By Lucille Clifton (written in 1974)
That's Sam Jaffe in his first film role, as a Russian Emperor and a horror-film jack-in-the-box. His Peter III is a sniggering madman: in his first interaction with his new bride, he insists on showing her his new "invention" (a toy soldier glued to a wheel; it's not clear what part of it he thinks he's invented), then rushes off to watch an execution.
Perfectly Polished, Almost made cookie burgers. Genius. Cookies, frosting, thin mints, candies and green tinted coconut made for a very real looking mini burger. How cute would these be for a picnic themed party?
Other types of buffs along these lines could be Toe Nail Clipper Buff (“I just got the new model Trim”), Shower Curtain Ring Buff (think John Candy in “Planes, Trains”), Ceiling Fan Buff (“It’s got eight speeds!”), or Late Eighties’ Microwave Oven Buff (“You can cook a whole turkey to the max”) just to name a few.
I apologize and wish all the best to those to whom the previous paragraph does not apply. For those to whom it does however, I quote from Pink Floyd’s Waiting For The Worms:
“The concern is that there is always an enormous temptation to dump the losers on the insured institution,” said William Black, professor of economics and law at the University of Missouri-Kansas City and a former bank regulator. “We should have fairly tight restrictions on that.”
Our dear Jensen has been in the wars, in a manner of speaking. At the end of March he had what seemed to be an abcess burst on his chest. Took him to our lovely vet and she cleaned it out, prescribed a course of antibiotics and an antiseptic spray. It was healing nicely and then opened up again.. Back to the vets, in for surgery and they opened him up and found a large cyst. Poor boy, 3" scar, 7 stitches, and another long course of antibiotics plus painkiller. Talk about placid at the moment, he just wants to sleep all day! Anyway, on day 2 after coming home he ripped the dressing off and took out the top two stitches, so back to the vet for staples and a 'lampshade' collar. He has another checkup at end of this week and we are hoping it will be the end of it. From what I can see the scar is healing nicely. Am so glad that this has happened out here, dread to think of the costs in the UK!!
Then today (Monday) happened. I currently feel like Brandy is a bitch. Also a part of her Tuesday talk was that she wanted weekly updates about what I accomplished for the week and what I planned to do for the following week. I don't think this is unreasonable in itself, but the fact that she's all the sudden implementing it right after I come back from working at home, after I've been working for her for 2 and a half years, is suspicious and upsetting. Well, today she reminded me about sending it to her, which I did. She responded by saying I didn't do much work for the first 3 days I was back and to please do more work in the future. There is a lot of work to be done, etc. I told her that I was sorry and realized I didn't do that much work but to please understand I'm grieving, that was my first 3 days back, and my work is picking up this week. She then responded by saying that she understands I'm grieving (though she clearly has no idea what grief is) and it's not a big deal since my work is picking up, but if I'm coming to work and getting paid then I need to be working and if I'm not, that's a problem. Now things are completely awkward between us.
Worse yet, she had to put some thought into what she was wearing for a morning show interview. I figure she went with the eagle motif to relate to the patriotic proletariat likely to be watching, but it didn't work on any level. This is a shirt that might look good on a skinny, 20 something hipster. Definitely not meant for a 60 something aspiring FLOTUS.
2/20 at Dallas, L 73-89 (L +9.5), Under
Black pudding punched the air with delight!
Shock meant nothing
Goin' to the Chapel of Looooove :)
I recently read a blog post about the changes in the health care marketing and research industry and how there has been a mass exodus of talent. I was not surprised to read this, only surprised to read it recently. I spent the majority of my career working in medical education and marketing in small agencies supporting pharmaceutical companies and the associations they give those “unrestricted educational grants” to.
The world of Westeros is definitely an interesting, multi-layered place to explore and with so many of the characters driven by greed, revenge, pride and a sense of entitlement, the chaos that often ensues throughout the ten episode first season is certainly expectant in places.
KANO (AFP)
As I sat on a quiet bench in a serene and beautiful place today, and thought about my family, I started to cry.
Hello, me!
Columbia Records
Giving a set of keys to a teen-ager can flood the parent of even the most cautious new driver with fear. Now a new study shows that the safest kind of vehicle for teen drivers might be a big sport utility vehicle.
"I will go as far as Martin Luther, where he says, ‘If any man ascribes anything of salvation, even the very least thing, to the free will of man, he knows nothing of grace, and he has not learned Jesus Christ rightly.’" "Free-will doctrine—what does it? It magnifies man into God. It declares God’s purposes a nullity, since they cannot be carried out unless men are willing. It makes God’s will a waiting servant to the will of man, and the whole covenant of grace dependent on human action. Denying election on the ground of injustice, it holds God to be a debtor to sinners." "His will cannot be neutral or ‘free’ to act contrary to his nature." "Free will has carried many souls to hell, but yet never a soul to heaven."
“Dave will not be able to afford the school fees, Pricklewood. He will be in a low-paid job, struggling to make ends meet for his young family.”
How to proceed. Keep calm, and humiliate the police officers. Shout "Shame on you! Shame on you!" I saw one cop without a riot helmet; he looked so mortified. The rest of the squad was sort of nudging the miscreant with the hot sauce away from the kids. "We done wrong." Oh, OK, just settle the canning funnel into the little cocottes of beans, and spoon out some from within the funnel. Now, crack an egg in this indentation, remove the funnel, and spoon the spare beans back over your dish.
“Yes, Mister Rogers.”
Each week, great cooks and gardeners from around the world share recipes and tips for foraging or growing all kinds of delicious vegetables, herbs, flowers, fruits and seeds. If it's a member of the Vegetable Kingdom, it's likely been featured in an edition of Weekend Herb Blogging, although I always seem to find a new ingredient or way to cook an old favorite in a novel way with each round of WHB.
was signed in January 2008 at the
The third worst offender was again for the 7th time was, Brian Gallagher,
I would love to see more dialogue and education about adoption in our country. I think there are still a lot of people who have antiquated notions of what adoption is (my parents used to be like that). There are people who believe that we are “saving” Cadet from some poor house/orphanage/baby home. The number of questions I get about adoption, even through my conversations on facebook, lead me to believe that people still don’t understand what adoption looks like today. So, before we can change it, I think we need to talk about what it looks like now and how we can improve on it from there.
In 1905 the Nadals sold the estate to Mariano Ignacio Ferro who still owned it when Hiram Bingham arrived in 1911 and offered some assistance to the American explorer. Mariano Ignacio Ferro died in 1934 the deeds of the land passed to his daughter Tomasa and her husband Emilio Abrill Vizcarra, a lawyer from Cusco who would go on to become major of the city and later a senator. Machu Picchu was then bought by the Zavaleta family in 1944. In recent years there have been a number of legal wrangles over who actually owns the land upon which the ruins are found. The family of Abrill Vizcarra still claim ownership saying that the Zavaleta family bought only a section of the land contained in their deeds whereas the Zavaletas maintain that they own the whole of the property. Confusing things even more is the fact that the government of Peru declared that they expropriated ownership of the site in 1944 because of the Peruvian that insists that all significant archaeologist sites in the country are property of the nation. The site was made a historic sanctuary in 1981 and two years later UNESCO gave it the status of a World Heritage site. Despite this, both the Abrill and Zavaleta families insist that they should have received payment from the Peruvian government and are demanding compensation of millions of dollars as well as a share in the income received from the almost one million years to the site every year.
Mix together and cook at 350 degrees for about 30 minutes. I used a large springform pan. I could easily get more than 12 slices out of this but 1/12 of the cake is 3 points on Weight Watchers.
David (age 15): Dave’s comment on the various samples in National Geographic’s subscriber-participatory “Smell Survey”: “They all smell like mucous to me.” (#207)
I mentioned Kamchatka. In the darkest days of solstice – and even in subsequent weeks when January turned to February and the light began to return – temperatures in this part of Scotland were, as I said, more appropriate for Siberia than for an island on the Atlantic seaboard. In the second of three storms, four blackbirds fell off their tree limbs in the night and died. I found the body of a fifth frozen under one of the vehicles, as if she hadn’t had the strength to fly for cover. A greenfinch died in my hands from sheer exhaustion and inability to get enough seed in her crop before nightfall.
your eyes,
It's also a pretty fun way to play with bangs without having to make the commitment of cutting them in.
Western readers should remember that Chinese herbal medicine is based upon individual prescriptions developed for each patient and his or her unique symptoms. Chinese herbs should not be taken, either individually or in formulas, unless a practitioner of Chinese herbal medicine is first consulted.
Being mounted low and far forward, the splitter also forms the location for ballast. Depending on the prevailing tyre and aerodynamic issues, teams can run as much as 50% of the cars weight on the front axle. with a rear engine car, the only way to do this is the ballast the front of the car and the splitter has been known to be made entirely from metal in order to maximise front end weight bias. Under the current aero and tyres rules, weight is somewhat more rearwards and the splitter is less heavily loaded with ballast
Wife: Ok, Let me get creative.
After booking affordable New York accommodation online, we find ourselves staying in a lovely brown-stone apartment in the Bedford-Stuyvesant area of Brooklyn, on the corner of Malcolm X Boulevard.
I've also managed to use some of this fab Basic Grey 'Granola' paper which I've had for years. I'm just gutted that my picture is so blinking awful! You can't even see the vellum on the big butterfly. I really need to get the PC sorted... grr!
Carrie Ann: I started reading too many romance novels and couldn’t quiet the voices in my head! I can’t not write.
Me? A leader? Okay, I did prove that there's more to Inside that we knew. That a whole world exists beyond this cube we live in. And finding that led to a major rebellion - between worker scrubs like me and the snobby uppers who rule our world. Make that ruled. Because of me, we're free. I thought that meant I was off the hook, and could go off on my own again - while still touching base with Riley, of course. He's the one upper I think I can trust. But then we learned that there's outside and then there is Outside. And something from Outside wants in.
even if they don’t know why,
For new inspectors, crunching numbers on how much inspection business exists in your area, what other inspectors are charging, what auxiliary services they’re providing and how you can connect with new clients is invaluable, especially in a housing market that’s still bouncing back. Clayton adds that writing a business plan is especially important in the home inspection industry because work is seasonal.
Loose from a late morning
Source of book: Provided by author by request
they too have their story.
until i reached the foothills of the southern rockies. the sky was salmon.
A big improvement in the consistency that Szczesny speaks of, would come through fitness being retained through the season. How Arsène would love Jack Wilshere to be fit now, easing the absence of Mikel Arteta and Theo Walcott. A squad player such as Denilson would be a decent addition. The Brazilian would be a good fit into the side now in these circumstances. This season’s fluctuating form has not just been down to injuries, the mishandled transfer window was a lesson that the club has learned from hopefully. However, the injuries do not help sustain form or improve it where needed. With a plateau coming in the top six teams – many of a similar level whilst Newcastle showing teams can break into the European placings – it is vital that Arsenal stay ahead of their competitors whilst bridging the gap to the top two.
Last week I mentioned my apathy towards marches and demonstrations and how it came about. I should have added, if only to balance things off a little, that I do have joined online campaigns and petitions. One of the reasons I feel proud to carry a British passport and call myself a "naturalised British citizen" is because this country has an efficient and fair health system where everyone, regardless of colour, sex, gender, sexual orientation or age can be treated without paying one single penny. Perfect, it is not, and I'd be the first one to say that a lot needs to be done. But let's not throw the baby with the bathwater. Increasing competition and changing the ways services are commissioned is not the solution. The result will be more inequality.
Yeah, yeah, yeah... I know. That was yesterday. But, it's the first time on my blog in FOREVAH...so I wanted to wish all of you a "Happy New Year!"
Becca
With a trunk full of donations.....
Locked Down is, as can be expected, rooted in syncopated, stuttering New Orleans funk rhythms; drummer Max Weissenfeldt (Heliocentrics) almost steals this entire show. What is not expected is that Dr. John avoids his trademark piano stylings entirely; instead, Auerbach puts him in front of various organs and vintage electric pianos, which immediately alters the sonic atmosphere. Behind him are bold, bottom-heavy horn sections, jazzy bass, gospel backing vocals and African percussion—and of course, Auerbach’s own guitar. He stays largely in the background, but when he does clear space for a guitar solo, he channels everything he has into concise, lyrical passages that speak volumes with few notes. With every production choice Auerbach makes here, the man is nothing if
More than 5,000 people attended John’s funeral, one of the largest held in Derry at the time, and he was buried will full IRA honours.
Here are some ideas regarding various levels of education that might help to determine your long-term success in the workplace.
So I became great and surpassed all who were before me in Jerusalem. Also my wisdom remained with me. And whatever my eyes desired I did not keep from them. I kept my heart from no pleasure, for my heart found pleasure in all my toil, and this was my reward for all my toil.
Tax preparation time is difficult and pressure-filled at best. No matter what the scorecard (tax return) says, there is little time to do meaningful tax planning in the first part of the year.
Scientists and those types like descriptions. I’m also something of a creative writer and one of my writing professors drilled descriptions into us over and over. He wanted to bring pornographic novels to have us read because of the effectiveness of the descriptions in them.
Just the Wind?
She’s really counting on your love
I thought my blueberry plants were done – leaves started dropping like crazy, branches were turning red and leaves turning brown with spots. Total disaster.
A deeply hydrating tanning lotion formulated with a tan inducing peptide to provide a golden sun-kissed and streak-free tan. Blended with rainforest cocoa, rose petal, jasmine and passion flower, it has a hint of guava and melon for a delicious aroma. Loved by all skins.
Good doctors pop out your eye, clean it, and put it back in.
It’s not often that Wilmington, NC finds itself in the path of a major winter storm event. Maybe this happens once every decade.
For the rough sawn side, I lightly sanded it and applied Antique Oil Finish. I thought this
This is a great — but sad, horribly tragic — article about some dear friends of ours who live in this community. We attend church with them in Plymouth and have grown to know them and their children very well. I love them very much but, regrettably, I’ve not had done as much as I would like to support them following this loss. Still, I can let them know that their pain is never completely out of my mind and that I hope others can learn and grow from this horrific incident.
5. Chrissy Ann Ceramics
What I found interesting was that each week during March I moved between 6 to 8 units per week. This is all without any kind of advertising on my part. I’ve just let “Slip Drive” sit there and do its thing. If I had tried to push it, I wonder what kind of numbers I would have seen then.
I don't like to over-complicate my life, so I keep my editing technique simple. Whenever possible, I let Word do the tedious stuff. I also rest my brain between edits so I can review my draft with fresh eyes.
They also do a Virgin Coconut Oil, which I wasn't sent to try, but would love to try at some point.
Could it be that simple?
This past September, I helped my mother look for artwork with feathers for a design project. We found a lot of different watercolor versions, but I had to leave before the project was finished, so I am not sure exactly what ended up on the walls...
President Obama arrived at 4 o’clock in the morning for a photo-op with the president of Afghanistan and U.S. military personnel, and to give a carefully designed message that a page was being turned in the Afghanistan war. The implication is that the war in Afghanistan is finally coming to an end under President Obama’s leadership. The reality is far different.
I bought this designer paper a few years back. I loved the non-traditional colors (brown and blue) and the designs. But you know how that goes... I put it in my obscene paper stash and never pulled it out! So when I saw the cute reindeer image on the I Believe set, I knew this paper would be perfect! I even copied one of Emily's ideas of using a red rhinestone on Rudolph's nose! How fun!
People who find statistics boring should out-click now:
Second, when folding, only add your almond meal mixture in a bit at a time. Too much and you’ll deflate your whites more than you want to. So don’t be like me and get impatient. Folding is about patience.
Another thought, friends let me know that it snowed in NYC, New Jersey and Washington, DC/VA (snow and rain mix) on Saturday. And it was just a gloomy and damp day where we live, no snow and we are in snow country! Go figure!
If you're working in Howard County, you should add it to your lunch repertoire. If you're looking for a break, you should stop by on a weekend -- just a short run from your errand at Lowe's, Home Depot, Target, etc. If you're a food blogger, you shouldn't take Bon Fresco for granted. All my old posts are true, but I'm going to hunt for new favorites on the menu.
Well it's time to put all your seaside memories or fantasies into a piece of art.
I just realised that it has been exactly a month since my last post and I apologise for the long pause. I have been going through a phase where SL has lost its fascination for me and at this point I am not really sure if I will get it back. I just don’t feel the inspiration anymore to explore, put together outfits or take blog pictures. I log in, clear my messages, look at my inventory and then decide to log off again.
National University of Singapore, History
I was never a riot grrrl but because of them I was forced to think closely about what I let my son do at ten and what I let my daughters do at the same age. Because of Riot Grrrl, I challenged myself to address sex in positive, open ways; I encouraged my son and my daughters to speak with other adults in their lives if they couldn’t speak to their mother or me.
I know a lot of people thought the whole affair was silly and they probably still do, but I was glad, for my part, to offer good wishes to the happy couple and honored to act as one among their many supporters, an enormous group of removed wedding guests.
How logical! But how false...
Men of genius sometimes accomplish most when they work the least, for they are thinking out inventions and forming in their minds the perfect idea that they subsequently express with their hands.” —Leonardo da Vinci
7) They rather enjoy "Nixe" (pronounced as in France as "Nyks"), and "Puman" (as in "Puma") shoes over there. A good deal at only 4€ a pop!
“Yes,” agreed Bantum.
* Provides rare Armormech, Synthweaving and Cybertech materials, and companion gifts.
1. Every morning think and pray
They would have provided the training, facilities, personnel, weaponry, and resources at a much lower cost than Halliburton and any of those other private contractors.
teasing twinkling with want
I'm still going through my stash, so more will be added to my RAK.
In recent light of the author-reviewer blow-up/s that's been going around the interwebz (luckily for me, I've missed them since I'm not nearly as active online as I was before), I've decided to do away with book reviews on my blog. Instead, I'm doing Book Spotlights so you can see what I've been reading in my almost non-existent spare time. :)
Masters of the Universe® Vykron™ ($30)
i'm really excited about it.
Most mornings on my drive to work, I notice crows out in the middle of the road, pecking at a dead animal. I always yell at them. “Ewww, don’t eat that.” That just really bothers me. I mean, why eat dead, rotting corpses? Who does that? Well, obviously, crows do.
We will have a quick lesson about missionary preparation. I packed a duffel bag because it is already 90 degrees and I don't want to go up in my attic! Anyway, we will unpack the suitcase/duffel bag and talk about the following items:
‘Over there, in the chair.’ She looked across the room at a huge reclining chair that no one uses and sits neglected in a corner. I must admit, that scared me for just a second. Imagining a ghost in a chair is more unsettling than garden-variety ghosts in the closet.
Let's Turn Back the Years
If anyone tries any of these recipes or has any of their own, please be sure to let me know! Happy National Margarita Day!
Sweeter Than All the World
So I hosted my first ever DIY planning seminar this last week. It was SO much fun! I could see brides and their attendees taking notes and talking amongst themselves. It felt great to inspire and empower them with a few ideas and planning tools.
Cook green beans according to pkg directions. Drain.
We know our crepes were amazingly delicious… because you told us! We served over 1,000 piping hot crepes to visitors at the Grand Opening of Glenvale Phase 4 in January and there was not a hungry person in sight. In the spirit of the contest, check out our crepe recipe!
En daar sal ek bly tot die dood
I'm a huge fan of David Bromstad and would LOVE for him to come to my house and design a room but unfortunately I don't live in Miami and I doubt he'd travel to Tucson. Despite all that, I'm excited to get a print of David's art to hang in my new home:
How can the God of Love,
left an impression on me.
3. Do NOT expect to still have your makeup intact afterwards – this applies to all genders who wear makeup.
This is component number one, a simple ramp. The kids love the game Munchkin, and in that game there is a card called “Kill the Hireling.”
2) After reading the chapter, choose one verse from the chapter that you want to share with someone. From our earlier example, if today you read Proverbs 17 then you mightchoose Proverbs 17:10 ”A rebuke goes deeper into a man of understanding than a hundredblows into a fool.” Or you may choose Proverbs 17:17 ”A friend loves at all times, and abrother is born for adversity.” You may find it hard to choose just one.
On May 1, as part of the San Francisco International Film Festival, SF filmmaker Sam Green will regale audiences at the SFMOMA with a "live documentary" presentation, The Love Song of R. Buckminster Fuller, featuring a live score by Yo La Tengo.
I am enough.
And now I’ve got the chance to help make a difference!
& you too, for now inside your cells,
During the day, soldiers come and search round the outside of the house, saying they're looking for hidden weapons.
Eph 5:18,19 Be filled with the Spirit. Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord.
He showed them pictures of angry and fearful faces and other disturbing images, like those of an angry dog or of a gun pointed towards the screen.
The US got its first gold medal of the meet as the day began to move to a close as Christian Cantwell finally got that elusive outdoor gold medal. Cantwell finally met with his potential in a Major. Cantwell hit a huge 72' 3.5" throw in the 5th round to secure the gold medal he has been searching for most of this decade.
Yurchak says Hansen Beverage Company is aware of the findings, but still refuses to believe his client.
Here’s the program for anti-anti-semitism:While detect (criticism_of_jews)
Like my dad used to say 'mucket bra!'
Richard Skolnik, Addiction Counselor Assistant, Nesconsett, New York.
BTW, it is snowing!!
I'm aware that I haven't been consistently blogging lately! I feel terrible that I haven't been looking at your beautiful posts, and commenting them, and I definitely haven't been uploading my own work. I've been swamped working full time, but this will soon change when university commences in a few weeks time. I hope to have more time for blogging then. Nevertheless, I want to still upload some bits now and then of my baking; even if it doesn't garner that much interest or comemnts. I don't expect it too. I don't have much to give back at this point anyhow, unfortunately.
The left-wing socialist leader Largo Caballero had demanded in June that the workers be armed, but was refused by Azaña. When the coup came, the Republican government was paralyzed. Workers armed themselves in Madrid and Barcelona, robbing government armories and even ships in the harbor, and put down the insurrection while the government vacillated, torn between the twin dangers of submitting to Franco and arming the working classes. In large areas of Spain, effective authority passed into the hands of the anarchist and socialist workers who had played a substantial, generally dominant role in putting down the insurrection.
Some great blistering guitarwork, from both Jimi and Johnny.
Silk Romper, Buffalo Exchange
One of those giant decorated chocolate chip cookies? - Oh, just not quite cute enough.
Now about 4 pm. Around five we decided to catch the LRT home. Well, another drama!
And then, just beyond them his eyes meet with the unwavering eyes a small child-windows to the very face of God. Jesus calls to him and the child comes running with great eagerness. Jesus picks him up in his arms and carries him to his disciples and gently sets him down in the midst of them.
I… I USED PRE-MADE PIE CRUSTS, OKAY!?? I’m sorry!!! I don’t know what happened to me!! I love making crusts! I’m good at crusts!! I’m better than my mother at pie crusts! But I was kinda tired and the thought of all that measuring and the cutting the butter into the flour and then the rolling and the actual MUSCLE EXERTION… I collapsed. I gave in. I bought frozen Pillsbury pie shells. They weren’t bad at all, actually. You just pop them into the oven for about 9 minutes to thaw, and they tasted good. Not as good as my homemade crust, I will definitely say that with no qualms. But for a tired, hardworking girl, they were fine. (To be specific: they were just a little thinner than I liked, and broke apart easier. That’s all. I like lots of crust. Thick crust. I am a crust fan.)
I don't want to go through the post-surgical hypothyroidism caused by the period between when I will have no TSH running through my system and when I'll be able to start taking the synthetic TSH and get it adjusted to a point where I can have some semblance of normalcy. Wondering what some of the things that happen when you have hypothyroidism? I was too, so I looked it up. Check out this barrel of laughs:
2 pounds store-bought ravioli
RYAN: Corvalle is really about community, so I make wines for my friends and family to enjoy. My hope is that these wines will bring people together to create great memories.
Tasty Cupcake:
Gods are sharing cups
thanks for the emails and for continuing to check in...your words mean a lot to me.
Second, the Court observes that, according to the Directive, the purchaser of a software licence has the right to observe, study or test the functioning of that software in order to determine the ideas and principles which underlie any element of the program. Any contractual provisions contrary to that right are null and void. Furthermore, the determination of those ideas and principles may be carried out within the framework of the acts permitted by the licence.
So maybe the renal diet will be the same way. Maybe I’ll find new recipes online and we’ll toss the string cheese and Austin will just adapt. And maybe, just maybe, the little kidney that could will do some more.
Resources from 3/8/2012
Tip: Paddy Power, among others, offer 8/13 on a Chelsea win. That’s generous enough to put in the accumulator. Chelsea to win 2-1 going at 15/2 in Bet365. Worth a flutter. Both likely to score (4/6 PP).
- Crab Kick Up / Bike Abs
June 23 - Peter Falk, actor (Lieutenant Columbo on "Columbo"), 83
~ From “The Name Of The Rose” by Umberto Eco, as translated by William Weaver.
Have you found your perfect fit?
What am I doing with my time, you wonder? I guess living up the forties. So many firsts.
1/2 teaspoon ground sage
For those centrally involved in it, this financial shuttle-diplomacy no doubts makes for a pleasing erection, and nervous hotel maids. But it is a displacement form of onanism: all of it is for nothing. The eurozone will not survive in its current form….if at all; and I am beginning to believe that if this nonsense carries on much longer (which, without a reality injection, it must) within two years at most UKIP will be a redundant political Party. Out of bad, as the Buddhists say, must come some good.
Wipeout 2048′s futuristic racing looks absolutely beautiful, with sharp, detailed environments blasting past as you race. It’s also one of the games to utilise cross play, letting you race against PS3 opponents on certain Wipeout HD tracks.
But this was the SAME ORGANIZATION giving awards to two different people. What were the voters saying? That Rodgers had better leadership skills but Brees played better? That Brees was more of an offensive force but Rodgers' was more irreplaceable? I'm not sure how they could say that though … Rodgers sat out the last game of the season, and some guy named Matt Flynn -- a seventh round pick back in 2008 -- threw for 480 yards and six touchdowns.
Consequently, my mind has been buzzing with thoughts of wallpaper, bath fixtures and drawer pulls (when I should have been thinking boxes, packing materials and change of address).
Annoying and pervasive loud crowd murmur
she told to us
Glimmering and vast, out in the tranquil bay,
Off the carcass went to the nothing-world – the sweetest nothing.
I would LOVE to see Democrats in general asked that question, and Obama in particular. They would vacillate around it of course, talk of ‘fairness,’ ‘balance,’ and a hodgepodge of focus group buzz words. If the moderators were fair, they would then badger the Dems until they actually answered it. Unfortunately, questions like this one end up at GOP debates, not Democratic ones…
7.the shadows of iga
Oricon reveals the weekly charts for December 26th Oricon reveals comic chart for the week of December 26th Final episode of “Kaseifu no Mita” reaches average rating of 40%! Do As Infinity’s “Koiuta” to be the theme song for movie, ‘Watashi no Ojisan’ Tsuchiya Anna to tackle “Survival 0 Yen Seikatsu” for the first time
As survivors we have all dealt with more than our share of invalidation. Invalidation comes from many sources: our family, friends, neighbors, peers, media, and society itself. Everyone, survivor of abuse or not, experiences some type of invalidation. Invalidation hurts us all. It particularly hurts when it concerns matters of the heart.
Lastly, find a comfortable spot to sit and before sitting, ground/center once more. This is a great time to meditate. Believe it or not, the above quick Element honoring, honors your spirit, soul and body and only takes about 5 minutes! There is no right or wrong to this time, it’s your time. I like to light a white or yellow candle and put it in the East, as well as lighting a favorite incense such as nag champa or sandalwood.
But Tim Gunn didn't see it as cheeky fun.
Oh well. It is what it is.
* Lettuce, for garnish
The point, he would say, is so that this situation doesn't happen again.
John O’Meara: Institut d’Etudes Politiques de Paris (Sciences Po), France
RODRIGUEZ: Is there any sense of remorse for her?
So, people, I solicit your thoughts and suggestions. Does it work on me? What else do you think I could wear with it other than the basic jeans or basic skirt? Am I being too short sighted as far as it's potential goes?
If I lived here I, too, would ride a motor bike.
Mama Cawfee--Hoodi and StellaBaby's grandmother, a former madame who raised the girls and has retired, whiling away her time knitting and rocking on her porch, shrieking obscenities at passersby.
In keeping with this award, I am to share 7 more tidbits of info about myself and give the award away. These tidbits of info are getting harder to come by so I am going to CHEAT! I was tagged last Christmas on my Facebook page with 30 Christmas questions about myself. You get to enjoy 7 of them – just think of it as an early present:
In the US, this used to be the way to make jobs, but the government, in it's search to regulate everything, is busy destroying the small business owner.
