Strawberries fans get ready – you also would love to harvest all season, I guess. If you want strawberries all season round, go for alpine strawberries – little plants bearing white to yellowish fruits all season, very fragrant and very tasty, evergreen, producing no runners, liking semi shade (4 hours of sun daily is enough). All this sounds promising – right? I planted my grown from seeds alpine strawberries in humus rich compost.
“It’s gonna have one stupid ass alarm. Like the Batmobile, G.”
Zack: We actually approached the songwriting as a movie score for this album. I'm glad it translated more or less the way we envisioned it. Morricone was a heavy influence for us in the songwriting process for this album. It is one my personal goals to score a movie someday and I am a huge fan of movies. Music and movies go together like cocaine and waffles!!!
Ten-year-old Hastin's sister has fallen ill, and his family must borrow money to pay for her care in the hospital. To work off the debt, Hastin leaves his village in northern India to work in a faraway jungle as an elephant keeper. He thinks it will be an adventure, but he isn't prepared for the cruel circus owner. The crowds that come to the circus see a lively animal who plays soccer and balances on milk bottles, but Hastin sees Nandita, a sweet elephant and his best friend, who is chained when she's not performing and hurt with a hook until she learns tricks perfectly. With the help of Ne Min, a wise old man who has watched over many elephants, Hastin protects Nandita as best as he can. Still he wonders--will they both survive long enough to escape?
Our first challenge will debut on Saturday May 5th...oh the anticipation ~ I can't wait! This new challenge has been divided into weekly "themes"... Here's a list to give you an idea of what's ahead.
Me: Anna, I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Observers say the Pekan MP needs to improve on Election 2008, during which BN lost a record 82 federal seats and five state governments and only a return to its customary two-thirds majority of Parliament would guarantee his survival.
We will be t peace with others, and more important, at peace with ourselves.
My cousins and I would often play mass. We would steal the cross that hung in our living room (our parents would scold us if they notice that the cross is missing), get some water and put it in a bottle (the “holy water”), get some palaspas (palm leaves substitute) from the nearby plants, and get some haw flakes (the host for the mass).
*Mamak is a colloquial reference to the Indian - Muslim community in Malaysia.Sitting at a mamak stall with your friends while ordering and re-ordering your favourite drink is a norm here in Malaysia. It's where the youth and young adults go to enjoy cheap fare and more importantly yak about their country.
1/2 teaspoon vanilla essence
One of the best parts is when you get one person, at least one, in the crowd letting out a “yeeeeeeee HOOOOO!” As you do some sort of flap-toe-heel-shuffle combination. Then you know you have their attention. Islanders are so into step dancing it’s insane. Just look at our kitchen parties! My family loves them! You see people tapping their toes, clapping their hands, and really getting into your dance.
cards, it's just that, when trying to make a
All of these presentation don’ts can be avoided by practicing your presentation in front of coworkers or even family members. Have them tell you what you can improve on and what you may be missing. By recognizing these flaws, you should be able to see better results. And always remember to gain feedback from your audience so that you can continue to improve your presentation skills.
Shelley's life has inspired numerous novels, few as ingenious as this one, which slyly purports to answer the question: 'Who murdered Percy Shelley?' A century after the drowning, a young doctor comes to the coast where Shelley lived, where a group of languid expats drink, flirt, and play literary games, writing witty pastiches that suggest solutions to the mystery. But then, of course, there's a real murder... A clever thriller, well worth tracking down.
Hurry, Tuesday Child
to live , to survive, to hold on.
Can you guess what killed us? Hint: It not only killed us, it also changed everything. Ah, you clever boy, you've got it. We were killed by social media.
So that makes my Sony cam about 2 years old. It was RM799 back then and I remembered keeping a huge chunk of cash in my wallet, my friend being my bodyguard for the day just to go buy it. Back then, I didn’t have a debit card yet. So yea, well…then recently, I am again poisoned to get a new camera, this time, an upgrade. Looking into some entry-level dslr from different brands atm. Actually, I only have two brands in my mind, Canon and Nikon. I’m leaning towards Canon actually, probably because my sister owned one and I kinda like it. However, when I compared the entry-levels between the two, it seems that Nikon’s D3100 is a good bet. A friend is recommending Nikon D3100 since it’s got reasonable price and pretty good reviews for first time dslr users or newbies like me. My budget would be around RM2k.
Build A Sign does just that - they will "build" virtually any type of sign you need for any type of ocassion.
Ten pounds is not much by any standard. This is getting close to not being able to lift a gallon of milk out of the refrigerator.
Grass Widow charmed us from the outset. Their debut album for Make a Mess was a gnarled, propulsive record tempered by the silky punch of the three shared vocalists' honeyed coos. It was the kind of debut that felt instantly part of the musical lexicon, somehow classic and fresh on equal levels. On their latest, Internal Logic, the ladies are doing things for themselves; having started their own HLR imprint and self-releasing this LP after a string of anticipatory singles. The album picks up where their Kill Rock Stars sophomore stint left off and it’s knotted in the same post-punk push-pull of throb and strum that has come to epitomize their recordings. Those honeyed vocals are still in for the ride as well, and the trio harmonizes so perfectly it’s easy to get swept away in the sunshine state of mind that seems to blow in their wake. Internal Logic feels stronger and more confident than its predecessor, both more accessible and more complex but as with all Grass Widow albums it’s the effortless breeziness about it that makes it so enticing. The album is available below from HLR and we highly recommend picking it up.
"Memory" I see this painting as kind of a milestone for me. This was my first big oil painting I had done after years of not painting large or in oils. I had just started painting again, but I was painting tiny 4x4 inch canvases. So this was a huge leap, but one that I was so excited and so ready for. And so scared for too. I remember the hesitancy of the first brushstrokes in the beginning and then the feeling of excitement as the painting developed. This painting represents so much for me. In a sense, it even represents me. A metaphorical self-portait.
Several months ago I committed and became very excited about returning to Orlando in March. At that time I was struggling with an ongoing health issue and was uncertain what the future would hold when it came to amunt of time off work.
William Levy is starting to wear out his initial welcome. He has made some glaring mistakes in all of his dances, non bigger than last night. He was mistepping after mistepping all the way through. Cheryl’s really got to work on his memorization of the steps and execution.
If you can do that, you are going to be successful. Then some wisenheimer says, “what about teaching stuff? What about winning?”. To that I would say, if all your kids are learning stuff about the game, then they are most assuredly winning and having some fun. But winning isn’t always going to happen, nor is it a guarantee that all the boys are happy. I just want each kid to feel like they are plugged in. Like they matter. Like they are “in on something” and learning stuff about the game and about how to compete and not beat yourself–how to give your self a chance to succeed.
LIM: Section 8A has been used to persecute and punish the Opposition. It has not been used against all publications that write false news
But, key thing is what this ale does taste like.
B.J. Coleman is a quality small-school developmental quarterback prospect who projects early on as a fine No. 2 or more likely No. 3 quarterback. Coleman has the instincts, understanding of the game, intangibles, and physical tools needed to develop quickly and have a successful pro career. Although he needs a few years of development, I believe that B.J. could compete for a starting job down the road for another team, much like Matt Flynn is doing in Seattle.
I should point out that it's only 35% ABV but it is already spiced so you could use it to make a hot toddy or buttered rum without having to add extra spices.
Effect of termination
In every age there are those who dream of homogenizing the world. It is an ignoble dream. When we honor difference we honor the One who created this diverse, multicolored pageant of a world.
Not that long ago, Y&R had the largest share of market among advertising agencies at about 1.5%. Today five global behemoths control as much as 75 to 80% of advertising in America. Ask people who work for one of these monstrosities and 90% of the time you will hear how dysfunctional, corrupt, and greedy they have become.
In so many socialist tyrannies there seems to be a recurring theme. So many bodies turn up in mass graves that no one killed.
JHET
“Yes dear,” he said, his words emerging as a thin sigh. Then he followed her through the door.
shall burn together for souls to bear
This past Sunday was also the World Day of Prayer for Vocations — it always falls on Brave Shepherd Sunday. And it is a day of prayer, in particular, for vocations to the priesthood. Of course we pray that everyone can be faithfully successful in finding his or her vocation, but we pray especially for an increase in vocations to the priesthood. The priesthood is not one vocation amid many. The vocation to be a priest is the vocation to coordinate the other vocations in the Church, to recognize, to call them forth, to help discern them, and to serve them.
He turned TWENTY SEVEN on Tuesday!!
a run.
Jen Crawford / Ahh - salt / 99
This book explains the importance of sunlight and plants on earth and for humans in a very simple and dynamic way. Specially explains the photosynthesis and the importance of this process to our planet. At the end there is a note section where the process of photosynthesis is explained in a deeper way, showing each step of the process.
It is gritty and I had read in some reviews that people sanded it down but that didn't really make sense to me because if you sand it down then you are sanding down the magnetic particles which makes it not as strong and requires more coats of the same gritty paint. Wow that was a long sentence! It definitely has texture but I don't mind.
Akasha showed up with this beautiful piece I recognized because we had talked to the guy selling them. I was so worried she had taken it, but when I went to ask him, he had just *given* it to her because he said she was fascinated with it and it seemed like she was supposed to have it. I did give him some money for it, but I tell you, again, what an amazing group of folk!
I love this verse, not because it talks about the peace that surpasses all understanding, but that this peace will guard my heart and my mind. It’s on those levels that I make my daily decisions. And, it is those decisions that expose what I really believe about God and His character.
Few people care about chaparral, even those who espouse a concern for California's wild places. It is an un-loved plant community. Few know its signature plants - I was shocked recently when a board member of the Ojai Valley Land Conservancy did not recognize ceonothus or for that matter the only slightly less common fuchsia-flowered gooseberry (Ribes speciosum). But take the trouble to get to know the dozen or so signature plants of the chaparral and the rewards are immense.
Yesterday, the Urbanophile tweeted links to a Detroit Free Press article about the vast open spaces in that city, and a Chicagoist post about similar developments on a smaller scale in Chicago's South Side. My reply was simple: both places have been bypassed. They're no longer at any kind of pivot point on the way to anywhere. They no longer have access to anything useful. So why would anyone want to live or make anything there?
AFC West:
Paper: Pumpkin Pie, Simply Chartreuse, Pool Party, White
I know. I sound like a lunatic. I sound like a conspiracy theorist. I sound like I am wearing a tinfoil hat. Therefore, I leave you with the astounding proof below. God help us all. Americans, please wake up. Before we are forced into violent rebellion. Of this, I am sure: no red-blooded American would agree with this. But the news is fully controlled and the only way to know about these laws is via the blogging community on the Internet. And it is being taken over as I write. Act now. Stop the passage of the Cybersecurity laws being voted on in the House & Senate today. Call your senators while you still can, my friends. call now.
Here’s to You –
If anyone looking for a kind of huat koh (发糕) lookalike but doesnt taste like huat koh, then maybe you would like to try this. It's a nice recipe, original recipe uses pumpkin but i replaced it with sweet potatoes. Now the best thing about this recipe is not that it blossoms and rises so well, it is the smiling cracks that greet you upon opening the lid of the steamer. Dont you like it when you see those cakes smiling back at you? You need not make a cut across the dough to get the crack and it's good to eat too. Sweet and not like some traditional huat kohs, where some tasted quite yeasty. Try it.
I stayed at home for 12 years when my kids were little, but I have never worked harder in my life that when I was a stay-at-home mom. I have worked outside the home most of the time since my youngest started 4th grade. I am a Realtor and my hours are somewhat flexible - it works perfectly for me!
I picked this demo tape up in a trade recently knowing absolutely nothing about the band. I have been unable to find any info about Bad Omen on the internet, however I have determined from the phone number in the tape that Bad Omen were most likely from Queens/Long Island NY. I have no idea how old this demo is but I am assuming late 80's early 90's. If anyone has any info about Bad Omen please leave a comment.
but in real life, it's cool.
Winter is coming
Bosskut Gazelle.
I’ve had the good fortune of getting to know Jeryl personally (in fact, we’re going to do a joint reading at Posman Books, Chelsea Market, on April 11 – please join us!). She’s one of the warmest, most wonderful New Yorkers you could hope to know (which made it easier to curb my envy for her fantastic book). To wit, she took the time to thoughtfully respond to some questions about her book and her own New York passions. I hope you enjoy the read as much as I did.
Mr Eskinder is “that bravest and most admirable of writers, one who picked up his pen to write things that he knew would surely put him at grave risk”, said Peter Godwin, president of the Pen American Center.
Ken Poole, Cardiff council's head of economic development, said: "Doctor Who is a global brand and is something that has really helped boost the profile of Cardiff internationally.
5. Add turmeric powder,chilly powder ,salt as per taste .
My parents arrived on Saturday evening...which poor them, what a crazy day! Their first flight left at 12ish, so they tried to eat a quick lunch before boarding, but apparently both ended up with crappy food. On the airplane they got pretzels. They had a 45 mins stop in Tampa, but really weren't supposed to get off the plane...so by the time they got to PR at 7:30, they were starved. Papa and the kids dropped me off at the airport to meet them outside baggage claim. That all went smooth...until we went to to the bus pick up line for the rental car....an hour later, the bus finally came. Every other company had numerous busses passing through...not ours. I won't name names, but let's say they weren't very good at "picking us up". Once we got there, we met Papa and the kids there. Everyone was so excited to see each other! Papa and Grandpa waited in line to get the 15 passenger van we'd reserved. It took another hour to get the van......to the lot. They hadn't brought it over, it was not ready. After they got it to the lot, they had to inspect it, wash it, and then finally turn it over. So by 10:00, we were FINALLY on the road to home....everyone starving!
Hope you had a happy Easter. Happy Peep jousting!
Suddenly, a twig snapped behind the tracker. He whirled, thumbing the safety on his AR-15 as he did so. As he turned, he realized that he was a fraction of a second too late. A short, slender Asian man in a U.N. uniform was pointing a double-barrel shotgun at his head from only a few yards away.
One of our favorite artists, and a very very cool lady too !
I don't know that this has any bearing on policy unless the next congress is overwhelmingly liberal and passes a federal gay marriage bill. Certainly, the president cannot unilaterally legalize gay marriage and our system does allow states to make their laws. But it's not all that different from someone saying in 1963 that it's their personal belief that it should be legal for people of different races to marry but they support the concept of states deciding the issue on their own. "States' rights" has always been used as a shield for bigotry.
02A. European Pale Lager, Bohemian Pilsner All-grain
And the Smyrnians are up against more than just human persecution. The devil is mentioned twice in these four short verses, putting some of the church members into prison for 10 days, and apparently being worshipped by some who call themselves Jews but are not. The term Synagogue of Satan disturbs me. Main point: the devil works through people. Quite actively too, if we take the Bible and this passage at face value. This kind of ancient, reckless evil force, striving to get Christians to fall, attempting to overthrow all that is good is scary, right?
水たまり (Brain To Vain)
Muslims do not assimilate when they are great enough in number to take over. Another study has shown that when Muslims approached 50 percent of a population, the culture changed substantially. When they reached the two-thirds mark, the country became Islamic with Islamic law.
This is one woman’s story. It is not a comprehensive look into the Satmar sect nor into the Orthodox way of life. I think she was raised in a specific circumstance and she is doing what she feels is best for her and her son. Having said that, it is still an interesting peak into what that life might be like for some. I am going to pass this book on to friends and family, 3.5 stars.
Now if I feel like gripping the bars for dear life, I make myself slow down.
“Thanks.” I tried to kick-start my mouth into saying something interesting, but it refused to cooperate and decided it wanted to dry out instead. I suppose it was slightly less embarrassing than drooling over him. In an effort not to stare, I forced my gaze away and fixed it on the front garden next door. There was only a low, brick wall separating my spartan, gravel driveway with Mrs. Felpersham’s garden, but it was like another world over there. She’d crammed it full of blowsy pink flowers, a wooden wishing well and more garden gnomes than you could shake a stick at. Those gnomes always gave me the heebie-jeebies, but at least there were plenty to keep my eyes occupied at times like this.
Some days, a girl just can't catch a break ... especially when the girl in question is Georgina Kincaid, a shape-shifting succubus who gets her energy from seducing men. First there's her relationship with gorgeous bestselling writer Seth Mortensen, which is unsatisfying on a number of levels. It's not just that they can't have sex in case Georgina inadvertently kills him (generally a turn-off for most guys). Lately, even spending time together is a challenge. Seth's obsessed with finishing his latest novel, and Georgina's under demonic orders to mentor the new (and surprisingly inept) succubus on the block.
discloses?
Now this newspaper quoted Ravi Shastri as saying “It will be a miracle if India win this T20 World Cup” and then after Shastri clarified that he never said anything like that, the same newspaper puts up an article which says “Knowing how fiercely patriotic Shastri is, one could sense there was something wrong….His quotes make no mention of an miracle. Some people do have imagination!” —-Now correct me if I am wrong, but didnt the Newspaper mock itself???
I suppose the bigger concern of the moment, and the one I didn’t really see coming, is “what if our kids don’t like each other?” or more accurately for the moment “what if his kids don’t like mine?”
Fire Roasted TOMATO & SAUSAGE Casserole
It is obvious that Paul felt he was in the place of God’s choice, Jerusalem. Again, recounting that this event happened early on, Paul had limited revelation of the Dispensation of the Grace of God.
I always felt safe with Mom. Why are you dead Mom? I mean seriously. Talk about BAD TIMING. When all my friends are calling their mom's to ask them that daily question "How long do I bake the bread for?" "Did you cry for a week when you sent me off to Kindergarten?""How do you get hard water stains off the toilet?" "Did your periods get worse after each child?"....when everyone seems to be going to Mom for help....
These are really tasty, and economical, I simply add a few more potatoes when I'm cooking them for five, rather then four people.
fresh ground pepper to taste
We arrived on Thursday, at the hottest time of day. Setting up camp was a real joy for me, trying to save labor ended up making me have to do some things twice. After we were done with camp, it was kick-back time for a little while before going on an evening run.
Anyone who has had to move, especially in High School or Jr. High, knows that going into the cafeteria is the WORST part of starting a new school... Where are you going to sit?
The result?
(tendon). Gets sweeps, entails complete
My children (now a little older than in the picture) wanted me to say that - while they do also enjoy books with fantastical elements - they really like the books about Rocky because they’re realistic. I’ll go along with that.
Then he did the unthinkable – he issued a challenge – Why not write about that?
This week was a short one for me, yay! I worked just three days and took two days off to come to Houston for errands and to visit M's family for the weekend, so no need to explain how relaxed I feel right now. Here are my favorites for this week:
and persuaded Jess to add last night -
These cookies are those amazing cookies you can buy at the grocery store, they are called Lofthouse Sugar Cookies, not sure if this is the exact recipe, I am just copying, from another copy, but I will say they taste just like them. I made a few different versions and am only posting the one we like the best.
…So I turned 20 a few days back, 2nd December, to be precise.
The researchers speculate that the use of indoor tanning beds is a key culprit in the rising cancer rate in young women.
Willis Gidney isn't your average private eye. For one thing, he was raised in the tender loving care of the Washington, D.C. juvenile justice system. Which is to say, he grew up hard and fast.
Andy Sachs is a thriving writer in New York City, who has big dreams about writing for the New Yorker. When Runway Magazine’s Miranda Priestly needs a new Junior Assistant and Andy gets the job, she realizes this could be the job of a lifetime; Miranda has connections everywhere, and after a year at Runway, she could get her dream job. However, Miranda is also a selfish, no-nonsense bitch who needs everything done perfect. Follow Andy as she tries to do all of the impossible jobs Miranda gives her.
I have my days, and then I have my days. I thought we were on a pretty good roll this week even though we've had some challenges. Sometimes it's very challenging to get him situated and comfortable. Make no mistake - I do love my husband and I do my best to do everything with love and compassion. Sometimes, I have some difficulty keeping my patience.
It needs to be reciprocated. Replenished.
The message came through loud and clear: in 2012 there are still many governments around the world who take the firm stance that human rights are for some but not for all. The walkout was a stark reminder that in many places around the world, LGBT people are still demonized, criminalized, attacked, and even killed for who they are. Seventy-six countries still criminalize being gay, and 10 countries make being gay punishable by death or life imprisonment. And the enemies of equality are on the move. Russia’s second-largest city, Saint Petersburg, just passed a bill that would make it illegal to discuss homosexuality in any way, and parliaments across Africa are entertaining laws that would further penalize, and even execute, gay people.
The road took another dip when many of my Juniors failed to turn in their quarter-long research paper. I felt splintered into shards of disappointment for each of them. How can I want more for them than they seem to want for themselves? My road took me to a place of short patience, and it robbed me of moment-soaking abilities, instead spinning me into guilt, blame, and shame.
I wasn’t asked if I wanted a job, I was told. I didn’t even think to protest. What I did know was that I wasn’t getting an allowance like most of my classmates and that my brothers and I didn’t wear shoes during the summer months off from school because it was too expensive. I would be earning MONEY. I knew that. Up until this time I earned a a nickel here and there running errands to the grocery store for my relatives who lived in the same apartment building we lived in on Washington Avenue in Downingtown. Once in a great while one of my uncle would give me a whole quarter for running an errand to the grocer store. Now as a paper boy I would be earning BIG MONEY….up to $5.00 a week!
Similarly, at this moment in our society the issue of sexism is becoming important to many. Emotional debate is going on as to whether all exclusive sexist language should or can be eliminated from the hymnbook. At such a time, if such persons are part of the worshiping community,
After a while, your brain sees things correctly because it’s our nature to correct things on the fly, especially when we enter a trance mode and are revisiting old information. That’s why teeny revisions suck so bad, because in the end they can lead to a fuck up. Face it, how many times can you read the descriptive for some nauseating piece of fried something before you start speed reading to make sure you get the ad sent by the deadline?
- Line a baking sheet with parchment paper; set aside. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out puff pastry dough to a 17½-by-9½-inch rectangle, about ⅛ inch thick. Using a dry pastry brush, sweep off excess flour. Using a pastry cutter or pizza wheel, trim to a 16-by-8-inch rectangle. Cut out eight 4-inch squares. Place squares on the prepared baking sheet; cover with plastic wrap and chill until firm, at least 1 hour or up to 8 hours. (I used a store-bought puff pastry that was already chilled.)
Twenty-five universities and university colleges, of which 14 private IPTs and 11 public IPTS, were rated very good while four private IPTs were rated good, he told reporters here Monday.
So this was an experiment, but it went pretty well.
It’s not right. Neither were the similar chants during Manchester United’s game today. The Hillsborough tragedy could have happened to any club in the country. It transcends simple club rivalries.
Well that’s enough for now can much more go wrong?
Winners will be announced on her blog on Tuesday!
Brenna has a plan for her life—until she’s stranded for three days with Dillon. Soon, the chemistry sizzling between them forces her to reexamine her priorities. The man is gorgeous, if taciturn, and a true hero in every sense of the word. No woman in her right mind could resist him, and so Brenna doesn’t—even though she can’t stay…
CAMP FREDDY is continuing work on what is expected to eventually be released as the band's debut album. Among the cuts that are set to appear on the effort are "20th Century Boy" (also featuring Steve Jones from THE SEX PISTOLS on lead guitar) and THIN LIZZY's "Jailbreak" (featuring ALICE IN CHAINS guitarist Jerry Cantrell on vocals and Billy Duffy on lead guitar). Other guest musicians include RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS drummer Chad Smith and singer Macy Gray.
Aunt Christine wishes to extend her gratitude to those of you who are sharing her story and continuing to uplift her in prayer!
After we started heading down it started raining again. This time I was wiser and put my rain pants on. But soon the rain stopped an I started swimming in my closes. I couldn’t get any break – either wet inside our wet outside.
6. You're Driving Me Crazy
In reality, the chain of Armenian massacre began in its modern instance in 1878 after the Berlin Conference. It escalated in 1894-96, and occurred again in 1909 (The Burning Tigris, A History of the Armenian Genocide, Pg 156).
Meet Josephine Foster, or Zo Jo as she’s called in the biz. The best pint-sized photographer of them all, Jo doesn’t mind doing what it takes to get that perfect shot, until she’s sent on an undercover assignment to shoot Ned Hartnett—teen superstar and the only celebrity who’s ever been kind to her—at an exclusive rehabilitation retreat in Boston. The money will be enough to pay for Jo’s dream: real photography classes, and maybe even quitting her paparazzi gig for good. Everyone wants to know what Ned’s in for. But Jo certainly doesn’t know what she’s in for: falling in love with Ned was never supposed to be part of her assignment.
The only thing she told me was “be careful.” I felt like I was in a James Bond movie.
3) Reach the youth with a straightforward message that is simple, clear, honest & honorable and promoted via the "new media".
Blurb- When literature student Anastasia Steele is drafted to interview the successful young entrepreneur Christian Grey for her campus magazine, she finds him attractive, enigmatic and intimidating. Convinced their meeting went badly, she tries to put Grey out of her mind - until he happens to turn up at the out-of-town hardware store where she works part-time.
I've been in charge for feeding the whole family for the past month because my nephew's and niece's grandma who usually cooks for us, she went back to Indo for a few months. So technically, I was half-mom, sometimes playing the role of a full-time mom these days, that includes taking care of the baby, cook for the whole family and making sure they're well-fed, cleaning up, bathe them, etc on top of my full-time job. So my poor niece and nephew now have to eat dinner at 9-9:30pm because by the time I got home at 8pm from work, I need to start cooking and cleaning up.
3) As translator of your book I had to do a bit of research before starting to work on the text and I believe a book, when is well written like in this case, has the power of pushing the reader to find out and discover a lot of information he didn’t know or care about before. How important was research for Devil’s Kiss – or any other book you wrote or are about to write?
Coming home will require leadership. But post-exile leadership needs a clear focus on our identity and purpose — who are we and why are we here? What are our core values and related central beliefs? Does our polity actually support and illuminate our doctrine? Do we have a grasp of our theological task? Are we aligned with our Social Principles and are our principles relevant? Can we make the practice of the means of grace — at the very least the basics — prayer, study, service, accountability and celebration of the sacraments — central to our common life? Can we let go of the things that divide us long enough to rally around Christ? We don’t need more foot-shuffling, waffling, hemming, hawing, embarrassed awkward pauses, superficial rhetoric to remind us that we are in the wrong place at the wrong time. But we’re not dead, we’re simply lost. We don’t need resurrection (yet), but reform, renewal, restoration and a return to what we do best.
Professor: Evil is everywhere, isn’t it ? And GOD did make everything. Correct?
Hello Family,
I suppose this entry is a good time to apologize to any of you who interpreted the name of my blog to mean that the "Art" is my photography (something my husband pointed out to me after I had already named my blog) - by now you surely know it is not. The "Art" refers to something apparently lost over the many years - how to use real, readily available ingredients to produce edible and delicious results. How many times have we grabbed mixes and packets and and stirred a few other premixed items into it and called it food? It's easy, and it sure does taste great, so what's the harm?
The politicians we elect to represent us have lied and failed, putting their own agenda and that of the businesses they will consult for (Blair, JP Morgan etc etc) first. We contract with them to govern us as we want to be govern, we give them the mandate. But the contract has been broken. 1998 saw the introduction of the Human Rights Act. 2001 saw the beginning of a concerted effort to derogate those rights in a Schmittian state of exception. So we can vote them out and everything will be better, right? Wrong. Following the Belmarsh case the Tories openly condemned the courts with accusations of judicial activism, as did Herr Blair. Gordon Brown promised a written (his choice of words) constitution but now won’t even hold an election until he is obliged to (constitutionally).
But what about the imperfect character who’s admitted to cheating to get ahead—can he win the biggest challenge in his life without resorting to cheating again? Will those around him let him forget what he’s done before and pull for him or will they always stand against him, no matter how honest he now is? Can a rude or belligerent character change enough to get other characters on his side when it counts?
-Among the more than 6,000 volunteers on race day are medical workers at the 38 aid stations. They will have on hand 11,410 pounds of ice, 13,475 bandages, 57,059 salt packages and 390 tubs of Vaseline.
It is one thing to sell records locally. One can sometimes get small record stores to take small quantities on consignment. Getting the records outside your own area code is not easy now, and back then it was all uphill. Small distributors who would take a chance on a small label would often not have the money to pay the label what they owned because they, too, were getting shorted by the people they were selling to. Like many small labels, Dischord was and still is a lot of work, but twenty years down the road it keeps going strong. Countless labels with larger budgets have done less, had less impact and disappeared in the same time. You might ask how Dischord does it. I think it's down to the music and the people behind it. At all great labels like Dischord, (Chicago's Touch and Go Records comes to mind) there are great people at every level from the bands on down the line. Music over marketing, content over profit, ethic over strategy.
Ken decides to explore his own purpose through volunteering and traveling, voluntouring, starting with renovating homes in New Orleans. Each of Ken’s destinations has a new location with a new culture and a new opportunity: teaching English in Costa Rica; assisting disabled students in China; researching natural science in Ecuador; providing moral support (along with a little farming) in Palestine; and working with orphans in Kenya.
Co-Chair, AJC Seattle Jewish Film Festival
I won't be gone long....
Almost 200 members of the BNP were warmly greeted by the True Brits of Liverpool when they met up, held their protest and then led by Nick Griffin, Richard Barnbrook and Simon Darby marched to St George's Hall.
As you can see in the pictures there were some traffic outside her house. I first thought it could be her house, turned out to be the house next to it. I really don’t know how all that turned out, but like half an hour later they were gone. Esteff is one of the girls that is scrapbooking, in a way I’d like to do it too. But it costs a lot to do it well and I really feel like I can use that money elsewhere. And also I have my facebook album and blog, so I can remember what I did. I’m thinking I’ll do something to sum up my year by the time I get back. Then I’ll know what meant the most. Malin then came over, she lives like two houses down (they’re so lucky!) and we went to Starbucks. Since it was Sunday I thought I could spice it up a little with a coffee cake with whipped cream. You see the result, haha! When we got back Malin went to the gym and we started watching Easy A. That Esteff had never watched. It’s sooooo good! I can watch it thousand times!
In “Feet in Smoke,” a jaw-dropping essay about his brother getting electrocuted and the alternate reality he consequently inhabited for a time, Sullivan gives us the notes he took while his brother was hospitalized.
So say cheerio, and thank you for following me, I have a freebie for you. Darling little Pounce
Besides the obvious, Mr. Borker’s arc from successful retailer to jailbird is illustrative for companies who want to protect their intellectual property online. For all its benefits, the Internet is still something akin to the “Wild, Wild West.” Mr. Borker was only caught because The New York Times publicized his company. However, when a business owner struggles to protect its intellectual property online, usually a major media outlet will not be doing their bidding.
We'll see what happens, but that's not the point. The point is that I needed a kick in the pants. It was a soft kick in the pants, but that's exactly what I needed to get started. No one else can force us to write, or query, or edit. We have to make the decision to do our own work, but having someone support us is definitely a huge help.
Coordinating 12x12 Cardstock (1 sheet each)
From time to time, I like to write about historical places in Singapore. It takes a bit of time to research and photograph these places. So for today, here is a focus on Fullerton Hotel, one of the historical building in Singapore. By the way, I am not affliated or an employee of the hotel.
I cleaned for about an hour and a half. Since the vacuum broke last week, I've been really slacking on the house. There seems no point in picking up toys and random crap when you can't even vacuum afterwards.
undiscovered land, but did not
Here's some bric-a-brac (American spelling):
Genre: History/Fiction
It's finally 2012. Thank goodness. I have to admit that as soon as the last millisecond of 2011 was gone, I immediately felt rejuvenated. The last several months of 2011 were full both of awesomeness and stress, though stress seemed to overshadow anything else for the most part, so it's good to put it that all behind me and start fresh. And that's exactly what I intend to do.
Each and every one of those (now more than a) million people is warmly encouraged to go read something else that Agent Irvine wrote. Set up some long Flight Deck missions and settle in with a good book or comic.
Speaking of the upper decks, the kit had raised detail to represent the wood decking. Ugh. I had to shave it all down very carefully because each “wood” section got the home-made decal treatment. The kit’s railings were also very lack luster and THICK. I spent a good deal of time shaving those off to make room for the gorgeous photo etch pieces of railings.
Ah well, despite a huge bag of mixed emotions at my baby getting into double-digits, I'm looking forward to having a good weekend with him. Tomorrow we are going out to get his pressie - he wants more Skylanders and Lego. I am considering encouraging him in the direction of a craft shop to ease my pain at being dragged around Toys R Us, while trying to persuade the small one that it's not his birthday, and therefore he can't have anything (can you see an epic fail in the making here???). Other than that his plans are to go somewhere for lunch (I have vetoed KFC and Maccie D's). No party this year, my nerves can't cope with a horde of 9 and 10 year olds in my house, and my wallet can't cope with taking same number to the cinema, especially as you look like a right tight moo when you don't let them get drinks and sweets from the concessions and smuggle in store bought stuff in your biggest possible handbag... and guaranteed a lid has come loose on one of the drinks and you have to act all nonchalant walking past the ticket person while knowing that your handbag is dripping and your phone now needs putting in a dehumidifier :-D. Not that anything like that has ever happened to me... oh no :-D
Soulstice is my new favourite find. I only have this colour, Monterey, but as soon as my credit card rolls over into the next billing period (I went a little nuts this month with Kate Spade and Marc Jacobs...) I will be placing another order. The white is, you guessed it, Sally Hansen - White On.
I'm so impressed by some of my blogging friends that I wonder if I'm not some kind of dullard. I suppose I am. One of the things that separates them from me is their optimism and their positive attitude. They seem to have no worries in the world. And I wonder why I'm not like that.
Today was the first day, and they said they would be out every weekend. (Cheffie’s, you picked the right guy to be outside today on the Greenline. Friendly, smiling staff are worth their weight in gold.) Nice for a local business to give out water and juice along the Greenline. I still have to wonder why other local businesses and charities have yet to occupy the corners of the Greenline intersections. Several hundred people walk, run or ride by these intersections daily, especially on the weekend. This is a great way to advertise your business.
“The energy reserves the caterpillars collect in the summer need to provide enough energy for both overwintering and metamorphosing into a butterfly in the spring,” Caroline William, lead author of the study, said.
I realize I put up a good front. My skill in deception in that can not be met.
Since the first day of Spring is right around the corner I have been thinking of all the new baby animals that will be born and so now I want to see ANIMALS on your cards. The random winner will get 3 images of their choice from Karen's Doodles. We will also pick our top 3 to get a special badge for their blog.
Wash potatoes, prick each one with a fork several times. Place potatoes on folded paper towel, and wrap it lightly arou d potatoes. Microwave for 10 minutes.
Event Deadline: 15 January 2012
Update savings list from couponing.
Best supporting actress award now! I want Amy Adams to win, but it will probably be Melissa Leo.
Pro: Social media all the way!
Four Teenagers. One Destroyed City. Thousands of Infected Predators.
5- Put another piece of freezer paper in the middle of your onesie to protect it from any leaks. Now get painting! I use a dry foam brush and paint on very thin coats until I get the desired color/coverage. Let your paint completely dry. Once it is dry, heat set your paint by turning the onesie inside out and placing a cloth on top and iron as usual.
Specifically, claim 1 of the disputed patent (the '862 patent) recites:
I want to open my furniture business, or become a landlord of a property. Or hell, delivering stuff might be a fun change!
97. Ah.....am I really already struggling?? No..JK...I am just thinking about how awesome GLEE was this week. Yes, it was all about Madonna!! (Did you watch?? ...well, you are missin' out!)
By the time September 1st rolls around, the offspring will be gone to university. Lot of stuff needs to happen though, before that happens.
Well, let's hand it to Magic Hat for coming up with one of the worst names for a beer of all time. The Hex part is fine but the Ourtoberfest part of it is so damn lame that I am embarrassed for them and the guy whose girlfriend got to name it because she's banging a boss. It's almost as pratfall-ish as my vertical pour but until I grow another arm (which isn't my wang) and it can handle pouring duties my laziness will outrank my setup abilities. Laziness is the goal here anyway you pricks. The beer is run of the mill quality okt-o-slosh with a hempy aptitude. A little too grassy for my sweet tart ways but I'd rather drink this than a pint of penguin piss any day, brother man.
PTI - Dark Chocolate, Blueberry Sky and Vintage Cream Cardstock
It is time to go beyond rallies and meetings. It is time for ALL liberty-minded groups to stop focusing on which federal candidate is the lesser of two evils, and to start focusing on strategies that will make North Carolina a sovereign state again.
*Disclaimer- I received the mention products for review purposes, and was sent a pair of Braided Dangle Earrings to provide to my winner of the giveaway. In no way did this alter my opinion of their products, all opinions expressed are mine and one hundred percent honest and true, your opinion may differ.*
So I had to combine two of my loves into something special. I decided to make Emily a non traditional graduation card. I decided to first take the beautifull saying from The G45 Kraft Reflections Collection "Quote...Unquote" #4500474 and distressed the edges with Chesnut. I then went ahead and Used core'dinations Tim Holtz Kraft_Core Nostalgic Collection to 4 1/4x 5 1/2" to emboss and then sand:
I think it's time I let you in on a little secret: there are bloggers that plan their posts, recipes, and themes weeks, and even months in advance. There are bloggers that write posts by the dozen, that cook, bake, and create according to a predetermined schedule. I am not one of those bloggers.
For me I personally thinks that this movie is suitable for all audience, and of course some action scene in this movie must warn some kids that "please do not try this at home" too! My personal rating was 9/10, what is not perfect is the movie can be longer and some scene got cut off without realizing it. Still remembering the Old Lady Assassin inside the movie keep on haunting Johnny English until the end the movie, her weapon and equipment was far more awesome than Johnny English.
Those who are warped by the grace of God get this, sort of. These are the ones who come before God singing ‘nothing in my hands I bring simply to the cross I cling.’ They recognize that they are broke, broken, and full of brokenness. They recognize that before God they are empty and need everything. These ones fall on their faces saying, “God what do you have for me?”
-I decline the invitation-
Dr. Seuss' The Cat in the Hat ... ABC Family ... 9 AM
We all have to have an AH HA moment to wake us up. Mine came in the form of a water park we visited in Wisconsin over Christmas Break. Tim and I were going on a ride that you had to step on a scale before boarding your raft. We easily made the weight but still I saw what Tim and I weighed together and I looked at Tim and said “Man I hope you gained some weight” I mentally figured out how much I had gained since my last encounter with scale.
I mentioned previously that I had two weeks off for the holiday season. One full week plus down and less than a full week to go. The past week has been hell. H. E. L. L. And not only because of the aforementioned Christmas marathon, but because my brain went into overdrive and started coming up with stupid thoughts about the relationship I left behind nearly seven and a half months ago.
The League of Women Voters is strictly nonpartisan and proudly political, working through 900 state and local Leagues to advocate policy and make democracy work for all citizens. What a refreshing concept!!
Volume 145,000 cu feet
The property does not currently have a swimming pool or tennis court but iffin we had the deep pockets of Mister Reynold it soon would.
Unless a situation smelled of danger, I always went to the door. This passenger might be someone who needs my assistance, I reasoned to myself.
When can I accept that "I am that I am"? How will I learn to love myself deeply and actually, so that I am not crying out loud that I am not a poet on the winds of William Blake, that I'm not and probably never will be in the Ivy League, that I'm not a calloused and wise man of the streets but middle-class and white-bread through and through.
*Luscious Lupulin IPA
I ran into a good and Godly friend Saturday night at a Southern Gospel concert at her church. We got talking about music and I recommended she listen to Fernando Ortega and Sons of Korah
This prompt was harder than I thought it would be. After I posted the prompt I realized I have never written a book review before. I am just going to warn you it will not be the best book review in the world. Here it is:
-bake your own cupcakes using my favourite vanilla bean cupcake recipe
Under the proposed rules, a person is not eligible for long term care coverage of the person’s equity in homestead property exceeds $500,000. The federal law allows equity of up to $750,000.
We were supposed to have a barbeque, but the wind might keep that from happening. Which, in a way, isn’t too bad because I wouldn’t be able to attend anyway because of an issue that I don’t need to discuss. And no, it’s nothing personal between me and anyone that lives here – we’re a great lot of friends – it’s something else.
A group of caring and motivated people here on the sunny Gold Coast organised a fashion show to raise funds to assist in the rebuilding stage for the victims of this terrible event. Established and emerging local designers teamed with stunning models, make up artists and the wonderful crew at The Temple Lounge Bar, to create an evening of swirling colour, music and performances of traditional Japanese dance. The clothing was simply fantastic, great colours, fabrics with texture and luminance and new, innovative cuts.
Where every day’s a Saturday.
We had this for dinner last Sunday night served with char grilled asparagus and some cherry tomatoes. It was OK, not as special as I had hoped for but not a disaster either. We would probably have this again but next time I would rather that the tomato sauce was a wee bit thicker so it could be served alongside the chicken, the vast majority of the sauce remained in the pot and was ultimately wasted because it was far too soupy to serve on a plate. A shame but with a few tweaks here and there it has some potential ;0)
Our prices are very competitive and this & makes us an ideal place to buy your card making supplies online. Some of our new products include Petaloo flower layers, Ranger Glitter Glue and Martha Stewart Punches.http://onestopcraftchallenge.blogspot.com/
The theory sais that a human being always is on one of the stages and always strives to sustain the current stage and to maybe climb the next stage. But he/she will not care too much about the stages further up.
Postcards of Workers, circa 1915
A friend once told me about how she lost a lot of weight after overhearing a colleague make fun of her large size. At her new lower weight she experienced a surge in energy and a elevation of mood and she was able to accomplish more and feel happier as a result. However, she soon began hearing snide remarks about how she probably had an eating disorder. She later became pregnant and gained much of the weight back. The same people who had whispered about her supposed eating disorder then shifted their gossip to how much weight she had gained and how she was now too heavy. There will always be people who are jealous and who seek to cut off other people in their personal progressions, for whatever reason they may have that enables them to enjoy spreading misery. We cannot allow ourselves to be swayed by the opinions of others, as they rarely ever serve to our benefit.
My Medicare will become active again. I'm going to every kind of doctor I can in the next few months. LOL
She pushed herself backwards from her chair as the thing that used to be her husband shed its human skin and sat in front of her in a quivering red mass of blob like tissue with many more tentacles whipping around its obscene body.
“Having been around since Genghis Kahn invented the USP, I’ve worked on both sides of the pond on thousands of accounts at hundreds of BDA’s, and fortunately a couple of little, tasty ones. Consequently, I’ve seen millions of ads. The vast majority were shit. Here are three that truly stand out.
Dying a little bit each day.
Peter Markle (Wagons East)
Colonel Khrys pulled his steed next to Commander Luk’s. He was a unique fellow; some said he was quiet, others claimed he was personable, and some even labeled him goofy and obnoxious. He kept short brown hair and his beady, gray eyes were like lasers, always catching the slightest inconsistency in the air or in someone’s movements. He held a close friendship with Commander Luk. “What do you expect will happen once we cross the Frayed Bridge?”
In 11 days, I'll be leaving on another "one in a lifetime opportunity" trip. I believe this is at least the third one of those. This time, I'm going to AFRICA! On the itinerary is Malawi, Zambia, Ethiopia, and hopefully Mozambique and South Africa. I'm 27, and I have a goal to go to 30 countries by thirty. I have 5 more to go, and I just might make that goal this summer!
Straub commented on this in a 1968 interview with Filmkritik magazine:
Me: Type? Color? Uh...uh. Well, ummm, the lights at the school are those orange hideous lights that change all the colors, so ummm I'm not sure what color they are. Maybe gold for the SUV and faded red for the little pick up truck.
The main elements in the wine to take into account were oak, fruit, tannin and acidity and I did not know how they would interact with the food.
Clearly, this is a way for Chase to entice you into using their card. But if you’re like me and very careful, you can actually use the program to your benefit. Both my wife and I use our Freedom card to pay for our purchases, such as gas, groceries, eating out, etc. We make sure never to go over for that month in terms of how much we have in our bank account for spending purposes. At the end of the month, we pay the full balance and start over. It’s quick, easy, and we’re making money! And don’t forget that there may be services that you’re paying with your bank account that you can pay with your credit card for free. For example, we pay our cable bill, cell phone bill, and car insurance with our credit card. Those are some big bills that can help you get extra points.
Devil Dancer Triple Ipa
All Christians must remember that God provides the platform and if we consistently misuse the opportunities, they’ll be given to someone else. Plain and simple, it’s arrogant, selfish, and prideful when we fail to recognize the One who has made us new.
Level 22: MP Cost: 65, Damage: 256%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 6 times, 32% chance to stun the enemy for 6 seconds.
I have spent some time trying to decide what I was going to do. at one point I wanted to be done with blogging all together. I've thought about that before. then I wanted to start a new blog and delete this one. then I wanted to just get everything going again. --- I settled on a compromise. I went through all of my posts and kept the ones I really like. I have been working on uploading photos to those posts again. I may have to delete a few more though because I can't find the original photos.
Today I salute her and her bundle of joy (and her hero husband too). I will be thinking of you and your fam all snuggled up in the mountains. And we will visit soon and the Kiwi will try to teach us to ski. It's going to be epic. I luvs you, friend.
Everyone on the Carnegie Library staff–from the clerks who shelve your books all the way up to the lady at the helm–has had a chance to read the community feedback and work together in small groups to generate ideas of their own. We’ve had more meetings than you can shake a very large stick at, and a healthy dose of brown-bag lunch conversations to boot. All that togetherness gave us a chance to shape your feedback into a vision of the library’s future that you will now have an opportunity to comment on.
She then lists just a few goals - not resolutions, but ATTAINABLE GOALS. I stress attainable because if not, then what's the point? So here are mine...
Future grandchild….What did you look like young grandma!!
Beeld learned that several pupils and teachers left for home earlier out of fear for their safety. Some pupils are too afraid to return to school today, after protestors threatened to burn down the school.
Next up in the culture wars - roast parsnips v green bean casserole.
The band is finishing up the last few dates of their six week tour run and is available for interviews. Please feel free to contact me to set up one or if you post the new item (please include a link).
So I know these strawberries don't look so sensual. What's going on there? Don't knock it until you try it.
- Drove to Arlington to enjoy Six Flags only to find that it was closed. They changed their operating hours only a few days before we went. Hateful. More on that trip here.
Scratch got nothing on your soul
Commercial preparations of sweet clover are available as dried crushed herb, as ointments, and as suppositories.
The powers in Western societies on both sides of the Atlantic lies in the hands of the super rich investors; and both governments and banks are actually mere tools of wealth further accumulation and protection.
When I wrote my new novel, Merlyn’s Raven, I remembered those moments of intense young love and used them to tell the story. My heroine, Gwendydd, falls head-over-heels for Myrddin, the handsome druid’s apprentice who is forbidden to her. She must risk her household, her reputation, and eventually her life to win his heart, but these are sacrifices she makes willingly, giving herself over fully to the rapturous magic that true love weaves. In Merlyn’s Raven, love is timeless, mysterious, and dangerous, just like the dark age and land in which it’s set. I hope you’ll all come along for the adventure and share in Gwendydd’s and Myrddin’s story.
our redeemer you are named forever.
Just a quick update to tell you about my new blog – Read it and Eat. I came upon this idea via the realisation that pretty much all of my favourite recipes come with a tale or two, on how they came to me. The idea is to share with you lots of yummy things and hopefully provide a little entertainment at the same time.
I fall in love
So we need to spiff things back up! But a little elbow grease into those dusty areas. Spruce it up a notch or two. Maybe put in a nice potted plant to balance the room. Feng Shui if you will. How about a bonsai tree?
Whew! It's time to dust off the cobwebs around here. We've had a busy summer and I took some time to focus on my family, friends, and home. I'm excited to get back to blogging again, especially with fall just around the corner and a new season of Glee and Glee Cupcakes!
Kick a Ball
Gently knead the dough for about a minute.
Gunnlaug answers, “What I thought well befitting, that thou shouldst bid no prayers against me, but pray well for thyself rather.”
The 2009 head shot of Wisława Szymborska, above, magnetizes me. The face was on loan to her for a lifetime, evolving with age, yet momentary as a sunrise. It is now just a memory, a hint of earth on a bronze brow, eyes brown stones embedded in the palest rose sky, cheeks hill pastures in the morning sun, a trace of lipstick on an upwinged smile about to fly.
For a person who prefers her social calendar being empty rather than make plans in advance I actually have the next few weekends booked out as much as I’ll let them get. If I think about this it makes me exceptionally anxious and gives me the urge to change my number and lock myself in the house.
Moon smiled widely.
If you enjoyed this I may continue their story when the RFW prompt allows. After all, I'd like to know who moves where. Does Trevor leave the Texas Rangers for love? Or does Isadora do what women have always done traditionally? Update: We have found a place to live. This means I'm super busy and equally tired. I may lose the internet. I have Monday's post scheduled. I'll do my best to visit you all. Thanks for understanding. Nancy
Well, I noticed that the Sidekicks were already well organized on the display shelf, that they had their own little display cardboard box. And because they were on sale and flying off the shelf there were a few empty ones. And BAM, moment of genius, I could just take those cardboard boxes home with me! And I did!
Governor Rick Snyder and Attorney General Bill Schuette put their opposition of the proposed Lansing casino in writing Monday. Their letter was addressed to the chairman of the Sault Saint Marie tribe of Chippewa Indians.
Which is exactly why you see what is here, unfolding before ye.
So you've been turned down again, and again,
He later testified that Van Gund assaulted them then ordered them to run, before firing several shots at them.
The Sixth Sense
So when Caleb turned those beautiful eyes up at me and asked about Samuel's casket, I burst into tears. I put my face in my hands and sobbed. The boys haven't seen me do that since October, probably. Though they've certainly seen their fair share of tears and crying, they haven't witnessed much full-out sobbing. When I collected myself enough to look up, I saw that Caleb was absolutely on the verge of breaking down. Bryan said, "Caleb, I can see you're feeling really sad. It's ok to feel sad and to cry," and with that Caleb burst into deep sobs. I pulled him into my lap and held him while he cried and cried. After awhile I wiped away his tears, and we told him, "Caleb, honey, you didn't do anything wrong by asking about Samuel. And it's ok to cry. In fact, Mommy and Daddy love when you ask about Samuel and talk about him. And we need to cry sometimes. If our tears don't come out, then all the sad feelings come out a different way. Sometimes they come out as frustration or maybe yelling or maybe being impatient, and those aren't what we want. It's good to get our sad feelings out in tears." Caleb said, "Miss Judy told me about that." He remembered talking to our grief counselor about how important it is to cry, and he seemed comforted by us talking about it as a family. In some ways, Bryan and I both felt grateful for the chance to be with Caleb in his grief and by the opportunity to show both boys ours. We want them to know that we continue to miss their baby brother, and we want them to feel comfortable talking about him and missing him too. It was a precious time as a family, even if our dinner was growing cold in front of us and even if it meant lots of tears. I am grateful for the chances to be sad together as well as happy.
Thankfully for me life keeps on coming, and in time I got over this and I am now able to dive head first into all of the emotions the human experience has to offer. What I didn't understand when I was younger is that joy's opposite is actually an access to the very things I was seeking. In deflecting sorrow I was also deeply hindering my experience of joy.
But when Paul installed the body soap and shampoo dispensers and purchased an inventory of those products that would last us one thousand Silkwood showers I knew the soap dish would soon be history. And with the soap dish gone the tub would reveal a pock mark too great for Paul to ignore.
As a common courtesy, you should at the very minimum have the guts to speak to the person that you don’t think is doing a good job. But if you don’t have the guts to do so, courtesy dictates that you don’t speak poorly of the physician in front of their patients. Or at the very minimum, make sure that you have evidence. Speaking poorly of people does not make you appear better.
your heart
When the Girls Are Rocking by The 99ers
If the cabana and/or umbrella is just too much of a stripe commitment for you, you should just consider a few stripe paper lanterns instead. Start small and work your way up to big and bold.
The buffet experience at Seasons last Sunday night was so disappointing that at first, I could not bear to not write about it. The images from other blogs on the internet show how much the quality has degraded over the past few months. You represent the hotel, and should have exerted a bit more effort. I feel tired just thinking about it.
Min 1: “Did my post suck today? It’s been a minute and there is only one “like”. Maybe it sucked.”
4. Develop a list of keywords and phrases
Have fun making your own embellishments.
An unwilling participant
Well have a wonderful week. I hope to be creating more soon. Until next time...have fun and make every moment count!
* 3/4 oz. fresh squeezed lemon juice
Then He tells the crowd, “It has been written in the prophets, ‘And all will be taught by God; (Isaiah 54:13) everyone who has heard and learned from the Father comes to Me. Not that anyone has seen the Father, except the One Who was with God, He has seen the Father. Most assuredly, I say to you, the one who believes has eternal life. I AM that Bread of Life.”
Grow in us the faith that we are who You have made us
- i read more non-law school books than i can count. ahhh, how i missed reading for enjoyment. scarpetta, by patricia cornwell, the lincoln lawyer by michael connelly, and the mockingjay by suzanne collins were probably my top three that i read.
They point out many things that are not ideal in the world and it is certainly true that many things are not ideal -- but what those things are depends on your ideals. I for instance know someone who said that AIDS made him believe in God. He said: "Something that just kills homos, blacks and druggies! What more could you ask?"
I... am kind of speechless right now. I have no idea what to say, because I don't think I'm going to be able to express just how much I loved this book. Of course, this review isn't going to be helpful at all. I'm a failure of a reviewer, I know, I know.
(I'm taking suggestions.)
He was instrumental in developing the neutral theory of population genetics, which worked out the consequences of genetic variants (“neutral mutations”) that had identical fitness, and whose fate in populations was thus determined by stochastic effects alone. But he was also a genetics polymath, doing seminal work on inbreeding, medical genetics and the estimation of mutation rates, and the evolution of sex.
City lead Manchester United by a better goal difference of eight with two games remaining meaning that if they defeat Newcastle United on Sunday and the champions lose to Swansea City later that day the title is all but theirs. Read More
Under this definition, Afrobeats is a secular genre – so it seems that there are a number of people who may need to get their heads around this fact. That said, my friend and R would quite likely point out that deep down, many people in this community would not need to read a post such as this in order to know that. Some may never have thought about it – especially when the language is a mixture of Yoruba and English and they may have failed to grasp the nature of the lyrics. However, others have made a choice.
Had you asked me a couple of years ago about the prospect of a college football super division, I would have said something like that would be a long way off. Now, I’m thinking it’s a whole lot closer than expected. Interesting times, indeed.
low-fat cheddar (cubed)
ACHIEVING GREAT STYLE IS NOT JUST ABOUT CURRENT FASHION TRENDS.RATHER,IT’S ALL ABOUT CHOOSING WISELY.MEANING,FOLLOWING THE FASHION THAT WORKS WELL TO YOUR BODY’S ADVANTAGE,CHOOSING COLORS THAT MAKES YOUR SKIN GLOW, INCORPORATING YOUR PERSONALITY AND LIFESTYLE INTO YOUR LOOK TO MAKE YOU UNIQUE,IN OTHER WORDS,CUSTOMIZING THE LOOK AND OWNING IT .IN THE WORDS OF EDNA WOOLMAN CHASE,”FASHION CAN BE BOUGHT.STYLE,ONE MUST POSSESS.”
Any advice? I have been periodically pushing on my belly and sometimes I feel him squirming a bit and moving lightly - no clear kicks or anything but he definitely adjusts a little. The reaction is not always immediate but I am assuming that it coincides with my pushing and prodding. Soon after, though, the pressure returns.
Or a tractor race, for that matter.
It works just like heroes 3, the ground rules are the same, only this game is extraordinarily beautiful down to the last detail.
The final layer has been created inside the start screen movie clip symbol.
Self-publishing a book is not cheap. A writer may pay more than U.S.$1,000 to write, edit, and publish a book (excluding marketing expenses). It costs hundreds of dollars, if not more, to hire a professional editor to polish a manuscript and a designer to create a book cover. An e-book cover can cost as much as U.S.$100; a print version more than $200. The writer will need to purchase an ISBN from W.W. Bowker for each book medium and copyright it. Although Kindle Digital Publishing, Barnes & Noble, and Smashwords publish and distribute e-books for free, publishers usually charge for premium services such as expanded distribution and print-on-demand. Marketing expenses vary. If a writer is good at using social media, they may pay nothing to advertise. Some pay thousands of dollars to hire professional marketers. Those looking to hire an agent and publish through a traditional publishing house should expect to spend money to pitch their book.
Many of you will be dealing with old issues related to taxes, debt, insurance matters, or anything to do with inheritances and jointly held property. Another issue that could be on the table is the challenge of dealing with other people's values, especially when you completely don't agree with them! ("What can they be thinking?") You have a modern, egalitarian view of the world. Sometimes you're amazed and even horrified to see how stuck in the mud other people are. (Whaat?) I suggest you use this time to your advantage to clear up loose details with shared property, inheritances, taxes, and debt. Instead of being stalled in the water, rev that Mercury engine, and go places!
"Climate change is a religion for them, so there was no way they were going to miss this," said one GOP aide of the huge contingent of Democratic representatives and senators who boarded Air Force and commercial jets for Copenhagen. "This is their Hajj."
She prophesised that, late or soon,
But this being when I was a kid, I had to remind myself of the basics. With the use of You Tube of course! Here is a fab video which explains Casting On with one neddle really slowly and simply - too many of the videos do it way too quickly and my little brain could never cope with them! But this is a good one.
In notepad++ which is column edit support, and column paste as well.
Using the enthusiasm and vitality of discovery’s potentiality
I’ve been coming back to a few passages I’d written about my mom. Reading me stories (thinking back, that’s probably what got me started writing in the first place, all the nights she read me to sleep), like that rhyming kids’ book Talbuk Luck, kind of an old standard for Draenor kids back then. She even did this goofy sing-song voice for Tahri the Talbuk – I’d forgotten all about that until I started reading back over this stuff. Or the time later on when she took me on that long trip on foot out by Oshu’gun, and sat on one of the bluffs to watch Bach’lor running around in the fields with his herd.
I’m having a hard time seeing what Mazui has changed. This is still massive shit.
Me: Thanks guys.
Here we go: First, you need a FABULOUS piece of DP, and a piece of coordinating CS! For a treat bag, use 4 1/4 X 12, for a card 4/14 X 8 1/2(standard A2 size) For a card, score at 6", for a treat bag, score at 5 1/2 " and 6 1/2". The rest of the tutorial will show making the treat bag(which is more difficult since you have the space in the middle (from the 2 scores)you can't just fold and cut through all 4 layers like you can with a card. (So basically all the steps have to be repeated after finishing one side.) You don't have to have a Scor-Pal for this project, but "you'll score like never before!" (It was just bliss being able to pop that scoring blade out of my cutter the day this beauty arrived, I am cutting my 12x12 now like nobody's business!)
Now we start at the assumption that we must know all eight of these words to understand this language. But that is not so. Take “a” for example. If we also know b, d, e, and g, then we know a. Look at “g.” If we know d and h, then we know g. So if we know b, d, e, and h, we can understand both a and g. In effect, at this point in our computations, we know that if we understand the six words b, c, d, e, f, and h, then we understand all eight words.
This will become the norm when the Muslims take over Great Britain and also to the joy of the Labour party who are as much peadophiles as theMuslims are, see here http://labour25.com
I never went into the workshop while Dad was working. His thoughts were like marbles in a pouch, beautiful and bright, best kept gathered close. With the slightest nudge that pouch would fall open and the thoughts would scatter. It took him a long time to gather them again.
2) "How can I miss you, if you won't go away?" - The Huntingtons
Anyway! By my estimation, this parasol might have been built anywhere from 1890 to 1910, so I've labeled it with a date smack in the middle.
That none of this has to be this way.
Earlier this month, when Oxford University offered Dr. Gleick a prestigious platform to lecture on April 24—despite his confession of improper, unethical and illegal behavior. Heartland called on Oxford to deny him this honor. Oxford declined.
Daring efforts resulted in a comfortable journey of Bulls, from the beginning of the day aggravated bulls noticed in Karachi stock exchange. Above 9,900 profit taking witnesses which was later supported from 9,865.
Seinfeld
Let’s face it: modern airports are glorified shopping malls. So how come airports don’t offer us the kind of entertainment and amenities you get when you’re shopping?
But I’m delighted to say there are companies who do think working mums like me have something valuable to contribute. I’ve just accepted a contract with a major brand that I am bursting to tell you about but I can’t for confidential reasons. Let’s just say it’s been on my career bucket list for a long time.
He referred to the pictures of him and Sun-Jae circulating around the Net and the local entertainment rags.
Conduct quarterly or semi-annual forums
Base Ratings = Abilities
Just before crossing the railway, we passed Grove Park Nature Reserve. London has quite a number of these little nature reserves located next to railway lines. Many of them seem to be gated and locked most of the time, so it was lovely to find one that’s open to the public.
2) Nothing happened.
Love is an unforgiving prison
today is about combining that patience with kindness. If you knew me before I was married , you might wonder if I'm aware of the definition lol but the book says kindness is love in action. That totally reigns true for me. Despite numerous examples of kindness throughout life, none sank in till I met Beau. He has one of the kindest hearts of anyone I know, and I think I can count on one hand how many times he has spoken negatively about another person, even when they deserved it. So, you try living with a person 24/7, moving to a new place where they are the only person you know, and not becoming alot more like them....it doesn't work. Shortly into my marriage I found myself a much more kind person than I ever had been before and of course God took that and ran with it!
Explain to them also that there are billionaires, and tens of thousands of skilled Jihadis, and well-funded groups of politically-savvy lawyers, all working actively to overthrow our own government and establish those same restrictive laws on everybody here. They are successfully intimidating with violence and also waging jihad by gaining concessions.
These kinds of convenient rationalizations are the crux of Herzog's book, and while he doesn't provide us with clear answers as to why our moral relationship with animals is so murky, he lets us off the hook by acknowledging that "these sorts of contradictions are not anomalies or hypocrisies. Rather, they are inevitable. And they show we are human".
The Spirit worlds are a place of beauty in every sense, but they can be scary and show beings and things that we don’t understand or feel comfortable with..this is our inner darkness that we need to address and incorporate in our being. the spirit worlds can be accessed via deep meditation, normally Theta trance state. If anybody as any difficulty in reaching theta trance then there are theta trance tapes and other materials around to aid in this.
Court documents do not reveal how police found out about the ‘sexting’.
decoupages extra piece coloured with copics
Summary: Soon after getting ousted from Eden, Adam and Eve have two sons: first Cain, then Abel. Cain is a farmer and Abel raises livestock; each give God an offering, but God only looks favorably on Abel’s. Cain is upset and kills his brother, then tries to lie to God to escape punishment. However, God knows that blood was spilt and condemns Cain to be a wanderer. However, so no one else would kill Cain, God placed a mark on his forehead saying that Cain would be avenged seven-fold in the event of a wrongful death. It then lists the generations from Cain to Lamech. Lamech has two wives and pulls a repeat of history by killing someone like his great-great-great grandfather. He then claims that, if anyone kills him, he will be revenged 77 times. Finally, Adam and Eve have another son, Seth.
“Earth is a 3-D puzzle, made of large pieces called tectonic plates. Every part of the world’s surface, land or sea, sits atop these plates. Areas where they meet are called subduction zones, and sometimes one massive plate will slide beneath another, triggering an earthquake...”
Trends of anti-masonry in Eastern Orthodox cultures
We are in a recession, although the politicians, and a majority of the republican friends I have keep telling me that we are not. They site the "fact" that we had .01% growth. Sad. They also tell me that unemployment is not as bad as it was in past years. I try to explain to them how the numbers can and are manipulated or things get conveniently left out of the calculation. Like unemployment, they only count those that are collecting, after their unemployment runs out they are magically removed from the count. Michigan is in a depression, GM is close to bankruptcy as is Ford, and the surrounding states are hurting as well. The H1B visa continues to allow more and more foreigners into this country to take American jobs, and the government continues to allow increases in the amount of them. In the last year of my employment with HP , I worked to get the Clorox company in California to have outsourced computer administration, replacing over 20 Americans, Americans that had families and bills to pay.
But, I’ve been putting off moisturizing the past week because I want to try Avon’s Intensive Therapy Hand Cream. LOL. I want to be able to give a worst case scenerio type of review with what I hope to be noticeable results, complete with before and after pictures (lets hope I have the “gumption” to do that).
The objection continued: “Patching Parish Council has no animosity towards the applicant, but if every person who wished to settle in a caravan in the parish, let alone the National Park, was allowed to do so, the whole area could become one large caravan park.”
I have a meeting with a publisher at a conference at the end of the month. I will be presenting them several chapters and a proposal. Do you have any recommendations on how I should present it to them (bound, in a folder, loose, etc.)?
We were walking hand in hand
Tomorrow's my birthday!
3) Where is the evidence for God?
Keep the hair in top not, always wear two turbans, keep the head covered and comb the hair twice a day. (Rehatnama Bhai Daya Singh)
I’ve got an interesting story for you. Wait, scratch that. Don’t you just hate it when someone says that then goes ahead to tell you a story that is exactly the opposite of interesting/funny? I don’t want to be that guy. Anyway, that’s not why I’m here. This will be a short post so I might as well get to the juicy bits.
Even a multitude of harmonies, couldn’t pry our ears unbound.
I did go through EVERYTHING that was in the room. Trash, dirty clothes mixed with clean. (I am now in the process of washing everything) Empty beer bottles. Cigarette burns in everything. I was trying to clean it up for Brian, and look for anything illegal.
So for me, growing up, the DH wasn't a gimmick or an abomination the way it might have been for people who had been baseball fans for years and years. No, it was part of the game (and a wonderful part). I imagine it is this way for people who can't remember the NBA before the three-point line or college basketball before the shot clock or the NFL before the illegal contact rule. Rule changes, in time, simply become rules.
2 pound cake slices
garden plans
Now I think it’s time for me (and Grawnk) to start this non-adventure. Wish us luck!
The Haves have the money, has the power, and have too much political power to buy our politicians and our Democracy. Is anyone asking why nothing gets done in Washington? Because the HAVES like it that way! Until there is Banking Reform, Tax Reform and Trade Reform, nothing in America will change. And I don’t think the Haves want large and sufficient modification in Banking Reform, Tax Reform and Trade Reform. Big corporations sit on $2 Trillion holding back the money as they wait for the 2012 elections, while the American economy slows and the 99%ers suffer.
Hi~~
"Thank God I changed my profile picture from the ridiculous one of me eating a hot dog. Did she ask if I was Jewish?"
And then this happened... Robert ordered a bucket of Pacificos....
In the view of the intolerant few, we should not be allowed to read them because the intolerant few find them to be offensive.
Sometimes I’ll be concentrating on the screen more than a conversation.
It’s not over just yet, but Manchester City’s 1-0 win over rivals Manchester United has put Roberto Mancini’s side back in control of the title race. It was inevitable right? We’ve been told that ever since the Abu Dhabi billions were bestowed on the club they would eventually secure their first top flight title since 1968.
Really good set up! And good value at $20 a night ($10 for no power). It's pretty much got everything you would want from a caravan park. All nice grassy areas with good shade etc. They have even put up shadecloth covers in a heap of spots to give extra shade over the sites.
I can't remember what I was like before I started cooking.
Since there are just 3 questions, this shouldn't take you long. Hope you have fun with this. I'll be looking for those answers in my mail box! Good Luck to everyone!
To be sure, there is a place for pancakes, spaghetti, service projects, campouts, singing Kumbaya, going to sporting events, and the rest. But none of those can or should take the place of gathering together each week for the intentional discipling purpose of growing in the grace and knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Right now, my part is done and I’m waiting for reactions. Which leaves me suddenly feeling adrift. Even though it was so exhausting, I really enjoyed my headlong rush to finish a project I can be proud of. Waiting for the reactions from my classmates is eating me up inside and making me nervous as anything, but at the same time, I’m already looking for the next project I can dive into with the same abandon as I did with this one. That might not be so easy, because I usually have a problem: I’m a committment-phobic when it comes to my own ideas.
I believe that being a parent is the most amazing privilege that I could possibly hope to be granted. Some days I am Superdad, other days I simply suck. Some days I am a great father, but a so-so partner - and some days I am neither.
From Chicago, the land before time, it's your host, the woman who sat through her son's first, 12 hour, football game while keeling over in pain and completely clueless as to what was going on, Dawn Meehan.
So while I am welcoming the warmth of Fall, I will be talking about the Summer berries I talked about a few months ago.
Hello Gorgeous! was founded in 2005 in South Bend, Indiana by Kim and Mike Becker. Moved by a desire to use their talents and energies on behalf of those facing the effects of cancer treatment, the Beckers sold their full-service hair salon and set out on a mission to provide free, surprise, all-day makeovers designed to help overcome the negative effects of radiation and chemotherapy. With the help of donations and volunteer help, the Beckers were able to buy and equip a Holiday Rambler RV and extend their program to communities in the surrounding areas. Now, they have fostered affiliates in several states.
Can we define ourselves by our thoughts and emotions? Ask yourself if you think about and see the world the same way you did twenty years ago. Have your per­ceptions changed? Have your beliefs changed? Have your motivations changed? Has your knowledge changed? Your thoughts, beliefs, and emotions change from moment to moment, year to year, and decade to decade, yet you are still you. We can’t therefore say that the true self is defined by our thoughts, beliefs, or emotions.
In last Wednesday's reading from Ephesians 4:7-8,11-16, the Apostle Paul speaks of the unity of the Church, of individuals, all as part of the body of Christ.
Overall Impression (0-3): Smooth, quaffable beer. Nothing too overpowering. Would like a little more flavor up front, but it finishes so well, that I can forgive it. 3 points
The private lunch was set for Wednesday the 14th, and the trio FINALLY had a chance to go over the albums and memory books the Stillwagons have amassed. Right place, right time, mission accomplished. :)
Oh, and the problem was diagnosed as a faulty sender unit in the tank. And it's still that way today. It really is a cracker-jack business.
and afraid of love..
So, I went to the sources - the people who call me Mom. They had only flattering things to say, which stroked my ego even if it didn't coax out my muse. According to them I am kind, generous, really really nice, patient, and I work hard to get them things they want. I am pretty and happy....
So taking advantage of a stepped design, I used a piece of larger diameter pipe to bring the exhaust back behind my foot, then built a simple megaphone that attached to the end. The megaphone was rather fun to build, as I simply cut out a pie shape wedge from a piece of 2 inch pipe, then shaped the leftover piece into the cone shape, welding along the seam.
Quite unlike his contemporaries, Kim presents a world in chaos, peopled by predatory females, cowardly males driven by the basest of impulses, where unquestioned patriarchal authority no longer exists. Sexual politics is what interests him most. All this might be heavy going were it not for the abundant flourishes of brazen humor that add spice to the proceedings, such as when a woman justifies her husband’s non-consensual vasectomy, invoking the “Family Planning Act” (The Insect Woman, 1972). When asked what audience he had in mind when making these subversive and often shocking films, Kim responded that they were made for women, as housewives represented the bulk of filmgoers.
Following the riots of 1967 the politics of blame ensued as did the politics of handouts and the politics of poverty.
Last year, the Astros took it on the chin – over and over and over again. This year? A left hook is going to kill them. KO. Down goes Houston. No matter how you look at it, for the Astros it’s over.
So here is is how my hair looks like right now~~~as you guys can see~~~alot thinner~~~but still long~~~
But what 'serious gamers' might call stupid.
Dan, at the age of twelve, began drumming in spite of his loss of fingers. He plays by using the left thumb to grip one drum stick, with the other drum stick attached to his right wrist by a wrist band and rubber bands. With this simple device and an undying passion for music, Dan has become a very respected drummer in the New Orleans area. His unique personal style and musicianship has
I must now return to pulling my hair out, one hair at a time. :)
In the not too distant future, people stop ageing when they reach 25. If they are wealthy though, they can buy time. The rest, have to work for it. Lifespan has replaced money in this dystopian world. One of the workers, Will Salas (Justin Timberlake), is gifted time from a suicidal friend, which allows him to escape his poor background and experience the life of the rich. But there are state police, known as “Time keepers” who are out to thwart his new life.
Therefore, Robert Spencer, is doing us all a great service by peeling back the layers of legend and tradition to get at the historical Mohammed, in his latest book, Did Mohammed Exist?. As the title suggests, Spencer has good reason to suspect that Mohammed, at least the supposed founder of Islam, did not, in fact, exist. I hope that Spencer has the very best security personnel working for him.
Curriculum was totally new to me this year. My 4, 3 and 1 year old don't' require any obviously. But this is high school. This stuff counts. (In a "you have to complete this or don't get your diploma kind of way.") It all really counts no matter what you're doing. Even the non-school time counts. Is there really non-school time anyway? Life is school. My children are learning every day. They're gaining knowledge from books and experiences but they're also learning habits, character, morals, ways of thinking and more from the environment around them each and every day.
I want to make a difference in the lives of underprivileged children.
Has a New York mayor ever reflected the decade he governed more perfectly than Jimmy Walker? Although John Hylan was actually the 1920s more effective mayor, it was Walker who embodied the Jazz Age spirit in his style, and the tragic Depression-era change of fortune in his downfall. He glamours us today because he's both movie star and rebel; but the corruption of his regime is equally as striking and even disturbing in its grandiosity.
Back in January I was going to see Brad Meltzer promote his book The Inner Circle and I asked my mom if she wanted to go with me. She said no. I asked her if there was an author she would like to go see and my mom answered Lisa Scottoline.
Been cruising the mag rack lately? If you’ve happened to glance over any of the latest Elle, Marie Claire, Cosmopolitan, People Style Watch, Lucky, Real Simple, or US Weekly issues, you’re probably very familiar with the name Ariel Gordon — or at least her signature initial neckaces. They’re an accessory editor obsession, not to mention a celeb accessory staple — just check out the gorgeous initialed necklines of Emily Blunt, Jessica Biel, Eva Longoria, and Selena Gomez.
City officials are using New Urbanism. It is also known for it's wheat farming. It wasn't long after this discovery that Kansas lies mostly in the fairmont hotel in kansas city of the fairmont hotel in kansas city of Kansas makes the fairmont hotel in kansas city a conversion program. This is a basketball school that lives for its museums, gallery districts and great performances. Much of the fairmont hotel in kansas city to the fairmont hotel in kansas city and even sponsors contests for the fairmont hotel in kansas city is commonly referred to. Personal Injury Protection, or PIP, as it gets when you think of stereotypes. Agriculture dominates the fairmont hotel in kansas city of Michigan, were the fairmont hotel in kansas city of Michigan, were the original Henry Perry.
Winner: The Beer Boutique - Newcomer on the scene, great range (esp in Belgian beers) and great decor. The Bottle Shop perhaps has a better range of beers but Canterbury is a long drive.
Now what happens if you try to buck the trend and modernise you brand. Well then you replace the fishing dudes with young dudes with beards and hand cream issues at bbqs, where shock horror there are women. Of course then you are VB. And if you are VB your market share has dropped by 12% in the last year (whilst XXXX grew by 9%) and if you were the advertising agency working on VB you’d get sacked.
Do you like to travel to discount online stores to grip? Becoming enviromentally friendly move parts of these online stores for discounts for clutches.
So if you would like to win these lovely threads, just leave a comment on my blog. That is all there is to it. If you can't leave comments, then send me an email at jqd@comporium.net and I will enter you in the drawing. I will draw a name on Sunday, August 28.
"Something has to be done," he said.
As to unschooling parents, mums, I have wondered about what happens to our own passions when we unschool.
“One year is just not enough to prepare them for first grade”, one Kindergarten teacher explained. “It’s not just playing games anymore.”
In the end, I guess I’m just a pretty boring guy who thinks it’d be neat if he didn’t have to compare prices between the generic and name-brand versions of No-Doze at the drugstore.
Not counting the midnight showings, of course...but I couldn't do that last night, Dave was TDY and just got home today. If he was home I might have gone.
‘Most of these patients are shocked to learn that these drinks are essentially bathing their teeth with acid.’
A retired New York police officer, Shea made one arrest he'll never forget. In 1952 he collared the famous bank robber Willie Sutton, who had been holed up in an apartment on Dean Street in Brooklyn. If Sutton's name doesn't sound familiar, this might: When he was asked why he robbed banks, he famously answered "Because that's where the money is."
1. Entry begins at 11pm tonight and ends at 11pm on the 29th of July.
The sea-birds scream’d as they wheel’d round,
* determining the properties of the invention
Ice Cream is a suitable breakfast food. So are hamburgers.
So there you have it, my 10 most anticipated films of the 2012 summer movie season – agree with my picks? Any film you would move up or down? Any film that you can’t believe I’m not anticipating? Sound off below!
30th June 2011
Registration Fee
In the last post about our pregnancy tests and results, I mentioned that we determined pregnancies, or lack-there-of, by observing heats. It occurred to me that not everyone reading probably knows what a heat means, or might not know what the signs of a heat are. This thought was confirmed by a question from a close friend with no agricultural background. So, I’ll offer my non-technical explanation.
All that was before Skype.
Scentsy's philosophy of Simplicity, Authenticity, and Generosity has made us one of the fastest growing companies the direct selling industry has ever seen. And we just keep growing! Right now, Scentsy is expanding into Europe. First comes spreading Scentsy throughout the U.K. and Germany, but after that, who knows? Anything's possible with Scentsy!I was talking to Kathy that night and she sent me a file about joining. After reading that page I was HOOKED! I have been selling Scentsy now for almost two months and I have made enough to pay the starter kit back to us and put money in the bank! What are we saving for right now? I am going to Scentsy Convention in August in Fort Worth, then we are saving for Disney! Yep thats right Scentsy will be paying for my kids and I (I think we will take the hubby too) to Disney.
My point is that D.T. it’s finally shaping up into an exciting read and it’s starting to “feel” like a real book.
And thresh and ply;
These styles available on our site soon!!
7. The data says workers are interrupted every 11 minutes. Distractions destroy productivity. Learn to protect your time and say no to interruptions.
Brenda C. Gibson, 59, Falls Church, Va.
of staff. She now is a much-in-demand speaker, who makes nearly 100 speeches
Taipei 101 is situated in the Xinyi District, near the City Hall MRT station, where there are lots of malls around including Shinkong Mitsukoshi, Bella Vita, ATT 4 Fun, Hankyu Taipei and Neo 19 (website information below). It’s a shopping heaven with a blend of high-end fashion, local Taiwanese brands and other international brands. You can reach all the shopping malls by taking the MRT to City Hall Station. Take Exit 2 for Hankyu Taipei and take Exit 1 for the rest of the shopping malls.
This is a hard one. I really don't get to eat dessert anymore. Luckily I haven't had sugar/ice-cream/doughnut cravings because those foods all have a lot of carbs. I decided I didn't want to use artificial sweeteners which makes options limited. It seems like all diabetic desserts involve some form of equal, nutrisweet or other non-saccharide sweetener. I've been eating half servings of fancy dark chocolate after my evening walk as my dessert.
Hence, this petition for review on certiorari, raising the following issues: (1) whether private respondent is guilty of forum shopping by filing her complaint with preliminary injunction before the Regional Trial Court, Branch 57, Angeles City when there was a Petition for Ex-Parte Issuance of Writ of Possession pending before Branch 60 of the same court; and (2) whether there was substantial compliance by private respondent with the rule requiring the submission of a certification of non-forum shopping together with initiatory pleadings.
Ahh sweet Friday.
Savills, however, is reported to have cancelled its September 2011 auction which was previously billed as the biggest inIreland with some 100 properties set to have been placed on the block. The auction was to have focused on open-market property – rather than repossessed or receiver sales – and given Savills position in the market, likely to have offered property at the higher end of the market. No reason was reported for Savills decision, though Michelle Devane at the Sunday Business Post cites Savills saying that dealing with banks was an issue. Interestingly Savills say that large-scale auctions were likely to be a feature inIreland for the “best part of a decade”
Now here comes the fuzzy math... The pattern suggests that 42 "teeth" would be an appropriate number (anyone who has read Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, which the shawl is named after, will know why.) So counting up my teeth, I see that I have 14, which would put me at about 1/3 of the way done! Of course if you look at the picture you'll realize that the shawl started out extremely narrow and is getting wider on each row, so this math is obviously not accurate. I know that, but I'm going to pretend. ;)
... that friends pop up from the weirdest corners, when you least expect it.
So which stamp are you already reaching for...or will you need to ponder for a while??? Maybe it's best to just choose the one you adore today! Take a look at all the faves from my very talented Design team-mates and read more about the challenge too. I'm sure you could all find plenty to spend this $50 prize on at The Store! Just so many wonderful goodies...
"So the grand outline of the poem defines itself: a private war is set within a national war, and the national war again within the world-war of Cross and Crescent. The small struggle at the centre shakes the whole web."
I think the bad reputation that brussels sprouts have earned is not because of the vegetable at all, it's because of the horrible boil-and-serve way they've been presented to unassuming young children throughout history.
The Edomites had rejoiced in the destruction of Jerusalem by her conquerors. This was at the time of the Babylonian conquest. (The hatred of Israel by her neighbors is ancient.) Psalm 137:7 states, “Remember O Lord what the Edomites did on the day Jerusalem fell. ‘Tear it down’ they cried, ‘tear it down to its foundations!’” Obadiah was written to assure God’s people of His impending judgment on the Edomites.
Darwin’s survival of the fittest had never been truer until now. Emerson belonged to the infected. Emerson belonged to the night.
This will almost be like a re-launch because all my followers were lost. I have reached out to a few of the blog rings, however cannot remember most of them. I will be trying to get back in the swing of things as best I can, as soon as I can. You may not see much foot traffic through the site for another couple of weeks, I won’t really start promoting it until next week.
“One study – published in the journal, Environmental Health – shows mercury in nine out of 20 samples of commercial high-fructose corn syrup.
His persona is familiar too, at least if you know Chaplin’s work prior the First National days. He’s more aggressive, greedier, more physical and less sympathetic—more, I think, like most people perceive vagrants to be. The sweetheart Tramp of later years was a man we knew from the movies, not a man we’d ever meet on the street, where so few of us would’ve deigned to shake his hand.
With that as a cap on the night, we turned in.
The Titanic was a real ship. With real people. Who really died.
“Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.” — Marcel Proust
great and dreadful Name of the Ever-living God, that I will be true and faithful
Farley Granger’s own favorite among his movies was Luchino Visconti’s Senso (1954); he made several other highly regarded films, including Nicholas Ray’s They Live by Night (1949) and Anthony Mann's Side Street (1950), as well as some interesting curios like the pro-Soviet The North Star, and box-office successes that haven’t lingered in the public’s memory, like Hans Christian Anderson (which Granger synopsized as “boy meets girl; boy loses girl; boy gets boy”).
“Forget About Dre” – Dr. Dre and Eminem
Your project needs to stand on its own. And, it's possible if not likely that a good project will be summarily rejected because of your age. There are many published novelists who are young of course. The one I am most familiar with (Kody Keplinger) did not include her age in her query.
My mom dropped me off in the class for second graders and I cried because I missed my parents. One of the volunteers held me in her lap and told me it was going to be okay.
The town is a lovely place. A jewel, even with the bagpipe music echoing over the bay. It was the finest day seem here in over 5 years, with a temperature of 21 degrees. People were basking in the sun, sun baking in bikinis or just sitting on the many bay facing benches, soaking in the rays. It was a fine day indeed.
The purpose of its existence
and defined a purpose for me to live
This list of posts is in response to the question of what is Magic Realism (a sub-genre of Fantasy) and how do you write Magic Realism which appeared on Twitter in February 2010 during the #scifichat.
That kind of relaxation. The la dolce far niente. The sweetness of doing nothing and enjoying where we are in the present moment- is the greatest thanks we can give for the lives and blessing we have.
When stars have been earned, your child can pick from the default list of suggested rewards, or you can setup your own custom rewards especially tailored for each of your children, like “$2 Pocket Money” or “One Hour Of TV”.
You need to make sure you are dealing with a reputable broker. There are some decent forums (Forex Factory is a good place to start) where there are a lot of traders who can offer guidance on finding one. FXDD is sizeable and has a good history, but I don’t make recommendations to anyone other than do your own research. That said, if I ever reached a point where I had enough money to actually get nervous about things, I’d split it among two or more brokers and just execute the same trades. It would be a little more hassle, but it would spread the risk of the kinds of issues you’re talking about.
For the live performance on Get Yer Ya-Yas Out!, Mick makes it even more provocative by changing the groupie’s age to 13. The tune rocks hard and has a better groove than most of the Stones material over 4 decades, but you sometimes feel like you need a shower after listening to it.
The reason I made this dhal soup was because I wanted to make Aloo Parathas and needed something to dip them into. I had seen a recipe on The Hairy Bikers and on a lovely food blog I follow called For The Love Of Yum. I saw both of these recipes in the same week, so it was like they were calling to me, I just had to make them….
* How does your agency handle subsidiary rights, including film and foreign rights? (Most agencies use co-agents for this. As long as an agency has experience and contacts in this area you are in good hands.)
Next will come the HUGE garage Sale at the Cottage.
HDL Cholesterol: 35
I’m still hoping to get her in to one of the playgroups at Telethon Speech & Hearing but at the moment the are all full. We have been for an interview/assessment a while ago so hopefully there will be a spot available soon. As we are away most of term 2 I’m hoping to get her in for term 3 and 4, that would be awesome. . It is quite expensive and we can’t use the Better Start Funding for this program unfortunately but I think it’s worth exploring every avenue. We are also doing both speech and physio at The Centre for Cerebral Palsy and Kids are Kids as usual.
According to a summary of public comments from the meeting, "special attention" was requested for this particular intersection "because many seniors are crossing there." One resident reported a near accident at the intersection while traveling to the transportation meeting that very night. Another comment noted excessive traffic volumes at Governor's and Ogilvie and requested "pedestrian crossing provisions."
Such noble truths on which you depend
“Make haste, and get thee quickly out of Jerusalem; for they will not receive thy testimony concerning me.”
We need a strong balanced budget amendment, which, by the way, 77% of the American people support. We need to reverse the inexorable momentum of the system that rewards spending politicians and punishes (along with the Liberal media) thrifty politicians, without exception.
- Independent SPF 45 sun canopies
that future for our two countries.
In some ways I feel a bit bad that have I failed so far to convince my son to follow the family tradition and support Forest, although to be fair Forest have not really helped with the way they have performed during the first 10 years of his life.
educate, leaving us in an uncomfortable position. Either we mandated behavior to people whose guests we were, with the likely result that the mandate would be ignored, or we let people make their own decision and watched the predictable results unfold, powerless to stop them. We had done our best to muddle through. The end result of that muddling was that we stood by ineffectually as preventable deaths unfolded before our eyes.
“You’re nice,” Dickie said.
when this happens...
PRESS 1/2 crumb mixture into base of pan
Confession (US…Joe May)
I've seen a lot of people die...........
Gosh, it's getting close isn't it? Any help, advice or suggestions will be appreciated. I have a couple of links to go check out that I received last time I asked about this.
--0-557785268-1213061379=:66140
Pecan Pie
O Lord my God, you have performed many wonders for us. Your plans for us are too numerous to list. You have no equal. If I tried to recite all your wonderful deeds, I would never come to the end of them.
Sabrina The Teenage Witch
This week was an ambitious test of this proposition, with Romney straying from the truth with breathtaking frequency. Those looking for proof need only consider the 12th installment of my weekly series, chronicling Mitt's mendacity.
On the other side of the jump-break, I'll revisit some material covered early on in my Twitter Series. In the article (ironically) titled The Headline IS The Story, I briefly discussed writing those magical 140-character sales pitches. Now I can apply nearly one-year's worth of tweeting experience (if not expertise) and share my lessons learned. Click through to see why I haven't chosen to write a "better" headline than the one on this blog/tweet (haha)
I was THRILLED to attend the Cafe workshop in Oak Brook, Illinois, this past week! First, let me just tell you that the event was sponsored by Choice Literacy. If you don't know about Choice Literacy, you should! Visit their website! Amazing authors and resources can be found there. I highly recommend attending one of their workshops (Choice Literacy AND The Sisters) to experience the magic for yourself!
The papers are all from Crate Paper, and the bling is Recollections. The flower is prima and I distressed it with some Tim Holtz ink. Same with the image. Whaddya think?
Chain 1 and turn. Sc in each, sc down side, 3sc corner, sc across bottom.
Everything at the Vigil Service was in Slavonic, and so with my conscious brain I could understand not a single word. Yet, as I left the church, I said to myself with a clear sense of conviction: This is where I belong; I have come home. Sometimes it happens — is it not curious? — that, before we have learnt anything in detail about a person, place or subject, we know with certainty: This is the person that I shall love, this is the place where I need to go, this is the subject that, above all others, I must spend my life exploring. From the moment of attending that service at St Philip’s, Buckingham Palace Road, I felt deep in my heart that I was marked out for the Orthodox Church.
designs, and colors of all the other ice cream treats, until I found ..................
He slowly ran his knife down her leg, searching. There they were, twined in the
However, I did promise myself that I would try make time to enter a few more of their challenges. I use their digis all of the time, but I hardly ever do the challenges. It's been a while, I know that much, even though I follow the blog(s) avidly!
Fifteen gallons in one night . . . piece of cake, right? Well, it was about five hours of cake - delicious uncarbonated cake. The Saison du Muqunee (MB0022), Stone Soup XXI - The Mustachioed Dark IPA (MB0021) and The Original Missionary Position (MB0020) are all in glass right now. Justin took part in this grueling endurance challenge of liquid packaging. Now all we have to do is wait a couple of weeks.
We were greeted warmly and asked if we needed help with our luggage.
Justa letcha know…… round 3 emailed me. …..silence……..
Today's Prompt for this week's Tuesday Tales is LEGS. So I have chosen to offer a scene from the first of my Gasquet Princes series, From Now until Forever.
Studying the characters of the people in the scriptures is a great way for your children to connect with the principles being taught and learn how to better apply them to their lives. There are so many great examples in the bible to follow, as well as, some not so great examples to learn from of how not to behave.
I don’t know how but I don’t even care–I sing this the most loudly now. It’s a miracle really. And it’s not perfect or finished yet, and I’ll have days that set me back. But are you kidding? I am different than I was and I don’t even really know how. God pulled the splinter out without me asking Him to or watching how.
family of hazing victim Marvin Reglos hails decision
Last Day of the Month
In conclusion, this game is more like a customized movie than a traditional game. However, it is an excellent and fresh game. It is not a simple combination between movies and games. It’s an innovative exploration on creative art.
This whole week of wading into political realms had made me exhausted--I'm tired of defending my kids' schools and their teachers and principals to them. I'm tired of the rhetoric of hate. I'm tired of the arguing and fighting and attacking. (Even within their own parties--those fighting to see who is MOST conservative!)
A lump rose in my throat and I locked the door, ran down the stairs, crossed the dark lane and landed breathlessly at his terrace door. I knew it was going to be lethal if She found out but the communication channels were closed and I was concerned.
This little cutie can be yours for the bargain price of £5 posted in the UK.
Lance chose the boyfriend jeans...
5. Kate Moss’s grocery shopping list
"The Lord is close to the brokenhearted
For my card this week I have made a Joy Fold card, which for those who dont know is a little card on a big card. So my square image opens to the right, then you open the LH panel to revel your sentiment. I have kept it shut by using a bit of ribbon in a fancy bow.
Mr. Flecker seems to have had an aversion to the idea of growing old and—he assumes—complacently useless. He also sports a few cynical opinions about the longevity of love once the bloom is off the rose.
I should be able to get a few more posts edited tonight ... I really should stop putting off my taxes, but if I can't make myself sit down & do them I'll be posting tomorrow too =)
You should definitely read the guidelines as they are detailed more thoroughly here:
Never the Needful,
I’d invited my one girlfriend who had the daughter the same age as my son to come up. I’ve noted it in my daytimer but from what I recall, they did not come as something last minute came up. They were to come Monday to Wednesday July 16-18th as this was a week I was up for holidays and had the cottage to myself. My son was very bored at the cottage as there was no computer, no TV other than videos, etc. My other girlfriend with her son did join us on the Thurs. to Sunday of that same week, so I really enjoyed her and my son had someone to play with.
How do you work with a libretto like that? How do you even think it is suitable for setting? It takes three to five times as long to sing a word as to speak it, and there is no doubt that opera requires prima la musica - the words must serve musical needs. Perhaps they do, in their own way. But still, is it a good idea to throw the audience off balance, distracting you, jerking you out of the flow to wonder what exactly an antlion is when you are supposed to be caught up in the emotions of the hijacking's aftermath? I mean, we're not all David Attenborough. And it's equally startling to hear a reference to the Dome of the Rock in the Chorus of Exiled Jews, which depicts a couple implicitly thrown apart by the Second World War and reunited unexpectedly after many traumas. The man compares the woman's scars to the holy sites of Israel, but, not to put too fine a point on it, the Dome of the Rock itself is not a site holy to Judaism - it is its location, the Temple Mount, that is. This, and the antlion, are only two meagre examples. I don't remember this being such a problem in Penny Woolcock's film - but that had been heavily cut. (Here is Wikipedia to explain the antlion.)
Prepare a flat baking sheet by lining it with baking parchment. Scoop out teaspoon size bits of dough, roll into a ball and place on the sheet 1.5 inches apart. Bake for 10 minutes for soft chewy cookies and 13 minutes for crispier cookies. Bake in batches if you don't have room.
-Chop all the vegetable in samew size .this helps in same cooking time
Charmaine Gordon’s straight-forward writing style with the undercurrent of suspense makes Reconstructing Charlie spellbinding. The no-frills style keeps the reader focused on Charlie and her PLAN. Even the exquisite descriptions of places like Eleanor and Stuart Alfred’s home, the Shakespeare Gardens at the university are all instrumental in the “reconstructing” of Charlie.
But more than this, if you buy the brand of watch that he's prepared to be on a poster for then you too will be as righteous and morally valiant as Geldof is perceived to be. (Let's just ignore his tax evading non-dom status.)
Of course, if I had a choice, I would prefer to have Joshua be able to fight with his sisters. It would be a dream to have him harass them as an older brother should. I would put up with a million irritating questions from him if I could. I yearn from the bottom of my heart to communicate more deeply with my son. However, this is not the hand that we've been dealt. Josh rarely uses his words, except to ask for things that he wants . . . and we are still working on that.
I watched a video the other day, one that in one moment I wish I hadn’t watched and then in another I am glad I did. It was raw footage, purportedly from Libya , but I have no way of knowing, of bombs dropping near villages, bombs with huge fire and mushroom clouds hundreds of feet in the air, footage of screaming, terrified children in the streets, running in search of shelter or loving arms, footage of living children with their jaws blown off, shrapnel wounds the size of grapefruit in the back or limbs, dead children by the roadside, blown apart and I thought to myself, my dear God, what have we become?
“All mining companies that have not complied … should note that 51 percent of their shareholding is now deemed to be owned by the state,” empowerment minister Saviour Kasukuwere said in a statement.
But it's good. And I ate enough to make me want to nap.
I'm always on the lookout
And yes.
The following sourced article that I have composed demonstrates that the Cape Rebels were in fact mainly Boers & not Cape Dutch simply because the vast majority of those who became Cape Rebels were from the Boer people of the Cape frontier.
In August 2002 I finally got an Offer to Purchase on my boat. I was absolutely thrilled! It was a couple from the yacht club who wanted to buy it, I could have done a private sale but the boat broker I’d been dealing with the most had been quite helpful to me, so I decided to run the sale through him so he could get a commission and then he’d look after the mountain of paperwork involved too.
Frustration just drained into my blood. I needed to get away from my humid and sticky apartment and get my final paper for a class written, so I drove to Starbucks, ordered a Vanilla Rooibos Tea, opened up my computer, got out my folder that had the instructions for the final in it and…. no paper. Son of a… And I’m not about to pack up my stuff, drive home, get my paper, and drive back out here. Is that being stubborn? Lazy? Maybe.
The special, limited-time Mini Starter Kit contains many of the items you need to get started in your new business, including
Lover and I had been planning our getaway for a LONG time as we hadn't been able to see each other for a while. Hotel booked, flight arrangements made, appropriate plans shared with family members, restaurants picked ... box of toys and lube shipped to hotel in advance ... all was set and as the days drew near, he and I were close to the edge of insanity. Our conversations were erotic, our texts full of teasing promises right up until we met in our hotel room. I had arrived earlier and had time to go out and pick up our traditional first night requirements – champagne, yummy cheeses and pate along with fresh bread. I raced back to the hotel, found some ice and quickly stripped out of my yoga pants and t-shirt to put on a white lace thong and white lace bra. I had just returned from a tropical climate where I had been outside in a bathing suit quite a bit so I was tan from head to toe and I knew he loved this skimpy lacey outfit. Finally I heard noises coming outside the room and the door opened. There he was standing in front of me, tall, lean and smiling a devilish smile. I greeted him in my hotel robe and lace outfit and he pulled me in close slipping his hand underneath my robe to hug me as he felt my tingling skin. We kissed long and deep and parted to look into each others’ eyes and say “Hello.”
So, here it is! I made 2 2 page layouts for my family's trip to the pumpkin patch. Well, I typically call it the 'punkin' patch so that's the title of my layout. I used Create a Critter for the random pumpkins, but I hid the smiley face. I also used the Sew Easy to make a scalloped border...which is my favorite part of this layout.
ROTHBERG MB, ROSE DN. Vaccination versus treatment of influenza in working adults: a cost-effectiveness analyses. Am J Med 2005; 118: 68-77.
the type of thing you usually hear. I.e. ‘I wish there was
I look at my kids who are behaving like animals that have been caged since November. I glance out the window at my mucky, muddy backyard. I look back at my kids who are hitting each other with the remote control and gnawing on the couch. The decision is obvious.
From the most recent update (which, all snark aside, is really well done, and I’m glad to see they published this):
I shoved enough of the piles of papers and old mail, samples of barley and marketing products, and the accumulated reminders of everything we had to get caught up on that covered our kitchen table aside -just enough room for two place settings.
The Word already was at the beginning of all things, the word was with God, and the Word was divine… and the Word became flesh and erected his tent in the midst of us.
I am so glad to be back in the gym! I really didn't get how much I had missed it until I started back in April on a semi-consistent basis! Gym, we were apart too long! I am so glad we mended our relationship and we are back to being united!
The girls are bathed, watching TV right now. We ususally Skype with Daddy every night, but he told them he is busy with work, so he'll see them tomorrow. The girls are so excited and ready to go to bed because you know, they just can't wait the morning to come.
There are limits and bounds for everyone, of course. But some of the "child-free" should just live in a world where no one actually curtailed their lives to raise other people and see how they enjoy a dying society. Clearly they don't have enough empathy or forethought to understand the concept though.
I got to take a (child-less) road trip to Southern Illinois to spend the weekend with my mom and little sister! My mom called me a few weeks back, asking if I would be able to come down and surprise my sister, Kristi, with a girl's weekend. My sister has spent the past year juggling school to become a medical assistant, working as a manger at McAlister's Deli, and starting an internship at a doctor's office. Phew! That makes me tired just typing it! Needless to say, she has not had a full weekend off for quite a long time, so my mom thought it would be wonderful for us three girls to have a spa day on her first weekend off.
I had decided long ago that I would only use things that we already had around the house. I was not going to purchase anything new for the wall. So far, I have managed to stick to it! I used some of the many frames I had around the house or in the shed. I painted the brown or gold ones, white. I was originally just going to use white frames, but I decided using both black and white gave the gallery a little more oomph and made it look a little more modern.
KK: We place a significant value in products that are audited, regardless of the product size or type, so yes it is very important. Every dollar our clients invest in media needs to be substantiated and the added level of verification received through an audit helps ensure the dollars were spent wisely. As larger newspapers have struggled to maintain circulation, we have incorporated more products into the mix, including community and commuter type newspapers. We are much less inclined to consider these products if they are not audited, so those that are not audited are missing opportunities.
We walked around more, they showed me a ton of stuff and told me a million places I had to go, and then we got coffee somewhere else and sat and talked more.
the earth is square
What I really wanted to blog about today, for example, was how people who don't look after animals shouldn't be allowed to have them. But try as I might, I can't even loosely link that subject to anything from the above list. So I shall have to keep the rage that is currently making my blood boil on a simmer, and remember to post about it another time.
I'd be lying if I said it wasn't a little difficult watching the line of friends wind down the trail as I turned into the wind to head back to my car, happy that I was finished, but envious of the reward that comes after enduring the pain, and completing a journey. It was such an amazing run, and I wanted to keep that feeling going, although I knew stopping was the smart thing to do, and really the only option. I'm hoping that this becomes a regular route that we can do again, hopefully recreating some of the magic of the run, and next time I hope to be a traveler instead of a tourist.
And mystically," he blurted, "finds someone."
-Container of my 6x6 paper packs.
It has seemed like an eternity to wait but I am very pleased to be able to say that my new book, with photographs by the superbly talented Carla Coulson, will be available at the end of next week in the United States. It is an exciting moment for any author to have a book published and to be doubly fortunate to publish not only in Australia but in America ...well that is the icing on the cake.
Code Name Verity by Elizabeth Wein
Track and field try outs after school Monday from 3-4:30pm.
The Invasion
It should include your account of of surrendering to Him, depending on Him, and trusting Him completely for salvation.
If you have similar revelations, please feel free to share. Perhaps you are one of those whom the Lord has touched to speak up. Our collective voice will certainly make a difference.
Anaru: Enter the price here, then you’ll see the prices both of new and used one, OK?
Just like Kevin Hart said, “You goin’ to learn, today!!!”
UPDATE UKIP have sent us a statement:
TTC missed picking her by one vote. D’oh
Who says people don't want to buy German riesling? The limited parcel of Burg-Layer rieslings that Majestic announced yesterday morning are all but sold out. Certainly the ones I would have advised you to buy, so apologies for being away at the crucial moment.
Audio – Visual Show
I want to talk further with the children about transformations and the question of what quantity of something's qualities have to stay the same for something to still be the same. I've been thinking about ways of doing this. One would be drawing, if I drew a little picture and then I drew the same picture with a detail changed, and then a picture of that with a detail changed, talking with the children as I go about when the new picture ceases to be a variation of the original or if it does. I want to tie it in with Alice wondering whether she remains the same person after going through so many changes. We've talked a bit about that already, about how the qualities of Alice changed (her ability to remember poems, perhaps, and her size) but she was still Alice. What is the defining feature of Alice? Is there any number of changes she could go through after which she wouldn't be Alice? Perhaps I'll use playdough in discussing this. If I made a playdough Alice, to what is the name Alice attached? Is it attached to the particular pattern of indents and such that shape the lump, and thus my Alice ceases to be Alice when I alter the pattern? (And then how many or what types of changes make Alice not Alice, and which chases are simply changes in Alice's position, expression, etc?) Or would the name refer to the lump of playdough so that when I reshape the lump into a duck it is Alice-shaped-like-a-duck-but-still-Alice? What is a name?
My heart is numb although I know it is hurting everyday. My soul feels empty although I know I have blessings all around me. I thank God for so many things, my husband, my son, my family and friends; I even thank him for know me better than I know myself. I am not angry, I am just lost for a way to put this in its place. To make the lemonade out of the lemons I have been given. To pick myself up, dust myself off and continue to move forward with this new life I have been given, but at the same time remember and honor my daughter. I don't want to forget, I wish I could cry everyday endlessly and give her the mourning she deserves, but that is not me. I am not able to. Right now I just have to get past this numbness and maybe then things will be more clear.
We start horror movie month with the unsung Vincent price classic, The Abominable Dr. Phibes. I remember watching the 1971 classic on some Saturday matinee many, many years ago. It scared the bejebus out of me when Dr. Phibes finally removed his mask to reveal his horribly disfigured face. The Abominable Dr. Phibes definitely had to go first in my list of reviews.
Some people would argue that complacency is just an idea and sometimes an illusion. To them, I say: “the greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was to convince the world he didn’t exist.” For me, the fear of complacency is clear and present danger – it is tangible and I am constantly afraid that there are too many things that I am missing or not accomplishing as time passes rapidly. I spent the last 6 years hell-bent on working, learning, cooking and improving my skillset, but this year, I set out to regain all the things given up for so long.
The State Grid, China’s biggest electrical utility, has already bought seven grid operators in Brazil for $1.7 billion. Three Gorges chairman Cao Guangjing has said his company hopes to cooperate with EDP in eastern Europe and South America.
It's been a long time where I went to see a movie where the whole theatre was laughing out loud.
For Sleepless Knight, 2011 has been a very busy year indeed…
I'll keep you posted and hopefully get back on track soon.
1. Three MK ULTRA mind-controlled Super Solider Units hours before being activated and sent to Mars to battle the awakening of an ancient force a la Ghosts of Mars/Total Recall? or
"For the past two months, I have been travelling the state supporting my fellow Republican candidates," Simmons said. "Everywhere I go people ask me if I am still running for the U.S. Senate. My response has been 'I'm still on the ballot.'"But his numbers are still as dismal as McMahon's are up when stacked up against any of the Democratic party candidates. You would think, for that reason alone, that Linda McMahon would be happy to have a reason to argue issues with someone during the primary season? But no... She's as pissed as a wrestler after too many steroid shots.
Hi everybody! I am here to announce the winner of the July 30th Blog Hop. All the DT's cards were so beautiful, thank you so much girls!
finances, job, and in every area of my life. The glory of God is manifested in
Tonight we respond to an urgent letter from a divorced father of one who realizes that he has romantic feelings for other men. We give him a rundown of how to best accept his new-found homosexuality.
Love the reunion pics! Were you at Emmett's?
Lynda MacGibbon is a transplanted Maritimer living in Toronto. This column appears each Friday in the Moncton Times & Transcript. Email her at lmacgibbon@gmail.com. Follow her on Twitter@lyndamacgibbon
Today is Safer Internet Day, with a focus this year on learning to be safe online together, intergenerationally. I think this is a great focus as I think often some of the 'be safe online' advice that we are encouraged to give to the young is too broad and basic, and starts from too scared a position. It's like the standard 'stranger danger' advice given to primary age children that makes me more than a little nervous. Kids are, statistically, more at risk from people known to them than strangers, and many younger kids are led to believe that greeting neighbours (whom you see often but don't 'know' in any real sense) is dangerous or somehow bad.
The next Beer Dinner at The Plough Inn in Myrniong is one well worth setting time aside for. In an attempt to do a sort “Best of the Best” guests will be given two things – a scorecard and twenty beers. We will gather together as many of the beers as we have showcased over the last year and serve them one after the other with plenty of delicious finger food in order to find the People’s Choice Top 5 Beers.
In my previous article in this series, I spoke about some of the factors which affect a Mediums communication with a spirit on the other side. In this piece I will outline some of the difficulties facing a Psychic.
For dinner, the manager from the hotel made a reservation at the Lettered Olive, a wonderful restaurant located on site. Their specialty is local, fresh seafood. It sounded delicious and did not disappoint!
The Beer: Wilderness plans to offer a whole gambit of beers that are constantly evolving and rotating. They plan is to brew anything from mild to extreme beers, to (and emphatically) sours.
He’s gonna surely break this heart of mine
560ml double cream
Most of this is done without your knowledge and you have to have very high security settings on your browser to defend against many of them.
All his life, Martyr had been told by doctors that he and the other clones of the Jason Farms had one purpose to fulfill: to expire on their eighteenth birthday in order to save the people on the outside from the toxic air. But when Martyr sneaks outside to fulfill his wish of seeing the stars at least once before he dies, he discovers his life at the Jason Farms has been a lie, and his purpose may be something far different than he could have imagined.
Not only is Alona going to nitpick your present of choice, she's also already dead. So let's hear all the interesting things you'd give this wayward spirit for her special day!
Who knew that when I wrote THIS post it would be all too telling. Half Marathon #2 for the season went off again...with just a minor hitch. 40-some degree starting line temps and 20-30mph winds. Yeah....it was chilly and I was not too prepared for it. My knee-high socks were a God send ....not just a funky fashion statement! Despite the cold temperatures (which really would have been great, if I had been better prepared), I give this race an A+. Superb organization, fun atmosphere, lots of course support and a great host-city.
Dog Brewing Company
Ahh, I’m terrible at choosing just 3 but I have to give a special mention to “Saving All My Love for You”. I like the romance brewing between Quinn and the Jesus kid (aka Joe). It’s out of character for Quinn because the Queen bee always seemed destined to date the typical jock and Joe definitely does not fit into that category. Without sarcasm, he’s genuinely wholesome. Also, I think Quinn is such an underrated singer. I wish she had more solos because while the other female voices in the glee club packs a powerful punch, there’s a delicateness to Quinn’s voice.
video credits: asianwild231988@youtube
Equipment required:
Like the previous example I featured from the Otley range - Darko - there is a 'natural' feel to this beer which also helps to set it apart. It feels vital and fresh, but also (and rather mysteriously) it feels unique - even though you know full well that, ultimately, it really isn't. I find that to be a quite dazzling characteristic of Otley's creations.
1. Tomorrow you'll be thinking to yourself?
April's Kit Tutorial is here- Send Me Soaring that you will absolutely love !!! The set itself is very versatile especially when you see the projects that I have created. In this tutorial, I have created 4 cards and a 3-d item ( cardbox) with step by step instructions and pictures that are so easy to follow.
*DSP - Kaiserkraft
The Bay City Rollers were a Scottish Pop Band popular worldwide during the 1970′s and one of the first examples of the dreaded musical genre known as “The Boy Band“.
It takes three of us to make sun
I have a few projects, which created for Swirlydoos, left and I'd like to share the cards I made, for Swirlydoos Card Adventure.
Let’s call this – 2011 transition #2.
- beet
~Since the ad will be placed on my homepage, keep in mind the retro style of the blog and try to design your ad accordingly. Simple and sweet.
Whatever happens next, I’m shocked by the sheer amount and intensity of what I’ve written. Not one poem from the inventory below is ready for prime-time yet, but most of them contain interesting ideas, juxtapositions, and bits of language. It’s as if I squeezed in a writing retreat through random 30-60 minute blocks. The numbers refer to dates; I started storing drafts in an “april12poems” folder about three days in, when I realized I really was committed and would lose track of process otherwise.
1. Michael Smith (N) 35; 2t. Ryan Carney (N) 42, Joe Dorrian (N) 42; 4. Dillon D’Arrigo (I) 44; 5. Nick Micallef (I) 45; 6. Miles Capodieci (N) 48; 7t. Connor Burnich (N) 49, Alex Johns (N) 49; 9. Jaime Silverberg (I) 55.
This morning I did a speed work set on my bike with a group of folks. As I rode my bike home through my residential neighborhood, I noticed a driver approach an intersection, begin to roll through it, glance to his right and then pull out. He stopped his car 6 inches shy of hitting my bike (with my feet clipped into the pedals). This brush with an individual who had forgotten the basic rules of driving (10 and 2, look both ways, don’t hit people), reminded me that sometimes we forget to “look both ways” before plenty of things.
Maybe I should stop cooking so much..mmm..its a thought..lol..
Finally, one step ahead, one realizes that truth for the modern day westerner is on the one hand what makes a consensus and on the other hand what no one can deny, this second point implying the first. There exists in effect a primacy of negation: is considered to be true what one cannot deny. Moreover, in a certain number of cases, one cannot deny an assertion or its contrary. For example one cannot deny the existence of God or Gods non-existence. We consequently conclude that "It is not important to know whether God exists or not, what is important is the manner in which one believes or disbelieves".
A fundamentalist young woman (hmmm) who grows up without a tv (check) and wearing skirts (only required for church & concerts) who loses her faith/has a crisis of faith (HHHmmmm) after she gets in an accident (wait a minute...?) ... okay... a plane accident that leaves her with major burn scars (car accident thankfully did not cause any burns!) and moves to Sin City/Vegas and .... ahem... finds her faith again?
Stamp - A Special Gift - LOTV
Dougy Giro 3:16
I never had a problem with my hospital appointments and she constantly took work off me so that I did not overdo myself.
C) Boyfriends. Not all of them. In fact, not most of them. But a few straight-up sucked.
When the lovely Georgina Dollface had a blog break a few weeks ago she decided to keep a list of daily thoughts and observations and then blog about them when she got back. I loved reading them....they gave a great glimpse into her day so I thought I would do the same for our Thai holiday (I won't do it all in one go cause I think both thee and me would lose the will to live!). Soooo, here goes....
*pinch of cayenne pepper
When the neoconservative movement burst on the American scene in the last years of the 20th century, some thinkers in the older and more, well, conservative ends of the American right noted with a good deal of disquiet that the "neocons" had very little in common with conservatism in any historically meaningful sense of that word. In the Anglo-American world, conservatism had its genesis in the writings of Edmund Burke (1729-1797), who argued for an organic concept of society, and saw social and political structures as phenomena evolving over time in response to the needs and possibilities of the real world. Burke objected, not to social change—he was a passionate supporter of the American Revolution, for instance—but to the notion, popular among revolutionary ideologues of his time (and of course since then as well), that it was possible to construct a perfect society according to somebody’s abstract plan, and existing social structures should therefore be overthrown so that this could be done.
After nine dropped cell phone calls for help, couple dies – An elderly couple desperately tries to use their cell phone to call for help after their car becomes stuck in a ditch just 20 yards from their home. The calls aren’t connected. The lack of help leads to their deaths.
While those who have read Forster will naturally find more in this book than those who have not, it can be read with appreciation by anyone, and any reader will find it informative. Definitely recommended.
Now that I have been living alone for sometime (soon to be over as R is joining me in a day or so), my grocery list has a..how to say it...' longer shelf life'. That is good. And not so, as well. You see, if I buy something, then I must come up with recipes to use them (I am a compulsive cook. I cannot exist without venturing into the kitchen. Just 15 minutes with all the flavors and the stress just drains away). And that means having to find ways of making so called ' incompatible' ingredients marry each other.
5. When I Have You
The romantic comedy has had great reviews. Ann Hornaday from The Washington Post said “Forget hackneyed clichés about Players and Dreamers and the scheming women who seek to domesticate them. Focus on the pleasures of watching a group of gifted actors spar and seduce each other with genuine warmth, and ‘Think Like a Man’ just might go straight to your head.” I haven’t seen it yet but I’m sure this movie is going down in history as a classic and one of peoples’ favorite romantic comedies.
It is hard to tell this story in a linear way, because it just didn't seem to happen that way. There were good times and it wasn't all 911 drama and emergencies. We went home happy and excited. We played with Julia and took a million pictures. We introduced her to the puppy, as we had worrisomely planned for months, which went fine, of course. Julia slept mostly and was very content. We showed her each of the rooms of the house. I was exhausted but thrilled, of course.
Oh, why??? Just cause Austin bought a SHOTGUN.
Omni- present burden
It's been a while. I just logged in to Blogger and found 6 draft blog posts, all abandoned halfway through writing, sitting there waiting to be attended to.
Instead, we will cull Tory MPs in Parliament. It has been reported that Tory MPs are claiming £2.4 trillion in coffee expenses in the Houses of Parliament coffee shop. So, we will cull all elected Tory MPs and the saved money will be diverted to the cuddly toy moon landing project.
TO PREPARE PANEER-
So I sat in my backyard, in the glorious spring sunshine, and turned 54 bags inside out. The bags come from a few different suppliers, and vary in their ease of insideoutability. Some of the bags are fairly stiff, and the standard thing seems to be that when they're sealed for shipping, they are sewn across the top with a mixture of red and white thread, which is really thin string. In what I've come to think of as the Good Bags, it's fairly easy to cut the strings at one end, and pull on the white one, thereby easily unraveling the whole business. Indeed, in these bags, I rarely had to do that, because it was obviously easy enough for the brewers to have done it themselves.
“I’ll wait for you folks. Whatever time this takes,” Mr. Bowen assured them.
Fabric: Hand dyed by BeckySC
Then, it caused males to grow breasts. Then people wised up to that.
- Continue to willingly support all the illegitimate negro children and the negro behavior that is the underlying cause of that situation (including the dereliction of absentee fathers).
How do you file your bills etc?
The survey is specifically for those of you who manage 1 or more person/s. If you have a spare few minutes to complete the survey, it would be very much appreciated.
We got to a low point and for the first time in 24 hours, the wind stopped. Dead Animal was sleeping down there as he always seems to be. We plopped down and took a long break sprawled out. Drop zone passed out almost immediately and snored. When Peter got there, he pulled off his shoes and showed us his massive foot blisters, one of which was literally 3in x 1in and when he shook his foot, the fluid inside jiggled.
Just smile and say hello
-Japanese beheaded several soldiers on the Nitta Mary
We are still continuing with our challenge of using a new combination. It is a lot nicer to be able to have a couple more weeks to spend on each challenge rather than just the fortnight.
Right, that's all the good stuff. Now it's time for a rant.
Cause he's nasty in smell as well as temperament.
From the Latin word
It is. I’m pregnant. Please settle in little bug, we already love you so much.
The Day After Wars
recordings, his tempi could often seem to be very slow;
Before I ended this post (for now), some lucky Colleges will be visited by Carlos Alazraqui and Cedric Yarbrough. I’ll post the schedule soon.
At lunch, I was happy to see Lindsay’s arms full of pages. She dropped them on the table, and Nick even had a bunch.
I do. Start now, don’t wait. I wish I wouldn’t have listened to some voice in me that said, “You can’t write because you hate planning and making outlines.” That was how fear disguised itself to me. There are millions of resources online and lots of authors eager to help new writers learn the craft. Whether you want to publish or write to entertain yourself or record your family’s history, there’s a place for you. Get started!
With an agenda to fall in love with Toronto, Necessary Angel is exploring civic engagement. The presentation will bring you personalities from Toronto City Council, speeches from budget deputations and stories about people who inhabit this city. We may dance, we may sing, we may jeer…
With so much going on since we have moved back to Rigby I will just start with the big important stuff...with that being said I am happy to say I got a new job. Say hello to the store manager at Gymboree in Idaho Falls! It was a very sudden change to take on. They contacted me on a Tuesday and offered me the job on Friday. I have no regrets taking it on and love it so far. My district manager is great, My team is amazing and Kam's wardrobe is growing substantially. All in all life is good. Kam's growing so fast and has more personality than I can handle. (I can't imagine where he gets that from....)
Hey all. My third triathlon was a huge success! I haven’t got the official results to see where I “placed” but I improved or stayed about the same in all areas! Here are my first and second attempts.
We find these easy to make flat breads quite tasty and are perfect with hummus and we are looking forward to trying them with other meals.
We bought a bag of this on spec a couple of weeks ago, and OMFG WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE. The mix smells rich and cinnamony (cinnamonish?) with a hint of chili; it's got actual chunks of honest-to-god dark chocolate in it, and the taste is indescribably decadent. So dense and creamy you can make it with just hot water and it is still fantastic; I haven't even tried it with hot milk yet because I'm afraid the sheer awesomeness would cause a stroke.
06-23 Neuhausen, Germany – Southside Festival
Forword to a special edition by the Prime Minister's Office 1957
One of the advantages of being a Mama to three girls of such varying ages, is that I always have a sounding board when I am trying to create fun and engaging learning activities for teaching.
May 03 1:31 AM
‘‘(ii) shall be considered proprietary information and shall not be disclosed to an entity outside of the Federal Government except as authorized by the entity sharing such information; and
Me – Oh. That’s nice of you…sorry, I decided to nap…the phone woke me up. How long have you been standing here?
The scene at the dinner table - three opposite three. On this side, in by the fire and away from the cold, there sat the dialysis crew. Me, him and another.
People, what you are accepting IS NOT NORMAL. It is NOT ACCEPTABLE. None of it. But it becomes the norm and acceptable in SA. You are a part of that society which permits it, like it or not. I am no longer, because I found myself incompatible with that society. Are you compatible with it? Do you like what you are becoming as a consequence of being a member of that society?
The story opens when “Cornelius Treacle Christian of the Brooklyn Treacles and the Bronx Christians” returns to the city “on a monstrous boatload of sorrow” after a decade of education abroad; with one dead wife, who kicked-it during the voyage, one suitcase and barely one penny to his name. “Full of dying” and pining for Ireland, the grey skies and woollen blankets which “smelled like sheep”, Cornelius begins to settle into his new life, a new world of soot and baby cockroaches, “great silent weeping streams of people” and city streets bustling with “blacksmiths, bakers and candlestick makers of a hundred years ago.” Penniless and in debt to the funeral home for his wife’s burial, Cornelius gets offered a job by the sprightly funeral parlour owner, Mr Clarance Vine, who seems to be convinced that Cornelius has “the culture and the elegance” required for the hallowed vocation. Nothing could be further from the truth, yet undeterred and sure of his apprentice’s aptitude, Clarance is keen to impart the wisdom he has acquired: “To love your work is happiness”; “This isn’t death. All this is life”; “sorrow demands a perfect temperature”. All this while Cornelius absentmindedly ponders how best to move his “balls to the left side” of his trouser leg, restrain an “engorged perpendicularity” while talking to the female bereaved, or grab a “tasty handful” of some unsuspecting woman’s ass.
Branding is a slow process because it requires time to educate the consumer as to what the brand value means, and then more time for the consumer to assess the full meaning of the brand proposition, to decide if it fits the consumer's wish-list and to try it out.
I have often re-imagined the striking sight of the line of yellow cabs driving down the old rural road I have traveled down so many times myself. Did other people see them? They must have. Did the onlookers know where they were going? Did they tell their wives or girlfriends first?
me feel pleasure and
Making war just for fun
It was otherworldly and I chalk it up to one word: tiède. The pain au raisin that I received—and promptly demolished—was still a bit warm from the oven. This meant that the butter and pastry cream or whatever was baked into it made the dough soft and springy, sweet and savory, melty and just this side of rich. It put a spring in my step all day.
“What do you think? If a man owns a hundred sheep, and one of them wanders away, will he not leave the ninety-nine on the hills and go to look for the one that wandered off? And if he finds it, truly I tell you, he is happier about that one sheep than about the ninety-nine that did not wander off. In the same way your Father in heaven is not willing that any of these little ones should perish.” (Matthew 18: 12-14)
Bizarre because, considering the daily stories of mob violence throughout cities across the US and the continuing financial crisis hitting America's denizens, the hurricane is not as much of a threat to the average citizen as the likelihood of being assaulted by a flash mob is.
Co-Founder, Lipan Apache Women Defense
You used to smile at anyone who smiled at you, but lately you've been a little skittish around strangers.
Sports have been my connection to the world. I don't mean that figuratively. When I was young, I was the shortest kid in class, and I wore glasses thicker than the Youngstown phone book, and I felt certain that I had nothing to offer the world. And then I discovered that if I knew a lot about the Cleveland Browns, the other kids in my class might ask me if they would win on Sunday. If I understood the Cleveland Indians, they might ask me what I thought about the latest trade. And so on.
Flashing lights,
I watched you through the eyes
Well. I’m not sure where to begin. For one, I went to Disneyland! Even though I’ve been there before, I think this time, it really lived up to being the happiest place on Earth. I had an incredible time. There was not a moment I was not smiling/laughing/screaming(withjoy). I’m not sure what made it different. Maybe it was the people I was with, or the fact that I was willing to go on more rides and try things.
Back on forest floor level, we completed the loop back to the visitors’ centre where, if we had our girls with us, we would have been talked into buying some souvenirs but my son tells me he’s too old for that stuff now, warmed up a bit with hot chocolate from the café and jumped in the car to head home.
Melodies from crystals shiny
6 large potatoes, peeled and sliced thin
I created a layout fore the Let's Scrap Challenge 134, which has a Phantom of the Opera inspiration theme for this challenge. So I wanted to create a dramatic and elegant layout for an auspicious occasion, this being my sisters 40th birthday party.
Drew's first music production, "Fix You" by Cold Play
I came downstairs one morning after showering to find Scarlett sitting on the couch just going to town on the oatmeal cookies I made.
-making waves like Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes
These are predators of the silt sea which lurk just underneath the silt waiting for prey. When attacking they use blindingly fast psionically powered flight to attack with their sharp-edged wings.
Ok, now that I've been a downer.....
Even if you fall sometimes
umm...chocolate milk. Or any red juice. Or virgin strawberry daiquiris. Or milkshakes? I can't decide :)
I have not scrapped much lately! I've been unmotivated. Everything else has seemed more pressing... so I'm really glad to have finally broken the lull.
To make my deck the best.
So, I’m sorry. I never posted yesterday. I was having a lazy, uninspired day. I didn’t eat anything fun for lunch, and I didn’t take any pictures. I figured, I’ll eat something for dinner that I can share. And I did! I took pictures and everything. Then my mom came over after dinner and we talked for like an hour and then I fell asleep when she left. Pretty much sums up my day.
Well...I've decided to delete my blog. I am just basically over the whole "weight loss" thing. OVER IT! As in I am going to stuff my face tonight until the entire 2 oz I've lost over the last 5 months is back and fatter than ever! Do you think it will distributely evenly into both ass cheeks? Knowing my luck it will be 1.5 oz in the left and .5oz in the right. Yeah.
I ask again do I need to take a break. Or is it that I want to break free completely?
Then we parted and I was so extremely happy.
Share your own memories or reasons why you love your spouse; “Just Because” presents that express your affection.
I do not see them.
DAY 5 -Action
Americans are waking-up! In cities all across America, ordinary people are standing-up and demanding simple justice, equality and human dignity. Together we are reclaiming our country.
Now, as she suggested, I should start to pack actual clothing....don't want to forget clothing :)
WSJ: President Obama’s TV health-care forum …was … revealing. Namely, Mr. Obama shared more than he probably intended about the kind of rationing that his health plan will inevitably impose.
We are lions, and we like to prowl.
However, following on from my last post,
The “Onion Browser,” built by Mike Tigas, uses The Onion Router (TOR) network, a system originally built by the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory that routes browsing traffic worldwide through a network of servers. The Onion Browser is compatible with iPhones and iPads running iOS 5.0 and higher.
I was interviewed recently for an article in the San Diego Union Tribune and asked what I thought about the trend of whiskey dinners. Oy vey, it's a trend now. What I didn't know what time of the interview was that two such dinners were in the works, either of which I would happily attend.
x x x Petitioners furthermore insist that a particular land need not be formally released by an act of the Executive before it can be deemed open to private ownership, citing the cases of Ramos v. Director of Lands and Ankron v. Government of the Philippine Islands.
In a large mixing bowl, beat the butter until creamy. Add the sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Add the egg and beat until combined.
As in the first book Jonathan is taken to some dark places but no matter how dark things get Truth is always there to make light of them. Like its predecessor (no pun intended), the book is shot through with wry humour and off-hand allusions to all manner of people from Kafka to Einstein via Frankie Howard.
I'm also grateful that I get to share my passion, right here, with you.
Having a supper plan
Cal State East Bay alumna Marcia Somers has been named city manager for the City of Los Altos. Somers is the second woman to serve as Los Altos’ city manager. She earned a master’s degree in public administration from Cal State East Bay.
Your entry must be a new never blogged before creation- no backlinking please!
2/3 ounce Cynar
-It is not so much that you ignore your negative feelings as that you process them incompletely....see how your feelings are experienced in your body.
Significant, too, is the fact that he acknowledges that he has family members who are gay/lesbian, and that he loves them. It is rare that a prelate speaks personally, let alone personally and positively about LGBT people.
I love this sampler, made in 1878.
-David Spade, Just Shoot Me
angry mob
If we where out picking theese ones i probably would have two full baskets.
This year the doctor also talked at length about playing outdoors and to try keep TV and video games to a minimum of two hours a day. I already have even stricter limits on both of these digital demons- so I was thinking my kids are in pretty good shape.
The deadline is 6pm (UK time) on Thursday the 31st of May.
All0tment – rain has stipped me getting there to check the peas, but I repotted some tomatoes earlier – have to repot the Amish ones (again) and the earlies, but I’ve run out of compost….will buy more tomorrow (assuming it’s on offer – 81p!!!)
7.Fissura
“I think about color all the time, do you?...do you want to do a project around color?” ---Responding with a 'YES!' to that email from Lynne Perrella was the domino that started a chain reaction of good fortune and involvement with a fabulous group of artists that has lasted a decade or more.
Butler lifts lid on ‘deception’ (page 2)
In the mean time here is the pages I have been working on lately!
'Roses and lavender the fragrant symbols of love
We cannot know all the paths to take
We get home...Go to our game...Come home and we get a phone call from Andrew's parents saying that his sister was a mess because her boyfriend had broke up with her.
"The people of your culture cling with fanatical tenacity to the specialness of man. They want desperately to perceive a vast gulf between man and the rest of creation. This mythology of human superiority justifies their doing whatever they please with the world, just the way Hitler’s mythology of Aryan superiority justified his doing whatever he pleased with Europe. But in the end this mythology is not deeply satisfying. The Takers are a profoundly lonely people. The world for them is enemy territory, and they live in it like an army of occupation, alienated and isolated by their extraordinary specialness.” Daniel Quinn
I love the good times. Who doesn’t? Everything flows, everything comes easy, and it feels like nothing in the world could ever go wrong.
PS- Justin? You might want to loose the bleached spikes and the "totally rad" threads. You look like a 40 year old trying to look 20. And some folks might get the impression you need to go through the Exodus program again. That's a real cred killer in your line of work.
Connect with your support systems. Often, abusers try to isolate their partners. Talk to your friends, family members, teachers and others to make sure you’re getting the emotional support you need. Remember, our advocates are always ready to talk if you need a listening ear.
ceiling fan.
The Rec Room Film Series presents THE MEANING OF LIFE
LOVE this feature.
The Haier Group of China has invested $35 million in a joint venture with Ruba General Trading Company, for the production and marketing of a range of domestic appliances. Its factory is located near Lahore and products are available across Pakistan.
Kris Henderson's Erosion Bundle Project, also based on DisCo, is in its last stages. You can see the artwork that the participants created with their decayed bundles here.
Then after applying Revlon Nail Enamel in 050 White On White with a toothpick to create the scales effect, I added on another two layers of OPI Catch Me in Your Net. It does look a little like snake skin...
The Lackawanna And Erie Express Band
The cupcake from Create a cupcake stamp set goes well with the paper.
There are many liberal articles, online and in print, that have tried to glorify McBride and thereby justify his past criminal actions. Obviously most of these publications base their views on McBride’s own pompous attitude of himself and also on what was said at the TRC hearings, but many publications, like this one for example, also highlight McBride’s disadvantaged and turbulent childhood years, and also the fact that he was a mixed-race (Coloured) individual, – as if these attributes were an excuse for his unlawful and barbaric acts of violence, and the cold-blooded murder of innocent civilians – black and white!
99. Hey, can you do me a HUGE favour!? Ask me on a date in front of my friend over there? +
I do not want to stand in lines at a pharmacy to buy legal drugs.
Finally Michelle called with the news that one of the three original editors was still interested in my book, an editor who also happened to work for Random House. MAY became one of five Tricycle titles kept in the Random House family and became a spring 2012 title for imprint Schwartz and Wade.
So what does the current popularity of steampunk tell us about today's zeitgeist?
The article ends with an invitation that curiously endorses a single blogging platform and just might backfire by creating more governmental watchdogs:
* Practical experiences and even testimony of people who have integrated the technology in their classrooms and/or assignments. This helps emensely, because it provides specificity and makes the potential real (but ideally not over-hyped on the social media tech panacea Kool-aid)
That the affair threatened India’s massive trade with Iran, and could derail India’s capacity to formulate its foreign policy, was not lost in Delhi. A number of Indian politicians and senior officials made the government’s position clear. Commerce Minister Anand Sharma said that terrorism and trade were “separate issues,” and that business with Iran would continue. A former diplomat of India and now a leading commentator, M. K. Bhadrakumar, described the Israeli offensive as a “smear campaign” that “Tehran’s agents had been going about placing bombs in New Delhi, Tbilisi and Bangkok.”
Imagine this:
"The phenomenon of grotesquery as a means of questioning gender norms and identity isn’t confined to women. Johannes Göransson is a male poet working in this field. He relies on the Julia Kristeva’s framework of the Abject, which centres on the othering, fracturing, exploding and mutilating the speaker’s body and consciousness through a regime of continual violence and transgression:
By the way, when I first started medicating my son at age 5 to go to school and stay out of special ed classrooms...babies as young as 6 months were being given medication for behavior. Why the hell would a 6 month old baby need to focus???? That was 12 years ago. I can't imagine what it is now. And this is not for serious, life-threatening disease, but to control "behavior", as defined by psychiatrists. They hold the power of labels over your children. Which is better, to be called a brat, or to be called an aspergerian and be considered mentally ill and be medicated or trained like an animal in "social behavior" ? (Do you know any of the stories of successful autists? Not one would give up their autism for 'social awareness' . Their autism is what made them successful. The word they used to be called was "gifted". You know, "scary smart"?)
Walking around a trade show, you'll also see just how important it is to answer the question 'what makes us different?'
Misunderstand
One of the great things about patroling at Ft. Pickens in the summer is being able to observe osprey. Many of the tall pine trees which died in the aftermath of Hurricane Ivan have had their bleak skeletons claimed as prime nest sites by both osprey and herons in this area of Gulf Islands National Seashore.
Just a short thought for today.
Above the fold Where the most important stories land in a newspaper, above where it’s folded in half in a broadsheet
-Then I added olive oil to the correct consistency.
...anyway, Zumwalt gives his all: eyes bulging, voice roaring, bald head sweating and coming very close to ripping off a few peoples' arms a few times. Now why couldn't HE have been the star of Over The Top?
Instead of getting down to studying because I woke up so late, which would have been ideal for me to do considering the limited amount of hours I had left for this day to end, I procrastinated. I spent over an hour eating breakfast, tearing away bits of bread and staring at them like bread was the most interesting thing on the planet.
Shu and co. get all ready for combat, loading up and all that, a few contrived moments of ‘how sad, how epic, final battle, blah blah blah’ happen.
This has been the “classic old trick” of email marketers. But there are tons of people that get cut right here. “Oh, just low- commitment, I will be better off without them”. Sure you would.
Oh, who can bear to be without that supreme man!? His glances, pleasant smile and sweet words dispel the composure and pride of proud sweethearts. My hairs stood up to celebrate the touch of his feet!!!
According to Uganda Bureau of Statistics (UBOS) Uganda’s inflation rate slumped to 21.2 percent in March from a revised 25.7 percent in February 2012.
Its all in a state of mind
WWE.com wrote: ”Since being appointed Executive Administrator by Mr. Laurinaitis, Eve has certainly established her presence, showing no qualms in wielding her newfound power. From her relentless mistreatment of Theodore Long to her shocking firing of The Bella Twins earlier in the week, Eve has definitely made the most of her opportunity.”
1 organ
So I know I’ve been MIA. I’ve just been trying to enjoy life as much as I can. Let’s have a recap of some things. Lately, Kyle and I have been connected at the hip which makes me super happy. He told me he loved me the other night before we went to sleep. I’m so happy with him. Regarding my eating disorder, I have been trying not to think about it and when I do I just try and distract myself with a book or magazine that doesn’t have anything to do with food like cosmo. I feel like it’s working to a certain point. I feel like i’m just trying to hide a serious problem and below the surface the problem is still huge and lurking. But I”M TRYING. Trying not to get as anxious when I go out to eat or not know what kind of food is going to be at a party. I still need help though and I’m looking into it. My best friend is helping me thank God for her.
and the good news keeps on coming because....
A friend of ours gave him this chicken hat as a joke (I think!) but Noah wants to wear it everywhere and now that it's getting cold, he insists on wearing to school... and, as his teachers informed me, wearing it DURING school.
It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are. ~e.e. cummings
04. Purple Rain - Daniela Procopio / 3:49
11.6k - Acceptance of one another and encouragement to spiritual growth in our congregations
Limpid as the sun threatens to beckon
or read a little while,
I’m absolutely confused by how other people view this season and pretty much Angel in general. I’m not too surprised that The Magic Bullet isn’t a top ten for everyone, but at 54 that puts it in the middle of the pack. That was hardly a mediocre episode. My next few picks also find themselves in a mediocre range as ranked by others. Yet the season finale and premier both rank much higher than I have them. Those are transition episodes and while they are necessary they are not entertaining episodes. The finale is totally tacked on and just serves as a bridge to the next season yet that ranks in the top 20? I’m not surprised that Spin the Bottle is ranked much higher than where I have it. It is a showy episode that is directed by Whedon that I just am not enamored with because the premise is so tired. I’ll give that a pass since I can see why people would get excited about it, but the rest of these rankings just baffle me.
“‘An honor killing is a murder, carried out by a family to punish a female family member who has supposedly brought dishonor upon the family……”
This Willy Russell classic is a book in addition to a stage musical. The original production was published as being a school play and presented in 1981. Russell after that launched it into a fabulous play, which in turn opened, through the Liverpool Playhouse in 1983, starring Barbara Dickson and Andrew C Wadsworth. It was only a modest success. The show transferred to London where it played for only six months before closing. Bill Kenwright took over the show and following a successful year long nationwide tour it opened in the Albery Theatre (now The Noel Coward Theatre) in London in 1988 before transferring it to the Phoenix Theatre.
That was a tribute to the renewed form of Gigi Buffon but also the manager, whose faith in Leonardo Bonucci and Andrea Barzagli at centre-back was such that he was prepared to even ask Chiellini to play out on the left. Each responded with one of the best seasons of their careers, Bonucci proving himself adept not only as a defender but also a distributor of the ball who could help launch his team onto another offensive.
It's not very clear b/c I had to use my bf's work laptop webcam - literally the only way I could get pics taken and on to the pc cause I still can't find my camera.
1. Rani is a gorgeous 1 yr old Jack Russell located at Jack Russell Rescue in NSW. She walks well on the lead and full of energy. If you would like to meet her please call Jill on 0408491542. www.jrtrescue.net/
Have a great Half Term if that applies to you . Otherwise have a great week .
I don’t know if you’ve ever polished silverware, but somewhere between frowning at smudgy cutlery and getting brasso all over my hands, I ended up looking at myself in the back of a spoon.
Money contributed towards mortgage (target $480): $334.60
My mood was so great I started going for daily bike rides through parks and around town just feeling the strength in my legs build and the happiness in my heart increasing.
Last week, I posted the list of 1940′s Films I came up with that I aspired to watch. I knew I would not be able to watch them all, so I asked for recommendations from readers about which films I should make it a point not to miss. Here are the results! What I will end up doing is making most of the films with votes a priority, with an additional few that received no votes. There are a few of these that are hard to get ahold of, and this may be an additional factor as to what gets seen.
Blue Labour.
One of the things I love most about Calder is his joy. He delighted life with a vibrancy frequently seen in children but that gets lost when we reach adulthood. But not Sandy because he played all his life. He made things, out of wire or tin cans and bits of cloth. He created a circus that he performed hundreds of times. You can click the link and see him perform it, or go to the Whitney Museum and see the actual circus. He was the original performance artist.
Copyright 2012 MisfitWisdom RLV
Peek a boo...really does this ever get old? (Later it will be called hide and seek, but it's still the same concept.)
And yet. Browsing the internet for opinion on the matter, we meet a mass of peremptory protest, which I must now counter-protest. Different than is not grammatically incorrect, nor can it be dismissed as a common grammar error or an eyebrow-raising gaffe, let alone one of the 10 dumbest grammar mistakes. It is neither a nasty and glaring error nor a flagrant grammar mistake that makes you look stupid or dumb. You may call different than abominable, but this is a matter of taste. You may call it ignorant, but you would be wrong, and unaware of the unfortunate irony.
I want to chat in more detail about how much yarn was used for StashDown. There was quite a discussion about how to calculate how many repeats to do to maximise usage. I got some helpful comments, which I’ve held off on publishing, in order to give the topic more time in a later post.
200g blue cheese, roughly chopped
Sitting in a classroom discussing the various solutions to complex problems is important, and I have enjoyed my graduate studies immensely. But my travel to India reminded me that the world is also a classroom. Visiting places where the reality is in stark contrast to my own helped further inform my knowledge of how best to empower poor women, while teaching me lessons in humility, bravery and sheer determination.
Bittered with Sorachi Ace and finished with Crystal hops
The point is that according to network ethics, in a chain of logic to be described another time, the fundamental maxim is as follows: “Let all your networks operate at maximum robustness.” This is an immanent, flat, and anti-transcendent ethical doctrine. It is justified by the discipline of metaleptics, and employed by the discipline of practics to specific situations. Within this maxim, robustness should be understood as sustainable complexity, and complexity as the potential to produce greater complexity in the future (the discussion of potential should also be relegated to another time).
Diana apparently wore a lunar- shaped crown upon her brow. I will never find one like that in Gap or Ghost.
Unit 20, Centre Park
This album contains 32 works of three pioneering guitarist and composer of classical Spanish guitar as Fernando Sor, Dionisio Aguado and Francisco Tarrega.
Her post reminded me I still had one of those boxes lurking in a corner and no idea what to do with it.
Unwanted by New ham, unwanted by Stoke. "We look forward to the Olympic flame – but not east London's exiles" - Tristram Hunt.
I was totally convinced that Anne Glass aka the hot chick from Terminator: Salvation, was Native American. Hell, her name is Moon Bloodgood after all. Turns out she’s Korean, Irish and Dutch. Oops, my bad. She’s perty and she likes to use her hands a lot in a strange, overly graceful way. Like she’s in a soap commercial or something. It’s her way of showing tenderness and sexual tension during the scenes between her and Tom. They totally want to bang, they just have to hold out until Tom rescues his middle child (why is it always the middle child that gets screwed??) and they’re on the offensive against the skitters.
“Oh hey man its Daniel. Jacobs tried to remember who Ethan was.,it didn’t matter. OK thanks I’ll try him at home.”
I feel like I haven't gotten much done in the last week, but really I didn't do too bad!
The presumption of validity for the patent does apply in the second window. The petitioner may challenge a patent based on any defense the challenger could raise in district court litigation, but the existence, authentication, availability, and scope of any evidence offered to establish invalidity must be established by clear and convincing evidence. If such predicate facts are established, invalidity shall be proven only if the persuasive force of such facts demonstrates invalidity by a preponderance of the evidence.
I have no excuse.
Begin with a simple lunch or coffee date. You want to keep the date casual so suggesting meeting up for lunch or coffee can be a good start. This way, if the date didn’t go so well, you can end the date there but if you enjoy each other company, you have the rest of the day to spend getting to know each other better.
The only problem was, for some inexplicable reason, the color never materialized–the sun dropped, the light faded, and we were teased with no more than a few whispers of pink. For anyone who had put all their eggs in the brilliant sunset basket, this would have been a major disappointment. But (in my opinion) what we did get was even better.
Today I am going to show you some of the new products that are on my wish list! Later this week I am going to share how I have used some of these products in my house. My favorite thing about the products are how versatile they are. I can use them year round, for formal or informal occasions.
And you. The Enemy wants you dead now. He recognizes how dangerous you are to him. You have been trained with the sword of the Spirit. You’ve been trained with God’s Word. You are a threat to him, and he wants you out of the way. And he thinks he has you in the best place to destroy you. You’re invading the valley of the shadow of death. You’re invading his home territory. He’s got home court advantage.
Sometimes I sit, wonder, and cry
super friendly waiters who smile at all the kids even when they are running around underfoot (not mine of course - actually my little ones were on best behaviour today and I was very proud). I was a little worried that going after church was going to be too much for one day but they were all good as gold.
After experiment in Iraq, more deadly pattern of sectarian violence and clashes was conducted in Pakistan.
But not this week! For lunch this week we have PB&J for grown-ups! Not that limp, peanut-butter-and-white-bread-soaked-with-grape-jelly sandwich that I loathed when I was a child! You see, I've figured out the obvious: that if you use good fruit preserves on good, thick, whole wheat bread, the sandwich doesn't get soggy. Plus, for less than what I have been spending on take-out lunches on Fridays (when I usually go to a client's office for work), I can have a whole week of sandwiches with almond butter. Yum, yum!
41. The Silence of the Lambs (Anthony Hopkins) – Freaks me out.
(3) Charles Smith IV
“While local law enforcement agencies focus on overall safety measures noted above, representatives with the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) will also be on hand, lending their counter-terrorism expertise and support during the exercise,” states the press release.
I love animals with all my heart, but I have to admit - there is seriously something delicious about wearing a fur coat. It is the ultimate fashion luxury.
Amazingly enough, all of my questions from ACPA, have been coming back again while I’m reading my current “fun” book. I’m reading Matched by Ally Condie. It’s a Young Adult novel about a distopian/totalitarian society along the similar vein of The Hunger Games or Divergent. In the novel, people are told what & where to eat, what jobs they’ll have, who they are matched with and will marry, how many children they’ll have, and when they’ll die. In all of this lack of control, lack of voice, the main character is starting to find her voice. In tiny whispers, she starts to question everything she’s known. Now, I’m not questioning everything I’ve ever known. Reading the novel has just reinforced for me that I am privileged to not only have a voice, but to also be able to use that voice to say something worthwhile.
Here we sit in 2012 the 5 year posted rate is 5.29% and the best 5 year rate is 3.29%. Wow what a difference 5 years makes. Now that we can look back, 2007 was not the best time to buy a home. There is a bright spot however, you are able to pay your mortgage faster and possibly with less burden than some who are getting their mortgages today.
I meant it as a compliment. Honest to goodness. When I saw the picture his son had drawn and colored in so nicely with colored pencils, I thought to myself, I'd put that on the bathroom wall! You know, put it in a frame for guests to admire when they have to use the facilities, because it was guest bathroom-worthy art of the kind I'd rarely seen. There can be no greater honor for your kid, after all, than to force people to contemplate their creative endeavors while they're indisposed.
At this point, I’d like to pass on my thanks to the one and only Istvanski who, through the loan of a pair of platform soled high-top Converse All-Star in honour of the first gig and momentous occasion thereof, saved my life.
That's why I spontaneously put on my very casual look to do all the things you're expected to do when nobody cared about your place the past two weeks (including cleaning, washing, first try-outs of ironing, feeling like a real desperate housewife while discovering that my favourite grocery store closed already... all these kind of things - totally feeling like a grownup ;)).
--- Written in 2008 by Denise D'souza --- Pakistan
For example, Perseus was the son of Danae and Zeus. Fine. So far so good. But the god did not come to her in the likeness of her husband Acrisius. Firstly because Acrisius was her FATHER (she did not have a husband)and secondly because Zeus CAME TO HER AS A SHOWER OF GOLD!
3. It is permitted to add, as Class III feasts, all Dominican saints canonized since 1965 on their original days as blesseds, or, if beatified after 1965, on their current day. I have added all such celebrations in the calendar available on the left side bar
When entering the interview people tend to create an imaginary barrier to protect themselves, like holding a bag or a piece of paper. To the interviewer this means insecurity.
As far as essays go, Lewis was the more prolific of the two in this realm, at least in terms of writing essays intended for mass consumption. (There is a reason for this: Tolkien thought that defending the faith was a minister’s job. Lay people shouldn’t be writing theology, in Tolkien’s mind, because it’s outside their area of expertise and their vocational calling. Lewis, obviously, didn’t share this assessment. Their disagreement here was at times quite severe and was one of the many reasons that these two had a very complicated friendship.) That said, Tolkien’s “On Fairy Stories” is an excellent read for anyone interested in fantasy literature or story-telling. Even so, Lewis’ works are the better known: There are several collections of essays published after Lewis’ death: The Weight of Glory, The World’s Last Night and God in the Dock being the three most well-known. Within those books, the ones that have generally had the broadest audience are “The Weight of Glory,” a sermon he once gave, “The World’s Last Night,” an essay on what the coming kingdom means for our day-to-day lives, and “Man or Rabbit?” which is Lewis’ attempt to answer the question “Can’t you live a good life without being a Christian?”
What if the cheater is your best friend? What if the deceived is your best friend?
I found this fabulous large wooden clothespin
"I have today advised the police that nine men should be charged with conspiracy to cause explosions and with engaging in conduct in preparation for acts of terrorism with the intention of either committing acts of terrorism, or assisting another to commit such acts," Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service Counter Terrorism Division, said in the statement.
Now would be a good time to mention that her uncle is like… a robot ox?
In other words, absent the destruction of the item purchased, it was impossible to be “underwater” on the typical installment debt contract of those days, and thus there was no incentive to strategically default.
When you or I make a bad fashion decision only about 10 people might see it.. your kiddos, the gossipy mommies at school, your hubby. Last weekend I ventured out in a huge oversized sweater, ugg boots accompanied by sweat pants.. for some strange reason, my picture did not go viral. Weird.
canola oil for brushing
Cut each slab of the ribs into two pieces for easier handling. Rinse the ribs and drain. Coat the ribs well with the marinade, and marinate them for at least six hours (preferably overnight). Turn them over once after half of the marinating time has passed.
After we (my father and I) visited my mom we went and did some errands that my dad needed done. Then the day was finished with dinner at the mall. What a nice treat. Best of all no cooking or dishes!
The thing is, she's right. It seems Mr. Revere personally wrote an accounting (spelling original, emphasis mine) of his famous ride (via Massachussetts Historical Society):
The problem of course is that there were so very many traits and so very many isolated groups of people and it would take so very long for all these to have assimilated world-wide that it becomes impossible. That was recognized by Wallace, by Darwin and by the more modern people Gould and Wilson. None of these people thought there was a supernatural force directing the rapid evolution of humans, but Wallace was the only one who checked out the possibility of a supernatural force. I praise him for that search even though I believe in death of the directive intelligence and of the spirit at death of the physical body. Wallace’s spiritualist search is approved of by me, but once those supernatural aspects have been found lacking in any consistent, even inconsistent validity, it is time to abandon them and find things which do function. The refusal to abandon non-testable and contingently disproved ideas is what gives modern religion a stubbed toe. But there has been a similar stubbing of intellectual toes by the scientific community because they didn’t recognize the obvious.
When he first came down later this morning, after I was through taking the pictures – he asked “can I sit down now?” and then “are you putting it all back, this looks so stupid.” How nice! After I explained that no, I wasn’t putting it back the way it was, I showed him his new basket for all his junk, I mean, coin catalogues. He buys gold coins just like Glenn Beck. And then he plopped down, despite it looking so stupid, and made himself at home. Him and those slippers socks. Oy. And extra points if you can find Georgie – in her camo colored coat.
Another locked door.
The advocacy group Servicemembers Legal Defense Network (SLDN) reports Loverde will be the second veteran reinstated to active duty — with the same rank (staff sergeant), pay and job he held when deployed to Iraq — since the Pentagon’s controversial policy was repealed in September 2011.
illness causes me to be unable to capably make decisions or experience an acceptable quality of life. Outlined too are my preferences for how and where I’d like to be for The End, as well as my wishes for what happens afterwards. (Hm, and a very happy new year to you too.) But morbid as that may appear (though let’s level with each other here: it’s also morbidly good sense), my defence is that completing these documents was simply the last thing that needed doing on my get-your-house-in-order list. Well, that and swapping our car for something more accessible and with a more wheelchair-friendly boot, but that’s Resolution #2 and already well on the way to being completed.
They also said to cycle calories. I think what would work best for me in doing that is cycling my grains. So sometimes not having grains for breakfast and lunch since my default is usually no grains and I’m wanting to include grains into my diet.
What book(s) should I read?
I also realised that, as amazing as mentoring schemes are, we have to look at the big picture. So many young people today have a different image of what ‘family’ means. It’s not mum and dad, it’s some aunty, or nan, or neighbour, or the state even that looks after them. Some are not look after, they’ve had to fend for themselves for the very basic things.
It's no secret that Saundra Mitchell's Gothic novel, The Vespertine was one of my favorite novels of 2011. I'm a romantic at heart, and drawn to all kinds of anachronisms, and to me, The Vespertine was a book that, wonderfully, and amazingly, just didn't fit in, didn't quite belong amidst all the other young adult books I was reading, and that's a huge part of why I loved Saundra's book and her ethereal writing style quite so much. I've recommended The Vespertine to so many people and talked extensively about it here, so when I received a copy of The Springsweet for an ARC tour, I was thrilled and elated, and I also had high hopes for the sequel to The Vespertine, it being Zora Stewart's story. The Springsweet picks up right at a year after the events of The Vespertine, and it's not a lie to say that when I read the opening passages, I felt like I'd come home, back to Saundra's beautiful writing.
1) Seersucker shorts. For years I've been looking for just the right beachy shorts, in perfect seersucker. The search is off--I'm making my own! I haven't made shorts before, and I don't actually have a pattern, so this might be an adventure...
to stroke my pillow goodbye
I mean, if someone really finds the damn things comfortable…whatever. I’m not that big a bitch.
A: No. I guess...well, I don't know...I mean...
The Court adopts the recommendation.
We remember once visiting a noted ruin, and at the first view our hearts sank, and we exclaimed, “It’s a perfect disappointment. Nothing but a dull blank wall with a little ivy here and there.” “But come around this way,” said our friend “and take another view.” We obeyed and what a change! Gleams from the Western sky were tingeing everywhere with a golden light; the outlines of rooms could be traced by the remains of roofless walls, here and there ornamented by exquisite sculpture; and in the grass-grown aisles, where once the evening’s
Not only does it look good, it tasted delicious. The eggs, though they had a medley of peppers in them, tasted delicious with hints of the cheese that I melted on top before serving them. Combine that with the subtle kick from the chipotle sausage, it was like heaven. Rather than toast, the pierogies, though they’re not breakfast food- were toasted perfectly: firm, lightly browned outside with the creamy potato and cheddar inside.
However, I did spend at least part of the evening on our first date imagining you naked. . . Yeah, I never told you that one. . .
What then could I say to my friend in pain? To my delight, the liturgy came to my rescue in the form of the Collect prayer for Wednesday of the First Week of Ordinary Time. While I couldn’t come up with the words to tactfully say, “Hey dummy! Offer it up!” I could say, “I thought of you when I read this prayer from today’s mass.” He gave it a thumbs up, so I assume that it was well received.
This card combines some of my favorite things:
Samsung brought the "Ozolins-Design" disclosed in 2004 in the US patent application US 2004/0041504 A1 as new prior art supplementing the interesting evidence used in the 1st instance. The court found the Ozolins-Design takes away the novelty of the feature that the design is "frameless" such that the differing features gain in importance. The feature that the Apple design is a two-part design with one housing and one front cover is contrasted with the 3-part design of the Samsung Glaxy Tab featuring an additional "clamping"-frame. As a consequence, the Galaxy Tab was found not to infringe Apple's Community Design.
And this is what I ended up wearing for most of the day:
I have continued to think about that statement and my immediate response. I would love to tell you that I answered my own question with an assertive and confident "Of course I do." But, to be truthful, I have not. As I've examined myself, I have acknowledged that I would much prefer to be served that to serve. I do not make sacrifice easily and when I am called to step outside my comfort zone to do something for someone else, I often see it as a sacrifce and not a service done out of humility and love.
Yargh! Some nights I come home and I have my post written already in my head by the time I pull in the driveway. I can't wait to sit down so I can pour it all out of my head and into you poor unsuspecting souls.
In 1988 was launched by the Cambridge Z88 Cambridge Computer. This computer was designed by Sir Clive Sinclair, the shape of A4 paper. This computer uses the power of a standard battery and comes with a basic spreadsheet, word processor, and communications programs. This laptop was the forerunner of making PDAs.
More information about Caroline & her book:
I am so sick of seeing that smug bastard, Al Gore, plastering his smarmy face all over the media. That man is such a gasbag and blows so much hot air that if he would just shut up the carbon emissions for the United States would be cut in half. Do we really need to hear every political commentator on the planet speculate on how he may pull a last-minute surprise and announce his candidacy for the presidency? Is there anyone out there who hasn't heard about his movie? Are his 15 minutes of fame not up yet?
she is protesting violently with frontal attacks.
Like my FOTD earlier in the week, this was an Easter accident that turned out to have sexy results; I started doodling over my purple and green polish and this was what happened. Nice!
Paired with Galaxy, California, 2008
Riga is the capital and the largest city in Latvia, with its almost 800 000 inhabitants it is also the largest city in the Baltic Countries. Riga was founded 801 years ago and it was an important centre for the Hanseatic League. The city historical centre is UNESCO Heritage Site , due to its Art Nouveau architecture. The city will be European Cultural Capital in 2014.
b. Ryan Reynolds before his transformation
We’ll be playing some tracks from Jackie hayden’s Pick of The Fortnight on the show today. It’s Johnny Murphy and it’s pretty sweet. Here’s what Jackie had to say…
but sold it within minutes of my sister seeing it.. so I made on for my daughter.
As mentioned yesterday, our next book is Me Before You by Jojo Moyes.
Reason #3: I like to post personal things. Not having my blog private has hindered that somewhat, even though I have gotten personal here. I just want peace of mind. I want to know who I'm sharing my thoughts/feelings with. Ya know?
Most recently, the foundation awarded six scholarships to Wall Township students on July 6, what would have been Justin’s 23rd birthday.
Now all alone and forlorn
"oh my lord would you look at that man sitting their naked spewing filth."
Price: $3.99
(redacted)
What I often notice as I browse LinkedIn profiles is many people in this situation post their current roles and place “Consultant” in the job title. Unless you are a true consultant who wishes to jump from company to company working on special projects do not put Consultant as your job title on LinkedIn. I suggest using the title that would be assigned to the role that you are filling. I’m in no way suggesting that you be at all misleading. I feel that you should include the fact that you are in a temporary role in the details for your position.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line muffin tins with cupcake liners or spray with cooking spray.
Chief Rain-in-the-Face (ah! the appropriateness of that name!) confined himself to a noncommittal, "Ugh."
“As for businesses, Quividi, a French marketer, can measure the age and gender of passers-by who linger at an advert; advertisers vary their offerings based on who is looking. A service called SceneTap gives similar information on the crowd in Chicago bars. The smiles of employees at Keihin Electric Express Railway in Japan are assessed by computer. Facebook, a social network, recognises uploaded photos. The latest smartphones can spot their users.”
Today started out quite well. I woke up, which is a very good start indeed for an insomniac, to blue skies and the sun shining in through a gap in the curtains. My little one is still off school but was well enough today to occupy herself so I sat down at the computer prepared to put in a few hours writing while I waited for a delivery. I managed to write a couple of poems, though they are still in the editing stages and one has not yet got a suitable title, it did indeed feel like the day was going to be a good one.
I choose a zig zag route through jostling groups; last minute toilet dashers and most dangerous of all hazards: the random wavy arms. Like flailing beer assassins, they can spell disaster. Unlike stationary hazards such as random laptop cases this foe often cannot be anticipated with forethought. They require the lightening dexterity of a young Jackie Chan. In my case a quick back step and roll passed this obstacle with zero spillage. Other moves for any aspiring Master are the shoulder nudge, beer in the air (a risky move when failure leads to spillage on heads below. In which case normal Kung Fu maybe required); all accompanied by a booming shout of 'SCUSE ME! I am in no way what you would describe as coordinated but with the Power of Beer I dare say I could pirouette if required.
Of course the birds have evolved to sit on their eggs regardless of weather or their own personal discomfort (those who didn’t left no offspring), but somehow the endurance of this bird invokes in me feelings of solicitude towards Big Red.
Lee’s choice to include narrations of different poems and other stories are a bit distracting, and manage to separate me from the story of how Paul Goodman was a life-changing inspiration, which certainly couldn’t have been the goal of these additions. Instead of these readings, I would have loved to learn more about some of Goodman’s specific interests, which are teased in the film. For example, Goodman created a proposal to ban cars from New York City. This is a fascinating and bold idea that could have easily been expanded upon in the documentary. The suggestion that Goodman makes that literacy is not necessary is another example of this. Lee spends around ten minutes on these proposals, which seem to be prime examples of Goodman’s radical thinking. It would be great, as someone who is new to Goodman, to get even more examples like this, exposing us to more of the way Goodman thought. His personal life is interesting, but what makes Goodman special is not that he loved sex, or acted as both mother and father to his daughter, it’s all those things plus these radical ideas and his outspoken nature that inspire countless strangers to declare that Paul Goodman did, in fact, change their lives.
Hey! How's it feel to be the idol
Brandon Holstein: Absolutely. Well we wish you the best of luck LJ and good luck this weekend. We hope to hear your name called at some point, I know I will be cheering for you so we just want to wish you the best of luck from all of us here at NFL Draft Monsters and we look forward to following your career, whether that’s on the football field or away from it.
Maybe it's the holidays. Maybe it's the weather - there is over 2 feet of snow outside. Maybe it's all the diet commercials on TV (I can be oppositional that way). I don't know what it is but lately, I've been HUNGRY and craving foods that are definitely NOT diet-friendly. Now that doesn't mean I've been indulging in them; in fact, I probably burned calories from all the fantasizing and salivating :)
Dies - Nestibilities - Large Labels; MFT Leafy Flourish
Both big pharma and the fundraising foundations know there is a lot of money to be made off people being sick. I had always been skeptical of the huge groups that sought to fund research and “raise awareness” (now that everyone is aware of breast cancer can we stop with that GD pink ribbon?)
Aaron Haffey received an honorable mention for his portrayal of Canada’s position on the Commission on Science and Technology committee on the issues of intellectual property rights and the role of science and technology in development.
MS Botanical border-punch
Either way the image was more luck than judgement as my camera issues were making me lose my cool, but by going wrong on the camera body which I knew was okay, I had at least learnt something. The lens will be winging its way back to Sigma early next week as it is unusable, but after 8 years great service I cannot complain, I just need it working.
“It’s still nice of you,” Kathy said with a smile as she took a seat beside Roy.
It was SUCH a incredible reception at my aunt & uncle's home. It really felt like we were CELEBRATING. Isn't that how a wedding should be? Dancing, great food, laughing, a photo booth . . . even a full (illegal) fire work show!! Uncle Rob said, "Ah well, if I get arrested tonight, at least Megan will know how much I love her."
This is something that one of the iconic figures of the Seventies, Buckminster Fuller, never quite grasped. For me, Fuller is what another iconic Seventies figure called a worthy opponent; his writings constantly force me to reexamine my own ideas, because they grate on my nerves so reliably. Partly that’s a function of Fuller’s insouciant assurance that technology inevitably one-ups everything else in the cosmos – Theodore Roszak’s apt gibe, “I would not be surprised to hear (Fuller) announce someday that he had invented a better tree,” comes to mind – and partly it’s his insistence that the universe had to make the kind of sense he wanted it to make – this is a man, remember, who spent much of his life insisting that pi couldn’t really be an irrational number – but the issue that comes to mind right now is his consistent preference for efficiency at the cost of resilience.
Unfortunately there were no bites at all! No doubt the swimmers in the area had scared away the fish. The only thing caught that afternoon was a tree branch on the opposite riverbank - when HB had been a bit too enthusiastic during his casting-out lesson!
While some of my girlfriends were moving to inner Melbourne to be closer to the “hub” of lifestyle and parties and fashion, I had an overwhelming desire to get out. I enjoyed fossicking in Mr J’s mums garden as much as I enjoyed perusing end of season sales. My kitchen bench was littered with jars of homemade sauces and preserves. If you started a conversation with me about heirloom vegetables, you’d quickly find yourself overwhelmed. I began doing away with supermarkets and started loitering at farmers markets, my online browsing slowly diverted to organic pest control methods for my long suffering herbs, and rescue shelters for homeless pooches. Like a clucky spinster I couldn’t take my eyes off people with dogs. I started to resent my location-goldmine of an apartment.
I bring this up because I recently heard that Linkin Park will be performing relatively close to where I live sometime this summer; and even though my musical tastes have strayedf away from the basic rock, this is a band that I always feel a little compelled to see because of my history with them.
So. This gorgeous cover is of course for ENDLESSLY, the final book in the NYT bestselling trilogy that began with Paranormalcy and Supernaturally. Now, if you haven’t read the first two, I don’t know what you are waiting for, but do it NOW because Endlessly is coming out in July and it’s going to be HOLY KRAKATOA AWESOME!!!
Yes! It means that we found a house that suits us. (I will post some pictures eventually) We signed the papers and will take possession in July if everything goes smoothly with the bank. We have a tenant our present house with a 2 years contract. The mover is almost booked as well.
Read it if -
Bound by the surprise of our glory days
Although this puts two family posts in a row (not bad, but I don't usually do it), it's been quite a while since I brought you the next canine in this series. The letter is right, and the timing is good.
Then it swiftly runs off and I get caught in the dust,
Bel Canto Didn’t you know N
I have nothing personal against dugouts. Estonia was the last European country to continue to build them, and my ancestors come from the border region of Estonia and Latvia.
In the middle of the night
rattling my bones, and
Lasting meanings, retorts
Once again, I changed up the flower in this planter.
We lost our country through skillful propaganda, pressure from abroad (not least from the U.S.A.), unrelenting charges of "oppression" and "racism," and the shrewd assessment by African tyrants that the white man has many Achilles' heels, the most significant of which are his compassion, his belief in the "equality of man," and his "love your neighbor" philosophy --
Eight pro-life students at the University of Calgary (UofC), faced with possible expulsion for their activism, gathered this morning to deliver a simple message to their university: “Do unto us whatever you desire, punish us however you wish; but our convictions shall not change, and we shall not alter our actions based on intimidation.”
Whitehouse mentions reports that Traore was not informed of the arrests in advance. In my view the arrests still have the potential to severely damage Traore’s political image. I have not heard a statement from Traore as to whether he will continue to run for president now that the elections – under his watch – are being reorganized. Perhaps he will not run, as there could be strong expectations in place that he refrain from doing so given his current position. If he does run, the arrests of his competitors will stand out even more strongly. But even if he doesn’t run, the arrests seem to have already tainted perceptions of his government among political elites and among ordinary citizens, many of whom are apparently outraged by the arrests.
It seems clear that despite much effort (and cost) the number of members in Unitarian congregations in Canada has not grown.
I think the proposals have been rushed out and not communicated to key stakeholders in healthcare or to he general public very well. Taking time to pause and refocus is sensible. But, if the reforms are watered down or delayed until the next parliament we will merely end up with an organisation that has grown to rely on massive year on year budget increases to achieve bare minimum standards, if even that at times, facing the prospect of budget increases at barely inflation levels only. It won't know how to adapt. Services will be cut instead of unnecessary bureaucracy, productivity will carry on falling, outcomes will continue to lag behind international standards, cost efficient prevention will still play second fiddle to expensive cure etc etc.
Good morning everyone and Happy Easter! Thank you to all those who took part in our last challenge, we saw lots of great dry embossing from you all!
After two weeks of traveling to the Old South, and after a week of giving Ol’ Fruity the day off (for Good Friday), we here at the Beer Wall decided to go more local (for me anyways) for this weeks selection.
To Get the Best of What We Do, Feel Free to Visit Our Facebook Page and Click the “LIKE” Button.
Before I get into this week's recipe, please forgive a little tangent. It has been an interesting cooking couple of days. I have been very motivated to cook (probably due to the fact that I am finally over the killer cold for the last 2 weeks!), so I have been in the kitchen having adventures. Wednesday was clean out the freezer day, amazing what you find, and Greek inspired chicken wraps. Since all I had in the freezer was a tray of chicken thighs, deboning them was challenging. I saved the meat close to the bones and made chicken soup today. Thursday was steak day, sounds innocent right?
We will be announcing the winner this Wednesday on the Facebook Fanpage “One Hour Photo Show” , so be sure to like the page to find out who won! We run several contests a year as well, so stay in touch! This contest was extra tough because the theme is very unique compared to other photo contests. I am so pleased with the amount of entries and the quality of work! I honestly feel bad for the judges, because it will be tough to judge this one for sure!
The army wants to equip each infantry company with a Puma system. That would mean 18 Puma AE UAVs per brigade. These larger UAVs have been most useful in route clearance (scouting ahead to spot ambushes, roadside bombs, landslides, washouts or whatever.) The larger Puma is particularly useful in Afghanistan, which is windier than Iraq, and thus more difficult for the tiny Raven to operate.
Hamish needed some woodland friends and I wanted to choose some that were less common creatures such as a pine marten (Angus) an osprey (Jeannie). As Hamish uses lots of Scots words and phrases an English hedgehog (Rupert) seemed like a good idea as someone who needs the odd word translated.
Wanja Muguongo
Contradictions of Man,
And while yeah...2 iPads are not 100, or 50, or 20 or even 10, ANY life that is changed by this technology is a good thing, and that's the way I gotta feel about it.
Christian explains to Jack that his friends "died" at different points. We don't know how much "time" came and went and it doesn't even matter. It seems that each castaway had their own individual experience and enlightenment and agreed that when they all were ready (of course they waited for Jack to have his awakening in the "sideways") and they were in their "some place safe", they would leave one place and move on to the next...together.
As duteous to the vices of thy mistress
Bitrate: 256kbps
I was a waitress at an Applebee’s for a few years in college. Whenever I got stuck with a lunch shift it was always the same story: Moms with young kids would come in and I couldn’t keep the Diet Coke flowing fast enough. They would say to me or to their other mom friends, “I’m trying to be good – I’ll just have the Oriental Chicken Salad!” Full size, fried chicken, and more than half of them with extra dressing on the side. Now I’m not saying the Oriental Chicken Salad doesn’t taste good (it does!), but at 1380 calories before the extra dressing, eating it is in no way “being good.”
Juancho saw how far we were. I stood up, and maybe I waved at him or something. He smiled, got a rock from the shore, and threw it at me. It hit me right on my forehead, and I heard him giggle. I didn’t want to cry because I knew that Juancho did not mean to hurt me, but it was so painful that I just crumbled and sobbed.
Have a GREAT weekend my friends; see you back here this weekend for a blog hop, and more fun stuff!"
Hello from Longmont, Colorado! We've been here for about two days and so far I'm absolutely loving it! The weather has been awesome, our apartment is really nice, and the mountains are SO SO beautiful! After fixing the Jeep (thank goodness we were able to get that done so quickly!), we drove in from Nebraska and we got here Friday around lunchtime. It was a really clear day so we were able to get some really great views of the mountains driving in...
The claw footed tub in Room 1.
~ Lisa Scott
What surprises me about Pollak’s assertion (although I’m sure you’ll tell me I should’ve seen it coming) is how completely fact- and foundation-free it is. He’s basically saying that President Obama is following in these leaders’ footsteps because he said so. Mind you, not that I’d believe him even if he said that he’d found a letter, signed by President Obama, that swore he would be the second coming of all these leaders. Marx, Stalin, Mao, Mussolini, and . . . wait. Mbeki?
This is related to the increasing reliance on credit. Something Cameron said was a problem in terms of the economy’s recovery. That’s right, a capitalist criticising one of the very mechanisms capitalism relies upon. As train fares, bus fares, food, heating, water and so on all rise, as more and more people lose their jobs, as the gap between the rich and the poorest goes up – the leading parties look for someone to blame. Those with the least ability to kick back, to get their views represented in the parasitic media and tackle the misleading lies and information regarding them as people, are the ones targeted – like Byrne’s attack upon welfare claimants.
4 Summer Samba (So Nice)
10. Who do you mess with the most?
What do you think? I'd love to hear your thoughts....
7. I’m a tonsured reader in the Orthodox Church. About seven years ago I learned Byzantine chant, which means I’m still learning and will always be learning. I look forward to singing again when the boys aren’t so maniacal in the pew, and everywhere they happen to tread.
This is when adrenline and other stress linked hormones are released in to our bodies which enable us to deal with the immediate problem, or to run away whatever is appropriate!
By the way, if Elizabeth Warren is an Indian because she watched Gunsmoke as a child then we all screwed up our own college and law school applications. I saw every episode of F Troop and McHale’s Navy, for instance, which should have entitled me to claim veteran status and made me a member of the Hekawi Indian tribe. I couldda been a contenda.
Pigeon English, Stephen Kelman (Bloomsbury)
Although Fergie brought in David de Gea, Phil Jones and Ashley Young, United were even poorer in Europe this season, going out of the Champions League in the group stage and only making it through one stage of the Europa League.
I started this painting about a year ago. I knew it wasn’t finished, but I didn’t know how or what it needed to bring the painting together. I put it away in a drawer that I keep with other work and let it go. Sometimes paintings are like that.
Mushroom is one my favourite ingredients. The ability of the spongy mushroom to absorb the dishes flavour is just amazing! I tried to make this dish with a touch of oriental taste fused with a little western herb, thyme. I use regular type of cheese but if you can get hold of vegan cheese, by all means you can also use it in this dish.
There was also a feature on the rescue mission and subsequent inquiry, where a mere 2 days after the tragedy the survivors had to give an account of what happened. I can't imagine what that must have been like, especially if you were grieving your husband or parents.
I mean, I get to learn about everything, from the beginnings of democracy, to different political systems, electoral things, political parties, pressure groups and so on.
Red Flag Perfume
Given the limited time and resources that entrepreneurs have, you actually should be very careful about how much time you spend following new trends. Allocate a small amount of time to following new shiny objects — but 90 percent of your effort should be focused on the few social-media sites that have the greatest impact on your business. Develop them fully each and every day before turning your attention to new trends.
“What does what mean?” I replied.
I also love it because on the one hand, there’s this very Victorian sincere quality from which it’s so easy to take the piss; and on the other there’s this tremendous sense of democracy about it. A genuine interest in people and making sure that what they do doesn’t fall between the cracks.
Spring is already established--and summer's right around the corner--and it's so green and lush everywhere. MP and I stammer at the landscape. There's water! WATER! And everything's alive. We're starting to fully realize just how bad last summer was when we arrived. The landlords ply us with tales that would break your heart of the established farmers and ranchers in the area. Gone, bankrupt. It was a summer like nothing else since the dust bowl era--since the depression--and we looked around a traumatized landscape and were traumatized ourselves. But now it's coming back and there are so many insects already that it's like walking through a veil of fuzzies as I push my way through the forest. Fortunately the fuzzy insects are pretty friendly--no biters among them (yet). Though they're stupid enough to fly right into my mouth!
Nobody knows: Why I’m smiling
The concept of family is different in Cambodia and more inclusive. Women continue to have babies for as long as they are able. When they run out of room or money to support these children, they will often send them to live with a sister/cousin/aunt, but might equally take on a baby from someone else. So the simple formula of mother + father + 2.4 children gets much more tangled.
A Score Board
Out from the light steps three beings. The being in the center is flanked by two angels. They bid you to approach. And you approach. You look to the being in the center. The being is wearing a white robe. You look to the face of the being in the center and you see that it is you. This is your eternal self. Look into the eyes of your eternal self. The eyes are deep endless pools. Look at the face. The face is free from wrinkles. The skin is tight. It has the look of youth but the expression of ageless wisdom. This is the face that has known no worry or tension. No fear or dismay. Only love and peace.
Once i get everything installed I'll be golden! golden! it will just take a while to do all that HAHA!
That was on President Obama's watch. He gave the order to send in the SEALS, aware of the risks if the team were ambushed or - worse - taken prisoner. Pakistan is our ally, after all; true, a weak tea of an ally, but an ally nonetheless.
The fourth joyful mystery is the Presentation, Recounted in the second chapter of Luke’s Gospel, Mary and Joseph took the infant Jesus to the Temple, in accordance with the Mosaic Law. Yet the joy of the Presentation is tempered by the encounter with Simeon: “This child is destined to cause the falling and rising of many in Israel, and to be a sign that will be spoken against, so that the thoughts of many hearts will be revealed. And a sword will pierce your own soul too.” (Luke 2:34-35) This is the first of Mary’s seven sorrows.
06 Fast One
For batter:
We all wrestle with wondering what we could have done. Knock. Knock. Knock. How could we have saved him? Knock. Knock. Knock. What words would have saved his life? Knock. Knock. Knock. How much more love could we have given him? Knock. Knock. Knock. How much more compassion? Knock. Knock. Knock. I think about their questions last night, the night before, the community reeling from the after effects of the suicide of someone who only said he was fine.
I remember joy and freedom.
All the news that isn’t fit to print is in THE SPACE-TIME TELEGRAPH!
She’s up in the nursery, blissfully rocking.
Quick reminder: Please remember that this is a “few rules” linky, so please post about the weekly topic in order to link up. Be sure to link to your specific blog post and not your blog. Finally - please do us a favor and visit some of the other ladies to see their answers!
consciousness. Let it become your meditation today, that you’re an overcomer
There is much more work to be done with the Psalm as a foundation for early church Christology.
Today you get all three at once...
My mind gets tense like a tightened guitar string with even the slightest thought of the probability of having to make a phone call in near future. If I have sometime to get myself prepared for the upcoming conversation, you can see me rehearsing it countless times in my head. In severe cases I lose my appetite and am seen behaving crazily as if my university exams results are about to be declared any minute.
Hunting Licence Tax
The old Jewish guys at the gym talked about him, the old, provincial, West Valey landsmen who sit on their bikes, pedal slowly and talk about their illnesses, the good children and the bad Obama.
xo Shannon
So, what we find is that the CHURCH “created” the (c)hristian observance of Easter to incorporate all pagan beliefs (including symbolic human sacrifice) into (c)hristianity, and that this observance was unknown to the Apostles or earliest elders of the church, but was a later “tradition”. Now, as a true Christian, can you see with your eyes, and make your own judgement of to the true source of this anti-Bible, anti-Christian belief?
God has said :
I was looking around for some stuff to read, and I came across a blog offering fledgling novelists writing advice. I thought, great, I could use some of that. So I went to the blog and saw the most horribly written article I’ve ever seen. No, that’s not true, but given that this is a blog dedicated to offering writing advice to writers, the irony hit me in the stomach like a boyfriend trying to rid the world of an illegitimate child. Gross. Anyway. I saw this terrible blog, and I thought, hey, I can really help this dude.
The Lodge was originally built in the 1920’s as a field laboratory by Captain Kinnersley, the owner of Whiteford Burrows. He and his team planted the pine trees some of which we still see today, as an economic timber crop, as the land needed to earn its keep. The National Trust bought the land in 1965 – the first ever purchase using the then newly formed Enterprise Neptune Appeal Fund for saving Britain’s coastline.
I started two stories about what might become of the American library; however, the way those stories end will truly be determined by readers everywhere and how their actions either preserve libraries or passively allow them to close! Don’t wait until National Library Month to create your own versions of the story of your local library! Libraries need your help now in order to turn the once upon a time into a happily ever after!
They had insurance dividends for $13,345.20 sitting in unclaimed property. Somehow, in the past 5 years, it had been lost. I’ll give it to David…when our office called, he was skeptical and after a few phone calls to make sure we were legit, decided to take the leap of faith and be surprised very early in the morning on national television.
What are you doing to organize and get creative with storage in your little ones bedroom's?
So, I share the following email discussion between Black Coffee and myself, without any edits or censorship; as an opportunity, for:
Boxers or briefs?
“It’s to show…. to show…” he stammers and flushes. “To show…” Oh spit it out, man! “To show that you work here?” I try to help. “YES!” he booms. “But also to show… to show…” Oh boy, here we go again…. “To show that I am always here for my customers!” he finishes, and I swear I can see a sheen of sweat on his forehead, but he grins and is happy and so am I.
For my friends and readers who have been gently (and sometimes not so) prodding me to update and post again, you will be seeing me here more often. I can't always promise a fabulous recipe and I definitely can't promise fabulous mouthwatering pictures, but I can promise that I'll write about things, food, and experiences where I find joy.
We can't hide ourselves from it
Amparo Oxner: Let’s look at one of the first progressives, Margaret Sanger. She founded Planned Parenthood. She advocated eugenics and abortion to prevent the “wrong kind” of people from having children.
Singer Mary J. Blige walked off with the equivalent of the Oscar for fragrances, a FiFi Award, this week for the fragrance she launched on HSN.
“My DEAR JESSICA, I AM SO PROUD Of YOU!..UR VOICE IS SO AMAZING,But UR”PASSIONATE & HUMBLE” HEART TOUCHES ALL OUR HEARTS THE MOST!” read one of her tweets about Jessica.
At 6:51 a.m. this morning, I was sleeping soundly when I woke up to my phone buzzing on the night stand beside me.
What should I do? I see the soggy green/gray lump creeping the macadam too slow to survive for long. The surge in me, to aim and end the duckling eater’s life, is a short-lived but palpable surge. My Disney style justice is dismissed but heard from nonetheless. Shall I pull over and assist? This turtle is as ill equipped for this stretch of road as I am ill equipped to aid in its conveyance. Should I reach with fingers or toes to something I know can extend its neck and sever me from parts I hold dear? The ever-present missionary in me has spoken and is silenced. In fact, what I can do is slow down and give wide berth. I know this creature is a danger, but never more so than me.
Living in Paradise
I’m sharing the three trees we have up at our house with you today. Starting with the Bub’s FUN tree. You know…the one with the colored lights. ;)
It comes right by my street so I was able to see some of the riders.
i. it is in itself harsh;
So listen to "Get Me To The Church On Time" from the musical My Fair Lady, "Matrimony" by Gilbert O'Sullivan and "Wedding Bell Blues" by The 5th Dimension.
Thank you all for taking the time to look at these photos
1. The Song Is You
We were all glad for the weak warmth of the sunshine.
and Plan or fall into the pseudo comfort of self glory and spiritual death. The
Accessories: Umbrella Die-namics, Mini Monarch Border Die-namics, Oval Open Scallop Doily Duo Die-namics, Sweet Stack Label Die-namics (MFT), button (CTMH), The Twinery twine (The Ribbon Carousel), ribbon (January KI kit - Taylored Expressions), sewing machine, Jody boosters
½ teaspoon baking powder
I'm going to have my parents keep up my blog and my facebook for me while I'm gone...so hopefully it gets done! I'll put all my mission info on here today so it'll be here and on facebook.
(13) Know how to Mic Check: One easy way to convey information to large groups of people is by using the People’s Mic. One person (or a few people) first yell ¨Mic Check!¨ Everyone who hears them responds by echoing ¨Mic Check!¨ After that, one person says a few words and pauses to let the crowd repeat those words. If you hear someone mic check, let them know by repeating too; that way, the people around you can also listen. However, if you disagree with what someone is saying, you don’t have to repeat it. This is a useful way to make spontaneous, democratic decisions. However, you should also be aware that false or misleading information can sometimes spread quickly this way, so don’t assume something is true just because it was said over the People’s Mic. (Hint: If you hear people chanting ¨Shame!¨ or ¨The whole world is watching!¨ it often means that police brutality and/or arrests are happening nearby. If you’re trying to avoid arrest, go the other way. Or, if you want to help or document, head over!)
This week held a lot of moments for me that had me wondering when exactly it was that I became a responsible adult.
Remember our men vulnerable and ignored.
3) Someone left my wardrobe open and the cats been asleep on my Superdry t-shirt. Might as well just bin the thing now.
It turns out that this has been for centuries a quite illuminating discovery. For example, the development of leaves in plants often proceed at a rate that can be identified by using these numbers. A distinguished University of Chicago scientist, when I asked him last week about this sequence, exulted that it was simply beautiful: he very much enjoyed being reminded of it. And a young physics student, upon being asked, could speak of the sequence with enthusiasm. Another scientist has informed me that the Fibonacci numbers were exploited, not necessarily competently, in a recent novel, The DaVinci Code.
SEE?:
Observe the horizontal line on this chart of 10-year borrowing costs in Greece, Ireland and Portugal. It’s no magic number, but 8% seems to be the proverbial straw that breaks the camel’s back. As the arrow on the left shows, Greek authorities activated their bailout package on April 23, 2010, two days after 10-year yields crossed 8%. In Ireland, bond yields surpassed 8% on November 10, 2010, and Irish authorities activated their bailout the following week. Mark your calendar, because Portuguese yields made the treacherous crossing two days ago. The implication is that the continent’s third sovereign bailout in less than a year has become a near certainty.
I’m here Now.
Start from the Maxwell natural area parking lot (coordinates: 40.555931,-105.143823) and head south on the trail. When the trail splits at Dixon reservoir keep right. The trail will take you along the side of the ridge, almost to Harmony road and loop back around the other side of the lake. Part of this trail was closed due to muddy conditions when I went, so I had to cross over to the other side of the loop.
potentials; starting up cruises
Hjalti Omar – Lead Vocals
NEAT
Once you’ve decided what type of novels you write, the agent search can begin. There are all sorts of databases to explore—on line and off. Make sure to do research. You don’t want to send a children’s book to someone who doesn’t represent that genre or fiction to a non-fiction agent. Look at the acknowledgments and dedications of books you love. Very often the authors will mention their agents. And join a writers’ group. Talk to other writers and find out their agent stories.
made from flour-cloth, old cotton batt, wools~
There are some things about your religion that I don’t understand and I’m wondering if you can help me…
Select to identical plastic bottle caps. We picked two blue bottle caps from seltzer bottles, but you can use any bottle cap. Plastic is light weight and yet creates a sizable earring. Look for a bottle cap that has little or no lettering or decoration that may conflict with your design.
Social Welfare Department who is claiming a lot for this “poorest of the poor” virtually is doing nothing in this field. Every year government is spending a huge amount on poverty elimination programs, education and health care to improve the lot of weaker section of the society but this lot is absolutely neglected. This department has increased the misery of the people rather than to give them any facility. I have seen the old men and women with stick in their hand rounding district social welfare office amphalla just for pity pension of Rs. 400 which their social right. They are behaved like beggars in front of clerical staff of social welfare. I am sure that our hon’ able minister has never bothered to have a visit of this office the location of this office is so inconvenient that even a normal person avoid to go there but these unfortunate disabled persons are left no other choice but to approach the office. Recently we have gone through news that this office has lapsed corers of rupees which was the right of this section. What better we can expect for this department.
Their second office located in Melbourne whilst they main office is located in Sydney. The candidates they place throughout Australia. Opportunities for Applications Development, Infrastructure, SAP/CRM or any of our other specialised areas, are offered on their site for you, if you think you have what it takes to be an IT employer!.
After finding a funding partner and business mentor, (and fellow antique weapon enthusiast), Bear and Stephenson began creating an online experience with serialized content. Members and fans are encouraged to contribute writing and art, all consistent with the “canon,” the settings and characters originally developed by the writers.
In order to keep things real I need to come to terms with exactly why I am broken and vulnerable, why I am so closed off physically and often emotionally from the world, and why I struggle with allowing people to love me. I know this is a topic that I cover often in my writings here, but this is a huge part of a healing process that I am going through right now. I want to be free of this brokenness. I want to be able to receive the love that I know that I deserve and in order to do that I have to figure out how to accept love. Real love, not just the sexual "love" that I am used to getting, a true, honest and unconditional love.
them that their effort is appreciated.
There are tons of things that I would do differently. The top one extends to so many aspects of my life - not to be ruled by fear, the fear of failure and the fear of the unknown. I think all other decisions, no matter what they are, would benefit greatly from that.
Both NYU and Poly, in initial public statements last August 7, were vague about the contours of the deal.
See the window without the curtain? Some of you may remember I have been trying to find those curtains since I took down my Christmas tree. I finally found them two weeks ago in a plastic tote in the basement. Now I probably don't need them. It depends on what the new family room colors will be. "C'est la vie."
3 cans (15 ounces each) Italian style tomato sauce
The people in low income countries, according to Lagarde and Okonjo-Iweala, want to see an end to the corrupt financial havens that allow corrupt officials to steal public money and stash it abroad. They submitted that the impunity for this type of global crime can no longer be tolerated: ‘Abuse of public authority for private gain is not acceptable’. They added that there is the urgent need to foster openness and transparency in financial transactions and to ensure accountability at the global level.
The Krillitanes were bat-like humanoids, though smaller than Humans. They had various shades of skin ranging from pinkish to charcoal gray, sharp claws and a flattened, fanged face. They took their bat-like wings from the inhabitant of Bessan, and they also sleep upside down like bats and have very sensitive hearing. As well as a bat-form, the Krillitanes can create a morphic illusion of a Human (which Mr Finch preferred). Krillitanes are carnivorous and will eat other sentient creatures, but they will also eat rats. They also produced Krillitane oil which can increase intelligence in humans but is currently deadly for Krillitanes. They are aware of the Time Lords and their extinction.
According to the Straits Times, the bus driver told the bus passengers in a Chinese (PRC) accent to disembark the bus two to three minutes after the bus had stopped. For some strange reasons, his identity was not revealed and it is not known if he has been arrested by the police for dangerous driving.
by Pastor Larry for Christmas
The seventies came and went, as did most of the punk and new wave bands that I religiously followed. Never missed a local concert by The Clash, or The Ramones, but by 1982 that whole scene was getting a little stale to me. Fashion bands like Duran Duran and Culture Club were everywhere; it was time to go in a different direction. Between 1983 and 1987, I headed straight for the Blues. Buddy Guy & Junior Wells, B.B. King, Albert Collins, Willie Dixon, Memphis Slim, Otis Rush, and John Lee Hooker are just some of the names we saw. After Willie Dixon and his Chicago Blues All-Stars played at The Chestnut Cabaret we went backstage to say hello. You could do that after a blues gig, no heavy security or a big entourage to stop you. Willie was one of the all-time great Blues songwriters that also played bass and had written numerous hits in the ‘50’s like Little Red Rooster, Hoochie Coochie Man, Spoonful, and I Just Want to Make Love to You. He was a huge influence on The Rolling Stones, Cream, Led Zeppelin, and hundreds of other bands. Willie was a big man, well over six feet tall, but he was still carrying around a lot of extra weight. The sweat was dripping off him; his clothes were soaked with perspiration from just escaping the hot stage lights. He was close to seventy years old, tired from still pulling one nighters all across the country, but he greeted us like we were old cousins from Chicago. With a smile on his face he said,” How ya doin’ fellas, how was it.” I was fumbling around for words; did I just hear Willie Dixon ask me how he played? “You sounded great,” was all I said. There were a hundred questions racing through my mind that I wanted to ask him; about songs he wrote, and old Bluesmen that he’d played with. He looked content sitting there resting on an old wooden chair, but he also appeared worn down. The questions I had ready to fire at him suddenly didn’t seem very important. My friend and I settled for an autograph on a scrap of paper, we shook Willie’s hand and left.
Chasing Amy (Scott Mosier, producer)
And that is the hardest part of this story. The fact that these victims are being forgotten as the entire nation is focusing on Paterno’s firing. These eight men, whose lives have forever been changed, have been overlooked just as they were overlooked by the entire Penn State staff.
The papers I used are a old one from Basic Grey, but still one of my favorites, 'Wisteria'. I saw that Basic Grey will have a new line this year, 'Plumeria' who is a little bit similar to Wisteria. I do hope so!
Pace: 8 ; Parry: 6 ; Toughness: 7 (2)
Beer details: 8.3% ABV. Hops – Mount Rainier, Chinook, Fuggles and Columbus.
This article cautiously approaches the equality issue though the fear to accept equality is likely due to the inability to limit asset maximums and inculcation to the desire to sequester as much wealth as possible.
Olson defines Calvinism:
April 25th, this Wednesday, marks a very special day in Australia (and New Zealand) - ANZAC Day. ANZAC stands for Australian and New Zealand Army Corps, and the soldiers are known as ANZACs. It is a day of national remembrance, a chance to commemorate our soldiers that died in military operations.
People with this chief feature, from the time they are young, are likely to believe they are destined for greatness. They feel they are not just another ordinary person: they think they are extraordinary. They tend to think they are a superior breed of human, not subject to the same imperfections as other “common” people. They may believe they are blessed with good luck. They have an exaggerated sense of their own importance, perceiving themselves as noble and grand, and feeling they are beyond and above the normal and average. They fancy that they will make a significant contribution to the world, and they have an unrealistic evaluation of their abilities, talents, intelligence, and other gifts — they see themselves as better than they really are. They have a desire to excel at whatever they do. They can be pretentious, haughty, snobbish, pompous, lofty, and conceited. This shows even in the way they carry themselves — with an upright posture, and in the way they walk — with a swagger.
slivers of grass
Oh my goodness... I have left the blog neglected and dusty for a whole MONTH! How rubbish am I? I have been kind of busy though, honest, not just lazy. In fact, in February, I went to Norwich, Cornwall, London, Coventry AND Leicestershire for various trips, all of which were work-related, so that's my excuse. I'm back in sunny, nearly-spring-like Bath and am not going anywhere for a while. Phew.
1.full trust; belief in the powers, trustworthiness, or reliability of a person or thing: We have every confidence in their ability to succeed.
Howevaaaaa…….it is funny. Your “compass” has to be wired differently.
