If you have any ideas of suggestions, please leave a comment.
Andrew rushed out of the building, flinging his coat on as the dark now took over the sky; the cold stayed in London all that night.
I have stamped the backing paper onto some Kraft card, using the Large Doily set, and Text It. The text is quite faint, stamped in Antique Linen, and the smaller doilies over stamped in Frayed Burlap.
Phytomedicine. 2000 Dec;7(6):463-9. Related Articles, Links
Cupcake wasn’t quite so eager. Didn’t see him till past noon. Idle sloth was still in his dressing gown. Way he looked I didn’t reckon there was even enough going on to get Mamma Creek excited.
The Afrikaners only wanted peace, which was offered multiple times to the blacks. After being met with ever more terrorism, Afrikaners diesngaged from 20 areas that were designated as black homelands. Each of these territories was offered full independence; four of them took it — Transkei, Venda, Bophuthatswana, and Ciskei. But instead of focusing on building their nations, the blacks continued to resort to terror.
I get a bit fed up of politicians and journalists telling me that the NHS needs reform.
I think the Prom can be a wonderful event for students and families, a special night to celebrate one's high school experiences and to look to the unknown future. Asking the young women and men to adhere to a dress code and to comport themselves as ladies and gentlemen serves as a great lesson that a fun and memorable evening can be had while respecting one another. Dresses and styles may come into and out of fashion, but a constant regard for human dignity and forming our students to recognize this in one another will never go out of style.
While buying opportunity will have inherent risk of holding for long periods as the “bottom to the beginning of upward journey” gestation is historically 18 – 24 months period and new peak is on an average 4-5 yrs. from the bottom.
The girls used their sandpit shovels and a small bag of potting soil to plant their strawberries. We had a good look at their root systems and all the different things we found in the soil.
The idea, put forward by Grass, that there is a taboo in German intellectual and political life about criticizing Israel and its policies has been a favorite theme of Israel’s critics since the 1960s. But the taboo does not exist. There has been no silence in Germany, especially in such places as Der Spiegel or the Süddeutsche Zeitung, not to mention among intellectual and political forces to their left, for many decades. On the contrary, hostility to both Israel and the United States, and the view that these two countries are the major threat to world peace, became embedded in the German left-wing and left-liberal mainstream many decades ago. In this sense, Grass’s diatribe is part of a long established conventional wisdom. It takes neither courage nor intelligence to run with the mob. Grass’s poem seeks to make the mob yell even louder.
Our Le Daily Bark for today is Harper, 2 year old king Charles cavalier cross poodle. She’s a happy little soul that loves everyone she meets. she loves to fetch, and likes to stare straight into your eyes. She loves playing with her big brother, Henry, and they make the perfect little family.
Track 2 - It's Your Day ( I Like To Watch )
The actual weight loss for this week wasn't as impressive as one would hope, but you have to take into consideration that we just wrapped up the "heaviest" weeks of the year, so any amount of loss or maintenance is worth celebrating.
and hard working places to get the job done. How simple yet efficient is this stainless 3 tiered working island or breakfast bar.
Thank you so much Bob and Cortney for sharing with AphroChic readers today! And for all of those HGTV fans out there, check out Home by Novogratz on Saturdays at 10pm EST. You are going to love it!
Today is a “Crack in the Earth” day!
ONE BIG PROBLEM
Behind him, seven or eight men stood in silence. One slowly rubbed his forehead as if watching a minor miracle occurring. Two or thee stood with hands slack at their sides, mouths open slightly. Another was holding a clenched fist to his mouth, apparently fighting back tears.
What’s your summer favourites? Let us know!
According to a new, comprehensive study of 6th-12th grade textbooks used by schools across the country, America’s children are being taught a very different answer to that question than many alive to witness 9/11 remember.
Do you have a character that you're sure must hate you because of everything you put him/her through?
I know i am your equal
Smoke trail behind me,
At the grocery store
The best thing about this freebie? That I can't and won't be using?
I hope everyone had a great weekend! Mine was pretty uneventful and relaxing...I love being able to just snuggle up on the couch with my husband :)
Sabree’ Caver
Every day I practice 10 to 15 minutes of Tai Chi, trying as best I can to be completely in the movement, feeling the body, the air and the flow – gently bringing my mind back to the movement each time I realise it has wandered off.
As an adaptation of the novel, it's as straight as you can get. I really enjoyed the book too, and was disappointed that the short story/epilogue The Cow wasn't included. The Cow is the best bit in the book. Anyway, this adaptation adds things like cheesy music, really gross visuals and Angela Bettis. Reviews I've read (well, reviews longer than "go fuck yourself") criticise The Woman for its naff soundtrack. I liked the naff soundtrack. It fits in with the blackly comic tone and lightens things up a bit, making for a (slightly) less depressing experience.
Marge.
in a cat’s meow
In this regard, then, the nostalgia for the non-existent Pertwee story within Timelash is almost purer and more honest than normal nostalgia. At last, we have nostalgia that’s honest about pining for a past that never existed! But this observation seems short of the mark. Nostalgia depends on the lie that it is accurate. Which is what makes Timelash’s invocation of a false past so strange. It’s not even as though Pertwee is a particularly sensible era to choose here. The only eras where stories like Timelash unfolded with any regularity were really the Hartnell era and the Graham Williams half of the T. Baker era. The closest to this Pertwee ever got was Peladon, which is, let’s face it, not very close.
I thought it was kind of neat that the boys are reading some of the Pauline epistles at the same time that we were reading about Bunyan. I can see the parallels, anyway. Both were willing to pick up their cross for Christ and bear imprisonment rather than cease to preach the name of Jesus. Both were willing to write and minister from prison, inspiring many to follow Christ. (Of course, one was writing the inspired Word of God, included in the canon of Scripture… it’s a little different than writing an allegory. None-the-less, we talked about joyfully bearing our crosses and what that means.)
Though Robert's website became somewhat legendary among Indophiles and backpackers, Robert himself hated India. He once told me, "I enjoy being with the kids. I have never enjoyed India." Yet his observations and insights about the country and its street denizens were astute. His page "Am I Doing Any Good?" should be read by anyone hoping to "change things in India."
Also (and my players never knew this, since it never came up) the deactivator switch would reset to a different location each time the vault was activated, meaning doing the same vault over and over again was just as dangerous as the first time. The whole thing was fiendishly evil and ridiculous fun.
In the meantime, things are a bit crazy here as I prepare for the trip to Key West (details here)...I'll be doing a bit of art as we travel, but in watercolor and colored pencil, which will be a fun change...
Love ♥ and prayers always,
In my opinion, it is the same reason that C.S. Lewis’ series, THE CHRONICLES OF NARNIA remains popular around the world — it is the ageless struggle of GOOD versus EVIL in the form of characters with whom the average person is able to relate.
Sex with a single partner for the entire life is too boring and is responsible for the high divorce rates in Hong Kong, according to the organizers of the Fifth Hong Kong Sex Cultural Festival which advocates “polyamory”, a practice where individuals are consensually open to loving more than one person at a time.
Merry Christmas to you all, I hope you're enjoying this beautiful holiday. Last night we all sat on the couch and watched Rudolph The Red Nose Reindeer. My kids had their Rudolph and Clarice hats on. They looked so cute. It's amazing how this movie no matter how old, doesn't get old.
Stainless steel case and band with gold trim.
Not too shabby right!? The finish is very similar to our finished hardwood floors - rustic, a little blotchy, and perrrrfect in my opinion! I let the stain dry overnight, and the following day I got out a can of Benjamin Moore Stays Clear sealer I had on hand - and applied one coat.
I really like photo stamps and the best photo stamps are made by Stamp Smith (a TJ advertiser) and Paper Bag Studios. Of course, that is my own opinion and you may have a different opinion. This technique seems to just made for adding coloring to photo stamps and making the image just pop!
is a false flag, a pirate flag. You’re all a bunch of actors. No
Instagram has been a revelation on Apple’s iPhone, and with an Android version just released into the wild, Facebook’s newest acquisition looks to be moving on to bigger and better things. With the new iPad offering an unholy measure in pixel density, it seems only right that the iPad should get a port of the 30+ million strong image social sharing app, but, as yet, there have only been a bunch of, average-to-decent Instagram viewers. While many of the apps do pull their weight, none of them have managed to hit the heights. That is, until now.
National
Title: DADDY’S LITTLE MATCHMAKERS
2. You’ll be in maternity clothes for a while. Unless you’re one of those freaks who looks like they were never pregnant when they have a three- day- old baby in their arms (they exist, really.), be prepared to hang out in sweats and maternity clothes for a few weeks. I think I finally fit into my pre-maternity clothes after 2 months. bleh. And don’t waste your time investing in a belly-bandit or compression wrap. Mine was useless. Your body will do what it wants do.
This picture is actually my son, 30 minutes after his school gave him a large dose of benedryl, which may have been more than the recommended dosage, but with his whole face swelling up, I think it was the better of the two choices.
But isn’t this true for everyone? The unexpected becomes expected, because change comes to all of us. Sometimes we seek the change, other times it is foisted upon us. But at some point, we all jump into the abyss of the unknown.
Size 30 thread! Isn't that strange? At Walmart, of all places. I've never seen this in size 30. I wonder why they chose to carry that. Or why most craft stores choose not to. HMMMM!
I am grateful that my mother actually said to me this year..."I am just going to give you a gift card to a store you like to shop in..instead of buying you all that STUFF you dont really want or need"...OK...GREAT..Im
This is of course her. We chatted like old friends swapping concepts and understandings of life, God and metaphysics. She is 83 and spoke softly and openly about her whole life.
Beat in cranberry mixture
on soulful, carnival streets
Wow. I asked for some blog ideas yesterday and got quite a few suggestions. One of the questions has to do with personal suffering. This is something that most of us can relate to and there is much controversy over its place in the Christian community. The reason that I am responding to this one first is because I have had several people ask questions about this in the last week.
She's still a feisty little thing, despite having suffered several strokes that took her voice. She's recovered her hearing now and her sense of smell. She still likes to sniff around the front yard (and our dinner plates!), but I can't leave her unattended outdoors anymore. She walks in circles, and I'm too scared she'd somehow get under the house and I couldn't get to her.
OOPS UPDATE:
That was the last time I ever got involved with a guy who had a girlfriend, and I will never knowingly do it again. Why not?
I like the size & proportions, and appreciate that they still look like simple rustic militia without being turned into a mockery or caricature. They fit well with many of the RPG oriented halflings, and will be good for bulking out (haha...) the rank & file troops.
Please mention number #24 when emailing me about buying, as I have some similar ones
I left with mixed emotions…excited to again be headed back in my own home with Rick, my dog, Bella, and my family near by. But I knew I would certainly miss opening wide my curtains each morning to greet the sun rising over the Caribbean Sea and watching it set daily from the pool outside of my condo. I would be happy to again have my cup of Dunkin’ Donuts coffee several mornings a week as well as good Mexican food but would certainly miss my newfound love, cheese patties. And I would certainly miss the many friends and students that had found their way into my heart.
So now we’re into May and yes it’s still raining. Although I’m fed up of it now it’s not all doom and gloom; Monday was quite nice, a welcome break from the gloom and the plot seems to be thriving, water-butts are full which is the main benefit of being tipped on for the last 3 weeks. Apart from the rhubarb being damaged by high winds everything seems to be looking happy enough. Onions and garlic are growing well, broad beans too (some of the autumn-sown plants are flowering) although the leaves look unattractive thanks to pea and bean weevil nibbling them. Of course, weeds are growing well so I shall have to tackle those as soon as the weather allows.
I didn't change a single diaper! I didn't cook or administer a single meal! I got homemade pictures from the kids! I got a card that included a recording of the kids singing "I love my mommy, oh yes I do. I love my mommy. That mommy's you!" I got hugs and kisses and all the wonderful aspects of being a mom, with none of the complaining, whining or arguing!
RODNEY: And you weren't planning on killing me?
Of course, it's different for everybody. It's certainly different for those of us who watch TV, see It's A Wonderful Life every December, or even A Christmas Story in its endless loop on TNT all day or even those who remember that particular TV special we all gre up watching and loving.
But then this morning, a volunteer who is my son's small group leader for our middle school came into our high school room to look around. It was between services and I know he is finishing up a graduate degree and works at the Apple Store in our community and I asked how he liked it. He said, "I"m enjoying it. Best retail experience I've ever had, but I have to get a different job cuz it's definitely not paying the bills." I asked if they worked on commission and he said they did not. I asked about training before he got the job and he said it was 6 weeks before he was allowed to speak to a customer. Then I asked him this:
Utter wonderment.
From our rest, to home, sweet home.
Anyway, maybe I'm just one of those people who thinks too much, obsesses about things (and I don't mean Bradley Cooper!), and refuses to let myself take a step back and relax. Can I change that? I doubt it. It's the way I am, and I've been like this all my life so I can't see it changing anytime soon. But it comes to something when Coronation Street gives you an idea for a future book... Maybe it is time to try harder and make the effort to switch off after all, huh? Even if it's just to watch the soaps... ;-)
I used spring onions to garnish this dish and also to add some greens to it. The spring onions also added some extra flavour to this dish.
No, I think I’ve rabbited on long enough!
I set up a scene with all my Dust minis in front of the house from Cerberus to take some pics. Did not work out at all, light was completely off and I don't know how to compensate for that with the settings on my camera so I'll do it again when I have more painted stuff. In the mean time, this will have to do.
I will be sitting here, in the corner of my padded cell, wondering, wishing, hoping that WE will be ONE before YOU realize WE have been apart! 108!
After reading and re-reading the “Et in Arcadia Ego” section of Brideshead Revisited, spending many a sunlit day with my friend the Mead, and pondering what are the halcyon days of life, I took a bit more interest in the story of Ceyx and Alcyone. Then I read “O! Happy Mariners” and was catalyzed into writing.
Don’t get me wrong. I can honestly say that I will never forget my first love, (or my second, or my third…) but that doesn’t mean I should continue to feel for them. It does’t mean that I should let the memories of them follow me around forever (ghost puppy?). So why do we do it? Why do we keep being drawn to that first person, that first love. When I look at my ex I think of nothing but good times and frankly it’s frustrating! To know you broke up with them for good reasons and then to turn and want them back is nothing short of insanity!
And the accessories came from here, there, and EVERYWHERE!
365 Days of Blessings, Day One
Row 1)skipping first ch, sc in next 6chs, sc to end of row.
Just in case you're wondering...this isn't 'real' grass jelly since the starch is setting the jelly and not the grass. I thought so too...so I experimented. I tried to thicken 6 cups of water with 75g of tapioca starch to see if the liquid would set like grass jelly....it didn't...as you can see from the picture below. The white mess in the bowl is the water + tapioca starch vs. grass jelly + tapioca starch.
I just ran across a blog with a very unique linky party idea. And while I love it when blogger take an idea and make it their own it is great to see an original idea. Or what is at least one I have not seen before.
* My Mavs got the big bad sweep handed to them by the Thunder. :( Sigh. Kind of a tough way to end the season. On the bright side, the first two games could have easily been wins for the Mavs. Yeah, I'll look ANYWHERE for that stupid bright side.
And getting a lecture like this from a born-on-third-base-and-thinks-he-hit-a-triple guy like Romney only compounds the obnoxiousness.
Cheers to good times! #TeamofWe
Concert Friday is a section of weekly posts published on every Friday. These posts would introduce a (series of related) classical music video(s) from a different (group of) musician(s), which differ every week.
In 1978 Ray Neve rescued the Wye hop collection from a wilt stricken field and replanted the hops in two separate areas. Peter Darby took over in 1981 and by 2006 the collection had 1500 plants, including 120 named varieties with 70 of these English (including 10 different clones of the Golding variety). Some of these plants had a history going back to 1737. Funding from the government stopped in 2006 and the terms of the lease said the fields had to be returned to arable land: all the hops would be grubbed up unless funding could be found. The National Hop Association decided they couldn't allow this and rapidly raised money.
Before the mass media evolved into what it is today, habitually addictive activities like smoking and alcohol use were predominantly passed on through families or influenced by social circles. Plus, the detrimental effects of these substances was not yet widely known or accepted.
Why am I waiting on this?
We’re conditioned to think that our lives revolve around great moments. But great moments often catch us unaware – beautifully wrapped in what others may consider a small one.
Mike worked for several hours clearing the road way so people could get by, one of the township guys came after I called to help with some of the clean up.
Wood: $19 (I used Poplar wood because I could purchase it by the foot, unlike the cheaper stuff where you had to buy a whole piece, but it was still more expensive than I thought)
Minion3: Ya well, my mate took home this like older lady on the weekend, I think she was like 40 or something, and he like shagged her senseless. He was woken up in the morning when her son walked in the room. My friend was like, “weren’t we in the same class at school?"....
If they don't, then I will be taking my kids back to the gallery in our own time and making a bee line for that sculpture. I'm not afraid to discuss the issues it brings up, and I know they won't be either. We can't ignore difference/disability, because we are living with it.
When I started making this kind of comps I decided always to include a Belgian song and a Dutch one. Berget Lewis has probably one of the best voices of Holland, but she never managed to break through to a bigger audience.
However, I can't imagine that I'll be letting my crock pot totally off the hook this week-- it's suddenly feeling very fall-like around here, with temperatures in the 40s in the morning and nothing more than the mid-70s by the afternoon. I think tomorrow will be the perfect day to try out that Tortilla Soup I was talking about last week!
Rafael Gil: Yes we anticipate more growth. The first occupation in Hampton Roads was Occupy Norfolk. We are trying to plan events that do not conflict with Occupy Norfolk. We are trying to have our voices heard and are handing out fliers. We are being misrepresented in the media. They think all we want to do is hang out and that we don’t have jobs. We are here to have a peaceful protest under our first amendment rights.
The radical Islam we are all supposed to be scared of, is a Talmudic creation. The Salafi Sect of Abd-al-Wahhab is a Jewish corruption of Islam, which negates all that is good in Islam. The founder was a Jew who feigned conversion to Islam and used his influence to create a sect which has undermined Muslim unity from the outset. To call Wahhabis Muslim is like calling Jehovah's Witnesses Christian; it is ludicrous.
I have begun work on what will be my first novel.
This Saturday, March 3, I’ll be signing copies of The Woman Who Loved Jesse James at Who Else? Books at the Broadway Book Mall, 200 S. Broadway in Denver. The fun starts at 3:30 — author J.A. Kazimer will be signing with me, so please come on down and say hello!
Cross Bottle shipping is handled a little differently than the rest of our shipping due to the nature of the item.
*Lifes lyrical DECLARATION-40 by U2
AdriN2001: Yeah
I read because I have friends who don't, and young though they are, they're beginning to run out of material;
In the articles Battle for Britain and Anarchy in the UK I covered the British riots that took place back in August. Much like the British Isles Greece has seen it’s fair share of austerity riots. In fact the riots have been going on for years. The level of violence in Greece has been steady as well. People throwing petrol bombs at the police has become a common sight.
On April 7, I reached the six-month mark of weekly making and baking. So far, I've conquered a whopping 56 Cooking Light recipes, from pierogies to pork chops, fudge cakes to French toast. And even though I'm making all this lightened up, reduced guilt stuff, I have to admit, I've never eaten better in my life.
Daily, I went back and forth looking through my pinterest boards for inspiration.
Place 1 jalapeno in the bottom of each scoop. Fill each scoop about 3/4 of the way up with the cheese/yogurt mixture.
Bill “Good night.”
I found a couple I thought looked awesome on ebay and decided to try them out.
I did not win, but after the contest I was contacted by Bohemia and was told that mine was among their favorites and would I sell it. Im glad they wrote when they did because I was on the verge of gessoing over the piece and painting something else. So a hearty thank you to my friend TROLL. I plan to reward you with art - Secretariat in bottle caps, perhaps? grrhahahahaha.
people ignored to jettison their crap –
So there you have it ladies and or gentlemen, so come on over and check it it out, even if you don't want to submit, Joan's store has so many wonderful things to check out, you won't be sorry.
“I promised myself I would never use this again after what happened in the Congo,” she cried, holding the sword in the position her sensei, Muturgo Barringturo, had taught her, “But it seems to me that the Sword of Punarbrula is the only thing that will kill you now Roger, that and........love.”
And I was spooked.
The right to oral proceedings is based on the fact that an oral discussion has a nature different from a procedure in writing and I think that not only the applicant has to account for the possibility that the examining division changes its mind during the discussion but the examining divion also has to account for the possibility that it will be able to convince the applicant - no matter how determined the applicant appears in writing. Depriving the applicant of his right to oral proceedings is clearly a violation of the right to be heard and I hope that this decision will remain isolated.
The adventure goes on and on...Sometimes I wish I could cast a spell and keep him in his little Chucks, contained in our backyard forever. But savoring our afternoon, brushing the dirt off of his 4" soles, and kissing his yummy cheeks today is about the best I can do...That and ponder what color his next pair should be? I love this adventure.
In Kindergarten, kids learn where to find files and software on Windows 2021. Reading is taught using computer terminology and books on the Internet.
The site could also include an intermodal transportation facility at the intersection for seven subway lines, the Long Island Rail Road, and Amtrak. Residents could walk directly and safely to the shopping on Steinway Street in Astoria; residents in Long Island City could commute from an LIRR station within their neighborhood and children from the surrounding communities could play on new ballfields.
there is a God who desires healing, wholeness and offers
It is a sturdy paperback book with full colour charts inside. The instructions are very limited which suggests it is aimed at people who already know how to stitch but because of the simplicity of each design, this book would be suitable for the beginner. Each design has been stitched and is photographed alongside each chart. The colours in the list are DMC.
Chicken(already cooked)
I wish I could kiss
I didn’t watch enough of this to really feel comfortable rating it. I enjoyed aspects of the first season, but felt the show was a bit thin. If I ever get around to watching subsequent seasons and they show improvement than I could see this finding its way onto the top ten.
Now you know I like to be truthful, so I must confess. This cardinal was not supposed to be mine! Again...no, no Nannette! Let me tell you a little story and you know how I love to tell you little stories. :)
I remember Delanoë’s election in 2001 quite clearly. I had paid little attention to his predecessor, Jean Tiberi, but Delanoë seemed like a figure who could provoke a radical and fundamental change in the city. Firstly, he was openly and proudly Gay, and in a very conformist political system, he was someone who could present a more diverse face for the city. I was clearly not the only one with this sentiment as he was easily elected as the first Socialist Mayor of the city after nearly 25 years of right-wing rule.
Can you see the bit of iridescence (and cat hair)? The fabric was lovely to work with – like a light weight linen. Almost every bolt of fashion fabric at PA Fabric Outlets is marked 100% polyester. A few bolts reported “rayon poly.” This is obviously not 100% poly. It’s lightweight – really light – but has a thick weave so that I decided it was unnecessary to line it, but perhaps I ought to have for durability. Ah well, I can always wear a slip.
Deneen
11.Georgia Yellow Hammers / Kiss Me Quick
And we headed back to post. We drove straight to the bus stop, and the kids watched Astro boy until it was time for Tom's bus. They had fun. I just kinda vegged. I don't know why I was SO extremely tired!
I can’t shake the Puzzle Pirates feel of that. In PP, you can solo a lot of things, and have a lot of fun playing alone, even on your own little sloop (and I hope Allods Online lets you solo ships), but the really crazy (fun) and rewarding stuff is done on ships with other players. If the ship combat (including manning separate stations) in Allods Online can be even partially as fun as PP (but in 3D, wooooo), it’ll be worth digging into. PP has PvP and PvE on these group ships, and both can be a lot of fun. I lean more to the cooperative PvE (the PP equivalent to raiding, I suppose), but PvP can be a thrill at times, too. PP is player skill based, though, which is, as always, significant when it comes to game design. We’ll see how much player skill means in Allods Online. I’ve never considered outleveling someone else to really be a “skill” when it comes to PvP.
We had arrived in the early evening and walked up to the city centre, squeezing past the queues at the bus stops, skirting the vendors of pirated DVDs with their wares laid out on black polythene sheets on the pavement, ready to be whisked up and away at the approach of the police, checking the pavement for missing manhole covers and noting the prices of the limes, sweet peppers, celery and coriander on sale at every corner, although this time we weren't shopping.
Share your passion with others, make the beers you want, persevere through adversity and create a name for yourself, but most of all; just have fun doing what you love - making beer.
Happy New Year everyone! It's been nearly two months since I've written on this blog, and while I've missed being here, I have loved doing my daily movie reviews on my classic movie blog. In fact, I have decided to not only do a daily movie review through the winter...but hopefully all year long as well. Additionally, I've added something new for this year---observing the birthdays of my favorite stars by sharing a tiny bit about them as well as my five favorite of their films. (Only six days into this year, and I've already had three of my favorite stars' birthdays to observe.)
A game call apparatus to be completely inserted inside a person’s mouth for calling game, comprising:
Of the new Heaven to dim.
Begin 2 days before baking. Yes I am serious! It takes time to make a great bread. Dissolve 1 teaspoon of the dry yeast in a 1/2 teacup of warm water with a pinch of Muscovado sugar added. Let the yeast bubble up and proof. Pour the beer into a large bowl, add half of the remaining Muscovado sugar and dissolve it thoroughly. Add in the proofed yeast mixture. Whisk in the whole wheat flour, half of the rye flour and 1 teacup of white flour. this should make a thick gloopy batter called a Poolish. Cover the bowl with cling film and set it aside for 18 hours. I usually make the Poolish at noon and let it sit until the following morning. It will rise up and then fall down leaving you with a somewhat gelatinized goo.
Actual long run mileage of 181.1 miles (through week 3). If I run 10 miles next week (as planned), I will have run 191.1 miles or 77% of the prescribed mileage. (Last year, I ran a total of 174.1 miles on my Sunday long runs.)
What nobody tells people who are beginners — and I really wish someone had told this to me . . . is that all of us who do creative work, we get into it because we have good taste. For example, you want to make TV because you love TV. There is stuff that you just love.
The Nakba Law, upheld in a constitutional court in January of 2012, symbolizes a major setback for the proponents of free speech. The absurd idea that historical perception can be regulated by the state is self-defeating: time and time again such efforts have strengthened the very forces they aimed at eliminating.
This will make an excellent review when we get to uploading this current series onto our website ( www.fancyacuppa.co.uk ) and makes one of those life-changing stories that our books thrive on. Good luck to Alan and Sue and enjoy your first summer of business!
Jon Caspi & The First Gun will be at The Brighton Bar in Long Branch next Friday, the 24th, on a stacked bill that includes the Progressive-Dance-Metal of Hyla Brook, as well as Matt Wade, and Underwater Country Club.
I swear, until the clicks, I had no idea it was a recording!! The voice seemed to be responding to my input appropriately. The voice didn't sound at all mechanical or fake. It sounded real enough to fool me. Evidently something triggered a restart, or I might not have known even then!
I am a huge procrastinator. In fact, Procrastinator should be my middle name. My brother's girlfriend has been pregnant forever (it seems anyway) and I have been thinking about making this one outfit for the baby ever since I found out. I wanted to give it to her at her baby shower but kept putting off. The baby shower was today and guess when I actually even started the outfit......yesterday. Well, the "outfit" turned into a single piece, the top. Ha! I ran out of time. Serves me right.
Besides having possibly the best defensive player name ever, Illinois DE/OLB Whitney Mercilus has all the traits and measurables of a premier pass rusher. He’s in the mold of Demarcus Ware and Aldon Smith. He led the nation in sacks with 16 and added 9 forced fumbles to boot. He’s a physical, high motor player with good production. The knock against him is that he’s a one-year wonder so he does have boom/bust potential.
This Christmas, the plans were to spend it with my husband's family here in Minnesota. I've been away from my family for the holidays before, but this year was more difficult than some, as my heart was feeling that "home" was back in Canada. We all have holiday traditions, and while they may not be spectacular or out of the ordinary, they're unique to us, and have shaped our perspectives in some way or another. That said, I felt like this year, I was looking for something that would give me a sense of tradition and solidarity--something that would give me the feeling of "home" away from home.
Blend well for some time...
Behold the Beloved in your own heart.
I spread the muck over the garlic as a mulch. He "dug up weeds" with his big metal spoon.
They would flow swift and free,
The next postcard is a view of that library's interior, described as follows:
Dear Aidan
It’s basically the same as upgrading your fake Louis Vuitton handbag, bought for under a hundred bucks in the back alleys of Bangkok with a real one, bought in Paris. NO ONE KNOWS. But you know. And somehow, in some universe, that makes you cooler. Plus. You can smell the real leather. Doesn’t it smell better than the plastic smell of sweat-shop worker’s tears? Well. that’s debateable.
There is nothing you can’t do – if you really want to do it.
2. Bring the water to a boil and add 6 of the tea bags and ginger root. After 5 minutes, remove tea bags and discard. Simmer 45 minutes to 1 hour until apples are very soft and have turned to mush.
This thing in the air I felt that night came from these four dudes who had so much energy, so much charisma, and so much obvious love for what they were doing that it was impossible not to laugh at their silly showmanship and dance right along with them. They made me feel like there really was something special happening that night and just by being in that place, watching them play, I was a part of it. The music is pretty intense though, straight up crazy with all the drumming and percussion going on, I don’t even really know how to classify them but it doesn’t really matter. If you saw these dudes live you would have a really great time, you just have to.
Wednesday, February 29, 2012.
One solution that I have found is to keep a productivity dashboard in front of me at all times. I choose to use a spreadsheet that has a quick view of all the items currently bouncing around in my brain. Right below that list of chaos, I keep a daily and weekly list of priorities, so that I don’t waste my time contemplating what needs to be done next. For example, today I am focused on editing a video I recorded yesterday, so that I can finish production and get the content out through my social media channels. In addition, this week I have it on my radar to write 3 to 4 blog posts for the week, and to pen one chapter of my book each day. So far this has helped me to be very productive this week, but reality dictates that little fires are going to pop up from time to time and demand that I put them out. I have to choose not to fall victim to condition/response, but rather decide on a condition/choice/response approach to putting out said fires. That’s where the productivity dashboard really helps me to manage all the things hovering around me.
juggling toddlers and preschoolers.
I have gotten used to the little piercings on the nose. I even think they’re cute in a way. But why would someone wear a loop going up their nose?
Seed stitch cloth
When people find out you are having a hard time as a new mom, they start to tell their secrets. How they felt depressed too. That helped me so much to know I wasnt this selfish girl who was the only one who felt these things. I remember when Drew was about 5 weeks old, i had just finished giving her a bottle. I set the bottle down and looked down and she smiled so big at me, looked me straight in the eyes, and then let out a little sigh. My heart skipped a beat. It was the first time she ever smiled. She had smiled in her sleep but she never smiled purposely before that moment. It was the first time I felt that love, that everyone talks about. It takes a newborn a few weeks to smile at you. And when they do, you will know that they like you!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) Its the best. That day was the first day i felt truly connected to her. And little by little your days get easier, you get to know them more. Drew will be two next month, and I will say I still have "those days" every once in a while when I wish I was free again. But my love has grown through the roof for drew. She's my little friend. I want her in my life. I'm so glad I have her. Dont know what i'd do without her. All the sad days were very well worth it. She's my squarshy baby lovers :) So the love at first site didn't happen for me. My love for Drew grew bigger everyday. The more I got to know her the more I loved her. :)
(A quick disclaimer here: I am not a lawyer and am not offering legal advice. I'm describing the process I followed. Before you use any intellectual property please make sure to review the terms of use and not rely on my descriptions.)
As I mentioned earlier, lefties won't remotely enjoy seeing their bête noire being portrayed sympathetically, but the way right of centre politicians have lined up to aim subtle digs at the film is equally interesting. Cameron and others have questioned why such a film should be made "right now".
It's an intriguing argument and one I hadn't seen before. There definitely seems to be something fishy about members of the executive branch to have the power to pick and choose whom a given law should apply to. Take the question away from Obamacare and imagine that it was some other law such as the Civil Rights Act and businesses argued that they could not afford to implement the law. Can you imagine the uproar if any presidential administration tried to pick out which organizations would get waivers from the law? Or pick any law that imposes some sort of burden on organizations - collecting payroll taxes, paying the minimum wage, or following environmental regulations?
Naturally I headed to a department store. Shopaholic tendencies aside, I had to spend some time there alone while my friends, whose family lived in town, took care of errands. Amongst eighty billion things, I spotted the spoons and fell in love.
There were definitely some weeds in there. Unfortunately, the biggest ones I planted myself. Weeds of excuses in several varieties. Hmmm, somehow I think they may be related to the nightshade family. Weeds of poor time management, bad habits, and past failures. There were also weeds of the Inner Critic, that nasty little beastie that lies within me, ready to pounce at the first sign of weakness.
So what kind of creative space do you have? A super big and bright area all of your own? Or a tiny but cosy little snatched piece of your home? I do so hope you're happily crafting away in a space that inspires you.
Weyandt TB, Schrader SM, Turner TW, Simon S. Semen Analysis of Military Personnel Associated with Military Duty Assignments. J Androl 1992; 13: 1-29.
Alcohol and Calories: Does Drinking Cause Weight Gain?
Compare and contrast these irregularities with a known official 1961 Hawaii form.
Born in Germany, Diane Kruger received international acclaim in 2004 for her role in Wolfgang Peterson’s Troy. Numerous successes followed, namely Christian Carion’s Joyeux Noël which featured in the Official Selection at Cannes and received an Oscar nomination in 2005 for Best Foreign Language Film. She subsequently worked with Agnieszka Holland, Bille August and Quentin Tarantino. In France, she recently filmed with Fred Cavayé and Fabienne Berthaud. She can currently be seen in Benoît Jacquot’s Farewell, My Queen, which premiered at the Berlin Film Festival in 2012. Most recently, she completed filming of Pascal Chaumeil’s Fly Me to the Moon as well as Andrew Niccol’s The Host.
“Australia’s Coast from the Air” DVD, with over 260 photos and soundtrack, is available in PAL and NTSC for only $25.00 plus postage and packaging.
This cake may not look like much from my photo but the name says it all...lemon bliss!
The trouble is only augmented by the show’s ambition – to literally let most of science and religion in, then to offer what amounts to a third term which proposes to reveal limitations in both the knowledge of science and religion. I think of religion: using myths and prayer to interpret physical evidence, forming theories of morality and politics that drive many people in the world to action. I think of science: fixing its Helium leak in France in an attempt to split more protons, collect more data, and learn more truths about the state of universe. And then I think of Arceneaux’s show (and much contemporary art like it): symbols and data culled loosely from both science and religion, simply praising shifting contexts and hoping that something will happen. The show at Vielmetter feels thin, not worthy of the belief (that writers on Arceneaux seem to hold) that somehow this type of art making trumps religion and science, that its “knowledge” that there are indeed no universal truths is somehow helpful. In my mind, it is enough to scare me back to truth.
Jessicca and Maurine (Mo)
Meeting Place
Retail rents seem to be holding up well despite the ongoing domestic economic contraction and CBRE notes that only 26% of international retail brands currently have a presence in Ireland which suggests considerable potential (at some future point).
Being a Lifestyle Himegyaru is a lot easier than you think, it's really about just taking care of yourself! So instead of posting how your daily schedule should look like I wrote a few tips on how to make you feel like a princess, inside and out!
The PSM EO6 support group was threatened by thugs when they gathered outside the Kepala Batas police station. The police refused to give them protection and it was PAS that came to their rescue.
Those words hurt Homer, but Ned never apologizes. That bothered me even more.
“No permanent treaty mechanisms shall be established that leads to liability for the decisions of other states, especially if they entail incalculable consequences” #19 Economist Nouriel Roubini is warning that without “massive stimulus” by the governments of the western world we are going to see a major financial collapse and we will find ourselves plunging into a depression….
But there is such a jumble of emotions. I’ve also had a flurry of emails from my dearest, bestest friends back home, whom I would be lost without. As much as I’ve been bitching about how NYC was exhausting (trust me, I know I sounded obnoxious), it was so fulfilling and reassuring to spend quality time with the people who know me best and love me for who I am. There is nothing like it in the world: that feeling of being understood. Of being able to spend time with someone and if there’s a pause in the conversation, it doesn’t matter—you’re still on the same page. Of smiling at each other like secret lovers, when you’re only smiling because you’re so happy to be together. I am so, so lucky to have the friends that I do, and I love and miss you all already.
I remember a time when I felt deep sorrow, the only thing that made me feel better was picking up a good book on the very topic that ailed me. It was if the words reaffirmed I had done everything I could.
The okay
Throughout my childhood, my friends seemed to have brothers and/or sisters who looked like them… or I would notice how some friends would look a lot like one of their parents. I didn’t! It was little observations like this that made me feel a little isolated and like I didn’t really fit in anywhere.
When I was a 15, we spent another 18 months living in Colorado. Again, I dealt with the cold and the snow. When we moved back to the Bay Area again, I was so grateful.
G.K. Chesterton, “On Dialect and Decency”, Avowals and Denials (New York: Dodd, Mead, & Co., 1935), pp.77-8.
horse gored by bull
For an instant she thought she saw the fiery eyes peering through the tree’s leaves and she quickly sat up. She was mistaken, but her erect body didn’t relax. What stared back at her—what caught her attention through the greenery of the tree—were the waxy peels of two fiery red apples, glistening in the light of the morning sun.
That’s the trouble with lying for a living: sooner or later people figure out that you’re not making sense.
You have until Midnight Tuesday 5th July to submit your creation using the linky tool below.
Director : John Schwert
Basic Necessities:
When Red Shoes asks you if you want to see one of the plays she's been working on (as a lighting designer extraordinaire, and you DO want to see her shows), she forgets to tell you to bring Kleenex or a hankie.
In addition to the white hydrangeas, I love the spikes of willow which add to the drama making this such a striking arrangement.
Having a mobile loyalty program will encourage customers to repeatedly purchase your products and use your services as they’re getting a reward which is a big incentive for them to stick with you instead of going to competitors. You can then reward your loyal customers by sending them promotional texts about special offers relating specifically to them by sending them a customised deal. You could also send this type of text if your customer hasn’t used your products/services in a while to remind them that you’re still there, keeping you in your customers mind.
It’s a lot of fun to write about all the inspiring and uplifting things in life too, share inspirational experiences and talk about success.
Harvey has the mind of an engineer and is very analytical. Although trained in the hard sciences, he is also a master of understanding the dynamics of interpersonal relationships. He has formulated many unique philosophies and views, such as his concept of the necessary trinity of elements which good relationships are built on: love, trust, and mutual respect. His personal philosophies are typically deep and nuanced.
My fingers nearly bled, I typed so fast and furious.
If you're new to 500 Words, you might want to read a few previous "Bartleby" stories before reading this one as Mackinson is a character who has developed over some time now.
so i went sunday alone and i had lots of fun.
Put the eggs, sugar and vanilla extract ,brandy in a freestanding electric mixer with a paddle attachment (or use a handheld electric whisk) and beat until well mixed. Pour in the chocolate mixture, beating on slow speed until well combined.
I know that everyone was shocked to learn this morning that the 38-year-old star of 'Lost Boys', Corey Haim, had died from a drug overdose, but I thought that all the monster movie fans out there should know that Charles B. Pierce also passed away last Friday.
Contributor notes / 52
Whats my resolution?...... guess you just have to follow me and ill let you now later on,lol
I told him my name.
We walked the trails and down by the river enjoying the sun, the park, the birds, and the company. It was a perfect day and for it, and the Christmas weekend, I am grateful.
It's that time of year again where large stores have some of their parking lots taken over with displays for sheds and flowers and all kinds of outdoor type things.
12 - Gas Head
Oh...and Klein and I schooled 3'6" today :) She didn't touch a thing! She just flew right on over. I'll post more on that in the next blog.
Next up, Jimmy and Jamal send over Palace (Kimberly Carson) and Nora (Brooke Fields) to sexually gratify a fella named The Sheik (Peter North) in his indoor tent. Well, the ladies start off by gratifying each other: licking and groping the usual places. Now, don't get me wrong, the sheer amount of spunk produced by Mr. North was awe-inspiring (I thought their respective crevices were gonna overflow), but it was actually the irregular nature of Kimberly and Brooke's wardrobe and makeup that made the scene the worthwhile entity that it is.
Now it’s time.
- One or more Daily Digests of Music News (planned)
Sometimes, I just want the answers. I want a clear, definite path of what we should do for our daughter. I don't want to agonize over what to do or wonder what the consequences will be for every decision we make. I just want to know that we're doing what's right for our sweet baby girl.
For 2 hours we cruised through the Nærøyfjord, an arm of the Sognefjord. It's one of the narrowest fjords in all of Europe, at one point it's only about 820 feet wide, and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. And it is stunning! The water was so cold it looked viscous.
b) How much baby vomit is normal?
And then I drive over to Whole Foods and, starving, pick up a miserly, un-caloric falafel and parsley salad and go home to my gated, ground-floor, sprayed-stucco apartment on the ugly, flat, valley side of Topanga Canyon Blvd.
For the next 4 weeks or so each of them went eagerly to their chosen place and gave the children not only their time but part of their hearts. Even when they were unwell, and they all got treated to a bout of the famed Delhi belly, they pumped themselves with pills and potions but never missed a day at work. They were always ready before the scheduled time and always had exciting plans and ideas to share with the children. It could be games, discovering the world or simply a bit of physical exercise, the kids always wanted more.
we are so excited to share it all with you.
The WPFD, 3 May, is a date which celebrates the fundamental principles of press freedom; to evaluate press freedom around the world, to defend the media from attacks on their independence and to pay tribute to journalists who have lost their lives in the exercise of their profession.
After two months of hard and diligent work, the Service Learning Academy Crew finally wrapped up an epic trail project within the Zilker Nature Preserve. The students had the opportunity to learn new technical skills including masonry, stonework, and basic trail maintence while improving a beautiful park in Austin.
Risotto of Spelt and Lentil with Roasted Cauliflower
Oh, and btw, the muzzle she has on in the picture is because shes a Lurcher, it was a condition of her being outside for walks - that she wear the muzzle incase of any rabbits, or other small animals crossing her path etc!
There's little to fear really, on this Day Two which is really Day One, being the first full day and a much more realistic representation of the 37 or 38 to come. Yesterday the Bridge Crew were taken by Long-Suffering Childless Units One and Three to the hideous and chilly land of Funder. And so I sat around pre-writing posts.
When something is left alone in New York, it usually falls apart, like Admiral's Row at the Brooklyn Navy Yards, or the shabby detritus of the 1964 World's Fair in Flushing Meadows Corona-Park, and becomes something less than it was before. There's a place on the border of Brooklyn and Queens where neglect has led to something good, something bigger than the sum of the parts that were left.
Les deux yeux lui tournent dans la tête,
I’ve not read either of the stories Gardner mentions. But before I read I never really considered that there were yarn writers.
So i thought that if I don't have a 'favourite brewery', what do I consider to be the 'the UK's best brewery'? It's a subjective adjective in that context, 'best' meaning what? May be Green King? Their IPA is the top cask seller in the UK, that makes them the best, right? May be Carling, who in 2009 sold 4.1 billion pints in the UK, they are surely the 'best' brewery as they sell more beer than any other in the UK? Is it John Smiths? No, it's not.
Oh but the ladies in Ichika’s life have a tendency to start off as aggressive towards him and end up his admirers and Laura is no different as she comically announces that Ichika is her “bride” and pursues the young man. We’ve seen this all before in other harem themed anime series and there’s nothing really new here as well. Add a trip to the beach and we have ourselves an excuse to see all the girls in hot bikinis while trying hard to catch Ichika’s attention.
“A VOLUNTEER is a person who is a light to others, giving witness in a mixed-up age, doing well and willingly the tasks at hand-namely, being aware of another’s needs and doing something about it.
This beer’s very name conjures up images of dark winter. The label depicts a solitary figure in silhouette trudging through a snowy landscape. Brrrr. Certainly there are animals that hibernate in the Sonoran desert come wintertime – toads and snakes mostly, but hereabouts, the animal life really tends to lay low in the summer, trying in every way to avoid the heat of the day. It’s not so much hibernation but simple self-preservation. You cavort out in the sun and heat for too long, you’re a cooked goose. So, Hibernation Ale is appropriate to our lifestyle here in the desert if one considers staying indoors and in the air-conditioning a form of hibernation.
Today, the once famous salmon fishery in Lake Huron is pretty much gone.
With this time limit it isn't possible to include all the things listed above. It's not the real thing - I'll post that after performance, all being well - it's the approximation my composition software comes up with. I hope you enjoy it. And if you should happen to be in this area on June 15th, do come to the concert, details here, click on CONCERTS 2012. I should be so pleased to see you.
This weekend there was a super moon. I hope you were able to see it in your neck of the woods.
MAKE SURE TO KEEP UP WITH THE LOOK WHAT'S NEW LINK ON THE SIDE FOR SOMETHING NEW IS ALWAYS IN THE WORKS! I have lots of contests and product reviews planned and I list everything there.
3 difficult
Santorum isn’t the first presidential candidate to vow to target porn.
We hit it off like long time friends--
The raw porcelain surfaces and muted glaze palette of Swyler’s vessels developed later on in her graduate career with encouragement from professor Jeanne Quinn. “(Jeanne) had gone on sabbatical in Europe. She came back with all these really wonderful little pots she had collected. Some of them had light glaze colors and some of them were unglazed. She said, ”Karen you have got to try this. Look at these surfaces. They are sanded and smooth, there is no glaze on them. I want you to try this.” That was a really big breakthrough for me (because) I started thinking about glaze in the way that I was thinking about the form.” Swyler began to see raw clay as bare skin and glaze as a kind of clothing. Her use of the raw porcelain surface added a desired layer of vulnerability to the work.
Next post, I’ll actually explain the story behind today’s illustrations which may not have all seemed all the relevant to this post. They are actually originally pieced together in comic form with gutters separating each panel (illustration). Trying another hand at some Sequential Art. I’m also looking to expand on this style of digital painting where I build on strong colour.
What I find helps me is a little mind game I play. Say I have a blow up with Family Member X and am feeling frustrated, angry, sad, you name it. I’m in pain, and want to numb the pain. I think about raiding the candy drawer (left over Halloween candy) or my husband’s cheese and salami stash, or heading to the local Mexican restaurant for chips and a margarita. Sugar, fat, alcohol – the drugs of choice. But what I tell myself is, if I do that, then they (Family Member X or whoever) win. Not me. If I hurt myself in that way, start a spiral of unhealthy eating, it’s like I’m on their side, not my side. If I’m on MY side, then I need to be good to myself. And being good to myself does NOT equal out of control eating or drinking. When I’m feeling “I’ll show them!” why would I do something that will make me fatter and more miserable? If I really want to “show them,” then I need to do the opposite of binging – stay in control, stay healthy, keep my weight down, look good, respect myself.
TFL!
I don't know if I was ready to be the caregiver to an 11 y/o girl. There are SO many conversations I didn't think I would have to have for YEARS! I am NOT going into them for your benefit (trust me...)! I don't know if I like it. Is that bad? I want kids more then anything, but I guess I wanted the chance to raise them the way I wanted, not get one that is already set in her ways. I feel like I'm doing it all wrong, I feel like she hates me already (And I've been warned from people that have been in my position that she WILL hate me). I feel like we are constantly getting on to her! "Don't put dirty dishes in the cabinet!, Put the milk/tea/juice (etc) away when you are done using it!, Don't leave the fridge door open!, Why do you have 5million lights on!, You don't need the T.V. on if you are listening to the radio!, Why did you just throw that? etc etc etc...
You see, everything we do in life is now done or available on the Internet in the World Wide Web. Whether you are plugged in or not, your information is available for download. And Microsoft is how we access that virtual world (through Windows and it’s sub-programs like Internet Explorer). When we enter all of our passwords, PIN’s, account numbers, our mother’s maiden names… and then we voluntarily record all of our most closely guarded secrets and personal information onto websites like MySpace (which is now owned by Rupert Murdoch’s “Fox” News Corporation, which is a mainstream media company, which again means it’s owned collectively by government) (http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/4697671.stm) Microsoft collects all of that information though its software and sends it back to itself and its servers and anyone else who pays for the sharing of that information.
all i need to know is whether transport is saturday or sunday..
Having taken Crawley to the heights of the Conference and onto the top of league 2 Evans look set to drag them into the dizzying heights of league 1 but the man who resembles a particularly odd-looking sausage that’s taken a heavy kicking has jumped ship to Rotherham. It is obviously for a bigger wedge of cash but some people are also quick to blame the north’s well famed pie production.
I could list the very real people I know who are attending college as adults, who have entered college after being unschooled all their lives and are successful, or unschoolers who are following other paths that are more fulfilling than college. I could, but I won't. Because no matter how many poster children there are for unschooling, closed minds won't get it. I don't want them to anymore...I just want to live my life.
*You can use pumpkin puree in place of roasting a pumpkin...if you do roast your own pumpkin, just add 2 TBS brown sugar to the 1 1/2 cups of roasted pumpkin you will be using for this recipe.
For example, as I write what I write now, I am thinking of something else— her images will not settle neatly in my brain— I cannot sit still.
Now known as The Courthouse Hotel, it is opposite the top end of Carnaby Street, just around the corner from the London Palladium.
4. Add the flour, egg and a good pinch of salt.
Three Cures For Excessive Sweating
There is always a more reasoned idea to be shared here amongst all the X-Fit ape name calling and Random Fitness blog bashing. How about a nice clear fact to start the day:
I'm going to go ahead and state that by no means do I think shopping is evil, buying things is bad, nor do I intend to ever give it up or attempt to persuade you to do so. This is really just me processing a lot of stuff. And yes, being somewhat intense about it.
daqueetbreal
What is it though that makes Raimo ice-creams and sorbets nicer than those of their competitors. “It’s the quality of the primary ingredients” explains Myriam Labbe, “which are sourced from a dozen or so suppliers who have worked with the company for a long time. Everything is fresh and is cut and squeezed by hand”. There are also some secrets involved in the production that go back generations, but of course Wilfried Wattier is sworn to secrecy.
4) A Signed Paperback book of The Hollow by Jessica Verday
What joy a new day can bring...
In Chicago, Occupy protesters – watched closely by police – gathered outside Bank of America branches, chanting ‘Banks got bailed out, we got sold out’. Police blocked an entrance to a bank as numbers swelled.
And bathe your eyes.
Here is just one example of why Greece is still a great place and why you should go there and spend your money, despite all the negativity in the press. But it is also a reminder that, whilst the financial markets are settling into the warm glow of complacency with the conclusion of the latest deal, the crisis is far from over and that none of the major economic contradictions have been addressed. Even though EU leaders think that they have successfully quarantined Greece (a policy that is the antithesis of solidarity), Portugal, Italy, Spain and Ireland are waiting in the shadows and even the Netherlands can’t meet the terms of the extraordinarily restrictive fiscal rules that they so assiduously helped to impose. There is no resolution, events are merely pausing for breath.
Monday I posted:
It is such a small thing to do each day but I have found that it has triggered a love for poetry in many of the children. They very often get poetry books of their own from the class library and bring me their favourites to add to the Friday poem of the week.
In addition, a flyer, closely resembling a wanted poster, bearing the faces of the members of the lacrosse team was printed and pasted on trees and fences across the Duke campus and surrounding neighbourhood.
4 garlic cloves, peeled and thinly sliced
Since Cinco de Mayo is just a few short days away, I wanted to share with you some of my favorite celebration ideas. I hope you enjoy these creative ideas as much as I do!
We find that most investors tend to start working seriously on their retirement plans between the age of 35 and 40. Considering that life expectancy in India is increasing rapidly and medical advancements make it very likely that we will live much longer than we currently envisage, creating a corpus that can outlive us can be quite a challenge. To put it into perspective, someone starting his retirement planning at 40 will save and invest for 15 to 20 years till he turns 60, and expect these savings to support him and his family for a 25 to 30 year period.
“The last call I received from Ms Madueke was at 6:41:35 on 4 April 2010 during which she thanked me for my contribution in influencing her appointment as Minister of Petroleum,” he said.
are hedged with fears of the death of their souls.
When I opened it I got quite a rush of energy. Ophelia was out on a walk, so I ran down the road to find her and share the news with her first. After that it was really quite strange, I was feeling a mixture of excitement, disbelief and triumph. I was also hit by a feelings of physical exhaustion and tension. Intense is one word to describe it. It took quite a while for it to start to sink in.
First up is a grungy layout of my son Daniel when he turned NINE last year .....
And here is the other set. I'm not sure if I'm going to keep both sets (because we definitely could use all 8) or give one set to someone for a present (another great reason to make these).
Bayern Munich reached the Champions League Final on Wednesday beating nine-time champions Real Madrid 3-1 on penalties after the two-legged match finished 3-3 on aggregate. Bayern will meet Chelsea in the May 19 final in Munich – the English side having eliminated holders Barcelona on Tuesday 3-2 on aggregate.
Petrol has increased by 208 per cent since 1984 but is still cheaper than in every country except the US, Canada and Mexico.
It's actually a funny story. When Faith was a bit more bitey, we decided to play with her with gloves so that she could chew on our hands without hurting us. She was able to learn whether she could bite us or not with those gloves. Mom started it, but I made more games with them that Faith liked.
"Coming up and we've got 'The Pretenders' with Brass in Pocket. 'Kenny Rogers' with Coward of The County. 'Blondie' with that fab song Atomic. 'The Jam', with their double A side, Going Underground and Dreams of Children, and a new one from that master of invention David Bowie!"
Why would anybody need the services of a competent Virginia criminal defense attorney? Well, this content shall explain that. As a person residing in the community, you are under the regulation of the law of the land so when certain types of situations take place wherein one is framed in a legal situation the only hope to get away from the consequence or to attenuate it would be to seek out the assistance of a legal counsel who knows about all of the intricacies of legal issues. It is very hard to undertake your personal lawsuit and win it simply because understanding the law is never an easy job and only a professional can aid you out in this kind of an issue.
master bath, tub area
Indians, forever comparing themselves to China, would likely not be happy with that score. China is 26th overall, packed in with the likes of Turkey, Ireland, Italy and Portugal.
For Irina Rozovsky, Israel has long been a part of her own lineage, memories, and sense of personal identity. This had been the case despite the fact that prior to 2008, she had never been there. For peoples of any diaspora, identity, memory, and place can be profoundly intertwined in the absence of the very earth in which those notions were formed. A Russian immigrant to the United States, Rozovsky traveled to Israel in 2008 without any intention of making a body of photographic work but swiftly found herself in the throes of a picture-making frenzy, the result of which is One to Nothing. These pictures emerged as a means to draw together the multiple strands of personal, racial, religious, and societal histories as they had informed her relationship with Israel. At the same time, they embraced the vast, insurmountable anachronism of this symbolically charged landscape that harbors an ancient and contentious history.
I should add that the sound on the LP at hand is quite good, and so is the quality of the various accompaniments. Details are on the label scans in the download.
Third name drawn will get a signed poster of The Guardians of Elijah's Fire. Koo Koo Kachoooo!
I'd like to say this recipe was mine all mine, but I can't. The lovely people over at MyDeliciousRecipe.com encouraged me to check out their site yesterday when I was having a bit of a "Food Block". You know what it is... all of us are guilty of it at one time or another. Eating the same thing and just tired of "chicken, pork, and beef". Not that there is anything wrong with those things...
Andrew Loucks, a member of Hamilton Action for Social Change, said the group -- which also marked Mother's Day with a demonstration at the same site Sunday -- chose Wescam because it provides imaging equipment for war purposes.
Although gold, silvers and bronze are top notch in my books, greater still is the ability to embrace fear and not allow it to control your actions. What you don’t know about my son is that a year and a half ago, he played the piano and made mistakes that were so jarring, he almost wrote piano off for good. He made it clear to me that he would never, ever play the piano again in public. He almost quit piano lessons, but in the end, he agreed to stay so long as he would never be pressured into playing for an audience.
We will also be offering these same prizes to three of you lucky participants. Those winners will be chosen randomly.
leaving;
Escape from the Planet of the Apes is second only to the original in critical praise. For this, I am baffled. It is not the worst of the bunch. That would be tomorrow’s installment. But the continuity errors and silly attempt to place Cornelius and Zira into modern society was just too much for me. It is just too much of a radical departure from the previous films for me to get behind.
Call me a skeptic, but I rather doubt she really spent time in the presence of God. Why? Well, in scripture, when people find themselves in the presence of God, they are overwhelmed not with tranquility, but with terror. Isn't that what we've been coming across in our reading in Exodus? As Israel camped at the foot of Mt. Sinai, God made his presence known on the mountain—
I realized how much I have struggled to let it be-and judged myself instantly when I could not: my whole story depends on judgment.
The act also established a decimal system of currency for the country and set the various denominations of the coins. The three highest value coins were all made from gold: $10 Eagles, $5 Half Eagles, and $2.50 Quarter Eagles. Next came five silver coins: $1 Dollars or Units, $0.50 Half Dollars, $0.25 Quarter Dollars, $0.10 Dismes, and $0.05 Half Dismes. The $0.01 Cent and $0.005 Half Cent were to be made from copper.
Whisk cooled butter, cream cheese, sugars, salt and flavorings together until smooth. Let rest 2-3 minutes. Add egg and whisk until combined. Mix in the flour and baking soda with a spatula, just till combined. Stir in chocolate chips and nuts. Cover dough and refrigerate overnight or for 48 hours, if preferred. When ready to bake, heat oven to 375F and line baking trays with parchment. Using about 2-1/2 – 3 Tbsp. dough, make balls, then flatten between palms and place on baking sheet. Sprinkle with sea salt. Bake 8 minutes, till set but not brown; cool completely, about 15 minutes. Bake again 8-9 minutes, till lightly browned. Cool in pans 5 minutes, then turn out onto wire racks to finish cooling.
Towards the end of last year I introduced three little angels to you. One named Twilight, one Dusk, and the other Noon. Each one features animals and obviously, a certain time of day. This was the basis/theme for the series. To catch up, here are the two links to those posts:
-Rather than striping the pastry bag, add previously colored icing (several colors) into a bag at the same time.
Extras: Buttons, Ribbons, WOC Flowers, Pearls Swirls
Digital camera
a blue tit pecks through icing
I decided to finish my degree as at this time I was getting quite unwell again (the start of my current ongoing BPD crisis, still pre-diagnosis) as I had nearly 700 credits with the OU and although I needed to do one more course to get the BSc Hons in Health Studies I no longer wanted to study health related courses for the time being, so I cashed in 360 of my credits for an unnamed 2.1 Bsc Hons… I had my graduation ceremony in June 2010, but due to the course counted for the degree I had actually ‘graduated’ in December 2008…
HARRISMITH: Man dies in hospital after brutal attack with knives by black attackers.
“OK, I’ll be right there.”
And as you all know, the film has now been pushed to next year, as Mr Perfectionist needs time to prepare for his negative avatar.
-Recaps of Every SNL Season
Wars are alternately galvanizing and divisive events. One, of course, wants the home team to do well, to fight with honor and to come home safely. To do that, other people must die, many of them innocents. Many, sadly, are children. But they’re not our children so our grief is not long lasting. We move on to other things – celebrity weddings and all of that.
Yow MD, Williamson DW, Leeds LJ, Thompson P, Woodward RM, Walmus BF, et al. Epidemiologic characteristics of cytomegalovirus infectin in mothers and their infants. Am J Obstet Gynecol 1988; 158: 1189-1195.
The Creative Pioneers Challenge is a nationwide search for digital and creative entrepreneurs. The initiative will provide 300 people in the UK with an opportunity to find work in the creative industries. These opportunities include apprenticeships and internships which are being offered by 100 creative and digital media businesses. The scheme will also help to connect those who are ready to start their own business with people who can help with starting up in the creative industries.
Our dining room table could tell many a tale of knights and kings,
The new Christmas beers have got a somewhat mixed review with some critics claiming that the traditional Norwegian Christmas beers, more in the bock tradition, provide a better match to traditional, fat Norwegian Christmas food dishes like pork and lamb ribs.
He was still screaming away safe behind his door, the wheel and steal. How brave we are in armor.
Turn your attention to the recent explosion of self-promoted success in the digital music, film, and book markets. There is a growing movement of musicians, filmmakers, and writers who are forging new ways to make a living producing their art – and they are doing it without obnoxious marketing and the corporate superstructure responsible for such marketing. These artists are connecting directly with fans and giving their fans a reason to buy. The most successful new wave of artist success stories is powered by this emergent ethos. Be yourself, address your fans directly. We’re all people, and we can buy from each other, without gatekeeping from corporations posing as people.
Thay also sell tickets for amusement parks, concerts, sporting events, museum admission, trains, McDonalds coffee, and a number of other things.
Change is as simple as
Adding depth to accessories are this elegant texture lace patterned cuff and ‘Arty’ embellished earrings from Yves Saint Laurent.
The results carry concerning consequences, with researchers finding children born out of wedlock are more likely to struggle in school or suffer emotional and behavioural problems.
100. It's 10:00pm and I'm not even tired
So...anyway...that's kind of where I'm at.
Vader: Hold it. Before you go, I want some Thin Mints, some Peanut Butter Patties and a box of Thanks-a-Lot.
I'm excited! Yes!!!
I just don't give him enough credit. He really knows what to say... at the right time... in the right way.
Know your enemy but first know yourself. Lie to your foe but stay true to your folk.
Cried alcohol
It seems to be a very fine line that I have to walk. For example....I will let them choose an outfit and dress themselves. However, they are not allowed to wear jeans and a raggedy old t-shirt to church. I will let them help me plan meals and then help make dinner. But dinner can not consist of jelly beans, potato chips and hot chocolate.
9. the joy of giving a quilt to someone who really appreciates it!
We were saving our appetites for dinner at Chad's. We invited my friend that took me back and forth to the hospital all those days. She brought him a box of chocolate truffles. I did bring the camera, but forgot to take pictures. The service was excellent. We'll just have to go back again and remember to take pictures. They have a prime rib sandwich on garlic bread for lunch. We were too full for dessert. Another reason to go back.
Blake is moving on to Europe for two weeks out of a desire to attend a French DIY waxing course and to learn how to make decent sauerkraut, from what I understand. I would have solemnly pointed out that he will always be inherently, impossibly hairy and no one can ever make sauerkraut taste good, but I’m not one to crush dreams. From there he’ll be in Madrid – BLAKE GO TO THE FUCKING PRADO – where he’ll partake in World Youth Day, an event whose purpose and MO still escapes me even after dozens of explanations – and visit the wonderful Prado Museum on the side, Squeaky Robot’s favorite. As you can see, it’s an exciting time for him! I can’t wait to become hopelessly envious over all the stunning photography he produces; I also can’t wait to laugh maniacally when the cheapest guy in the world starves to death in Western Europe solely due to his absurdly erroneous habit of comparing all of the world’s prices to those in Southeast Asia and subsequently rejecting them. Don’t worry, Blakey, leaves are free and high in fiber.
It winds through the hearts of all people and race like a branch of God’s Tree that cannot erase.
juxtapositions of dissonance against consonance in an
A simple Wiki search brings up the crowning of Henry of Bavaria in 1014, the death of James Cook in 1779, Saint Valentine’s Day massacre (1929), and the nationalization of the Bank of England in 1946…
With an electric mixer, beat butter until light and fluffy.
Ryan is still thinking about knitting, and us.
2. Herds of fake deer? Not so much.
Arrange each of the felt flowers on top of your wreath in any way you desire. Tie them down in the back of the wreath with a knot. Snip the edges. Once you are completed, hang on your door to provide a warm welcome for your guests!
Ernest Sharp (1886-1967), son of Milo and Lilly Sharp.
As I fell to the ground, slug in my belly and water in my eyes, I smirked my last smirk and couldn't help think that I taught her well. It gave me an odd sense of satisfaction.
Fabric of choice
As an artist, you’re almost guaranteed to live poor unless you get a breakaway hit. Any artist: musician, painter, actor, clay potter, hairy potter, writer. You have to wade through every stay-at-home critic, every self-styled synthesized “artist” that has a million ways to saturate you with advertisement, and fight for every fan you can find.
I just wanted to mention two fun upcoming 5ks – one that can be done from wherever you are this upcoming week, and one on the beautiful Boston waterfront at the end of May.
Television, the drug of the nation.
Fingers crossed.
While I'm sure all the stories are great, I already have a favorite. Diana Peterfreund shared with me an early draft of her story, "Foundlings" and I just ate it up. I don't want to give too much away, but it deals with teen pregnancy in a world that's not all that far removed from our own. You know how some dystopian stories are set in these crazy societies that you just know could never really exist here on Earth? Well, Diana's setting feels eerily plausible, especially after reading some recent headlines. Even more so, since I first read it when I was pregnant myself, last year. Scary stuff! But, like, in a good, entertaining kind of way!
Chinga a tu madre. If you can’t tell he’s Puerto Rican after reading that you’ve never been to New York!
ISBN: 9780763653163
Applications for Student Council are now available in the main office! Election packets are due Monday, April 16. Elections will be held in TAG on Wednesday, April 18. See Mr. Walther if you have any questions!
But differences persist on rank determination. The Maoists have demanded at least a Brigadier General position for one of their commanders. The opposition parties and the NA have said they cannot give anything higher than the rank of a Major as this would hamper the “professionalism” of the army, and cause resentment among serving officers.
Pushkin’s Tatiana
She keeps insisting that the deed restoring the place to her be drafted to her specifications and she won't accept the perfectly good deed we give her. We point out that her format isn't recordable....she still demands it. We acquiesce and hey, what do you know, its not recordable. She then demands another one. We draft one that will work and she then makes a number of ridiculous demands such as requiring that it have a gold and raised seal on it (totally unnecessary in Michigan) and makes other weird claims. We send her the deed via signature delivery and tell her that third times the charm and that's it, she can record it, she can hang it on her wall, she can roll it and smoke it, whatever but we're done playing around. We also send directly to the county a release of the original lien, which the county takes over a month to record.
We have, at best, a dodgy internet provider (I’m pretty sure they’re just a bunch of DoDo’s). We are left without access just as often as we are left with it. And I always find myself left kind of at a loose end when I know I can’t get online and I start to get antsy.
We usually get the same food every time we go to a restaurant; find one that's good, why switch it up right!? What do you usually eat at Chili's? Maybe we'll get daring and change our food order (but truthfully, probably not :p)
Connie continued performing for decades in nightclubs, cabarets and revivals despite a number of life-threatening illnesses/injuries which included a bout with cancer (for which she had a double mastectomy in 1984) and a 2002 car accident that left her with two broken vertebrae in her neck. She finally retired in 2006 at age 85. During her career she performed for Presidents Dwight Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush.
these chicks could be where we
― Robert Frost
This list doesn't stop there as there are also Meet Directors/Promoters that pay athletes healthy sums to compete in their events. Nutritionists and Nutritional Consultants that advise the athletes on the food, vitamins and supplements that they ingest. And Physical Therapists/Masseuses who advise on the physical fitness/physical preparation of the athletes.
I started to cry,
How can you ever, ever repay anyone for a gift like that? Giving this child life and handing them over for someone else to raise, in my eyes, is the most unselfish act that any woman can ever make. There just aren't enough thank you's in the world that could scratch the surface of how you want to express what it means for you to be given the opportunity to be called "Mama".
Now, let me clarify something here. I’m not saying God is the cause for our hardship in life. No, that’s not what I’m saying. Sin is the cause of these things. But if we are obedient, if we stay obedient to God, then God can use the bad things in this life and turn them into times of growth for us. He gives the cloud a silver lining, so to speak, and makes sure we don’t endure without there being something we can gain from the trials in life.
The stores were graded on a number of factors, including the sale of overfished species such as Chilean sea bass, hoki, orange roughy, and shark. The retailers were also scored based on the degree to which their fishing methods were destructive to habitat and the environment, as well as on their conservation initiatives, transparency and internal policies.
The weary old model of agencies charging for time places an undue emphasis on stretching out the strategic and creative development process for as long as possible.
2: Nearheath pilgrim(W)
Meanwhile, how 'bout we revisit an "oldie but goodies" using of of Mr. H's classic product lines?
Following precise magnetic field lines, these braids and ropes are known as Birkeland currents, after Norwegian explorer and physicist Kristian Birkeland who predicted them in 1903 after years of study of aurora in the Arctic.
The locomotives survive today in the collection of the Nevada State Railroad Museum. #22 still operates occasionally at the Museum in Carson City. #18 is on display in Virginia City. http://www.nsrm-friends.org/index.html
and, as for the patience . . . . . .
or stand in the way of sinners
Russ: “The writer whom I credit with the Thingness of Things more than anyone is Anton Chekhov, who is my current main squeeze. He just does it, he can talk about the moonlight on the ocean, the smell of the trees and flowers in a garden which transcends mere description – he gets right to the thingness of things. It can’t be learnt. You’ve either got it or you haven’t. If you’ve got it, flaunt it.”
The Bible tells us of Father Abraham, who “being not weak in faith, considered not his body now dead, when he was about a hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sara’s womb: He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God” (Romans 4:19-20). Abraham tangibly expressed his hope by giving praise to god; he didn’t allow his physical condition to discourage him. If there’s no substance or tangible expression to your hope, then there is no faith.
The total then for workers in most states has been 79 weeks — counting the weeks available in their regular state program, but not EB.
Upon waking up and thinking on this, I still wish he showed up at plays and read my blog.
I see that twelve cities in the UK are going to vote today in a referendum on whether to have a celebrity mayor… Which is odd because in Bury, a lowly town, we had that referendum in 2008 showing that we’re ahead of the trend. The million pound mayor was what they called it after “interested parties” pushed a referendum through and the same “interested parties” were quite surprised when commonsense local folk told them, in ballot form, to buggar off.
Now on to the wings.
I paid off my credit card debt this spring/summer and today I made my final payment to my brother. Several years ago, my oldest brother helped me purchase a used car. I had been in an accident where my car was totaled by an uninsured driver and since I had "liability only" coverage, most of the costs weren't covered. My brother was completely amazing and loaned me a little over $2,000 to help me buy a new car. Today, I transferred the final amount owed to him.
Cotton, a former Bloomberg administration aide, is the successor to Bruce Bender, the wily political operative who helped steer the project over several shoals but ran into rough waters. He was wiretapped during a profane attempt to get state Sen. Carl Kruger, since convicted of taking bribes, to direct money to Atlantic Yards, and left the company shortly before he testified in a federal corruption trial regarding the developer's unseemly, though not illegal, decision to hire Yonkers fixer Zehy Jereis for a no-show job after he helped get Council Member Sandy Annabi to change her vote.
The Score
Of the 8 planets in the solar system, four are part of the rocky or terrestrial planets and the other four are part of the gas giants. Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars comprise the small, rocky planets. Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune are the gas giants.
Starpoints
And the car park
One solution might be to let the centerpiece become an "end piece." That's what I've done today. Well, naturally, I continued the design down the center of the table, but the emphasis is on the tall floral arrangement at the end.
Corinne & Davis tomorrow I will tell you about the things I will see today.
Thursday, October 11th–Therapy.
*Former spokesman for John Bolton.
I was blown away by the fantastic 'sales' items available to VIP members... I will be doing quite a bit more shopping there now!
Mary Kate Tate and Nate Tate (2011)
Yeeeah, sooooo.....I guess I'm done rambling for now at least. I'm sure I'll have more ramblings for y'all soon enough! Or, who knows........I could have a baby. We shall see I guess! :-)
Gillian is also really good at spotting mushrooms, probably due to her closeness to the forest floor. All mushrooms should be cooked before consuming them, so she knows to never put any mushroom in her mouth. She has a favorite wild mushroom (sulphur shelf) to eat, and can identify several other species already. We used to have a monetary incentive of a quarter for every mushroom she spots, and while it helped fill our basket, it also quickly emptied our pockets. We still try to make mushroom hunting fun by bringing a magnifying glass with us to examine some of the fungi we find. Get your kids outside, and show them a few cool mushrooms, even if they are not edible.
But it seems the Election Commission (EC) is taking this law easy, to suit its convenience.
Door closed now.
When Joe Bob was finished, Mary Louise asked, "How much is the teapot?"
And then, stillness, as if all momentum is lost. Her breath returns and she finds herself gasping painfully. Opening her eyes, she finds herself kneeling on the floor, with no blood or broken bones to mark her fall. Mystified, she slowly drags herself to her feet and looks at the space before her. She is standing in a room covered in curving slabs of raw sienna and burnt umber, smooth and spare, with large shapes patterned into overlapping forms along the wide expanse of wall. The ceiling is a uniform misty red, as of gases swirling above a transparent convex barrier. Brief flickers and sparks glow and ripple through the gases, and the effect is so hypnotic and calming that she almost fails to hear the sound of a throat clearing behind her.
The ads try to convince the public that famous people are just like them - and enjoy eating burgers and drinking milk-shakes in Burger King restaurants.
Well, much to my surprise, again, this little guy was breech as well! Exact same position as his sissy and turns out-I've just got a uterus that likes to bend my children in half ;-) We felt so blessed and so grateful that the Lord had guided us in that direction so that we were prepared. It was a tremendous blessing.
...Not as great as I had hoped. It's possibly okay (maybe) from the front, but from the sides the beefy sofa just looks to heavy for those weak-looking, ugly legs.
He confirmed that the commission has been set up with funding provided by Bernard Lewis and celebrity novelist Terry Pratchett (pictured), a Patron of Dignity in Dying and advocate of legalizing assisted suicide for people with dementia. He also confirmed that Dignity in Dying itself (formerly the Voluntary Euthanasia Society) had made the arrangements for its formation.
Kong Rithdee writes about movies and popular culture for the Bangkok Post.
In the innocent early '60s there was a sentimental pop song, a duet between "Paul" and "Paula." I think all wholly or partially Latin-derived languages have some given names with masculine-feminine variants. But why only some names and not others?
An important investigation innovation came about from the crime scene at the Sussex bungalow: The officers, who were not outfitted with gloves, were forced to pick up Kaye's remains with their bare hands. After the Mahon investigation, rubber gloves became standard equipment at murder scenes.
Tip #2: I do not have a hammer in my crafting space so used my Cuttlebug to flatten the prongs on the West Cal jean garment (Left hand corner of tag above). Just fold the prongs in slightly and then flatten by running through the machine. This was efficient and quiet:0)
Remember the night before a long training run, you can leave water/lucozade/energy gels at a thought out place on a route you plan to do, so you don’t have to carry so much.
They have to get the whole thing right.
I could have gone Joan Rivers on him and said, ”You have a problem with my country, you should get out!” like I did before to a former coworker, also an expat (we never spoke since), but I didn’t say anything at the time.
That earned me a glare back, and I relished the moment. It was decidedly difficult to ruffle my father. When I managed to succeed it was delicious.
SONG: “Another Tricky Day”
Each one of you women established the foundation in which I would be raised! Thank you for rolling out the red carpet for this star!!!!!!
Before testing began, I was on a strict 72 hour diet of low/no sodium so that testing would be extremely baseline. I also had to complete a 24-hour urine collection before coming to the center, so I had a jug and a kit that I carried on our trip up to Vermont. All in the name of science, I tell you!
Some readers will like my stuff. Others will hate it. To each his own.
Here are a list of facts on which I and 9,000,000 other poets have spieled endlessly:
Resize Image to your liking, my tag is 550 X 492
Or resembling you
Beat the butter, sugar and vanilla until light and fluffy
Life as we know it, won't always be this way.
Schoolbag in hand she leaves home in the early morning
Upon returning home from this nightmarish work, I find later that the Rugged Man has appeared with a gaggle of his Nazi cohorts and he is angry at my attempts to deject him.They break into my house, and the Rugged Man sexually assaults me. Afterwards, he kidnaps me and forces me into an unwanted marriage.
…I’m a biker. Well, I’m not a biker of the Harley or BMW variety. I guess I should say I am a cyclist. Yes, that’s better- I cycle quite a bit to get from here to there and mostly because I enjoy it. I don’t do much nighttime cycling even though I have all the right equipment to do so(lights,reflective gear, etc.). I prefer to be out on my bike early mornings. Of course this means that at certain times of the year it will actually be dark when I head out for a spin.
This spring has been a test in patience. The snow melted uncannily early, but ever since our days fluctuate between the high fifties and high twenties (some of those days being much nicer than others). And though the roof is done and we managed to re-paint our foundation and rotate our tractor equipment from winter (plow) to summer (finish mower and attachments), I’m eagerly awaiting time when I can start placing things in pots.
All the rest of it will be whatever it is meant to be,
4) The ‘grumpy old troll’ clearly needs help, I’d suggest counselling.
“That’s because he’s a detective, Giovanni,” explained George. “He can’t help following people. It’s part of his nature, like a…um…”
Sometimes it's hard to remember that Boston Beer Company/Samuel Adams is still a craft beer company because their reach in the market is so widespread. But at 2.4 million barrels in 2011, they are certainly well under the 6 million barrel production limit that defines a craft brewery. Much like New Belgium and Sierra Nevada, it's great to see Samuel Adams, a well-established craft beer brewer, still trying new things. With their new bomber series, BBC is experimenting with new styles like barleywine, rauchbier and chili bock. And while they might not be for everyone, we should appreciate the fact they are staying progressive in a time when consumers are craving variety and innovation in craft beer styles.
Eric's life aboard a top secret stealth submarine as a member of the government’s M.E.R. program has been about discipline, cunning and survival.
Here are many hearts made by my Adelaide, which I send out to all of you who have kept me company throughout the years. I wish for all of you many small joys to come to you today, and each day for always.
Conditioners. These contain a lot of silicone. Yep, it feels awesome on your hair, but it is doing nothing to give you moisture. It is like putting a wax on your car. But not really protecting it like car wax does.
I loved this book. The writing is just gorgeous and the fairy tale sections really enable her to showcase this aspect of her work. Yet at the same time, the contemporary realism is unflinching and utterly unromanticised.
This is the first of a series of old and silly journal entries I’m sharing here. This particular entry is dated January 16, 2005.
For many people it is easy to blame capitalism for our current economic environment. The truth is capitalism is not evil and it’s not what caused this economic crisis. What caused this financial mess are the people who immorally and unethically used the free enterprise system for their own benefit without regard for who they would get hurt in the process. So don’t blame the system. Blame those who hijacked the system for their own devious pleasures.
14 They took therefore two chariot horses; and the king sent after the host of the Syrians, saying, Go and see.
If you are also interested to join the said giveaway, do not hesitate to click the link and follow the simple mechanics at GagayMD.
Ah, the look of bored resignation that would come over my kids’s faces whenever I would wax nostalgic about Men at Work, The Police, Van Halen, Robert Palmer, Adam Ant, or any other musical act that was big when I was lad in high school (1982 – 1986…thanks for asking) was the extra salsa on my burrito that made our outings that much more special.
Today I'm linking up to showcase some of
Well enough, in fact, to jump her big butt up in my cold frame and start chowing down! Good thing I saw her when she did it or I wouldn't have a scrap of anything left in there. We had to build her a little corral in a corner of the garden because she became too aware of all the good food around her and too mobile! She has a good size space for roaming still though.
Trampoline fails:
I can’t hide and curl up forever
Have been busy over the weekends learning ukelele chords on youtube and presenting a few nice pieces i have learnt. Never regret buying my ukelele. Its like my best friend now!
Bryan pulled her closer and whispered, “You look lovely tonight, Mara. I’m gonna have a hard time behaving myself and being a gentleman.”
- John K.
Fiber 2 g
I had a fricassee of mushrooms and bacon on toasted brioche, this was simple but really good, proper comfort food.
I am currently reading Tony Evans’ The Kingdom Agenda. It has been sitting on my “to read” book pile for a long time. My husband and I saw Tony speak in Evansville a few years ago. We’ve always liked Pastor Evans and have listened to him for many years. So, when he was going to be in our town, it was a “no-brainer” that we’d go and listen. We picked up this book at that event.
And there are things that are completely unrelated to this trip, prayer requests that i've had, things that i have literally been down on my knees praying for, that He has answered. He has shown me the power of prayer and the power that He has to overcome even the darkest place in this world. I praise Him for that!!
get on your nerves.
Even main characters need to have a balance of both good and bad. Having flaws creates characters that are real, likable, and relatable. In the series Fablehaven by Brandon Mull, a main character named Seth has a fatal flaw making him fail at nearly everything he attempts. Getting behind someone who messes everything up over and over can get nerve racking. But, in the end you cheer for him. Why is that? What makes him so likable? Is it that we all can relate to screwing things up more than once?
She can't get me back on an economy flight, TBS tells her not to worry, just book premium economy, it's only money says he, he's quite enamoured of the free champagne and the food served on real plates, I tell her to change the dates. As his paper round won't even cover the airport parking.
warriors recruited by Shimada
"Trifecta" is a new lil' loose, harcore joint that Trife has put out there for the kids just flex his obvious gift of gab...
I am more than willing to give you the necessary amount of validation tickets to cover your parking needs, but with out the PARKING TICKET for the reader to scan in the first place , unless you find the PARKING TICKET, you WILL have to pay the fee's in cash to exit the facility.
At a recent meeting of The East Birmingham branch of the British National Party in Acocks Green, there was an unanswered controversy that unfolded before the bewildered eyes of members and other attendees.
because, omg, they are mine.
The content itself isn’t unique. It’s a first person, middle earth type Elves and Orcs affair in which you pick from a selection of races and build your character to take into the World.
You are now (likely) just days away from the end of the spring 2012 semester. That my friends, deserves a cheers! Equally as exciting is the warm(er) weather upon us. Summer is right around the corner and visions of barbeque cook-outs, corn on the cob, and freshly squeezed lemonade fill our heads.
Sun, 11:15pm: Why did this happen to me? Why am I living 3600 miles from home?? Why am I alone?? Wtf am I doing?
It is an understatement to say that God knows best. But how many of us really take that to heart? We read God’s word; we pray for direction and then spend untold hours trying to figure it out for ourselves. We are making the same mistakes that were made by Paul, Moses, Abraham, Gideon and a host of other Biblical and historical believers.
Tapper: you’re in last place
cause we got nothing to lose?
Men never have to remember which way to comb their hair since they have combed it the same way for years.
8. the NASA / U.S. air force CRESS 1990 Press kit.
For Your presence to fill up my senses
There are sooooooo many prizes you will be beside yourselves! And that's not all...this week at
She was predictably stalwart throughout. There was a breathy 'ow ow ow' followed by an accusing glare, and an indignant 'that hurt' directed at the wench with the white gun. I detected a slight tremor right before the second shot, but no tears, no fuss. And now:
Here's the sofa that Audrey will sweetly grace above it. The oil painting sitting on the sofa now will be hung in the room at one point, still deciding the "where".
Anyways, I in actuality anticipate we should accommodated for drinks. I apperceive this accomplished bond affair has you beneath “mansion arrest”, and your abandon is bound adapted now. But I’m in actuality air-conditioned with aerial out to London. My mom has all these Air Miles she hasn’t cashed in yet, so I’m abiding it’s no problem. Just accept a disciplinarian and a car cat-and-mouse for me at the airport that can yield me out to the farmhouse.
Pundits and fans alike seemed to have placed their hope in the mysterious, little known and little seen recluse Norm Chow. Why this would be, and whether or not he might leave Dagobah, Tennessee remains to be seen, but few doubt the dire nature of the universe’s present situation.
4. Fluorite
Life is a long road and I’ve lost the directions,
We'll also get a rare showdown in the 400 between world leader Sanya Richards (US) and defending World 200 champion Allyson Felix (US). Richards has been hot since US Nationals taking the world lead down to 49.23. Felix doesn't contest this event often, but is tough when she does and has been known to beat Richards.
2 c. flour
We must be home in time for tea.
Ok well since its getting close to the end of the month i thought it was a bout time I uploaded some layouts I have done for challenges!!! I haven't completed as many this month but here we go!!!
We’re not alone in our admiration for Marlantes’ steady, enveloping novel of the Vietnam War, and it is sure to be in the mix for all of the major American literary awards. From our review:
Watching the star signs on the sky I say
Working from her faculty studio at Green Mountain College in Poultney, Vermont, Karen Swyler employs what can be described as a thematic approach to her ceramic work. Concentrating on personal relationships and memory, her pieces rely on juxtaposition to one another to be complete both in concept and form. Swyler’s work is clearly grounded in the history of ceramics and the vessel, but through cutting and altering her thrown forms, much of Swyler’s work enters the realm of the sculptural. Her vessels act as metaphoric memoirs--as bodies relating to one another through proximity, palette, line and contour.
Keyboard Where you hang the bakkie and bike keys
The Spadina Expressway battle was a watershed moment in the civic life of Toronto. It made heroes of people like Jane Jacobs and the late Colin Vaughn. It emboldened others from the struggle to do still more. They include some of the Toronto School Board trustees who brought in heritage language programs and a host of other progressive reforms that Harrisites haven't been able to completely dismantle. The Spadina struggle made way for the famous "reform councils" at Toronto City Hall, councils that saved and strengthened the neighbourhood character of the city and developed world-renowned programs such as the Healthy City model.
So, I am back on Weight Watchers as of 5 minutes ago. Starting tomorrow I will be keeping track of what I eat and weighing myself every Monday (since weight loss fairies don't exist I will not be weighing myself tomorrow because there will be no change overnight). The other thing I love about Weight Watchers is they give you a healthy goal range. Per them, my healthy range is 102-128. I picked 113 as my goal because it is in the middle.
Not true, not true at all, though there have been many times when I have wished to take a hammer to a keyboard in frustration and I am aware that when the work goes there are no wages...
It’s best to take your baby to a shoe shop where her feet can be measured by a qualified shoe fitter. The shoe fitter will also advise on the type of shoes to buy, and make sure they fit your baby properly.
I prepared this dish for dinner this evening, it's quite nice, not the authentic style, but it's nice in its own way
Line 1, OF ‘si’ means variously an objection, failure, lack, restriction or the manner of doing a thing. It is also in use as so, yes and if. As used here, though, it seems more related to the OF verb ‘signifier’.
She couldn't help but hold onto him. That close it was easy to forget cousins and uncles and the dull homework involving numbers that refused to do what they were supposed to do.
"This is just like the mafia in Colombia or Russia. Gaddafi was horrible, but I never knew of him capturing the relative of somebody if they could not find the person they wanted. They would have just kept looking. And I never heard of them threatening to take children."
3) Have plenty of patience.
I shall not bother to ponder over how many people had heard of a certain Vladimir Ulyanov before 1917 or even during that momentous year until the very end of it. Let us merely think about how widely our own politicians, who have all the access to the media they could desire, are known.
“I think we have had enough of this as well. Let us just get you to bed.”
City of Christmas Ghosts – Goldblade featuring Poly Styrene
Cube seasoning
Therefore look! The Lord has put a lying spirit in the mouth of all these prophets of yours, and the Lord has declared disaster against you.”
My favorite finds were this little pink tape dispenser and this very cute washi tape. It came in sets of reds, blues, and greens. The best part is, it only cost $4 for the 4 pack. That's the best deal on craft tape I've ever seen.
I noticed these rails being unearthed during construction of new (and necessary traffic / sidewalk islands) at Grand Army Plaza in Brooklyn, I wonder if these rails are old Trolley tracks (which are buried nearly everywhere in northern Brooklyn) or if they could in fact be from the nearly 150 year old Vanderbilt rail line?
Supplies: Ribbon, Button, Twine, SU Marker- So Saffron, Certainly Celery, Scallop Trim Border Punch, SU Mat Pack, Paper Piercing Tool, Simply Score Tool
‘We have a lot of people say: "Man we know how you feel." Man, you don’t know how I feel. The only person that know how I feel is the guy that has been in position like me. He know how that feel,’ Scott told CBS.
All in all it´s a fantastic album rooted in the whole American Music Underground culture from the 50´s and up to this day. An evergoing party. It´s good for you.”
Paper: Beyond the Garden, So Saffron and Whisper White Card Stock
bloody shame really
“You’re wrong, Briar. It’s who we are, not what we do that makes us who we are.”
4. Beach or mountains?
Card stock: American Crafts; Bazzill
—Jean-François Lyotard, Preface, Lectures d'Enfance (Galilée, 1991; bootleg translation my own fault).
car behind their SUV—all while
What: Co-naming of Lincoln Place to Benny A. Lyde Place, in honor of the late Benny Lyde
This blog is inspired by the Holy Spirit to point us to Him as He leads us safely to a blissful marriage and happy family life.
Whisky, man. Malt Liquor Whisky!
Gold-amber-copper color without much of a scent. Not bad with the malty taste but I'm not in the right season for it. No rating
According to the very sweet women at the courthouse, we had to go back home to get the unsigned copy they mailed to our house, go thirty minutes away to my best friend's work to get it signed, and drive back to the courthouse again to get it recorded, because, you know, Baby Jesus hates us and all.
It’s coming together now! We’re still a long, LONG way off, but I feel like there’s been some real progress:
Without honor, there cannot be trust. Honor shows you keep your vows, your oaths. Honor shows you are respected. Honor show you are willing to do what you need to, even when it is painful and works against you.
I doused one sow pretty quickly. With the hail of gunfire, it could have just been an accident, but I caught up to a second that required a trailing job. Those guys with their bolt actions downed one. Krunk got her, which was only his second or third hog, so he was pleased. Three pigs was a fine start to filling the freezers, and we sensed with this much activity early that this was going to be a special day.
A winning formula since 1896 and still going strong.
They then give you the job, expecting work of the same quality but guess what? There is no tutorial for that job you’re doing so…you let them down by giving them work that’s not of the standards of the tutorials you were pushing as your work. Know what happens then? Good, I don’t have to go into it then.
I swear I'm not stalking this agent of twitter.
What piece do you think she should do next?
Place the spinach and coconut milk in a medium saucepan on medium heat until the mixture is hot, about ten minutes.
We didn't win, but we were so proud of the girls. Annika blew us away by her dance skills and timing. Her confidence on stage propelled her to do these moves unabashedly. (Seriously, standing up on stage for 2 lines in a class play scared me when I was 10).
“The compounds of radium are spontaneously luminous. The chloride and bromide, freshly prepared and free from water, emit a light which resembles that of a glow worm. This light diminishes rapidly in the moist air…but…never completely disappears.”
Oh, yeah there’s about 400 or so other breweries, and some really cool beer hangouts and bars included in the book too. I’ve got my copy packed in my suitcase – ready for referring to on my next road trip. And check out Chris’ fresh new website – www.weeklypint.com.
But my point is the simple one of 'Why didn't I know about her?' Maybe I am alone in my ignorance but I think it is more likely that we forget too quickly the female pioneers who chip away at the glass ceiling for the rest of us. With no Ellen, no Maggie! Hmm. Perhaps this would be a good role for the next Oscar winning film? I'd cast Kate Winslet but only if she promised not to weep buckets when she won the prize - Ellen would not approve.
Now, surprise surprise, the Jewish Eskenazis still owe Repsol billions for shares which they were assigned but have not paid for, but the so-called patriotic Argentine government has insisted that the Eskenazis will retain their stake; the only shares that are to be confiscated are Repsol's. So to cut a long story short the Spaniards are being doubly screwed by Jews. Their own shares, for which they paid many billions, investing many billions more over the years to restore YPF to profitability have been stolen; they will be lucky to get ten cents in the dollar in compensation in the corrupt Jew-run Argentine courts. But to add insult to injury, shares which they also effectively paid for, and which they were forced to cede to the Eskenazis and for which they now will never be paid, have been ring-fenced for the Jewish swindlers who obviously hatched this plan with Kirchner for their own benefit. The Eskenazis will keep a 25 per cent stake for which they have paid practically nothing. Kirchner and her cronies will no doubt get a hefty commission.
8.) I don’t like going to the dentist. My debate coach Bianca once told me a story where the dentist drilled into her tongue. I have this fear that while the drill is in my mouth, I’d lose strength to keep my mouth open, and my jaw will slam shut with the drill embedded into my gums.
Ignoring the desire to kick him in the zipper, I tried to remain civil. After all, this is their world, and I am merely a prisoner therein, one must not be judgemental.
It's always really hard to know what the right decision is to make, I'm very blessed to have a hubby in a good job and he's more than happy for me to be flexible and do what I like. I do want to earn money for our household, working gives me a sense of pride, I do like contributing and having my "own" money, sounds weird as our household money is usually "ours" but I know if I earn money as well I feel less guilty to donate or buy something I want.
As my new baby gazed at me with a face that might have been colic......
Well, the boy is under the age of consent, you have these statements, so she is as guilty as he is, you have the same evidence against her, why isn't she arrested and charged ?
Where's the thrill of the chase if you can just have'er?
*This is slower for me – 9 to 9:30 min miles are more my happy pace. I am always proud of everyone else, no matter their speed. I just don’t always grace myself with this pride on performance. Working on it friends… working on it.
So I hope the download will be a fast one. Wishing all a very good weekend.
Ceri is fifteen, poised between childhood and the adult world. She lives with her mother and step-family and wonders about her American father, whom she has never met. Are they alike? If she lived with him, would they get on better than she and her mother do?
After the wedding festivities we spent a couple days here and enjoyed the ocean, family and lots of seafood.
Pericles
The Fiend will shy away from flame and not fight any character who bares a torch. It also hates sunlight, as this turns it into inanimate stone until the New Moon. If the characters prevent it from hiding back in the barrow, it will seek a sheltered spot where it's body can lie undisturbed during the next month, such as the bottom of a deep stream. If it does get back into the barrow it can be killed by lighting a huge fire that covers the entire mound, as this cooks it against the hot stones.
I thought that sound would never grow old
So, this week is laundry, cleaning, shopping, putting things together, spending time with my boys, oh yeah and working. Why does work always get in the way of life?
‘The Bill as a whole fails to measure up to the government’s grand rhetoric. Proposals for CCTV regulation are limited to local authorities and the police,’ she said.
Guthrie: squeeeee!!
I think what drew my attention to this argument was the principle that if you have no children, you have no place to give advice. This worries me a bit. I have been studying a BA in Children's and Family Work, on the job, for the last 3 years (with another year in the job before that) so that I can be an effective Children's and Families Worker in my church. I have also spent time with Sure Start attending various parenting groups and engaging in conversation with mothers there. Part of my role in both these places is to use my training and experience to give advice and answer questions. Even if that means saying, "I have no idea, but let me find you someone who does!" My long term plan is to perhaps work for an organisation such as Sure Start providing family support for parents of children aged 0-5. It's what I have been training to do.
Culled from: DiscoverGod.com
instant coffee
12 Miss Me Blind
“K” – Alright already.
I remember the television repair man who was crippled. I don't know if he had arthritis, or some other illness, but I remember him being nice.
This is my simplified version of my favorite BabyCakes NYC Cookie sandwiches. If you are ever in my hometown NY and near NYC, go here!!!! My favorite bakery of all time. Everything is Vegan and mostly gluten free.
I wiped my face of grime,
The Poet Walt Whitman said, “Every moment of light and dark is a miracle.” He was right! Everything is a miracle, a gift from God and the moment we rediscover and embrace this truth the smoother life will be. I am not saying that is easy or we should be happy when we are in pain or darkness has over taken us. That would be dumb and you should ignore me. I know life can be hard, harsh, and terrible. Often it seems life is suffering. Evil things happen. Chaos ensues. Yet, I don’t think dwelling on the bad will ever make us feel better. We are called to serve our neighbor, to speak truth in tragedy, and to do good. If we dwell on the bad that is flung at us than we cripple ourselves from serving, speaking, and doing good, but if we can step beyond our little selves than we can do good.
BOSTY
Stage 3 in Added Collect 30 assistant coins.
Gathering skills also have a secondary use - in flashpoints and operations, you can sometimes use a gathering skill to find an easier way to your goal, for instance by slicing open a computer-locked door that allows you to bypass several groups of enemies.
Tom Yum Soup - for all of you who don't know this soup is originally from thailand NOT from Japan.
"75 kinzcash," said P. J. as Harriet deposited some crisp bills into her hand.
However, the employees and several Samaritans chased Diaz, catching him about 200 yards away, officials said. He was held until deputies arrived. No injuries were reported.
to do something that could have a potent impact on an alarming trend I had
Under 16 Saturday Full-£35 Discount-£32
We're still making our way through A Girl of the Limberlost.
From the GSM, we hailed a taxi to the wharf. Brittany and I bought some snacks for the voyage and then went back to the ship for some R&R before heading out to dinner (our fave sushi place again) with Becca, Perri and Shayna.
I'd drive a big fancy car
The AJDS recognises the vacuum that exists in the Jewish community for young people concerned about social justice and environmental sustainability. With your help we aspire to fill it. To that end, we’ve recently employed a young community organiser, who will be able to provide support for implementing the ideas and plans that we develop over the day.
Without a doubt.
She pours the last of the
Well, my lunch break is over, its back to work for me!
Not everything went back up there, I might add.
We then catch up with Richie arguing with his wife, Laurie (Carla Gugino) because she wants to move to Las Vegas, bringing their kid, Michael, along with her. He claims Vegas isn't a good environment to raise a kid and she argues that having the kid around him and his friends isn't any better. Their argument is interrupted by some teenagers breaking glass after Richie asked them to "be cool." He takes a break and threatens to shoot them if they don't settle down and pick up the glass they broke. Laurie points out that he doesn't have a gun afterwards and remarks affectionately. "You're crazy, Richie." and then tells him she'll see him in court. He tells his son he'll see him next week and Laurie takes off. Richie gets to his apartment and studies his law books. and takes a test later on at school.
Smooth as the mammoth, the tusk beneath the ice
At least one of the people involved in creating your fairy garden needs to believe in fairies. Fairies are fun to believe in. They are beautiful and fancy, like princesses, but wild, scrappy, and self-sufficient. Feral, even. Fey.
May 27, 1948
We give lots of lip service to the importance of education, but look at what has happened to education within the past five years. We have enacted a national plan to evaluate the effectiveness of all teachers based solely on the scores their students achieve on simplistic standardized tests, and ignoring all other factors. The Wisconsin governor ignited a firestorm of nasty name-calling focused on public school teachers, in the service of saving money, and hundreds of thousands of our best teachers nationwide took the occasion to retire early or get into a new line of work where their efforts are appreciated. Support for essential education is at the lowest level in decades. America will be the worse for it.
Now on to this week's challenge....
You may also consider Youtube channels and Flicker accounts if you use a lot of photos and videos in your business or marketing.
the definition
Do you have a Bug Out Bag?
Now obviously an apple and an orange are shaped a bit differently so we have to make a few adjustments to the orange at this point. While on the “Orange Layer”, goto “Edit, Transform, Warp” and shape the top portion of the orange to conform to the apple.
The following day, just below San Juan Hill in eastern Cuba, a bulldozer rumbled to a start, clanked into position, and started pushing dirt into a huge pit with blood pooling at the bottom from the still-twitching bodies of more than a hundred men and boys who'd been machine-gunned without trial on the Castro brothers' orders. Their wives and mothers wept hysterically from a nearby road. On that very day, the U.K. Observer ran the following headline: "Mr. Castro's bearded, youthful figure has become a symbol of Latin America's rejection of brutality and lying. Every sign is that he will reject personal rule and violence."
On hand to celebrate QVC’s return to L.A. will be red carpet regulars Joan Rivers, Heidi Klum, the Kardashians, Kris Jenner and Wendy Williams.
Kade had a really high fever last week that would not go down no matter what we did. We took him to the dr and of course they take your money and do nothing but tell you to wait it out for a week to 1o days ( fun eh?) So after 7 days of a high fever I went and got blood work done... They think that Kade had a virus that just kicked his trash because his white blood cell count was way below what it should've been. They called me with the test results at 9:30 at night and wanted to see him because they were so worried. Of course I freaked out and have been on pins and needles since trying to figure out if it was in fact just a virus. My poor baby has had to have 2 antibiotic shots and his blood drawn 3 times. All of which I had to be a part of and actually hold him down. Watching my baby scream and cry and stare me in the eyes and wonder why I am allowing people to hurt him is the hardest thing in the world. It just breaks my heart to think about it. But even though I know it is for his own good, It still doesn't make me feel much better:( He is feeling better and actually playing and eating and all that good stuff, and it is nice to see! I missed my little monster running all over and making noise. All he did was sleep and want to be held. Although I didn't mind the cuddling:) Being a mom is the greatest, hardest, best thing that I have ever done and I wouldn't trade it for anything! Shout out to all the mommies out there that can relate!
Living what we believe is part of integrity, isn't it? Integrity is a trait we value in people. Integrity is a trait we absolutely look for in those in authority over us.
Blogger works...makes life easier for them too.
On a plate, put the cornmeal and season it with paprika and parsley. Using 2 large spoons or your hands (which I prefer), roll the mixture into good-sized balls. I got 14 balls out of the mixture but you can make them larger for big cakes or smaller for hors d'ouvres. Flatten the balls into patties and coat lightly with the corn meal. Heat a large skillet with oil and in 3 batches, fry the patties, about 4 minutes each side, until they are golden brown and crispy. Put on a paper towel to drain and sprinkle some salt on them. Serve while hot.
and Tahra is giving 50% of all her sales for the rest of this month toward her friend's adoptions.
She rings from time to time, and they talk about her problems:
Q: What was your last crafty purchase?
"Jet Airways has not pulled out its inventory from makemytrip.com. However, we have limited the inventory available to them for sale," the airline spokesperson said through a text message.
I saw a patient last week, who has recovered from major surgery. He has had brain surgery and is now likely to do very well. I am pleased. He is well.
Sunday I was honored by a snake guardian. As Jeff planted and watered, I was fixated on one particular bud on one of our mum plants. It was small and far too early for its blooming. So I moved around at a different angle that put me further from the bud I was staring at. I found myself gazing at a blank spot on the ground in front of them and that is when the snake appeared. It slithered over that spot and into the mums. Immediately my higher self assured me this snake needed to be there, that he was a guardian. This isn’t the first time I’ve been faced with one of my animal totems and certainly not my first time with the snake. When I was in my mid-teens my parents decided to move out from the big city so they could have livestock and a farm. The first house we moved into, had it’s own waterfall that was so huge you could drive a car under it and the property butted up against a National Forest. I spent a lot of summer days with friends in the hollow of that waterfall and had many experiences with wild life there. But, it wasn’t at the waterfall that I met with snake, it was closer to home. I was outside poking around, watching the birds when suddenly a small rattlesnake was in front of me. He hooded up like a cobra, which sort of freaked me out, yet I was mezmorized by him and stood perfectly still as he swayed and occasionally swiped at me, just far enough to miss. I had just moved from a completely different lifestyle and so major transformations were taking place.
Is like a fallen angel: trees uptorn,
What I did not realise (and now fully regret) is that the term “half breed” is seen by some, as derogatory it is a word that has openly been used by my peers through my life.
What advice would you have for a newbie writer that wants to break into the world of fiction/non-fiction?
While getting my bike fit, we got into a discussion about my other disciplines. After hearing that my run times(I recently clocked a 7 mi run @ 6:46 min/mile), Chip was shocked to hear my swim time(usually about 2:20 ish min/100 yd pace). He thought that with my level of fitness I should be able to swim at a 1:30-1:45 min/100 yd pace; I just needed some technique help! Hearing this gave me some extra motivation and with a little work on my form by myself I managed to get some times between 2:00 and 2:10 min/100 yd pace. After this I went in for the swim analysis, and like the bike, the results were amazing!!! We did a lot of corrections to my technique! During my first swim after the analysis I did a 500 yd swim in 9 min 27 sec; my previous best time was 10 min 53 sec!!!! Once again, this is a time I didn’t expect to hit for quite some time!!! I was able to focus on a lot of the corrections during this swim, but there’s still more work to be done, which means that my times will be dropping even more!!!!
The rules are as follows: Open to U.S. residents only. One entry per person. Contest closes at midnight on March 31st. One winner will be chosen from all eligible entries. If the winner does not respond to my email within 2 weeks, I will choose another winner.
Edward Scissorhands, in Burton’s version, remains incredibly poignant not because of its contemporary symbols (actually the goth look of Edward now feels quite dated) but because the story is an update of various tragedies and myths. The most notable and the oldest is the story of the Greek God Hephaestos, who fell from Mount Olympus and ended up bringing man the skills they needed to build civilization. Edward and Hephaestos are very similar. Both are lame in the eyes of society yet bring the gifts that enable society to actualize its potential. Edward brings fresh innovations and dazzling effect to ordinary things like hairstyles, hedge trimming, and dog grooming. He becomes famous for this, a media darling. Like Hephaestos, he was sought for his skills by both the ordinary and the heroic.
Velvet Poinsettias- White
Avoiding the Rush
The directors of two companies, which are listed as ratepayers on Anzac Ave, sharing an access opposite the Frederick St intersection, Hall Bros Transport and A.J. Allen Ltd, declined to comment about the traffic lights. Council transportation operations programme engineer Mike Harrison said the lights were unlikely to be operational until after the four Rugby World Cup games at the stadium.
10And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a lamp, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers, and upon the fountains of waters;
3. Founder's Breakfast Stout (8.3%)-the younger brother of the uber-popular Canadian and Kentucky Breakfast stouts can hold his own in any line up. A coffee lovers dream.
Once the tile was picked out and all of the supplies were purchased, I was ready to go. My dad came over one morning and we were off and running with our new project. Neither one of us had done anything like this, but after watching a few YouTube videos and reading some DIY articles, it seemed pretty easy.
Sniper Kills French Murder Suspect From Outside Jail
I have decided to enter this card into the latest ABC Christmas Challenge where the theme this week is "Yipee it's almost Christmas" so anything goes. I have used one of my Magnolia Stamp Club stamps and coloured it using my Copics. the papers are from one of my Nitwit collections with bazzil as a mount. The snowflakes are cut using a selection of various sizes of punches and the ribbon, gems and glitter are from my stash.I have also used glossy accents on the heart on her top.
And its safe “read my lips we’ll pay loads of taxes”
O thought that L needed a little assistance.
I’ve given you My Son to follow. I’ve given you the Holy Spirit to guide you. My power is available to you. Follow Me – Pick up your gifts and follow me. I’ll be where you are going. I am in the beginning, the middle and end of your journey. And I have another journey waiting and ready for you when you complete this one. Will you follow Me? Will you trust Me? Will you let Me be your strength?
It is thankfully to this particular browser that i got infuriated when staying on a bus stop i was trying to check a schedule. Well it is possible to change if IE should work as a mobile browser or as a desktop one but it doesn’t matter as it still doesn’t let you browse whole lot of websites.
The dream was total nonsense, of course. No self-respecting python would give up its supper for a bit of tongue action with a human female. Yet I sensed it would be unkind to denigrate something which she clearly believed was a highly significant piece of theatre.
Meanwhile, the Times scanted the opportunity to address issues of accountability, such as the five-month delay in the Transportation Demand Management plan or the Appellate Division's smackdown of the Empire State Development Corporation. And that raises questions about whether local officials are prepared to address arena impacts on the residential blocks.
This is just to let you know that my short story, ‘The Visit’, recently shortlisted in the UK for the Wasafiri Prize for New Writing, was announced winner at a ceremony last week in Somerset House, London. I won joint first prize with another shortlisted writer, Jayne Ryan, and was presented with cheque by Fiction judge, Romesh Gunesekera (nominated in 1995 for the Booker Prize for his novel, Reef). Wasafiri is Britain’s premier magazine for international contemporary writing. Published quarterly, it has established a distinctive reputation for promoting work by new and established voices across the globe. The 2010 Summer issue of the magazine was dedicated to Ireland: Texts and Contexts and featured articles by Declan Kiberd and Alain Chouinard. ‘The Visit’ is set against the backdrop of Bill Clinton’s visit to Dundalk in 2000 and will appear in the March issue of Wasafiri.
Maternity clothes? Yep and LOVE them! I don't know why we need to wait til pregnancy to wear these wonderful things! For Christmas, Rick & Mel got me a gift card to Pea in the Pod. They have some super cute things with a really nice price tag too! But I found most of my things there on sale. With all I got, I was able to earn $70 Bump Bucks. So this weekend I went back out and finished up my Maternity wardrobe at Motherhood. They have equally super cute things with about 1/2 the price! I also got a few new bras...kinda had a freak out moment when the sweet lady working there told me how big my boobs will probably get!
Albany, NY 12224
Shops like these are forwarding and growing the barter system. They are also helping those who does not have money to be able to obtain what they need.
I remember a huge debate that rocked our home when my FIL decided to build a temple in his ancestral village and a room at Badri Kedar . The question which we raised was “whose temple is it anyway, yours or God’s”? It was funny to me but to the family it struck like a bolt of thunder. It also sparked another fire when I asked how a family can fast for seven days, chant bhajans in praise of the goddess, light a lamp twice a day and abuse , insult the DIL of the house ? Does the Devi grant permission for that? The question evokes responses which the Goddess herself is still wondering about but her devotees have forgotten conveniently.
20 Dec 2011: Philip Morris Australia files a Writ of Summons in the High Court against the Australian Government alleging that the plain packaging law infringes its trademark and property rights http://www.pmi.com/eng/media_center/press_releases/pages/201112200854.aspx. http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/philip-morris-limited-files-high-court-challenge-against-the-australian-government-over-plain-packaging-135897478.html ; http://www.abc.net.au/news/2011-12-20/philip-morris-high-court-challenge/3740528
We could also take a look at the animal kingdom. Almost every species of sexually reproducing, multi-gender animal has been observed to engage in some degree of homosexual activity. There are scientists who spend their lives trying to work out why. Assuming that homosexuality is unnatural, why is so much of nature engaging in it? Accepted, this doesn’t necessarily apply to humans. For example, rabbits eat their own dung. But then most animals don’t eat their own droppings, so humans are hardly unusual in this respect. If homosexuality is so popular in the animal kingdom, maybe we have to accept it as a fact of life.
I have locks of hair from all four of ours and am now wondering if I should keep a tooth or two as well?
“The last two decades have seen a "… cumulative disinvestment in publicly funded programmes resulting from the withdrawal of the health departments of provincial governments from this sector, the absence of discounts for research tests from the business model for the National Health Laboratory Service, chronic underfunding of the Medical Research Council ... and the lack of funding streams to universities that might in principle have been applied to meet the overall shortfall in support.
Book Butler 9:27 PM
That’s a Martha Stewart original, by the way. I’ve decided she must have a serious thing for Halloween. Every year, she has a special Halloween issue with a picture of her in an exceedingly cool costume on the front. She’s even published a book on decorating for Halloween. This year, her magazine has instructions for making a really good kids’ mummy costume using stained paper towels around the face. As good as you can get without getting into latex and professional techniques, I think (I hope me thinking it counts for something, since I graduated with an emphasis in theatrical makeup!). Overall, I think Martha Stewart Halloween stuff = really really cool.
Alternately, if you're a nerd (I mean, a REAL nerd) your method of suicide can be even easier. All you have to do is watch some Star Wars porn and slowly feel how you die on the inside.
Slipping back out of his tunnel, Xu Guan paused and listened. All was quiet except for the sounds of birds singing in nearby trees. Xu Guan took the time to haul away his dirt pile and toss it onto the muddy banks of the nearby creek that ran through the woods.
Just a post to let you guys know I'm still alive - it's been wicked hot here in Southern Ontario and I've had about a weeks worth of sun stroke and let me tell you - it's not fun.
Well as you can see we are off to California again today and I can't sleep. We get to see Caшa, Лука, our grandsons, but that is the only blessing. We are very tired of making this trip and have looked for almost any reason this time, to postpone it, however, we have to go and get this move behind us.
But like the toys on top of the spilled juice on top of the crumbled leaves, it’s one layer at a time; one layer removed to expose the next, removed to expose the next, and so on until the carpet sparkles like Becky’s.
It was a great pleasure to watch the EW distance runners in action. At the time of this blog, Coach McLain has churned out a 1600 meter factory. Senior Juan Blanco leads the way with a blazing 4:19.6 (breaking his own school record), Junior Elias Leija Garza is at 4:32 and super freshman Brian Casillas at 4:37. Throw in a slab of guys in the 4:50 area (Luis Salazar, Alex Blanco, Caleb Buntyn, Steven Rios and Steven Wallace) and the potential for a great 4 x 1600 squad in the post season exists. Getting one of the last group of guys down under 4:40 and the potential is there for a sub 18. Post season EW kids?? With EW's great ability in the sprint relays, the making is definitely there for a blazing distance medley. Would be interesting to see. The talent and coaching is definitely there.
Rowena did not have a chance to figure out a way around that sword or the young man holding it. She was lifted off the floor from behind, and Warrick commanded, "Put that away, Bernard, and go and wake the cook." But the moment the boy had left to do as bidden, the hard voice turned softly menacing to whisper in her ear, "If you had not earned a punishment before, wench, you have now—but first I must feed you."
* sweet, buttery pastries and thick coffee with whole cream
Allen issued his apology two days after his original comments with this statement :
1. citybuoy - I was impressed by the unpretentiousness of his posts, coupled with excellent writing skills. A rare combination, indeed. Also, smart boys have a special appeal for me, and Nyl already knows - or if he doesn't yet, he sure hell knows now - that I would like to fuck his brains out.
Furthermore, some of this technology is likely not as secret as most people think. For instance, check this out:
Singer of your spiritsong,
2 cups of Ruby Port wine
5. Ataturk was the first leader of "modern" Turkey, sometime after World War I. He was known as a "reformer," which I think simply means that he tried to get Turkey to be more "Western" and secular in outlook (and I vaguely remember that one of the "reforms" was encouraging Turks to wear Western hats, not fezzes; I think there was actually a "Hat Law." Apparently, he did not think fezzes were cool).
At any rate, this is my farewell post. Thanks for keeping up with the chaos that was my classroom. Best wishes to you all!
birds beasts fish shellfish
Cheap Talk w Good but a little St $13.00
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, DEAR JOBIN!
i absolutely HATE that feeling.
After the derby, both teams still have two other games. City will face Newcastle United and Queen’s Park Rangers. United to face Swansea City and Sunderland.
Four are basically irrefutable, and the fifth spot, obviously, runs a rough spot. The default pick is Mirren, but of course Blunt or Ronan (or Laurent or Cotillard, though they were probably fucked out of the race completely thanks to the category fluctuation - THANKS HARV) could make it in. Mirren seems pretty fun tho? So whatever.
And a big thank you to everyone who came to the shop to meet Frank at Mostly Books afterwards. Particularly to Jo and Rosie Caulkin who travelled from Birmingham to meet him.
Here are a few pictures of the process:
I come in gratitude for the richness, the diversity, the great abundance of unique souls in this world. Thank you for the very complexity that distinguishes each one of us. May all people find those who will love and accept them, will value their distinctive beauty and spirits. May we each feel the presence of your transcending mystery, may we know that we are part of a process of life that is rooted in divine, emanating love, and may we feel the comfort of knowing that every one of us is cherished by God.
Growing up in Maine was a little wicked cold
Chroma subsampling: 4:2:0
Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett: ￼ ￼ I did not make any comment about women.
See the Technical Report for more information. Here’s the map of the manmade component in some mysterious CPS unit I do not know how to convert into something more commonly used to inform the public:
- Publishers who don't advertise in said publication don't get their books reviewed.
And I am not just vying for your attention. (OK...maybe a little bit!) I am a MESS today! So, yesterday afternoon we were all outside - all 5 of us. The big kids were playing hide and seek with the neighbor girls and our little guy was just running behind everyone trying to look like her knew what he was doing. It was sweet and they tolerated him! Then he got bored and was riding his big wheel. I decided I was going to throw all caution to the wind and tell him I would race him. I try not to run in front of anyone older than 6 but I was in one of "those" moods. I didn't care.
So the thought of WR holder Bolt taking on the up and coming Dix on what has become 200 meter Mecca was like visions of sugar plums dancing in my head. But it would appear that upon Dix’ completion of his race in Eugene, he joined the ranks of the truly elite, and now the Big 3 (Bolt, Gay, Powell) has become a Big 4. At least it looks that way, because the Big 3 don’t race often and Dix now seems to be one to avoid judging by the events of the days since Pre.
People like Megan Fox, who thinks that being good looking is the same as being a talented actor.
Writing this blog is cathartic. The comments and support are so necessary. Somehow it’s much easier to pour my heart out to all of you than to my closest friends. Please keep the comments coming and send me your positive energy.
His first collection for Dior will be presented during Couture Week in July.
He was sneezing.
R 1: Sl st in space, ch 4 (counts as 1 trc), work 6 trc in same sp. * Ch 3, 7 trc in next space *. Repeat from * to * around. Join with sl st to top of first trc.
EDIT: When its finished processing, here is a brief video I made of the Lady singing Love Game. Such a great song!
I've also admired Jo Ann's work for years and was thrilled when Kris Graves announced that he would exhibit her work in November. I asked Jo Ann if she would be up for a quick interview. I was very happy when she agreed. This post comes late in the show's run. It closes on Saturday, December 18. If you're in New York and haven't yet seen it you have a few days.
With his keen eye sight, Larryl spots someone kneeling on the left side of the roof, while his brother thinks all is clear on the right side. Via an evading route Larryl nears the building and climbs up towards the first floor: the window shutters are open.
I recently finished up speaking around 45 minutes at Rowan University. It was for their chapter in the National Wellness Institute (NWI) group where approximately 20 or so students showed up. I was surprised at how well it went considering at the beginning I almost crapped myself (we could not log on to use the powerpoint slides so I was just going to have to wing it). The Powerpoint presentation I created was my opinion on information that I thought would apply some form of practical information for those possibly interested in strength &conditioning/athletic development etc… Basically, it was my opinion on what the role of the strength coach is and our philosophy (joint by joint approach). I understand there are many overlapping systems that can be more thoroughly understood by reading Kevin’s blog on regional interdependence. We actually were able to get the powerpoint fired up and it went better then expected. This was something that I think needs to be understood from almost all trainers in whatever field and something that I have learned from reading the likes of Mike Boyle, Kevin, and other leading strength coaches in the field.
Beer suggestion for Whip It:
Tonight the wife wanted me to sing Christmas carols with her and open our presents, but I was too busy watching for the snowplow.
Happy Mothers day to all the women out there. Happy Mothers day to my Mom. I love you and I miss you and someday we will be together again.
He then went on to outline how all the problems I've been having are my fault.
I've never found a brewery called Pattinson. The closest I've come is the Edinburgh firm of Pattison. Just one letter difference. Not such a big deal. Their story, albeit brief, tells us much about the opportunities and pitfalls of the beer trade in the 1890's.
Other planning includes potentially moving to a different house. Again – this will be positive to have all the kids in one school district. To be closer to friends and church. And to start a new chapter in our lives without the haunting memories always in front of us. There will be a bittersweetness involved, but underlying it is a forward-looking hope.
I think its great to have a scrap pal that gets you gears grinding. I mean my buddy Philly & I push each others mojo to the limit. Yes I am late posting our challenge from this weekend due to a scrappy distraction arriving in the mail on Saturday but when you talk that talk and challenge the challenger I set fire to the rain!!!! I was doing this layout while hosting a mini crop with my neighbor.
Go Kreate shaped card die
What I’ve done is create two circular raised beds in front and plant hundreds more in containers. (And plant different species tulips throughout the garden every fall.) The hybrids are treated as annuals, for the most part, and composted yearly.
After removing the towel I noticed that the drain was almost cleared out but not all the way. So turning on the tub faucet I proceeded to fill the drain pipe enough to see it wasn't draining to quick.
or in any way made feel less than
Ah! Now, if you haven't read the comments you have to, both for 24/3 and last week, as it seems Brendon's bassist Dave Levy, as WeddingSuit, has joined the conversation with his insight into recording, including that script PDF up there. This week he's brought out the big stuff, a double-necked instrument. Brendon's brought his own acoustic with him, slinging it behind his back to begin like a wayfaring stranger, while one of the guitarists is sporting a Rubettes cap. Well, they didn't need them any more. Must be said, while this never got beyond number 14 the crowd are as into it as the producer evidently was, clapping the off-beat throughout and not minding when the cameraman takes several of them down at once judging by the size of the wobble.
Written by Robert Shepyer, Dale Fabrigar, & Everette Wallin
Basically what I am saying is women LOOOOVE creativity and we also like guys who are *somewhat* risk takers (very different from being aggressively rude) in that they are unafraid to do or say something simple to gauge our interest or attraction to him.
#14 Lexi S
I cannot tell you what the notes, condolences, comments, and the emails we have received have meant to us. We feel held. We feel loved. We know we are not going through this alone. Thank you. Oh, loves, thank you.
Even though it goes against 100's of years of Irish tradition we did plant some spuds in old tyres this year! It's sort of an experiment because we'll have some in the ground soon too so we'll be able to see the difference in yield, if any. So heres my simple growing in tyres DIY, hope you like it :)
“I will not be shocked if Parliament is dissolved next week,” he was quoted as saying by Sinar Harian.
So, I can’t help but ask: how many climaxes? Is there a certain formula that works for most stories. Or does each story need to be taken on a case-by-case basis? I know certain things don’t work. I don’t like books that don’t have a true climax or only have one real climax. Is there a limit to how many? If so, what is the range? I’m going to be thinking about this one in the months ahead as I continue to read random books. Anyone have any ideas?
Spring here was obviously on my mind when I added the Lilac spray on the upper left corner. I am fortunate to have an awesome bush out back of my yard ... and just had to add the bouquet of them!
Well, wouldn't it be worthwhile...just to have peace and quiet...if you were to buy his land...he's keen to be off, that court case shook him up.
So, there you go... a fun mini album about three of my favorite little kids... and their fun little relationship. Thanks for stopping by and I hope you will pull up your comfy chair and stay awhile! I would love to have you as one of my "followers"... the link is over there on the right if you would like to keep up with my designs and creative fun!
The next step:
Cheesy as hell.
- LeAnne, Suisun, CA, USA, 01/3/2012 16:21
On this particular day, I’d woken up and prepared to be specifically focused on the trafficking issues of Cambodia. I headed out to the river front of Phnom Penh where our team had decided to see with our own eyes what the blackest part of injustice looked like. While sitting on the bench near the river, my eyes focused and ready to confront all the white middle aged men with younger than 18 year old Cambodian girls, my mouth suddenly became glued and my heart broke in half at what I saw…
His comment was this: It’s interesting. We don’t see the “dumb wife….smart husband” commercials and ads as much as we use to. This is and could be seen as a win for equality.
The classic Chinese blood tonic is a mixture of rehmannia, dang bui, cnidium, and white peony. A Western herbalist suggests combining white peony with nettles and yellow dock for treating mild anemia or blood deficiency.
Brouwerij St Louis Gueze
we sliepen in paleizen of gewoon ep de grond
As soon as Joseph returned from the last duck hunt of the season, he promptly instructed me to get my hands on this recipe. Lexie (my dear friend and wife of Torrent, a fellow duck hunter) had earned major wife points by preparing these for the guys to eat on their trip.
That covers a lot of territory, doesn’t it?
(Her) If I would describe myself, I would say i am a bit insecure but i try to be confident. i guess i sometimes put on a facade. but mainly for my protection. the most important person in my life right now is my boyfriend. he is everything i ever dreamed of in a guy and he treats me so well. we have been together for almost a year. i don’t think he would cheat on me though sometimes i wonder. there is this girl he seems to talk to. maybe i am just too paranoid.
Well, I tried to wear this outfit, but I was foiled again by our unseasonably warm weather. No sooner had I taken the photos than I was starting to sweat, so the vest had to go. Sigh. Buying this vest seemed like such a great idea when I snagged it on sale last year. In New York. In February. After a snow storm. A California wardrobe staple this is not, but it makes for a good picture.
to take its toll
is a close, flat, brown wall. Frost, however, beckons us
"Chesapeake Bay Woman?" he asked.
16GB iPad w/ Wi-Fi
47. The memoir of Erica Kane from All My Children (Yes a memoir of a fictitious character exists)
This Italian/American horror/thriller shows a definite nod to the classics of directors like Dario Argento, as it's less about brutish blood and gore and more about what's going on in the heads of the characters. Veteran actor Domiziano Arcangeli stars as Sebastian, a lonely and reclusive artist who reluctantly meets his stunning and alluring neighbor, Sarah Roeg (played by the amazing Irena Hoffman). She soon takes an unusual interest in him and his odd lifestyle and photography.
Maybe my emotions are high because I'm sick.
06. 13 days
Here are my card details:
The book deals with a lot of dark concepts, so if you are easily disturbed this probably isn’t the book for you. I’m easily scared but still liked it though.
I'll just wait right here while the full weight of the idiocy sinks in.
I have an excuse, of course I do - my parents have been visiting and I've been busy showing off my current home town to them - but they left today and now... Well, now it's back to reality. So I plan on posting for Tara's Gallery tomorrow and then having something more interesting (than this, at any rate) to write about shortly after that...
You know that supporting your kids -- financially, emotionally, logistically -- is an important part of parenthood. But have you ever pondered the importance of support to parents?
1lb shrimp, peeled and deveined
I have taken a few shots, but I am new to this and its taking a while to used to the setup, I thought birds could be difficult this is a whole new ball game.
While Greece in particular, and southern European countries in general remains in a slump, Slovakia, Finland and the Baltic countries are booming, with 5.5% growth in Latvia, 4.3% in Lithuania, 4% in Estonia, 3.2% in Slovakia and 2.9% in Finland.
Been thinking about certain bands i could mention on here and this one is definitely worth it.
My nearest and dearest find my crush on Gary hilarious but really Mr B (my Mr B) only has himself to blame as he gave me this for Christmas, which I found fascinating.
"Personally, I have always considered malt flavour a most important characteristic of first-class ale, both pale and mild, but of late years the increased demand for low gravity pale-coloured ales has greatly reduced the sale of full malt-flavoured ales. Pale malts being in such demand, the maltster is afraid to fire his malt high enough to develop much flavour, and consequently most of the pale ale of the present day lacks the delicate malt flavour which only a fair amount of firing, as distinct from curing, will produce.
This year, I was assigned to watch an action film called Deadly Prey (1987). You can tell this is from the 1980s right from the get-go with a wide shot of a silhouetted figure running up a hill and pumping a gun in the air, which leads into an opening-credits sequence that intercuts title cards with shots of all manner of weapons being loaded one at a time.
The co-op is across the street from the Sacred Heart of Jesus Catholic Church in La Gloria on is marked on the Isla Mujeres Can-Do map made by Laura McFarlin, also known as the Map Chick. Buy a Map Chick Map by clicking here.
work for the comrade governor in
There is also a live screening of Genius Party Beyond apparently but I failed to attend it because I didn’t know they are screening it.
In the meantime, Sam
If you like paranormal stories and haven’t started this series yet, now is the time. The Grim Reaper Charley Davidson is back with just as much bite and snarky humor as ever. She’s not the usual grim reaper with the black hood and scythe and all, but one hot, badass chick with sarcasm oozing out of every pore. Her friends and coworkers are just as amusing as in the first two reads and even the nun…yeah, the nun, was pretty amusing! This is the first time I’ve listened to an audiobook of the series and I feel that Lorelei King did a great job at portraying all of the different characters. There is some heat to this series as well, and it doesn’t let up in this third book. Charley and Reyes are still hot and heavy and Cookie is still trying to live vicariously through Charley’s stories. There is no lack of action, if anything there might be more within this read. I can’t wait for the fourth book, Fourth Grave Beneath My Feet or the start of her new YA series Death and the Girl Next Door.
Beware of your thoughts and what you nurture in yourself. Your thoughts and actions will turn out to be who you are.
Acute lead poisoning, while less common, shows up more quickly and can be fatal. In such cases, children are almost always affected. Symptoms such as the following may occur:
Now here's my question. The young Nawab had unimagineably large heaps of wealth, the commission, by the way, at the time was top-secret, nobody in the firm was to know who it was they were making this for.
I didn't expect it to change so easily or so well but my new dreamt up Laundry Makeover works!!! With very little effort I have successfully kept up on laundry for a solid month. "Kept up" is the wrong wording. I feel like I'm not even doing it anymore! It's so simple! What was I thinking, why did it take me so long to realize that the way I was doing things was simply not working?
Many have told me that the worship of the heathen gods seems a bit arbitrary for me, and in many ways, it is. I have no need for the Viking manly warrior thing, as I have said many times. And it is difficult to get past that, even in my own better-informed brain. It is often difficult to get information out of the conscious and into the subconscious, and the fact that the heathens were not always war-mongering is a hard one for me. Plus, my ancestors are only third-most Germanic. They are mostly Irish (on my Father’s side) and some undocumented Native American (illegitimate through my mother’s side). So the ancestor argument is out for me.
The variegated skin of that wild beast,
I like the cheaper sets they offered. The 100 card sets. Icons and Upper deck X. I like the varitey. It is, after all, the spice of life.
by Roana Martin
Sunday, February 19
This limited edition repress of Aerosol's debut mini album 'All That Is Solid Melts Into Air' is the final release in our special repress series in partnership with Oakland's Carrot and Stick press. Originally release via the Unlabel imprint back in 2006 this newly remastered and repackaged version features 4 bonus tracks 3 of which are previously unreleased. A special treat for fans of the Limp collective of artists (Aerosol/Manual/Syntaks).
“Being a huge ISIS fan I’ve always dug the moods these dudes convey with their sound,” added Moreno. “I am excited to combine my sense of creativity with theirs and to have fun doing so.”
It is not yet clear why breast cancer risk might be linked to changes in a white blood cell gene. But the team envisage that a blood test could be used in combination with other information about breast cancer risk, such as family history and the presence of other known breast cancer genes, to help identify those women at greatest risk of developing the disease in the future.
So, it looks like, with a little more rest and some physiotherapy (for which I’ll be going while I’m in Toronto), I’ll be running and hiking again in no time.
Of course Shan had to get in on the action with her spaghetti covered face too.
Now her recipe is good, but it needed a bit of tweaking to work for me. (Feel free to follow her recipe exactly.) For two days I worked on this recipe. Nigella’s recipes are good, but sometimes I think she goes for ease rather than accuracy. She has always maintained she is not a chef. In her care and stress free way she has gotten a whole group of people into the kitchen making her very indulgent and oh-so-easy food. Right on, sister!
Gabriel: Greetings, I am Gabriel. I am Gabriel, lily of love, trumpet of truth, messenger of One. Welcome. And I am pleased also to be here this day, invited by my beloved brother Michael. We could wait no longer for an invitation. I accompany him this day as messenger, messenger from the heart of One, messenger and spokes-being for the Council of Love, central administrator of the universe, the Omniverse. I come because I am an organizer, I am an administrator, and I am helping in the administration not only of your universe, but of humankind.
This recipe has been all over Pinterest and with good reason. It's so easy and it is cheesy and delicious. The bacon may seem like overkill to those who don't worship at that shrine (I can't envision a food that can't be made better with bacon). I did find, however, that the cooking time was way off and I believe the dish can be made simpler still by using a mandolin to slice the potatoes very thinly and omitting the parboiling, which I intend to do next time. Therefore, I'm editing the instructions to reflect this. Otherwise, you want to try this dish very soon.
Department of Justice - Public Prosecution Division
I took Larry's weird vine off of the trellis, and collected as many of the just as weird seed pod dealies as I could, but know I missed some. They look like 1/4 to 1/2 inch potatoes. I used to think the vine was a perennial, but figured out it reseeds. Now that the grass is gone, I ended up weeding it out of areas beyond where it normally grows.
Must not fall off basketball or break your plan position at any point during the 3 minutes or disqualification.
A few months ago at Ella's school they had a day where the kids got to dress up like what they want to be when they grow up. Leading up to this day, I explained this to Ella and asked how she would like to dress up.
It's hard to have SO many words rocketing about inside my brain
the terrible whiteness of the whale
A shedding of skin.
It’s basically a table of insurance plans people who don’t currently have coverage could choose from once the national health care law hits its stride. If it ever does.
With a play of the title of her hit single 3 words, as an offer of advice to the Girls Aloud Beauty, they asked the question: Learn to tweet! Is Cheryl Cole the least interesting celebrity on Twitter?”
Averkiou is playing both sides of a jumpy pop and dense shoegaze fuzz, reminiscent of those late '90s English movement with Lush or Curve, ditching the experimental layers of feedback in favor of melody.
One of the advantages that mlecchas have is that they have very little people baggage compared to Indians.
Butter, cold- 8 tablespoons
“When a man has pity on all living creatures then only is he noble.”
Everything is alright but my blood pressure has been a little high the last couple of weeks and since my due date is Wednesday, the Dr. is going to go ahead and deliver. I'm still only 1cm dilated and 60% effaced so we are praying that my body will respond to the induction medication and that things will go smoothly and of course that Baby Will is healthy at the end of it all.
If the current bear market rally follows the same path as the bear market rally of 1934 to 1937, we have about three to six months left before the next phase of this bear market gets underway, ultimately bringing stock prices below their March 2009 lows.
For his theme to show,
My legs are sore. I didn't even make it to the top. Maybe one day. I'm so excercising more this summer.
Back to the story. Zach is just passing through but events occur that keep him in Caloosa. As he is heading out of town he hears shouting on the river and discovers two men and a young boy in danger of drowning. he manages to get all three to dry land, but only one survives. The two victims are Dinah’s father and younger brother,the survivor is her uncle.
Meet Hansen. ( yes horses can run with no feet touching the ground )
One of my goals is to produce fresh, spontaneous artworks that will leap off the canvas. I will need to “look three times, make one brushstroke and leave it!” This is absolutely necessary for wet-in-wet painting, so this challenge has come at just the right time for me.
2) WD Wisconsin - 0.91
GlassesUSA offers a wide variety of designer (yes, designer!) glasses at an unbelievable value!
Stone Brewing Co. Stone 10th Anniversary IPA
and the neat thing about this particular award, as i understand it, is given to a blogger that has fewer than 200 followers.
In response to the rising tide of anti-Semitism, here and abroad, courtesy of the Religion of Peace, liberal Jews (Temple Beth Meshuga) have pledged to fight Islamophobia – the “phobia” the left loves to hate.
You never know where beer nerdery might lead you. Mainly to the pub obviously, but sometimes it can take an odd turn.
For lunch I had one of the specials, turkey croquettes, which were simply amazing. The turkey was tender and delicious, the sauce perfect, and the side salad, which consisted of baby greens, craisins, pine nuts, and bacon, incredible. I ordered an Obamagang with my meal and it was stellar stuff. Roasted and chocolate notes stole the show and were balanced out perfectly by the subtle but delicious fruity esters of that marvelous Belgian yeast. It was slick and oily and sublime.
I need someone evil
And they that have done good shall go into life everlasting; and they that have done evil into
Do you recognize this place? My husband and I enjoy traveling. I have been to all fifty states and numerous foreign countries.
Oh and apparently there was a very very small amount of snow this morning. We didn't see, but it was cold enough today to believe it. We will definitely be on the lookout for it tomorrow.
Keep this thought in mind, “What if I were considering buying this house? On a scale from 1-10, how would I rate the house?” Walk across the street and look at your home as if you were looking at it for the first time. I hope this information proves useful!
Well, use less washing up water, anyway.
The second day we moved the two larger items, a Linotype caster and a Vandercook Universal 1. After a day of lugging all those cases of type up to the alleyway, creeping the 3200+ pound Linotype along the floor and over the threshold with pipes and Burke bars seemed downright leisurely. We only had 3/8 of an inch grace getting through the doorway, but that was enough. These were boomed out of the patio well and joined the other skids in the warehouse.
“Bukhara…Bukhara…”
Being absolutely honest - I am still a bit freaked out about it even after a couple of weeks now and I try not to look at it, however the benefits are immense as blood is taken and drugs administered without you feeling a thing saves your arm veins getting shot to pieces.
being careful to hold the ends and not to
Himself. But me? Well, I don’t think I ever live up to the light I have
As a school, we have decided to focus on RTI for behavior first so we are revamping our tier 1 (positive behavior support system), providing some in class interventions for students and finding some more intensive supports as well. I went to a seminar on RTI for behavior done by Amie Dean who is fantastic by the way (she is who we are getting a lot of our ideas from)! You can see her Workshop information here! I will leave you tonight with a nonverbal behavior intervention that she teaches about.
The other cracker which I mentioned yesterday was that comedian Richard Herring’s updated version of his 2002 show TALKING COCK (which was printed in the Fringe Programme under that title with no problem in 2002) had been changed by the Fringe Office – without his knowledge – from TALKING COCK: THE SECOND COMING to TALKING C*OCK: THE SECOND COMING.
Today’s trek into the countryside was not the mudfest it was yesterday. But one of our four-wheel drive vehicles (our team travels in two cars), did get stuck trying to cross a small river on our way to the first site visit. We caught the whole thing on video just like a National Geographic documentary. After several attempts by our fearless Haitian drivers, it was decided it’d be best to leave the hopeless SUV behind and just take the pickup truck which zipped across the river, no problem. Once on dry land, Kate and the camera crew gamely climbed into the back of the pickup and we picked our way along the gutted country road going about 15 miles per hour, at most. Occasionally our driver had to get out and place rocks in the deep ruts so the truck would stay level.
I've been looking back on some blog posts from 2011 and I'm amazed at myself. In some areas, I've really come a long way. In other areas, I see that I really didn't move or change at all. I'm kind of blah about that, not sure what I can really say other than I'M HUMAN, so sue me. Ok, no really don't sue me. I'm quite broke. ;)
This week I'd like to introduce you to Sara Mincy. At the time that the book came into conception, I had just fallen in love with Sara and her blog. She immediately struck me as someone I wanted to work with. Sara is a very talented artist, but at the time we started the book, she really wasn't that into sewing. Because the book has projects geared for first-time sewers as well as advanced sewers, Sara's style was a perfect match for the book!
BIG BILDERBERG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU
When triumph appears, I run to the beach, slide on that wetsuit and jump onto my board, letting the glistening sun blind me and the waves guide me. I feel the waves pump through me like the blood through my heart. I put my knee on my board and push down on the nose, duck diving through the crashing waves, feeling it's power wash over me. A Christening of the soul.
#8 - "The Invaders" - One of the greatest actresses of the 20th Century delivers one of the Zone's finest performances in this wonderful game of deception and misdirection. After screening it for a roomful of teens a few years ago I'm happy to say the surprise ending still holds its surprise. Agnes Moorehead delivers a master class in how to sustain attention without a single word of dialogue. And why no dialogue? Not gonna tell ya if ya haven't seen it.
Three types of corporations that can be diminished. The chances for having an IRS audit can be contracted for. They accept contracts for remodeling buildings, roofing and for manufacturing unique home installers. Building contractors must possess special educational qualifications and certificates specified by the northern california labrador and to provide deductible options and prescription drug coverage. Clear Protection also guarantees no rate increases for two years.
You hope for first class, and not second hand.
Also slightly hilarious for me is the complete omission of Sevilla (and I can’t remember if Gary has been or not). I lived with an American last year who was obsessed with this city and would not shut up about it–to the point I got really turned off by the city simply because I was forced to hear so much about it (which I suppose isn’t fair, but oh well). I’ve been to Sevilla a few times and while I liked it, it’s not one of my favorite places in Spain. Good to see Gary and the people who helped him compile the list agree with me!
Book – Yeah, this is a simple one. I love reading them and writing them.
And who knows? Maybe Kevin Costner will shake my hand one day and end up on the winning side of life once again. If the day comes, I hope there are witnesses so I can come back to this post and giggle some more. More than anything, I want my sister by my side so she can share in the moment.
Hello Friends/reades I'm back. Life's been hectic with work. Today my blog's first anniversary and I don't want to miss posting on this special day. I hope I will be regular from now on.
Jack chose not to eat the nuggets; instead, he wolfed down a poppadum (a large chip typically served as an appetizer with mango chutney) and several portions of garlic naan bread. In the past, he's also eaten the curry sauce, but last night preferred to stick with the side dishes.
Tear up the slices of bread and add to a food processor along with 3 tbsp soft butter and a bit of salt and pepper, and pulse until the bread is in uniform crumbs and the butter is well distributed.
I have taken to writing actual lists because I'm afraid the mental lists will be adulterated, what with all the visual distractions and the insidious ravages of aging. And I've been keeping these lists on the Stickies features of my Mactop. The application creates what looks like Post-it Notes, and you can assign different colors and fonts and font sizes to different notes as you organize them by importance. Right now, the sticky note that is front and center is blue, large and filled with big, bold type. These are the things I need to do in the immediate feature, as opposed to the other notes that are just for occasional reference—the cost of the shirts I'll be ordering for the community band, our wi-fi network password, and a recipe for a bleach-cleaning solution for the dog's potty area (it's astro turf and can get pretty rank in the blazing heat, not that we've had blazing heat lately, I say as the bitter wind whips through the chimney and howls like a wolf, and snow is pelting the northeastern part of America during the last week of April. The last week of April!, I repeat because I warned people this would be happening, and I don't think anyone believed me, certainly not the pool people who wanted to open early on account of the "early spring").
Well, I had something in mind to post about tonight. But just as I was about to settle in and type there was a discrete knock at the door. One of the kids had a bad day and decided (since he saw my light on) that he would stop by and vent to the old man for a few minutes.
They show us what took place at this past Sunday’s No Surrender with Bobby Roode winning the Bound for Glory Series, and will face Kurt Angle at Bound for Glory.
Email publicists with links to reviews
Attached mittens at the end of each arm ensure that you can move easily from the couch to the garden to the front porch for hot chocolate with the neighbors, without getting cold hands. When you're back inside, just pull the mittens off the hands and tuck into the convenient mitten pocket inside the Eternally Comfy's cuff. So easy!
The Danish resistance was in close communication with the British by various methods, including illegal telegraph machines. The picture below shows a reconstruction of a room with equipment used by a telegraphist.
You can look at a food label to find out how many protein grams are in a serving. But if you’re eating a balanced diet, you don’t need to keep track of it. It’s pretty easy to get enough protein. Here’s an example of how a kid might get about 35 grams of protein in a day:
To haunt us with their truth.
- After being exposed to a small dose of Skiffle in the mid to late 50’s, it has been estimated that from 30,000 to 50,000 British youths immediately created their own groups. Imagine what will happen if the whole world becomes infatuated with it.
But it was the sense of history that amazed me; and Berlin is still a city where the leaves of history lie about in the streets like an untidy autumn. It was inconceivable to me then that one day I'd stand in a reunified city and look back at that first visit as another of those leaves of history, any more than I could really conceive of being over fifty. But I found there the visible and obvious relics of the Third Reich, whose traces had been tidied away in the Wirtschaftswundery Federal Republic which had been Germany for me, up till that week. There were bullet marks still on the buildings - actually, they're still not hard to find, but then the buildings were dirty, and, in the East, often ruinous, as if I'd found myself suddenly in 1946. The Lutheran Cathedral in the city centre was open to visitors but you couldn't go into the main part of the building because it was dangerous. Rubble lay all over the floor, as if in the immediate aftermath of a bombing raid. In the West, of course, the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church tower stood at the top of the Kurfürstendamm, blackened and ruined by the air-raid I was to describe years later in Saving Rafael. But there had been much rebuilding there. Money was poured into West Berlin.
Forgiving does not erase the bitter past. A healed memory is not a deleted memory. Instead, forgiving what we cannot forget creates a new way to remember. We change the memory of our past into a hope for our future. -- Lewis B. Smedes
Over the long weekend in Mali (Easter Monday was a day off for schools and offices here), the country’s process of transition from military to civilian constitutional power was officially launched. President Amadou Toumani Touré appeared on state television on Sunday night, for the first time since before the coup, to announce his resignation. National Assembly speaker Dioncounda Traoré has been meeting with various members of the classe politique in Bamako as well as with the CNRDRE junta, and Mali’s supreme court has convened to pave the way for Traoré’s official designation as the country’s new head of state. This process has been hailed internationally, including by the United Nations, and members of the global media have confidently reported that the coup leaders are stepping down.
As you can see, it wasn’t entirely successful and I have quite a few images which tell me I should probably bring a tripod next time. By this time we’d reached a road which seemed a good place to turn back and walk up the other side of the canal. In changing direction, we went under a bridge which had been decorated with several mosaic panels.
I know that Easter dinner was not the same without the bad manners of our kids at the table... I am hopeful that many Marines showed their bad manners and made you feel at home. I am sure you chewed with your mouth open and even laughed at the fart jokes.... yes these things did happen at our table. We would not want to disappoint!
I am now 50 and feel the same way and I'm sure I will if I reach 80.
I'm willing to guess the word "chain" might not have the best connotations for loyal HowChow readers. It's OK, I usually agree. As a longtime food blogger, I can fully understand the merits of Victoria's duck fat fries compared to the limp, salty things you get at Checkers, or the superiority of a hot-from-the-oven Coalfire pizza to anything advertised as remotely "artisan" from Domino's. But not all chains are bad. Some are even great. Case in point, Rita's Italian Ice.
When I told my teacher about what happened, they tried to get us to “talk it out.” I quit telling anyone because it often just made it worse.
We used to only have companies, or charities and NGOs. Today, we have companies with Corporate Social Responsibility departments, those who commit a percentage of their profits to social causes, and those who run like a business, but their business is social cause.
Failure:
Meade Design Group has become a tight-knit family over the years, so we have shown that in this year's holiday card. Beneath a family style portrait of the smiling Meade Design Group team, the caption inside reads "This year we wanted to share some memories of our Christmas' past, a glimpse into our Christmas present and to wish you a joyful season yet to come!"; I guess we were feeling nostalgic. The remaining panels are filled with old photos from our childhood holiday memories: opening presents, decorating the tree, sitting on Santa's lap, bundled in winter attire, and all of the merry décor and ensembles that add to the season - all in fanciful, filigree-embellished frames.
I’d give it 9.5 and would strongly recommend it to any one wanting some problem solving and action set in beautiful 1940’s Los Angeles.
Rest if you must, but DON’T YOU QUIT!” ~ author unknown
Here’s an adaptation of the cherry/hazelnut recipe from the link above, allowing you to mix and match ingredients to your own taste (or based on what you have on hand, which is always the case with my pantry). You can also double or triple the recipe when you find a combination you really like.
2. Add the garlic, potato, bay leaf, paprika and stir around for a few minutes (don’t let the garlic burn)
She's decided that she is 'shy'. She's always been cautious, and needs a few/several minutes before she warms to a situation or person. I'm happy that she is vocalising her need - I'm shy right now mama. And when she's ready - I'm not shy any more mama! And she leaps in and chats away to child and adult alike.
My initial report on Jamaat ul-Fuqra generated considerable reaction from people all over the country, particularly those who might find themselves within the blast radius — so to speak — of one of the known compounds.
There's so much color and creative energy. While we wandered through the outdoor venue we chatted with people we don't see on a regular basis, talked with vendors and admired their wares, and generally just enjoyed being outside on a beautiful spring day.
What can Herman do next to bail out?
This sweetheart is just one of three new Lulus available this weekend.
My enthusiasm for Infinite Jones is inexhaustible. With each listening new musical discoveries reveal themselves to me. It is fitting that this album by John Lee and Gerry Brown would be as outstanding as their individual playing. What more can I say.
While on the surface Jack's life somewhat mimics my beloved Harry Potter, Myklusch quickly differentiates Jack from Harry. While both boys are orphans, are rejected by those around them, have odd 'magical' things that they can't explain happen when they're upset and are then whisked off to a place where people understand them .... Myklusch clearly shows the reader that Jack is 'his own man' complete with his own issues and adventures. What Myklusch and Rowling both have in common is
Meats: rotisserie chicken parts; peeled, raw shrimp if you have them, leftover smoked sausage or ham.
Nonetheless, the images that go with the messages may not necessarily connect, but they do appeal to the various senses of a tourist. Youthful and vibrant as the images and tags are, the campaign reaches the target tourism market so well, expanding from its regular market of retirees and elderly to the hip and preppy generation. It does invite also the locals to experience the fun in thier own country.
i’m not a risk taker. when i went to this relationship, i said to myself, this is it. no other man will i love, he’s the one forever. i was inspired by my grandmother, we all call her “nanay”. you see, my grandfather or “tatay” is Nanay’s first and last bf and ofcourse, husband. she accepted him as he is– a playboy, a kinda bit immature. when Tatay had a stroke, she took care of him no matter what. she accepted the pain, hardship, struggles and all the things it has. i want something like that. something i can call mine forever.
Tip: Use Black Soot or Black India ink added a single drop at a time to intensify and darken colours. Do not use with light colours such as pale pinks and yellows as the black will totally take over these colours.
Conductor: I’ll announce it.
Over the many months that this blog has been available, one of the most consistently popular posts has been, How to install Midnight Commander under Mac OS X (the easy way, using Rudix). Unfortunately, at the article notes, the developer of Rudix changed his package and while you can still use Rudix to install Midnight Commander on your Mac, it’s not quite as straightforward an installation as it once was.
"Ineluctable modality of the visible," Stephen's monologue begins; "at least that, if no more, thought through my eyes. Signatures of all things I am here to read, seaspawn and seawrack, the nearing tide, that rusty boot. Snotgreen, blue-silver, rust; coloured signs.
My mother-in-law wrote a book (one handmade copy—not published) for each of my kids when they were small. My daughter’s was “Reader Nameless” (she told me she prefers to be nameless in future posts) because at age 4 she kept begging me to teach her to read. I hired a college student since I didn’t feel capable of doing the job. She was
where were you when…
The other day on Twitter me and a few other bloggers where discussing our most popular blog posts and it seemed that everyone had a range of different things. It really led me to thinking about what exactly makes a post popular? How much is down to content and how much is chance, date and time and where it’s linked to? I found it really interesting to hear what other bloggers most popular posts are their reaction to them and why they think that is. So Vicki at Cosy Books and I have decided to do this post to share with you our blogs most popular posts. We’d also love to know what yours are as well if you’re a blogger so please feel free to do your own post or if you don’t have time leave a comment with what yours are. We’re also planning a discussion post about this topic so all input would be hugely appreciated!
Zavon M. Reproductive toxins at work and in the community. J Occup EnvironMed 1997; 39: 1136.
When establishing a logical chain of considerations leading the skilled person from the prior art to the subject-matter of a claim in order to challenge its inventiveness, the most difficult part consists often in finding the incentive of the skilled person to take a particular step. The case-law both in Germany and at the EPO requires such an incentive e.g. for the combination of different pieces of prior art.
6. Make the crumb topping. Mix the brown sugar, flour, cinnamon and salt together in a small bowl. Add the butter and cut in using a pastry cutter, two knives or your fingers until small crumbs form.
When the trail opened up again, my turkey tracks faded out – not sure if it was because they moved off the path, or because the grass growing on it obscured indentations. I continued on, mostly because I love that area and enjoyed being far enough back off the road that I knew I wouldn’t encounter any other people. I thought I might walk all the way down to the river, as I’d never quite gotten there from this direction before. I scared up a couple small groups of white-tailed deer along the way, although they all stared at me for a long time before running away, as though they hadn’t seen people since last fall. I veered off the trail to poke my head into a little wetland area, checking for interesting plants since I had given up on the turkey. As I came back out onto the trail, I heard a rustle behind some bushes that didn’t seem like a deer, and my hopes rose that I might have found a turkey after all. Instead, as I rounded the corner, a round and furry head appeared, tawny yellow and gray and white mixed together, and I found myself face-to-face with a wolf, not 20 yards away. It was as surprised as I was, and bounded back a few paces before stopping to look at me again. I backed up quickly and steadily, keeping my eyes on the bushes that it had come from, and it ran downhill a little farther, also keeping its eyes warily on me, before running across the trail into the brush and towards that little wet area I had come from. A moment later, a second wolf came out of the bush and ran across the road, too. I didn’t see another sign of them, although as I walked back the way I came, I did hear one more quiet commotion in that direction.
8. New Biography
Why did it change?
The Hutts enjoy the ability to sell to both sides in this disagreement, and are going to be difficult to sway one way or the other. Unless profit can be made over one than the other, the Hutts will sit on their daises and watch the entertainment the Republic and Empire provide them.
Food obsessions, preoccupations with food, and excessive worry & concern about food are now more the ‘norm’ than normal.The biggest issue for me in this carb-cutting frenzy is the impact it has on your mindset. As I descended into the depths of having an eating disorder (anorexia nervosa), I can still remember the transition from feeling totally in control, empowered and invincible about my food intake (or lack of)…to becoming obsessed, overwhelmed and consumed by thoughts and faulty beliefs about food. Almost overnight, it seemed, I went from having total control of my food, to food having total control of me.
Ruhlman's ratio for cookie dough is 1 part sugar : 2 parts fat : 3 parts flour. His book, Ratio, didn't include any recipe or even mention of oatmeal cookies, so I was curious to see what would happen. And surprisingly, if you interpret the ratio loosely and consider the applesauce to be a fat and the whole oats to be a flour instead of an add-in, it nearly holds with this recipe (70 : 140 : 220 or 1 : 2 : 3.14). Pretty cool.
I just wanted to drop in really quickly this monday morning to say a HUGE thank you to everyone who made the launch of the first JSP workshop such a success. We sold 3/4 of the seats in 2 days and sold out completely in a week! My jaw nearly fell on the floor in surprise when I realized the class might actually be full! Thank thank you thank you for not letting me hang out alone in Singapore! :) I'm so excited to be teaching next year and I really hope those of you on the other end of the syllabus will soak in much fruit from the workshop.
My heart is sick of leaping and tripping like an Aintree racer with old knees. These words bounce in my head: wherever I hang my hat. But I have no hat and I have no hatrack and my hair lollops when I cycle through the airport, through the wind. Wherever I hang my head aint my home. I’ve got no more time for head hanging. I’m bored of it. I can’t believe I keep on talking about property.
How can there be any “dignity of the office” of a liar? Whether it is George Bush or Barack Obama, there is no dignity in dishonesty, corruption, greed, narcissism, or even the wars we pursue.
Within days of dropping I-will-not-say-how-many dollars on many yards of gorgeous silk charmeuse, silk chiffon, and a variety of potential applique accent fabrics, I was informed by my instructor that my patron had decided he didn't want to pay for me to compete yet - maybe never. I was crushed, and did a good bit of crying for a few days. Lacking a deadline, and feeling little but sadness and loss when I looked upon my fabrics, research, and sketches, I folded everything up neatly in a box labeled "dream gown," and tucked it away in a far corner of my closet.
Her primary function being, cooking and taking care of her family with three kids. She was always over-powered and over-shadowed by her husband (my dad), and I never realised she was being neglected. She had never complained.
The first best trekking rout here is the Darcha Lamayuru trek. This trek needs 26 days to cover the entire route. You cross Zanaskar, Manali, Darcha, Chumi Napo, Shingo La, Kurgiak, Tetha and many other places as you trek along the trekking track. You need to climb up 6000 meter in the direction of the western end region of the Himalayan range. As you trek along and reach each destination you get to visit the occupants and the see the beautiful natural scenic views from each destination. Your tour starts at Darcha and ends at Lamayuru.
Thrilling.
Her images are elegant and timeless, you will love to have them on your wall!
Note: You can add in mock vegetarian meat and vegetables in to the Veg Kut Teh.
Bomi : We are trying to get a fresh and natural sound from traditional musical instruments through our emotions. The reason why we are co-writing music for JAMBINAI is that each of us know the texture of each sound from our instruments and when it's better not interfere with it.
There’s power in the name of the Lord
Many young people learned to ride on my sweet Coni, and then moved on to horses of their own, currently one young friend is riding the Arabian circuit and has done very well with the horse she is currently leasing, I personally think Coni is responsible for that young lady's continued foray into the Arabian horse world give her the sole credit.
note; backsleeve
JAMES O’BRIEN SHOW (LBC)
The recent ultra-left socialist organisation Searchlight bussed in London members last month to distribute their Hope Not Hate propoganda 'newspaper' which included a section about various Heanor residents who are active in our community, thus implying that they supported Searchlight's extreme socialist anti-nationalist stance.
My best friend, at the time, had parents who were foster parents to teenage girls. We had a lot of exposure, and decided to pursue foster parenting for younger children. As soon as I turned 21 we got our license. We had many foster kids come and go. Some times we had sad and hard to deal with cases, but we wanted to make a difference for the short time we had these kids.
- with Louis Vuitton signature
He relies on his own inspiration of Sakyong Mipong, reformulating this lama's teachings for a wider readership. Sometimes I wanted more depth from his student; although this is a galley proof given for review, it appears to be more or less complete in this version. Lodro Rinzler loads on the references designed to make this up-to-date, but the risk of a shorter shelf life when quoting a particular drink mix or rapper or '80s kid's show does loom. (I think of those earnest recastings of the Good News for Flower Power.) For me, a generation older than Rinzler, I fall into the awkward gap between Chogyam Trungpa's Aquarian Age cohort and Rinzler's--maybe I'm closer to the "hardcore zen" of Brad Warner or as an older brother for Noah Levine's "dharma punx" who grew up after the hippies but before the maturing of a perpetually wired audience. I'm glad to see that Buddhism continues to be rethought and reframed every few years.
When Allie, aka Al, learns that her brother's life is in jeopardy, she disguises herself as a boy to get enrolled into Westridge and save him. I could tell you more, but... I won't.
4. Weekend pastime
So, the liberals want to change free speech? I think they are aware that freedom is dangerous to their agenda. Here is a video via mark Levin:
Wonder what these historians have to come up with about the sky being blue. What meaning does this hold? Is it lunch time for Farmer Jed? Is this the only time of day the Mrs. gets to see her husband, as she delivers lunch, maybe a ham and cheese sandwich (baked beans)? The artist was able to corral the two for a ‘quick pic?’ Why wasn’t the painting set at nighttime? Perhaps hubby needs to be in bed by 5 pm in order to hit the field by 3am?
He then met the American poet Robert Frost, who had come to England to make a fresh start as a poet and under his influence started writing poetry at the end of 1914 believing like Frost that poetry should employ the natural cadences of ordinary speech.
1 spare
The pub is on a corner and the table was on the pavement alongside the main road. After a half hour of sitting there chatting and watching people walk or drive by we went inside and I did my routine. Again I managed to achieve a first by stripping out of my outer clothes in a pub, admittedly without anyone else around, and getting down to my costume which I'd been wearing underneath.
9. Black boots (Dorothy Perkins)
Things are a bit tricky here, so today I'm skiving my responsibilities and pointing you towards a post that helps you understand why you still need to be able to speak publisher. Read Reasons Not to Self-Publish in 2011-2012: A List by Edan Lepucki (and come back and tell me what you think, if you have the time). I don't agree with all of it, but there are some very important thoughts here. I particularly like that it draws on plenty of other intelligent blog posts to bring together its reasoning.
We had some really good times, my pickled almonds and I. I'm glad I initiated* our sassy little romance... and I'm sure we'll meet again for round two.
Carter is for my money, the greatest walking bassist in the history of jazz. Big words, I know - and describing somebody in music as being 'the best' is a risky proposition, since it is ultimately unprovable, and probably undesirable as well - music is after all, not a competitive sport. Maybe it would be more appropriate for me to say that as a walking bassist, nobody satisfies me on so many levels as Carter. Others have had an extraordinarily powerful beat (Ray Brown, Leroy Vinnegar), and some have a relentlessly creative mind when it comes to note-choices for bass lines (Scott LaFaro, Eddie Gomez), but none of combined these two elements in the way that Carter has.
**TIVO not recording something when you depend on it! I missed Brothers & Sisters last night - waah!
a) Off the charts Mensa 1%er IQ?
The kids, of course, thought it was hilarious and had a good laugh at my expense.
You know I'm a little bit old school in the ways I like to do things. A little bit back to the basics...cloth diapering, breastfeeding, natural birthing, etc. Why? Because they are better. :) Ha. Truly though...I don't think that anyone would argue that point, but for some they just choose to not do it even though they know that it's better. Totally their prerogative. But, all of that to say, when I found the back-to-basics approach of eating, I knew it was for me.
I booked myself into a show on April 14th. It will be the first time I have sun with a band on a stage in gosh, nearly 11 years. Not that I was ever a big deal as a singer but I did it for 15 years and was really really good for a while. I was just crippled with mental illness, non-existent self esteem and I was trying so hard to be what I thought everyone wanted me to be that the act of performance wasn't fun anymore.
Also I brought Poppy in today and spent quite a bit of time grooming her. I gave her hooves a very thorough check then trotted her to find that she wasn't lame anymore. I had fixed up where dirt had managed to start traveling into her hoof when she last got lame by standing on a boxthorn and I used my hoof knife to fix that up. I hope she will stay sound. I'll keep a close eye on her but I hope I found the problem. We had to skip going to Laurens for mounted games this week for obvious reasons but we should be back on track for next Thursday :)
And finally, I opened my eyes.
"The geographical factor
8) I get to write a lot of fight scenes: You can’t write about an assassin character without her getting into some serious trouble and taking on loads of bad guys along the way. Both Gin and Gwen get into lots of battles, which means that I get to write tons of fight scenes. There’s nothing I like better than writing a fight scene and showing how my heroine uses her skills, smarts, and magic to defeat the bad guys.
For instance, in a murder trial, evidence could be that you own a shoe with an imprint similar to the footprint left in blood a murder scene.
"...And may we be forgiven for we know not what we've done!"
In Goa most of the veggies are imported from Belgaum… Please Goans do not get your hackles up I agree we have veggies that are grown in Goa but the choice is quite limited especially for vegetarians. Tell me how can you eat tamdi bhaji, dhavi bhaji and mulo day in and out? So where was I... ah yes veggies from Belgaum…
05 Instru-Mental
The first thing I noticed was Grappa. Grappa is a new addition to the Middelvlei crew and is off the Richter scale in cuteness. Still a puppy and still chewing on things so I had to take a few pictures.
On a whim last week we decided to go out of town for the weekend. We ended up in Hartford Connecticut. We had been there before but we weren’t able to do some of the stuff we wanted to do on previous trips so we decided that this time we would visit the places we wanted to but never could fit in.
This testing was enough to answer the question.... "Does the ammunition actually work as described?" There was another question though, at least in this writers tiny little puzzled mind. Would the frangible bullets destabilize upon striking anything less substantial than a steel target?
But it works, thanks to Astalift’s three steps to beautiful skin:
At first, the story was a horrible attempt at Mark Twain meets R.L. Stine, with this dorky southern kid running around the woods with no clue that an evil door lay nearby, under which was something that would change the world forever. Problem: I didn't know what lay under the door, and I kept stalling with more and more of the ridiculous (not in a good way) antics of poor Jimmy Fincher.
What did poke out to me, though, was that if a woman decided to do the opposite of me, as in not shave her legs, I guarantee that heads would be turned. So while I didn’t expect anyone to really notice, it was a poke at gender not just because men traditionally do not shave their legs, but for the gross hypocrisy of what would happen if women didn’t do it. Sure, some people might make fun of the guy for shaving his legs, but a woman would be treated as an outcast.
We've also made it easier for users to submit new content, so head on over, look around and share your memories of Carl Sagan.
“I know you can do this…your voice will fill this church…will you come to the Rectory? I’ll walk you through it.”
And on Wednesday night I was at a very well-attended launch there for my friend Cath Staincliffe's new novel, The Kindest Thing, published by Constable and Robinson. Held in the events room with its elegant windows overlooking Deansgate and the thirties windows of Kendal's (which always make me expect Superman to come flying in front of them at any moment), it was a lovely evening. The book is a departure for Cath from her detective novels, although it's a crime novel in that it's constructed around a criminal trial, and the very topical case of a woman convicted for helping her husband, who was suffering from motor neuron disease, to die. It's a page-turning read, and yesterday, suffering from a migraine and unable to write yet still able to read, I took the book to bed and gobbled it all up in one day!
The heart
- Very slight EQ, +1dB bass & +2dB treble, much less than you can do with amp tone controls
What I'm getting at, is that we have a long way to go. We all want to have a sudden resolution with instant canonical solutions. I suspect, from the comments I've seen around the web, that this is so because a lot people, of various ideological perspectives, want to "spike the football". That way of thinking needs to be removed, because the resolution isn't going to come with a bang, but with a long sigh over time, and that for the divine purpose of instilling a good dose of humility where it is apparently in great need. Pride is making too many people impatient, and inflating the egos of many who ought to know better.
But more importantly that the epic baking weekend of calorific joy is the fact that my pal's first published short story is out today on Amazon for your Kindle! I only found out this week so I thought I'd blog about it on release day to let you guys know, in case you fancied a quick read that's something a little different.
Of course, if you have a designated driver or other such chaperone, there's naught keeping you from both save laws against public intoxication.
Now, would I let a 12 year old read my work? Probably not, at least not without their parents reading it first and THEM making that decision together. Who knows. Maybe reading my work will open up the dialog between a parent and their kid about practicing safe and responsible sex. That would be awesome.
week on writing an action scene that would take fifteen seconds to watch on film and (dare I say it?) would probably be more effective in that medium (though obviously the novel trumps film in many other respects), I have to agree. I’ve also seen it argued, at least, that Woolf’s own experimental writing might have been influenced by cinema – montage and the shifting of camera angles and distances.
Fotovista’s operations also include online digital photo services, a photographic operation in France and specialist studio and portrait photography services in France and Belgium.
I had no power to “choose You”…because I was dead. But by Your grace and Your mercy and Your active pursuit of me…You breathed life into me by Your Spirit, and moved upon me to choose You. To receive You. To surrender.
SEC. 2. Pursuant to the provisions of Article VI, section 16, of the Constitution, the President is hereby authorized, during the existence of the emergency, to promulgate such rules and regulations as he may deem necessary to carry out the national policy declared in section 1 hereof. Accordingly he is, among other things, empowered (a) to transfer the seat of the Government or any of its subdivisions, branches, departments, offices, agencies or instrumentalities; (b) to reorganize the government of the Commonwealth including the determination of the order of procedure of the heads of the Executive Departments; (c) to create new subdivisions, branches, departments, offices, agencies or instrumentalities of Government and to abolish any of those already existing; (d) to continue in force laws and appropriations which would lapse or otherwise become inoperative, and to modify or suspend the operation or application of those of an administrative character; (e) to impose new taxes or to increase, reduce, suspend, or abolish those in existence; (f) to raise funds through the issuance of bonds or otherwise, and to authorize the expenditure of the proceeds thereof (g) to authorize the National, provincial, city or municipal governments to incur in overdrafts for purposes that he may approve; (h) to declare the suspension of the collection of credits or the payment of debts; and (i) to exercise such other powers as he may deem necessary to enable the Government to fulfill its responsibilities and to maintain and enforce its authority.
If Allah helps you, none can overcome you … (V.3: 160)
Watts indicates a balance every journalist is facing between putting enough of themselves into their social media to seem human, while remaining professional. When she says reporters are reporters, part of what she means is that many of the old rules apply to new platforms, such as fact checks and leaving personal opinion out of it – even on staff blogs.
Shoe engineers examine foot imprints of Igor Vovkovinskiy, of Rochester, Minnesota, at Reebok headquarters, in Canton, Massachusetts. Vovkovinskiy, who has a shoe size between 22 and 26, says he’s had 16 surgeries in six years to fix problems created by shoes that didn’t fit. The engineers intend to use the imprints to help create trainers for Vovkovinskiy.Picture: Steven Senne/AP
One of the great thing about living in the U.S. (Especially in California and NY) is that you meet people from all over the world. You get to learn different cultures and you get to learn some special dishes like this.
One of the reasons Saving Leonardo is so demanding for most of us is that it takes the reader through mainly uncharted territory. It causes us to reflect on ideas that we hitherto have not and on a level we are ill prepared to do so. Rather than this being a cause for ignoring this work it should compel us toward it. This information could hardly be more timely.
At last our cabinets are done, hung up and we have a functioning kitchen. We got everything put away so there are no more boxes in my front room, it is already feeling more like our home.
43
4. Private companies would not be required to remove identifying information from data they share with the government. Private information could be shared not only with civilian but with military authorities. Given the deference that courts generally show to invocations of national security interests by entities associated with the military, this makes the risks of privacy invasions even more severe. Any information shared under a new legislative framework should go to a civilian rather than a military agency.
But now your love is like poison to me.
My, but I'm tired!"
“We can cope with these extra challenges, but they use up the outperformance we have achieved and they mean that our shareholders, indeed all bank shareholders, will see value recover less well than hoped,” he said.
Anyhow, I made an offer on the above and the seller took it. Overall, the set runs VG-EX which is fine with me. The "burlap" pattern actually does a nice job of hiding those soft corners. The high numbers aren't too pricey and for the time being, I can pick up reprints of the Bench and Ryan to fill in those holes.
1 cup tomato, peeled seeded and diced
And what solutions do they offer to counter the Iranian nuclear program?
- Tommy McCook: saxophone tenor
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to be preoccupied with the picture as who I believe I am and who I believe others are not realizing that I am distracting myself from what is happening behind the scene where all decision are made, from where the act of picture puppets is directed and where I am as well directing the “play” yet I refuse to see that as I am too preoccupied with watching the puppet show
But the moment of the night was the promo work done by Fortune, and in particular, AJ Styles. He truly has improved since he was matched up with Flair. You can also see Flair beaming with pride when he is watching him talk, it’s like a father watching his son succeed. I also liked the banter between Flair and Foley. I feel there is some unfinished business between them. But what about the beat down they gave the other 4 men, Jarrett, Hogan, Nash, and Sting? I think it’s way to say this is Fortune’s house and anyone else isn’t afraid in.
Bambootility Media provides bamboo media, marketing, bamboo farming/agritech, research & consulting in areas such as climate change, industrial design, environmental mitigation, architecture, engineering, construction, packaging, health & nutrition, cosmetics, food, pets, and more. Go to www.bambootility.com for more information and a description of the global Bambootility Media platform.
The first thing to note about CFS is, it is a label to describe a miscellaneous condition, for which there is no proper diagnosis. Indeed, it is handed out precisely because all the usual tests haven’t shown anything wrong. If something had been revealed – e.g. sleep apnoea, iron deficiency, underactive thyroid or wheat intolerance – then that would be the diagnosed illness.
He has refused his Assent to Laws, the most wholesome and necessary for the public good.
The mansion was built between 1854 and 1856 by local architect and master builder Abner Cook. The eleven-room, 6,000 square foot brick house cost $14,500 and the furnishings $2,500.
No, no Santa gifts. Why? When I was 6 or 7, I had a friend, Kim. She informed me there was no Santa. I was devastated. I mean, really, devastated. To learn that there was no Santa Clause! Would that mean I got less gifts? Why did they lie? But, but... So, my parents let me choose. Wrapped "Santa" gifts, or unwrapped ones like the years before when I thought there was a Santa. I chose wrapped (mostly-a few unwrapped). It's just funner that way. (Yeah, I know that isn't a word. It just sounded good.)
I have renamed the diary, Trenz Pruca’s Journal. Catchy eh?
The tumultuous escort, the ranks of policemen preceding, clearing the
I hope you have enjoyed this and maybe find the time to
You could see the subtext all over his face--"Wow" equals "I can't believe you actually said that out loud. On a beer vlog. About American craft beer." But it was all in good fun, and I couldn't help but laugh. Especially when Leone goes on to say, "Because it was ice-cold, watery, you can just throw it down..."
No kiddin’. No, not at all. Heavens, man! We had intended for just a few to come when we set up our TV set in the backyard and invited our neighbors over. Since we had a big yard though we had more or less room for everybody. By the way, how is Mrs. Humphreys? All of us, I might say, liked Ike, and over the radio listened to the blues and watched baseball and the Indians play in the World Series on the television, and we saved Indian Head Nickels for luck. O joyous time, it was the New York Giants over the Cleveland Indians (4-0) (and forgit all those ill-wishers and spoiled-sports, Mrs. Humphreys!) The Giants won, and that was that. In the over all scheme of things that year it was huge. With Bob Lemon, Early Winn, and Mike Garcia, how could the Tribe lose? But they did. Also among our basic tenants was the idea that I was the breadwinner and head of the household. What I said (as the breadwinner and the head of the household permit me to tell you if you’re uninformed) was never questioned. Nor did I have to worry about housework. It was a rule. Charlotte took care of it, and it worked as long as Charlotte stayed home and took care of the kids. And this brings me to the point I’m trying to make: those was simpler times. We didn’t lock our doors then and our kids more or less minded us, and if they didn’t…well, we spanked ‘em. And thank God, by and large, niggers stayed in there place, but we still worried ‘bout our children marryin’ one. It had nothin’ to do with prejudice. Now! It was just the way it was.
“My son went to court in reference to a speeding ticket,” said Marla Crawford of Richmond, whose son works at the Norfolk shipyard. “The court imposed a fine on him. The fine was paid. And a few months later . . . “
Last year I had Mr W for Easter. I imagine I posted about it, but can't remember what I'd file it under, so I'm not giving the link. Since we didn't talk about it, neither of us knew that I assumed he didn't want to have an Easter basket, and he assumed that of course I'd make him an Easter basket. Oops. He was truly upset, in the way that a kid who puts up with a lot of untraditional holiday stuff but for cryin' out loud some things are just a GIVEN, could reasonably feel.
As promised by Twitter, Facebook, and email, we returned to the Obama Kensington campaign office yesterday to protest the imminent signing of the National Defense Authorization Act. A cold and windy late winter afternoon probably helped keep our own numbers low – as it turned out, there would be only two of us. (Thanks, M.!)
She sat on the side of the bed for awhile and later released me from the chains. I couldn’t read her expression. She was in deep thoughts. I could barely move but she began tugging on the chain around my neck, denoting that I had to follow her. She tugged harder as I failed to catch up. I felt cold and frightened. I was led to another room, a dark room.
He is the dearest man whom I love, love, love...he just thinks differently and he means well, truly he does...now where is that pillow?
Back we headed, weaving through the streets again, past the main temple, the markets and the Palace. Near the riverfront, we veered into a network of criss-crossing streets and before long we drew up at the Lazy Gecko Café!
“These persistent temptations come from the malice of the devil,” says St. Francis de Sales, “but the trouble and suffering they cause us come from the mercy of God. Thus, despite the will of the tempter, God converts his evil machinations into a distress which we may make meritorious. Therefore I say your temptations are from the devil and hell, but your anxiety and affliction are from God and heaven.” Padre Quadrupani suggests the following strategy: “Despise temptation, then, and open wide your soul to this suffering which God sends in order to purify you here that He may reward you hereafter.”
I had never tried fish tacos before and her Mahi Soft Tacos with Chipotle Sauce were delicious.
And yes, we had pizza, chips and ice cream for tea.
15. “All great changes are preceded by chaos.” -Deepak Chopra
From that sick, sick sick article :
*sigh* This has been causing me to LOSE my mind and when I finish LOSING my mind, my cranium will have more room for my brain and it will feel LOOSER. Also, my friend L is putting me on a diet and training program and will be kicking my ass for the new few months, so I will be LOSING weight so my pants will fit LOOSER because I don't want to look like a LOSER. *fingers in the shape of an L on my forehead*
As the weather cools (yes, it's finally getting below the sweltering temperatures here in Florida) it's the perfect time to head out to the flea markets. How I love to sift through all of the wonderful little trinkets and treasures of times gone by. Some of the odds and ends aren't extremely old, but interesting in that they may remind us of our own past (and sometimes unusual) collections. If these treasures could only speak, we would know the story behind how these bits and pieces of people's lives ended up here on the many shelves and booths of this dusty market.
So, I'm trying to get all the Kershaw cards while I can, before everyone realizes, "geez, maybe this guy really IS the next Koufax."
Indeed, the camera at one point sweeps past the Williamsburg Bridge and the shuttered Domino Sugar Factory; the film doesn't have time to explain the massive New Domino plan to bring some 2200 apartments to an 11-acre site encompassing former Domino property. One selling point for the project, by the way, is the provision of public access to the waterfront.
Many of my farming neighbours have small caravan sites, these often make the difference between keeping ones head above water and sinking. Every Welsh family farm should, within reason, be allowed a small, well-screened caravan site on its land. But a different approach is needed for the vast, often foreign-owned eyesores that stretch for miles along too much of our coastline. To confuse the two, as Rhodri Morgan did, is a deliberate attempt to use the sympathy elicited by the latter to detract from the indefensibility of the former.
In the recent Salford 5K with 106 in it I was nearly half way down the field in 52nd place.
A course of conduct is typically defined as one or more intentional acts that evidence a continuity of
* Kate tells Claire that she took Aaron and raised him, claire looks seething mad. She yells to Kate that he is coming and they can’t stop him.
“I really was a baby in the 1980s even; I knew a few of the old school but not all of them too well. Just my dad’s mates. When I started getting into comedy myself I began to get a bit more interested in it all but, by that point, most of these boys (they were all boys, notably) were off the telly and back in what was left of a dying carcass of a club scene or, if they were lucky, summer seasons and panto.”
12:37-12:50: Eat lunch at lightning speed!
Helen (using Hog Wild Over You)
The undercover police remake becomes an immature comedy-action film.
A South Indian clerk called Tirumal Appa had become a good friend of Shankar’s. They were of similar age. Tirumal spoke English rather well. He was keen to explore new things. He left home for Africa to explore new lands. That evening Tirumal came to sit next to Shankar. He talked about his family, his younger sister, whom he was really fond of. She was the one he missed most. Now this sister was going to be married off towards the end of September. Do you reckon the engineer sahib will grant some leaves? He asked Shankar.
Barkay’s analysis seems cogent, though it would be good to get some better resolution images to make sure of it. Nothing, however, beats a personal inspection of an artefact, as 2D images can hide critical features (such as the extra letter on the Tel Dan Inscription). The letters בע could also be part of the theophoric element בעל (‘Baal’), perhaps as part of someone’s name. This is less likely, though, given the currently available images. What appears to be a long ‘written’ line along the left broken edge of the seal would seem to match the letter nûn (נ) better than lamed (ל).
Interviewee number one
I have to be honest I didn't know about the shootings that took place in this book. Which- the more I read this wonderful story- the worse I felt about the fact that I didn't know about them. I was in 8th grade when 9/11 happened, so only in 9th grade when the shootings happened. In Georgia- and the book kind of discusses how it never really made national news- it just wasn't the same. Yes, people die all of the time. But they should also be honored. Everyone is loved by someone.
February 25 marked the 20-year anniversary for PANTERA‘s “Vulgar Display Of Power”, a landmark album widely acknowledged as one of metal’s most enduring and influential masterworks. Recorded by singer Philip Anselmo, guitarist “Dimebag” Darrell Abbott, bassist Rex Brown and drummer Vinnie Paul Abbott, the album has been certified double platinum by the RIAA and features several of the group’s most iconic songs including “Walk”, “Mouth For War”, “This Love” and “Fucking Hostile”.
When she spots Austin’s adoptive father in the grocery store, she is overjoyed. Now divorced, Mike has recently moved to town and is raising Austin alone. Totally out of the blue, the unexpected sighting provides her with a much needed opportunity. After careful deliberation, Mike allows Josie and Austin to meet.
Questions she had many
The Blue Moon ~ Variable
Beat together egg whites, cream of tartar and salt. Beat until foamy
Mercers or Rodmersham Golding
One day soon, however, I will wake up, and I will choose to bake cream cheese blueberry muffins. I will choose to knit wobbly pastel hats for my children. I will choose to make my own (hopefully not floral) curtains.
Reaction to first speaker: I’ve never felt so anti-social in my life.
Today I'm sharing a birthday card made with the very pretty 'Trailing Birdhouse' from Little Claire - you actually get two stamps and I've used one on each of the panels on my card. I cut away part of the front of the card and used Craft Creations kraft and pale pink dotted paper to layer up both panels.
In other news, I need to let the world know that I've completed a DIY task which only took four years. Of course what that really means is three years and several hundred days of putting it off followed by a burst of enthusiasm almost matched by ability. I was on such a roll I did another DIY job straight after then made a modification on one of my basses which also involved a drill, some matchsticks and a small block of ebony.
Please note that Anonymous comments are not appreciated. After I announce the winner of the Giveaway, you will have to contact me within 3 days of the announcement else I shall pick another person.
Which is still technically my word, and I could totally be lying about everything and be a middle aged man who sits around in his underwear all day long in his mother's basement and convinces himself that he's conducting an exciting social experiment by pretending to be a past her prime trophy wife in South Africa who is married to a bearded Viking.
How could a hogshead that retailed for 18 shillings have a wholesale price of 60 shillings?
*In 1921, just six months before a truce would end the hostilities of the Irish War of Independence, at the age of 24, Michael Magee died 22 January 1921, as the result of gunshot wounds he suffered during the abortive ambush at Drumcondra.
The few cyclists in the downtown sections are now replaced with a continuous stream of cyclists of all ages – the old, the soon to be old, the ones making progress in their life, and the young. Now commuting and exercising becomes the drive for cycling. Some have bandannas covering their mouths. Others have them close by, just in case.
beak down the hard wood floor
The chamber is crammed on such occasions, and noisier than most pubs on a Friday night. I sometimes suspect they might have drank more as well. It's an astonishing spectacle, but more often than not it's a disappointing one. Facile partisan debates played out over hours, when the outcome is entirely predictable due to the numbers involved.
When we put on a basketball camp in a Vietnamese community in South Texas, many of the neighborhood kids hung back, afraid to get involved. It wasn’t until our kids took the court and began playing that the other kids found the courage to come inside the playground. God used our children to open a door for the gospel that we adults were unable to crack.
(For the record, by the way, the most likely diagnosis for the Joker, although definitely a narcissist, is probably antisocial personal disorder.)
But this is amazing. When I gave birth to Wilson I was lucky enough to have family and friends who brought us meals and made sure we ate. It was amazing!
Josh and I had a really rough day yesterday, mainly because of my anxiety. I was all kinds of moody and bitchy and I totally took it out on him. He was moody and bitchy back, which didn’t help. We finally got things straightened out though and it would appear that we’re back to normal.
How happy James Murdoch must be to be jetting off to New York. For it was he who personally approved the Clifford payment.
Finally on to a firm favourite political correctness ,which has the U.K. in it's grip almost to the point of asphyxiation.
Welcome to the Texas Century. Now step into those tight trousers and get up on that wire fence, boy.
According to the “Austin American,” “Only once was he held up, he said, and that was in Bremen during the first few days of the war. On being examined by an officer, he was immediately suspected, being deaf and dumb. He soon, however, convinced the officer of his identity and was graciously allowed to depart, after having received a written passport which called upon all the subjects of the Kaiser to extend to him every consideration. The order was adhered to in every detail, said Bremond, and he was at all times treated with extreme courtesy.
But in truth, all of the moves were to some measure related to the fact that my heart was exploding with a passion to do something different with my life.
2010.08.22 India Kulgam 2 0 A mother and her teen daughter are brutally murdered in their own home by Religion of Peace gunmen.
I intend to release my old patterns that do not work
I have lots of ideas, one of which I’m ready to talk about, and one that’s still forming in my mind. One is a recent dream, the other I’ve had my entire life. Guess which one I’m ready to talk about? Yeah, the new one. Weird how that works. The thing that I’ve always wanted to do, that my heart has always lead me to, is the one things that scares me the most. Not just scares, but shakes me to the core. Because if I lose this, then I lose everything.
Reduce boiling water to a simmer and using a rubber spatula, carefully slide balls one at a time into the water. Cover and gently simmer for 30 minutes.
For a couple of weeks I had been studying the characters of Moses, Nehemiah and even Jesus. See, I felt I was at the end of what I knew to do alone and I needed help! So I told God about it. Again, and again, and again. Did I say, again?
Things have been crazy in the Karpen house since April 5th. My husband and I have accepted jobs in Atlanta at Emory University in Pediatrics and the Karpen family will soon be saying goodbye to Houston. More to come on that...
In the announcement that introduced this brand-new "service," PA claimed that its Literary Agency Department would "market your book to big ticket publishers such as Random House, Simon and Schuster, HarperCollins, Penguin, the new Amazon publishing company, but also university presses and independent publishers, and to a host of foreign publishers all over the world. We also work with Hollywood studios and producers..."
Love, Sarah B
“Let them be blotted out from the book of the living” (ver. 29). For had they been some time written therein? Brethren, we must not so take it, as that God writeth any one in the book of life, and blotteth him out. If a man said, “What I have written I have written,” concerning the title where it had been written, “King of the Jews:” doth God write any one, and blot him out? He foreknoweth, He hath predestined all before the foundation of the world that are to reign with His Son in life everlasting. These He hath written down, these same the Book of Life doth contain. Lastly, in the Apocalypse, what saith the Spirit of God, when the same Scripture was speaking of the oppressions that should be from Antichrist? “There shall give consent to him all they that have not been written in the book of life.” So then without doubt they will not consent that have been written. How then are these men blotted out from that book wherein they were never written? This hath been said according to their own hope, because they thought of themselves that they were written. What is, “let them be blotted out from the book of life”? Even to themselves let it be evident, that they were not there. By this method of speaking hath been said in another Psalm, “There shall fall from Thy side a thousand, and tens of thousands from on Thy right hand:” that is, many men shall be offended, even out of that number who thought that they would sit with Thee, even out of that number who thought that they would stand at Thy right hand, being severed from the left-hand goats: not that when any one hath there stood, he shall afterwards fall, or when any one with Him hath sat, he shall be cast away; but that many men were to fall into scandal, who already thought themselves to be there, that is, many that thought that they would sit with Thee, many that hoped that they would stand at the right hand, will themselves fall. So then here also they that hoped as though by the merit of their own righteousness themselves to have been written in the book of God, they to whom is said, “Search the Scriptures, wherein ye think yourselves to have life eternal:” when their condemnation shall have been brought even to their own knowledge, shall be effaced from the book of the living, they shall know themselves not to be there. For the verse which followeth, explaineth what hath been said: “And with just men let them not be written.” I have said then “Let them be effaced,” according to their hope: but according to Thy justice I say what?
It dropped the torch with a clatter and Rel had time to grab the second's future-sight that showed him the next blow chopping down. Above him, the Wilder was still off-balance, and through the shaggy leg-fur Rel could make out the shape of tendons under strain. While air surged in fraught eddies away from the arm descending on him, Rel risked an extra fraction of a second to waiting.
Since my picture book has a title such as Mom...What's a Chemtrail?, I figured it might be a good idea to let people see a bit more of what's going on inside. I can't be sure that many people know what a chemtrail is, let alone the fact that if they do...would they really have interest in a picture book that has them in it?
It was made by Helena Brennan a mother of 6 children, grandmother and full time potter and teacher who blazed a trail for functional ceramics in Ireland. I wonder does she know how a handmade teapot like this can become a prized and memory filled vessel for a whole generation? I wonder does she know how much pleasure her hands and her labour have given to so many down through the years?
Of course, sitting in a salon for 4 hours and having your favorite hairdresser style your 'do for you is quite different than rushing around before class at 7am, with four rollers haphazardly and lopsidedly hanging in your hair…
weren't exactly polite, you could immediately sense the strong character around, even though after starting to talk a little bit the sweet voices and the smiles were honest and generous. When more people started to showed up it was a revelation. It was an atmosphere that if you are not used to, has a paralyzing effect... One that I have experienced only in some other places in Italy and of course, Buenos Aires. If you are not confident, fully immersed and concentrated, you should just forget it. People dance 100% with their mind, body and soul.
Funfetti cake from the Spork Fed Cookbook
This is now the second time in a matter of a few weeks that I’ve seen this dump behaviour itself cause serious knock-on issues.
-Pre-heat your oven to 375 degrees and prepare a baking sheet.
"We're going to have less drugs on our streets, we're going to have less firearms and, ultimately, making our community safer. That's really what it boils down to. We've hit the source," said Michalyshen. "These organizations are all making money at the expense of the community."
If thus we treat Defenseless animals for sport or gain
As if she does ANY shopping on her own.
The pro-boycott people didn’t mind putting other people’s jobs at risk. Today, in much the same way, opponents of Atlantic Yards like Oder seem perfectly willing to attack the idea of development dollars going to black and Latino firms in Queens, Manhattan and Philadelphia. We should all recognize this divide-and-conquer tactic for what it is.
ribbon flowers
It’s good to be picky.
Here are a couple of the projects I've been associated with:
If none of these work for you, then try these:
Your neighbours bake cakes for you.
I'm a huge fan of the PBS series Downton Abbey, and I am so happy this third season will be taking place in the 1920s. Maybe it will reignite the popularity of this era. What do you think? Would you read a book set in the 1920s? What's your favorite era in history?
Final Analysis: The new Wet n Wild Color Icon Eye Shadow Singles in Lagoon and Envy are enough to turn even the most high-end eyeshadow lover into a WnW fan. Seriously, I could not believe I was using a $1.99 eyeshadow when I applied these shades to my eyes. The color, the intensity of the pigmentation, and the smooth application make these pretty darn unbeatable. As for Kitten, I wish that it worked better for me, but I'm just not a fan of texture. If you are sad about the departure of our beloved WnW Ultimate Expressions eyeshadow palettes, I think you will be very happy with the new WnW trios. The shimmers in these trios are at the same level of quality as the U.E. palettes but, in my opinion, the staying power is even better. Also, the brown crease shade in Sweet as Candy is worth the price of the entire trio. It is an incredibly versatile shade that applies like a dream and can be worn in a zillion different ways. I HIGHLY recommend Sweet as Candy if you're a medium-brown eyeshadow lover like myself.
I believe that to some people who later heard the story, she may have been perceived as a totally irresponsible person for letting a toddler get into such a predicament and not properly watching him while doing her job. Yet to others, she may have been viewed as a hero for acting so wisely in saving my life.
As you may know, I started a new job at the beginning of March. It involves a long commute when I am “in the office” and then there is also quite a bit of traveling, overnight traveling around the state. Last week I was in Portland M-Th and then Friday I was briefly in the office for two hours where I gathered all the material I would need for this coming week’s training.
Two days after my last bout of major depression my Sunday Class teacher emailed me (completely unaware of my struggles-nice work, God) and invited me to partake in an afternoon of fighting for my spiritual freedom. That certainly sounded like something I needed. I agreed and we set a date, April 29th.
~ We planted peas, lettuce and radishes. They are coming up and I am excited that we might actually be able to eat something before the date that we usually even plant a garden (June 1st). I also planted a bunch of day lily plants which I got from a friend and I am happy to have them growing here now. They might start showing up in some of our meals this summer.
5. I am 5ft 6" with size 5.5 feet.
