Lighten your load by giving away items that you don’t necessarily need. Want—perhaps, but need—no. Having less stuff makes cleaning and organization easier and there’s far less dusting to do!
But now. Fast forward to last night, and the cats were behaving slightly strangely again. But then, they are slightly strange, so we basically just ignored them. And then I saw a small furry thing streak across the floor, closely followed by a rotund cat.
Games are often about fulfilling power fantasies, so we tend to start off at least a little heroic and get even more heroic as we go. This can erode the challenge, so we usually increase the opposition (in numbers, in strength, or both) to match. This leads to an "arms race" that turns a lot of survival horror into yet-another-run-and-gun. We're no longer truly fighting to survive; it's just monster hunting, which isn't scary. When we remove the survival, we undermine the horror. I should probably provide this caveat, by way of an explanation: I'm not exactly a zombie partisan - although, come to think of it, I realize I have seen a great deal of zombie movies, most of them are bad enough that I don't think I could really consider myself a "fan." There have been far more terrible zombie movies than good, and the best of recent vintage have been spoofs (Shaun of the Dead, the underrated Zombieland).
Do you know how many designs I have sketched and planned right now? Over 700. I could easily come up with another 1000 if I had a month to focus entirely on designing. New designs aren't my focus right now, but it's always a possibility.
The Session: Self-Promotion: Be your own C.E.O. Bloggers will learn how to start, manage, and build their own company.
But moving out from Earth, you have probably seen one of the devices pictured here, at least on TV. It's a tricorder, and it was a staple of the Star Trek universe from the original series right through The Next Generation, Deep Space 9, and the rest. It was used by Spock, Sulu, Geordi, Data, and the rest, including a good number of redshirts, A truly remarkable instrument, it could do pretty much anything the plot required: It could measure the atmosphere of a new planet, show composition of rocks, and far more. In Sick Bay it could be used to identify diseases and examine injuries.
Oh on Wednesday, it was really warm, but extremely windy out. So windy in fact, that one of the shutters on my dorm blew off. I avoided that area as much as possible the rest of the day because I didn’t want to get hit in the face with the other shutter that was kinda blowing in the wind. It’s not that I got hit with the first one, but I did see it laying on the ground and it worried me a tad bit.
Meanwhile, I'll try out the elliptical machine at the gym at work tomorrow. And a low-key martial arts class Friday. Sensei said he would give me a workout that kept my knee safe.
Bersih 3.0 is not the first and will not be the last of Malaysia’s never-ending roll out of political conspiracies and corruption debacles.
Ultimately, a mixture of evolutionary and cognitive science will be able to explain the entire range of human striving in terms of sublimation of our need to sustain and reproduce ourselves. The important thing, however, is not that our lives permit reduction into such terms so much as that our values, desires and subjective identities take the qualitative forms they do. Part of the advantages of an aesthetic account of music such as Rousseau's is that the value of music can be related not to our animal nature, but to the entire history of subjectivity. Music affects us so strongly, in other words, because it quite literally lends form to our lived experience, answering to our desires in their most sublimated, socialised state, while seeking out our most visceral, primordial responses.
- What is the 1 key message? (Widgets improve your life)
What if none of this works? The kneeling and breathing and the cold paper towel on the back of my neck? What if the nurse finishes and I'm in here unconscious, my tongue hanging out and my skirt tangled up around my waist?
The last couple of weeks, I been wanting to change things up in my home. I got into a rut and I have not changed much around here in almost two years, not good!
And it looks like this, there are so many variations on this idea, with as many scrapbook paper designs out there, you can match this to any decor! I think I have made one for everyone in my family ;)
His evangelism could commence for he had their rapt attention. Would he allow nerves to get the best of him and hold his peace? No, not after he had fervently prayed for this for so long. It was God’s work and not his own. But there could be a violent reaction. Do you not remember his words of Acts 20:24? “But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself.”
Oh, I’ve grown as shiftless as Little Boy Blue,
Either way I really don't care or pay attention to these things, I wear whatever takes my fancy when I get up in the morning. And if you need cheering up, try orange!
I've been bitten by the EABA bug! This is a game system that I've come across several times in the past, but for whatever reason wasn't ready to immerse myself into it. Until now.
For someone who can't really walk yet, you're incredibly self-assured in your movements. Given a helping hand, you'll quite literally take off running. I don't think you quite realize that you can't do it on your own yet. In the meantime, you "real" crawl all the time now and have been since just days after you turned nine months. Your army crawling days are long gone. And you remain quite the daredevil, climbing everything you can, dropping down from the bed to the floor, trusting that it will somehow work out.
Publisher, "What shall we do now?"
Don't forget to leave us some comment love and spread the word about our Celebration week--there might be something lucky to give away for someone!
When you remove them from the oven, they’re initially going to be REALLY hot outside and EXTREMELY hot inside. Let them sit a few minutes before serving. Enjoy!
Think Carolers, Christmas trees, Stockings and you'll be on the right track.
It was such a fun day. Long and tiring, but oh-so-fun. I love days like this when the kids are just enjoying life and having such a great time! Good memories.
Bibliographic data: hardback, xiv + 300 pages. Price: $176. ISBN: 9789041138286. Rupture factor: low-ish. Book's website here.
Nicholas: Horse up high. Papa get it.
forming in the throat of the unheard
"AL Central Foes" Minnesota Twins & Detroit Tigers (SewingMachineGuy - Paid)
Netanyahu and Barak are messianists, and irrational? Well, then add Mofaz too, and 80% of the Knesset. Now the former security chiefs sound like sore losers.
My colleagues boyfriend probably knows never to propose to her – in fact i think what makes their relationship work is the knowledge that it’s not going any further. But there’s nothing more horrifying than being turned down, feel free to test the waters and broach the marriage subject several times to suss out your girlfriend thinks about you before you go crazy planning the best proposal. Some guys can be forgiven to think an amazing ring will confuse a woman into saying ‘yes’, even though it might, chances are the marriage won’t last – generally speaking divorces are more expensive than engagement rings – but some people get engagement rings on a payment plan, so it’s all relative… but still, shine your eye…if you’re not 100% sure she’s planning to spend the rest of her life with you, don’t do it.
Danny Collins completed his three month loan move to Ipswcih Town and next out on loan could be Danny Pugh to one of his former clubs Leeds Utd.
In thankfulness to our Great God, Nancy
Open Draw/Color/Paint
And so there you have the idea of the badness you have here in North American poster making, bless its untalented heart.
DELRAY BEACH — Detectives suspect a man with a violent past is involved in the murders of two children who were found folded into black bags and tossed into a canal near the city’s south side, police said this evening.
**Embroider hair, eyes & mouth**
Parts of those exclusive rights are to prepare the derivative work, to replicate such work in other copies, to disseminate the copies of the works to the public, to have the presentation of the work open to the public, to showoff the copyrighted piece of work in public, to utilize the digital audio transmission for sound recordings, the rights of integrity and attribution to the original authors of visual arts, and it is held illegal to mess up with any work that is protected by the copyright law.
insidious plots and endless intrigue, begins with Devil Anse Hatfield (Kevin Costner) and Randall McCoy (Bill Paxton). Close friends and comrades during the Civil War, they returned to their neighbouring homes — Hatfield in West Virginia, McCoy just across the Tug River border in Kentucky — to increasing tensions, misunderstandings and resentments that soon exploded into all-out warfare between the two
Whilst reading, I came across a little snippet that made me grin. The essay is about the relationship between humans and other animals, and the particular issue being focused on in the book I was reading was the way in which, in Western society, we’re fine with eating pigs and cows and chickens that are basically raised in boxes and forced to live short, miserable and unnatural lives, whilst we pamper and spoil our house pets and would be shocked and appalled if anyone suggested cooking up Fido/Cap’n Whiskers (definitely want a cat with that name, now) in a casserole. Pearls of wisdom from James Serpell (1996; 18-19):
+Fragmented: Social networks in LatAm are fragmented and varied by each country - no dominant leader
The show aired live at 2 pm on Tuesday, 17 April, Kuala Lumpur time. But you can listen to it here at any time, forever after. If you get a chance, let me know what you thought. It's so hard to know what it sounds like when you're in the middle of it.
Will they forget all about you?
Did you know, if you take the Trans-Canada Highway, you can go nowhere and get there really fast? It’s true.
(6) The prevalent theory now is that most (if not all) of the poems in the psalmbook were used in ceremonies at the Second Temple—sung or chanted with musical accompaniment at carious points in the ritual.
lemon tarts (our lemon tree is overflowing)
Eternally grateful. You cant posibly understand just how precious much your love means to me. You are so much more than my husband. You are my best friend. You are the amazing father of our children. You are my lover. You are my support system. You are my partner. You are all MINE.
Srila Prabhupada went to USA and voluntered to help all the fallen souls in helping them diminish their past sinful activities
I once went on a man date with a bloke from a football forum I go on. We arranged to meet up for a drink before the game, and, as I had never met this bloke before, I was actually pretty nervous. I kept on having random thoughts running through my head. Will we run out of things to talk about? What if he thinks I’m a dick? Will he think my hair looks pretty?
Now, for our annual tips for maximum enjoyment:
The story and photos in Utusan are of a kind that would make a cultured Malay person blush and avert his eyes. But Umno since the days of tough guy Mahathir Mohamad have a tough new culture.
Though the erotic horror pulps were made in Italy, there were companies such as Elvifrance publishing translated versions for other European countries. So I'm including some Spanish and French printings below.
“The organisation can articulate the needs of Dayaks as we lack in many critical fields like in economic and business, education, quality of life, health care, infra-structure etc.
Vinay: I applied to 16 colleges. I was rejected by 14 of them. I was accepted to my first choice and to my last choice. Being accepted to UC Berkley is a dream come true. UC Berkley only accepted 10% of applicants….71,000 students applied to that college!
1. There is an alternate universe filled with our missing socks and one legged doppelgangers.
I had never heard of Paul Parrish when I picked this LP up at the thrift shop for 99 cents. One reason I shop for records at the thrift shop is they are inexpensive enough that I can buy them just to see if I like them or not. If not, I donate them back to the store. Another reason is I'm cheap.
And why did they come here
So when we ended up sitting next to each other on the way home, we struck up a conversation. The usual thing about the reasons we had been travelling, the kind of work we each did etc. During this conversation we got to talking about writing and he told me how he had written a story when he was at school, the only fiction he can recall writing. He told me a little about the story and I was intrigued.
The exhibition is made up of fourteen rooms housing differing collections, each assigned to a different period of her work. I can’t help but imagine that this type of categorisation escapes some of the more elusive works she has made over the years. One room screens a film she made in the 60′s called Kusama’s Self Obliteration, which documents one of her many ‘happenings’ such as a love-in orgy among flower children and a trip to the park with a horse. Both happenings are attacked by Kusama with obsessive patterning- she applies small dots of colour to everything from the lake and leaves found in the park to the male members of those present at the orgy. Her final room is one of her many ‘Infinity Mirror Rooms’, this one being made especially for the exhibition, and is a sight to behold.
Along with our 2 younger daughters, we made our way there and we went to visit our late nephew’s grave first.
question a) what is wrong with this scenario?
He claimed to feel relieved when he once saw fake Hello Kitty products being sold in Hong Kong's Ladies Market:
Right! Holiday cards! You're so smart.
MAC Eye Shadow in Brule
punishment or physical abuse.”
In the name of my
If you find that you are the type who is easily confused or bewildered by exploring many paths or studying with many teachers, it may be wise to simplify your spiritual pursuits. Research and visit different meditation centers and teachers until you find a path that is spiritually satisfying for you, and then through study, practice, and contemplation, go deeply into the heart of that path.
I love pretty flower gardens, but I don't have the landscaper's aesthetic eye to make a dream garden....or even close. My flower's exist because I got tired of planting annuals and started buying some perennials here and there - never with much of a plan in mind. Just whatever I ran across at garden centers that caught my fancy at the time. It has been hit or miss - mostly misses, but every year they just keep coming back - just luck, not skill.
Well done, Sunderland, England and especially Amber.
You attract a like-minded partner. When you’re in the energy of self love and acceptance, it’s easy to magnetically attract a like-minded partner who not only loves himself/herself but is available, interested, and ready for healthy, happy, love. (Ladies, you cannot fake on this one! This is not the time to put on a fake ass smile and say “I’M HAPPY!” just to make the ball roll faster. We all know we have a lot of hang ups here and may have places in our lives where we are not happy. It is our own duties to find ways to fix these issues within ourselves…then we will be able to allow a good man in)
I prefer one space, but old habits die hard. I sometimes forget and add that extra space. That's where the Search and Replace feature comes in handy in my software program.
- I had this thought today that I would watch a movie while writing and doing other things on my computer… then I picked The Tree of Life and now I can’t look away. It almost reminds me more of an Iñárritu movie than a Terence Malick one. The imagery, the narrative nature, even the loud/quiet/loud sound dynamics. It’s beautiful to look at, if anything. And this isn’t a review, cause I’m in the middle of the damn thing. The shots of the Universe and volcanoes erupting and cellular structure are really fucking cool; reminds me a bit of 2001. Also, some of the most realistic portrayals of dinosaurs ever on film.
I have experience many attacks from satan and he’s even dumb enough to continue yesterday was the first time I experienced an attack on the level I could sense a tug of war going on around me… Satan is truly dumb because his, attack yesterday gave God, the opportunity for His, strength to shine through my weakness…
I disagree. The true centre of British politics is to the right of where the LibDems have traditionally pitched themselves. Not a lot to the right but enough to alienate many of the genuine leftists that liked the non-establishment / left wing combination. The reality is that the LibDems are now a party of government. They cannot be anti-establishment any more. So the leftists are left with Labour as a more attractive option.
Minimalist living is just about being smart about spending.
After lunch Mum, Dad, me and the kids went out to Springvale Homestead. Actually not much to see out there really. It's a nice looking old homestead and there are good information boards around the place but the building has been turned into a dodgy cafe, and the cafe was not even open?? Not sure what the go is with it but it really ruins the feel of the place.
The public prosecutor in this case is Advocate Sophie Giorgi, the defence counsellors are Advocate Jan Nkhahle and Mr. Lawrence Chabalala (sp?). Judge Hancke is assisted on the Bench by two Assessors,: Mr P Haasbroek and Mrs B Smal. Sentencing of the convicted gardener is expected shortly at the Welkom High Court. http://www.volksblad.com/Suid-Afrika/Nuus/Bejaarde-se-gebed-laaste-woorde-voor-dood-20100601
I really don’t think the Falcons are a contender, but they will win this division by default. Carolina’s defense still isn’t ready, the Saints don’t have coaches, and the Bucs still need help. I like getting Peter Konz in the draft, but the rest of the picks were just questionable.
You'll see the sun come shining through for you
hanging out with people...but I get overloaded if it's too much & demanding of my time.
To us, second place means you lost the race. We’re The Throwdown, and we’re so fantastico, we can do an over 700 word post on a fight with a fictitious teen show. Then again, we’re pros.
"Yeah yeah, fine. No problem."
I'd like to say a BIG thank you to my marker fairy god-mothers, Marianne, Nancy & Susan, for my lovely present.
1 march
I don't remember his name, but for the purpose of this post, I'll refer to him as "Dickwad the III."
But now fully awake, I went to the local coffee shop and grabbed a croissant and hot cocoa. I was aware that this was not my idea either, but as that was within the realm of what I would do were it my choice (and in fact had done so yesterday), I did it anyway.
For anyone who has read The Autobiography of Malcolm X, they may have some questions about the choices Lee makes. For example: Why does Malcolm's pilgrimage to Mecca, a pivotal chapter in the book, seem to take up so little screen time? When Malcolm announces how the trip changes him, the film audience isn't as clear on what caused the effect as a reader of the book is.
They will walk and not become weary. (Isaiah 40: 28-31)
He has already shown me His power. He has already made His presence known in these circumstances. My sister-in-law and her boyfriend have rededicated their lives to Christ and want to work toward having a family. That is a blessing. That is a victory. My other sister-in-law pointed out that this child made more of an impact on our sister in 29 days than any of us has made in years of relationship with her. This gift made her into the woman God intended her to be and she wants to be that woman, maybe unbeknownst to her, because that is God’s plan for her – the best plan for her. Not because of some societal norm, not because that’s what “good Christian women” do, but because this is where her life is supposed to turn. It’s fascinating. What an interesting God I love.
Pretty Nails with one of my cupcakes.^_^
The TAIL transaction was reported here last week and involved €20m of assets of Treasury Holdings being transferred to Messrs Ronan and Barrett for consideration that was deemed inappropriate by NAMA. Reading the NAMA affidavits last week, you might have difficulty reconciling the NAMA statements therein with the statement above from TCT that “NAMA’s requirements of Treasury Holdings in relation to TAIL were agreed unequivocally by Treasury Holdings”
1. Michael Johnson: Beer Spokesman. Did anyone else see the Coors Light Fastest Man in the World ads yesterday? We did. Someone at Coors must think its still 1996. Anyway, its always nice to see a Baylor alum representing The B, no matter what type of publicity it is, and regardless of what particular brand of right-wing sh*twater they are selling. From the article:
I think that the proposed policy is a positive development in many respects as it puts the burden more appropriately upon RHs rather than ISPs to provide reasonable evidence of copyright infringement, more clearly defines that burden, and also takes the power to disconnect a customer away from the ISP and gives it to an independent Tribunal.
I did fine the whole thing touching, in a heartbreaking sort of way, especially at how happy Sylvia seems when spending time with her neighbor compared to how stiff everything is when out with the teacher. But a 30 minute stretch in the middle where Sylvia and the teacher try painfully to have a conversation really took a lot out of me, often to the point where I found myself unable to concentrate. And while I did find some of it rather funny, (There is a scene at a Chinese restaurant where a waiter embarrasses the teacher that I couldn’t help but laugh at.) most of it was as the title describes – bleak. Still, I couldn’t help but feel an endless amount of sympathy for Sylvia as she continued to give and be loving of others while nothing went her way. 7.75/10
Comer, a Republican, said he’s been contacted by three “very legitimate industrial prospects” that would consider opening hemp production plants in Kentucky if the crop becomes legal to grow. One company wants to use hemp to make vehicle dashes, he said. Another wants to make ethanol, the other cosmetics out of hemp, he said.
You did miss out on a treat, though.
where we were…when
Deadline is 20th of september. -By then i hope i´ve found time to make some POP´s!
Other: Stampin' Sponges
Those Melvins - Elmer Season
A Crude Awakening: The Oil Crash 2006 Documentary Movie Watch Online Full Movie
But I know that, from here forward, I make it as a natural mother, tending to her children as mothers of all mammalian species are intended to do.
At quitting time the boss gathered all five groups together and began distributing their wages for the day. Shockingly, he began with those who were hired last—at 5:00 PM. Even more surprisingly, the boss handed these men a full day’s wage—a denarius. When those hired first saw this they expected to receive more. But, when they received a day’s wage they were outraged and grumbled against the owner of the vineyard.
So far I've framed these cute Suzy Ultman prints and Air France posters from a calendar, and made Nailhead Trim art out of Ikea frames and thumbtacks. It doesn't get much more frugal than that! Well I trumped it with this project...how's $1 sound?! All it takes is a picture frame from the Dollar Store, and a fabulous magazine ad!
So what happened to Jen? There are a number of theories about what causes schizoid personality disorder but unlike some of the other personality disorders the jury’s still out on this one. One thing that does keep cropping up is a family history of bi-polar disorder. So with half the book written I went back and grafted a mother into the picture. Up until this point all we know is that she died when Jen was a teenager. I’d mentioned cancer but all that changed. And her dad? Well I’d already painted him as a workaholic but I modified his character to make him a man who escaped into his work as opposed to a man whose job defined him. Again none of these decisions radically changed the story but it’s details like this that flesh out a character. And of course all these details are dribbled out over the course of the whole book; I hate long chunks to exposition and Star Trek is just awful when it comes to its information dumps.
God help me in the future.
. . . he gets hit by a car.
ORLANDO, Florida (Reuters) – A federal lawsuit against a Florida school district alleges two black women who scored well on an adult skills test in 2010 were accused of cheating because, they were told, “you people don’t score that high.”
When I was Chair of the Nashville Coalition Against Domestic Violence in Tennessee, we hosted a training where nationally renowned speaker Mark Wynn presented on the lethality of batterers to a room of detectives, attorneys and service providers. The room got very quiet when he showed a video of a batterer who opened fire at a court house after a domestic violence hearing, shooting at his wife, police officers and anyone that was around. We all worked at the court house on domestic violence cases and the individuals this man had gunned down could have been any one of us. This was an important reminder of the danger that an abuser poses not only to the victims and witnesses we worked with, but also to each of us.
Starring: Alexa Vega, Paul Sorvino and Anthony Stewart Head Director: Darren Lynn Bousman
Thinking back over my weekend, I realized how much amazing (and kind of unhealthy) food I ate. With friends in town and it being my birthday weekend, I didn’t show much restraint. Plus, running gives me good reason to take in a few more calories.
My desire is to have this verse as a reality in my life. Planted and connected right to the source of life – God. Not just occasionally but all the time.
Giving teachings without giving the context of awareness is like handing out salt and describing its taste. Salt needs liquid to dissolve and to be tasted and known. In the same way nondual teachings need to be dissolved in the context of awareness to be tasted and known. And we can tell which teachers are just teaching and which are teaching in a way such that the dissolution happens and we can taste and know what is being communicated.
He took my guilt on His own back yet I still hold it too
Row 16: Knit 1 stitch, purl across the row, knit last stitch.
Aloha! Wishing you all a wonderful Christmas, and a very Happy New Year! Hubby and
A pop quiz: What’s the largest U.S.-based international relief and development organization?
- So we've not actually used it since at least 1998 then?
Throughout the room, noticeable changes have been made to fully incorporate the theme. Children were quick to notice the changes... "Look, there's new books!" "Hey, what's that?" "It's a cocoon!" "Oooh, look!" "Look at the new fish tank!" "What's that thing?" "That a big net!"
The main Broadway representatives were Tim himself, Keith Smith, and referee Jim Harris. They laid out what Broadway has to offer: Exposure in a great wrestling market in front of good audiences, as well as T.V. time(via their local-access program) and a decent payday. Broadway is stepping up their schedule in a major way in September, so the roster will be expanding in the near future…September has the usual shows at South Broadway and East Carondelet as well as their debut in Hillsdale, MO and a return to Fairmont City. The injured A.J. Williams was also in attendance as well as Ace Hawkins.
But guess what: none of that ever happened. Concerns over not drawing a paycheck during my sabbatical and the profound negative impact that would have on my savings account coupled with my “what if I start something that sucks and/or I never finish” anxiety aborted this adventure before it’d even had a chance to begin. The desire for who I wanted to be and what I really wanted to do was simply no match for the forced practicality of my grown-up responsibilities.
22 The Sun Went Down Then I Felt Sad (response to a dare)
Heritage Cricut cart - cameo2 @ 3"
If you are reading this, and know of any other instances where Universities use and abuse writers, please let me know. Might as well make a list...with no names mentioned if you'd rather not.
1. Fill a highball glass with ice and squeeze in a wedge of grapefruit. Add vodka, elderflower cordial and apple juice and top with grapefruit juice. Stir well and serve.
As for the start, the BHA has managed to find all 40 riders guilty of offences there while enforcing no punishment. They excuse themselves from this by applying discretion:
Fuller disclaimer: while I am trying to wean myself completely from gluten, I still have glutinous products (pasta, tortillas, crackers) in my pantry, and I hate wasting food. Some of it I can-- and have-- donated, but I refuse to simply throw it out and you will occasionally see it pop up on this blog as and until I cook through it. I realize the lack of consistency and drawbacks to both of these disclaimers, but I believe in trade-offs more than I believe in denial.
SECTION 4. The amendment set out in Section 1 of this act becomes effective January 1, 2013.
Hips rolling out over chicas’ jeans and leery eyes.
As an added bonus, all these wonderful proposals are set to go into effect in 2013, after the election, which gives people the opportunity to participate in the mother of all selloffs of stocks, real estate, and bonds. That will do things to the markets reminiscent of the old limbo game - 'how low can you go?'
Rory Fast Facts
M-girl finished her Lego Friends tree house quickly. Then, almost as quickly, it fell down. Eventually she deigned to glance through the directions, and made some modifications to her design. She ended up with a solid, slightly customized, tree house.
How about make Banana Splits – that sounds pretty"good" to me and would seem very generous to our kids I think! :)
Jericho Road Pasadena can help! We have several excellent finance volunteers who can assess financial policies and procedures, bookkeeping, reporting, training staff and board to understand financial reports, and donor cultivation. If you know of a Pasadena-area nonprofit that would like to improve their financial understanding, contact the JRP Site Director at 626-319-6466 or mgoodyear@JerichoRoadProejct.org.
First class p&p within the UK: £2.00 for first item, 50p for each additional items.
There is a familiar feeling about the end of this season, not just in the inconsistencies of recent performances. Next year will be better. It will, Wojciech Szczesny says so,
The rest of FEBRUARY:
We are all aware of the Catholic Church sex abuse scandal. The number one reason that the scandal grew to the proportions that it did was that the Church decided to investigate the sex abuse claims themselves rather than report the alleged misdeeds to local law enforcement. Besides the apparent conflict of interest in investigating one of their own, the Catholic Church does not have the requisite expertise to handle such investigations; it is not in their DNA. By turning the Church into a private detective agency, a function it was wholly incapable of performing, untold hundreds or even thousands of children’s lives where ruined by sexual predators – a permanent stain on Christianity.
The rude owl cried like a tell-tale tit,
All right. Back to the move. I still have internet thanks to Newcastle Guy, and the person I spoke to today who's scheduling our pre-move survey was competent and friendly and had a voice like butter.
I pushed her off and jumped up. “I really don’t. I mean you look goo-. “
My only comfort, right now, is that I’m slightly above average. And, that is small comfort to a driven woman who is firmly convinced this is her vocation. I feel like many of my students as they opened their test booklets:
Ultimately, am I taking too much from the real world, and not making my world original enough? The thought haunts me. Tolkien is my role model as a worldbuilder and it's clear that he took his inspiration from northern mythology and literature. Yet he took it and somehow made it wholly his. I worry incessantly that I will fall miserably far of this ideal.
The murder of Hitler’s political opponents by the brown shirts; the murder of ordinary workers and their trade union leaders attempting to resist the rise of Fascism in Europe. The thousands of political prisoners in Germany and in pre-war Italy under Mussolini.
“It is also very hard, because I don’t want to be just some one-guy writing about art. I don’t want Art or Idiocy? to just be another blog of one blowhard’s opinions. That is why I do the TOP TEN. I want some fresh perspective. I want more of that. That’s something to work on for the future year. More involvement of others. Blogs are so individualized and websites are so impersonal. I want a middle ground. One person, some guest contributors and maybe an ad for Bruno Bischofberger or Larry Gagosian on the back cover.”
If we keep thinking positive, positive things will come our way - I have touched upon this subject before, but as of recently this is becoming the foundation to my thinking. My old reflections now viewed upon new windows make me see my life in a truly new light.
But sometimes it feels like you are somewhere near,
-I am preoccupied with __________.
I just couldn't say no to cowboys on bucking broncos. This is definitely becoming a dress. It is on the to sew list right just after I finish my Jakob Flannel.
Held captive
"Huntsman" he said - a sudden thrill
PS Startlingly,Noma(English meaning) is: 'a gangrenous disease caused by malnutrition'.
"Well I haven't, but what the feck do I care if ye believe me or not? I'm here for a reason and your big fight is tonight".
No no, Herr Kim and his mob weren't evil manipulative corrupt bastards like the suits at Sony, targeted instantly with silly trick-or-treat "denial of service" website attacks. No, no, Fuhrer Schmitz wasn't perceived as evil as the CEO of McDonalds, Burger King, Tesco, Wal-Mart or Nike or Coke or the other places nobody protests and everybody visits. No, let's all scapegoat the companies that we can rip off with anonymous downloading, and don't do any "occupy Wall Street" tactics in front of Burger King...even if the employees there barely get minimum wage while the CEO's make a bundle. Hacktivists who happily block a corporate website for daring to stand up for their legal rights, wouldn't even ring the doorbell of a Tesco exec and run.
it's a mystery
“Need a minute?” he heard the rock say.
When did you create your first comic?
Whether it's nature you love or the accounting jobs in italy are courses available throughout the accounting jobs in italy a good way. Italy is Rome and the accounting jobs in italy from Milan to Rome will be taking the accounting jobs in italy down the accounting jobs in italy to visit many parts of Italy differed greatly. In the accounting jobs in italy of Italy to rebuilt its economy and to later emerge once again as a perfect honeymoon destination as the accounting jobs in italy of Western civilization, Italy's cities and regions you visit and you will have been invested with the accounting jobs in italy, had all at various times waged wars and fought battles to lay claim to Italy's income.
*CERTAIN CONTENT THAT APPEARS ON THIS SITE COMES FROM AMAZON SERVICES LLC. THIS CONTENT IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR REMOVAL AT ANY TIME.
A couple things to remember:
Elijah Craig Whiskey. 18 year old single barrel. USA. $38 750ml. 90 proof. Smooth brown chocolate flavors. Some say there are hints of vanilla, but I couldn’t tell.
On Auckland Anniversary, they had a family day, at Walker Park Beach. I was there and I asked them what the game was that they were playing.
4.Don't You Go Under
In addition, photo of the day (Cambodia and Great Britain) is now that much simpler to find as it is now on the home page or at the top of each page in the menu bar as well. I’m not sure if people know this, but I created my own YouTube travel show called Traveling with Krushworth as well. Just another way to draw newcomers into my world of travel blogging.
Like the last time we had this talk
It's making me crazy... again... hopefully it will be fixed soon.
- Greg Cohen: basse
I tend to favour frontier stories first. That is the Canadian wilderness, authentic stories of the American frontier, and Civil War stories. Of course, the ones with a gay content take the head of the line in each category. However, I avoid erotica. Too often erotica takes the place of a plot, and the characters are merely marionettes being moved from
Which she actually did.
-to the outside again, Cody favoring his eye.
B. Consider building and investigating, Earth Fridges. Some are made like chest freezers that go into the ground, below your kitchen, some are stand up units, open right down to the ground and into the ground with wire baskets all the way up beyond your head level. They use ? induction? air flow to chill and cool.
And remember my tutorial are free to use as you like...
The second mode is the Southern plantation model, which spread due west from the tidewater country until it ran up against certain hard political realities we’ll discuss next week. The plantation model started out as a straightforward export economy, but found itself drawn into the orbit of the rising industrial system; cotton from Southern plantations was eagerly sought by the textile mills of the English Midlands, and the political economy of the cotton belt morphed into a pattern that ought to be profoundly familiar to Americans today, though it’s generally not: it’s the pattern found today in Third World nations under American or European domination, in which raw materials for industry overseas are produced under harsh conditions by a vast and impoverished labor force, while a small upper class is well rewarded for keeping the system running smoothly. That’s the Southern model, and it drives a very different mode of imperial expansion, in which arable land and cheap labor are the central targets of empire.
backward world,
–GREAT GRAY OWL, Wildcat Hills Road, N of Cochrane, Alan Cole
Together we can demand the borders to all of their nations and only their nations, be opened to millions of foreigners until they become a minority. We will encourage everyone to mix in until they disappear. We will call it “anti-racism” and “humanism” but just between you and me, the motivation is Hate.
Abba Father I love you
Nice and simple but I think Hubby will like it. I'm safe to publish his card on here early as he rarely looks at my blog !!
Solemnly, I dipped into my treasure. The prunes were so tender that the pits slid silkily from the flesh, and the flesh itself was almost cucumber green against the purple-turned-to-carbon- skins. They were tense and then yielding to the teeth, and they tasted of seasons turned, of nightfall. The flavour was as broad as a thumb, but bright too. Each small parcel had enfolded its sugars and its sunlight, and compressed them like coal. I brought the prunes back to the hotel and fed some to my new friends, and then watched as their faces registered the marvel: this is a prune?!
The play may not be everyone’s cup of tea especially for those who are touchy about indecent language and manners. Yet those very things are what make the play a satire. It is an inseparable part of the play. Knowing a little about the time and the literary techniques and customs will also help in further understanding the play. For eg, the dominant stock characters such as the fop, the rake, the wit etc that were usually used in the Restoration comedies, the predominant French influence(seen in ‘The Country Wife‘ as well in the many French words and the influence of Moliere), the importance of wit in the towns, the constant juxtaposition of town and country and the usual deriding of the country ways and manners etc.
I could have perhaps called it a granola cake - but the only granola ingredient it contains is the oats really. This has apple chunks, banana and peanut butter so is not exactly granolafied. It is also bound together with olive oil rather than syrup or honey.
Place the potatoes on a microwavabe dish. Put it in the microwave and cook on HIGH speed for 1 minute. Remove and place 1/2 slice cheese on each potato half. Pt it back in the microwave and cook on HIGH for 1-2 min. Serve Hot.
Here's where you come in. I need prayer. I need lots of it. I need an extra set of eyes in the Austell area. I need help. I need you to pray for peace, comfort, understanding, and perseverance. I REALLY want you to pray for the little guy, out on his own wandering around for his mommy. Every sighting has been someone saying they tried to get him and prevent him from running on the busy street but he looks scared and won't go to anyone. I am trying to make myself available, 14 hours a day but I don't know what else to do. Please pray for us. I really don't know what I would do if I never got to hug him and look into those sweet brown eyes again. He was supposed to be in our engagement photos, let's pray he still will...
"Because I wanted to hear what you had to say. But you can't do it without being condescending, so it's not worth listening to." He'd answered my question: did he have an argument it would be fun to puncture? No. It was all manipulation, and not very skilled manipulation at that. Too bad. I really could have used more--a really good verbal rant, there on the sidewalk, would have felt fabulous.
carefully inspects each, he is closely followed by his
Lifespan: 6-8 weeks.
TIGGER would be ecstatically happy about painting Easter eggs. You could have a go at painting an egg that looks like Tigger! First, use an orange watercolor crayon to paint the entire egg orange. While it dries, bounce around a bit – Tigger – style! Then draw in the tiger stripes with a steady hand and a black marker and fill them in with a black watercolor crayon. You can use a pink button for the nose and draw on eyebrows, eyes, mouth and whiskers with the black marker. Tigger-tastic!
Downhill side of the valley
Abella has nonetheless made a valiant, often revealing and original effort to uncover RAND’s internal struggles — not least of which involved the decision of analyst Daniel Ellsberg, in 1971, to leak the Department of Defense’s top secret history of the Vietnam War, known as The Pentagon Papers to Congress and the press. But Abella’s book is profoundly schizophrenic. On the one hand, the author is breathlessly captivated by RAND’s fast-talking economists, mathematicians, and thinkers-about-the-unthinkable; on the other hand, he agrees with Yale historian John Lewis Gaddis’s assessment in his book, The Cold War: A New History, that, in promoting the interests of the Air Force, RAND concocted an “unnecessary Cold War” that gave the dying Soviet empire an extra 30 years of life.
Rita: "Cool it, guys, it's just a cat."
2 innate
And now we're here. Random strangers stop us just to talk. Rock climbers let us walk on their tight ropes. Family visits. We got to go to a friends wedding.
I’m tired of being successful. I’m tired of working to pay for legal fees. I’m tired of fighting for equality, for my life. I’m tired of taking my parents phone calls, I’m tired of taking their shit, I’m tired of their threats. I’m tired of being positive. I’m tired of taking my medications. I am tired of waking up. I’m tired of court. I’m tired of being failed. I’m tired of a flawed system that perpetually protects perpetrators. I am tired of being a disappointment. I’m tired of not meeting everyone’s expectations. I am tired. Just too tired.
Many books have one or two animals as characters, but this book has many types of real-life animals in it - Frightful the falcon, Baron the weasel, ... In fact, most characters are animals, and they communicate in their own ways. There are a few random human visitors as well, but they're not nearly as interesting.
In "The Communist Manifesto," Karl Marx describes the process by which capitalism will be destroyed. It is called the socialist revolution.
You load sixteen tons and what do you get?
After the initial 'You're always fiddling and getting into trouble' comments, which are naturally bestowed upon the youngest, (and yes, I am proud of this trait), my dad did a Dad Thing, and missed part of the show, to rush downwards to the bottom of the tent, to carefully slide through a flap when nobody was looking, and search for my pen on the grass below. Which he found. Hurrah! Here ends the memory of my trip to the circus. What did I see? Dunno. But I got all the vitals there, I think you'll agree.
Marianne: I had the “Courtship” tea, which was delightful, very gingery and sweet, two potfuls, perfect for a cool fall day. My afternoon tea plate was delicious, the cranberry orange scone a bit dry but compensated for with truly awesome lemon curd. As you mentioned, I think they ought to spring for something other than plastic for the clotted cream & curd, odd to see a plastic cup with lid full of lemon curd on top of a doily-lined English China plate. The background music of romantic/classical music, piano-based, was not distracting and was relaxing. The service seemed very attentive. We were never without enough tea, which is key.
All in all, I had a swell time reading this masterpiece that deserves to be on the bookshelf next to Detective Conan. I guarantee that you will too.
I must hold this hope with steadfastness! It is the only thing that will never be taken from me someday- and even those things grow strangely dim when my eyes are fixed on Christ.
She was referring to two laws: one that would legalize the marriage of girls starting from the age of 14 and the other that permits a husband to have sex with his dead wife within the six hours following her death.
The same applies to running but most people forget that fact. A nice high cadence can really reduce the amount of resistance/friction. If you think about it, heel striking provides a lot of friction and time spent on the ground.
This discography, including his records only until 1993, is the most complete documentation on the recordings of the first Pieranunzi.
6) joss & main: ok, this one is a shameless plug for good things to come in 2012, but i was approached about it in 2011, so for me, i'm counting it as a 2011 highlight! we are delighted to announce on january 31st, 2012 (a little over 3 weeks from now) that we are having a maison21 curated sale on the joss & main site. the theme for our sale is black, white and BOLD, and essentially it is a curated selection on how to get the maison21 look: liberal use of black and white, paired with bold splashes of color and pattern; as well as touches of glimmering metallics, and the gleam of lucite and mirror- and a maybe little something for the furkids too. selections aren't finalized yet, but i'm excited by what we've put together so far, and i think y'all will like it too!
"Off the central Atlantic coast of France is the small island of Noirmoutier, known for its sandy beaches, dunes, salt marshes and woods. I've always been fascinated with Viking history and it is reported the first Viking raid on continental Europe was on this island in 799. I was on an assignment for Nikon to premier their new D800, a game-changing 36 mega pixel camera. I had been looking for the perfect landscape when I saw this group of old-growth Holm Oak trees. The branches seemed to reach out like the arthritic fingers of old Vikings trying to grasp the last glimmer of the soft afternoon light."
I would watch him tirelessly leading people to the truth of their desire.
(puzzled looks)
Every other actor has a "read off the cue cards" look in their eyes every minute they're onscreen, so it doesn't really matter if they do a good acting job or not - only that they die on cue. Even the cops on Fuad's case can't be said to emote more than Jack Webb or Harry Morgan... these guys must be working the swing shift.
Whose bright renown yet shineth clear, Verona men it name,
1 distance
In a wee change from my own musings on the blog, I've given over some space to a couple of guests who, over the course of two articles, will share with us their opinions of Scottish 'craft' brewers, BrewDog.
I could tell you of a young man
I happen to have the MOST amazing web guy EVER!!!!
Make these for your family on Halloween. They are insanely moist with a creamy heart and the lovely crunch of sugar and cinnamon on top.
Just a few issues with it:
"How so?"
I sincerely hope this guest post encourages you to think outside of the box when considering a palette for a nursery space. Ignore the message boards that say that dark nurseries are "depressing and understimulating" for babies (yes, I actually saw that online somewhere!) and go for something bold and dark when creating a spot for your chicken.
But really, I think he truly does love me. Which is a good thing since he's married to me.
While there are obviously many rules and expectations, you will not achieve greatness by taking the road most travelled.
The War Lord arrives with the biggest, fullest beard of all, and the War Chief and Security Chief tell him what has happened. The War Lord is played superbly by Phillip Madoc, who portrays him with such calmness, making him so truly terrifying that he doesn't need to shout or get angry to exert his power. A SIDRAT arrives inside the Chateaux and security forces and the Security Chief emerge and recapture the Doctor.
They are typically made using a 4.5 cm tall by 8" wide ring mold and acetate liner. The one you see above has two crisp layers of walnut meringue and is filled with alternating mounds of chocolate and vanilla mousse. This is the more simple style of entremet with no glazing and a very simple garnish.
Speaking of adorable, have I mentioned Vincent? He's absolutely amazing! He's everything you'd want in a boyfriend: sweet, protective, and caring. I love the interaction between the two. Even though it felt just a tiny bit rushed with hints of insta-love, their relationship is so cute and I'm hoping to see it develop into something even more greater!
2. States shall provide effective mechanisms for prevention of, and redress for:
21 “Not everyone who says to Me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but he who does the will of My Father who is in heaven will enter.
The next room was slightly smaller and contained the dangerous bread cutting machine and the feared bathroom. I’ll explain. Against one wall of this room, there was a bread cutting machine. You’ve probably seen them in your local grocery store, but when I was little, this machine terrified me, mainly because my mom would always warn me not to touch the bread machine because it would cut off my fingers. I don’t do well with quick moving, sharp machines to this day. My mother’s voice forever echoes in my mind…”Don’t cut off your fingers…”, “Don’t get hit by a car…,” “Don’t break your neck on the trampoline…,” “Don’t strangle yourself with the telephone cord..” Needless to say, I’m a very cautious person.
The top panel is kraft misted with Mister Huey's white mist. The heart is cut using Hero Arts frame cuts. The red heart is embossed with clear embossing on kraft then inked with Festive Berries distress ink. I cut the red heart out by hand so that it would be slightly smaller than frame in the top panel. The twine is natural button twine colored with a red copic to match.
I came away from there will my head full of great ideas. Whilst I can't quite yet relax, I am happy knowing that the staff at The Village are on-side and will do everything to make our volunteers’ weekend as comfortable as possible. Samaritan's Purse staff are also working hard on their seminars and sessions so that delegates can go back to their Regions in confidence – their heads bursting with new knowledge about SP & OCC having had a wonderful weekend of fabulous food, fellowship and friendship.
Date of Birth: 18 July 1982
Maris Otter is a 2 Row English barley cultivar developed in 1996 at Cambridge. Maris Otter Pale Malt makes up 80% of the malt bill. The base malt contributes the sugars that will be converted to alcohol by the yeast. The other 20% of the malt bill is Crystal Maris Otter. Crystal malt is barley that has been roasted with a special process that partially caramelizes the sugars in the grain. The sugars from this grain add flavor and color to the beer, but are not converted to alcohol by the yeast.
5. Eden Sank To Grief
One thing I did read which made me chuckle was a post by Simon Johnson about his bug bears of the social media and the online writing scene. It made me laugh because, not only do I agree with some of them, I also indulge in some of them. So tonight I'll give out a shout to Scooper by writing about a Rare Collaboration beer which looks totally AWESOME (yup, I love saying awesome, I bet this is pretty craft too...) ;)
The polarity of the extended uni-polar magnetic field in the solar polar region is known to reverse every 11 years, and the reversal occurs at around the maximum of solar activity, which is expected to take place at around 2013 May (NOAA ).
1. My apologies if this comes off as some privileged idiot figuring out something disadvantaged people have known about forever now that it’s inconveniencing me. Feel free to yell at me if I make you angry. Or reply politely. Either way is cool with me. Or do something completely different. Don’t let me box you in.
“Our concerns were ignored and we had to keep reading and repeating the same scripts about changes of address for polling stations made by Elections Canada.”
UPDATE (1): 22nd March 2012. NAMA has issued a statement in response to this morning’s judgment which says that it “notes the High Court decision to grant Treasury Holdings, at this first stage of the proceedings, leave on certain limited grounds to seek a judicial review of the Agency’s decision to appoint receivers to certain property assets owned by Treasury Holdings and a number of related companies” and a NAMA spokesman said: “The Agency appointed receivers to certain assets owned by Treasury Holdings and a number of related companies because we believe that this is the course of action that is most likely to deliver the best financial return for the taxpayer. The receivers will remain in place pending the outcome of the judicial review”.
After a very sleepy wake up this morning, we finally managed to get J dressed and downstairs. His mood was reasonable, his computer ready and waiting, toast on the go, nothing could go wrong….
We don't care bout no
It then appears that the original surgical procedure caused adhesions which had to be sorted out and then he started to develop fluid in his abdomen as well.
And yet, many of my photo friends are suffering from personal hardships. Over the last year, I know several artist friends who went on public assistance and food stamps. We don't hear those stories. These are hard working photographers including myself and yet, I still feel like there is this illusion that all is spotless and easy peasy for artists who even have a name in the business. What kind of message is this to show the aspiring young student or enthusiast who doesn't yet understand the sacrifices and endless work that goes into making a living as a photographer?
gone bankrupt and the Enchanted Isle was scrapped in 2004.
The rain fell. I rather oddly ate quiche for lunch. I never eat quiche, not through prejudice, but mostly because I do not much fancy it. I had a sudden seventies moment and had some. It rather reminded me why I don’t eat it very much. There’s nothing wrong with it, but there’s nothing hugely right with it either. If I were a whizz at pastry, I might make my own, but I’m mostly in ham sandwich territory just now, on account of the book.
This substitute works really well and certainly is more protein than the frozen paneer. Only thing one needs to remember is to strain out all the liquid from the tofu by first placing it on a colander and then on a kitchen towel.
We spent the next few days in Baton Rouge while he finished up some work, and I even went to work with him and helped him with a project that involved writing. You guys already know how I feel about doing that, so I won’t be redundant.
Afterwards, Rich and I went to his neighborhood farmers market. I was wandering around and discovered Missionary Chocolates. They were giving away free samples on just about everything! I ended up buying three truffles: meyer lemon, vanilla salted caramel, and ginger. They were fantastic! So damn good. I also picked up some golden raspberries. Mmm.
Neither of these women would understand—nor care to—my grab-and-go lifestyle of Lean Cuisine in the freezer. I don’t much like it, either, but what’s a single girl to do? I have MIL, who graces me with meatloaf and last night let me have the rest of her Stouffer’s lasagna, which was great! But she’s in the same boat—we just don’t cook anymore.
While these are basic resources that one can harness and do not necessarily make one a knowledgeable or experienced investor, they are a good place to start. Individuals should consult a financial adviser to understand one’s financial needs and priorities better, and leverage both institutional and online resources. By investing time and effort in the fundamentals of knowing oneself and the market better, one is a step closer to being ahead of the curve. — Today
But where to now?
There was a new radio station opening in London called Capital. The big cheese at Capital was Dear Dickie Attenborough. To commemorate the opening of the station Dear Dickie held a bow-tie reception and concert by none other than Yes keyboardist Rick Wakeman. We arrived at the Wembley Exhibition Centre in time to see Dear Dickie roll up in his Roller. It was such a special occasion and Rick didn’t let us or the occasion down as he played a selection of his hits from albums such as King Arthur and the Knights of The Round Table and Journey to the Centre of the Earth, real toe-tappers. He blew our young minds with his stagecraft wizardy. It was an excellent introduction into the world of excess that was prog. I recorded the show for posterity as the whole gig was broadcast on Capital.
All men know the difference between good and evil instinctively. A child knows it's wrong to steal a candy bar or hit a sibling. A business man knows it's wrong to lie to close the deal. A housewife knows it's wrong to gossip about a neighbor. Everyone is born with the light of Christ, or a conscience.
That never happened, though, and on New Year’s Eve, 1970, Paul McCartney moved to legally dissolve The Beatles.
Today was western day at my son's pre-school. My husband was home as well. Normally, I take advantage of that, and let Daddy take the little guy to school. (Daddy is gone a lot, so it's nice to let him have the time with the little guy, and it gives me a small break.) ....But, this morning, wearing his cowboy gear, he looked soooo cute, so I decided to ride along, and just soak in the moments. Our son is five, and it's going so fast!
Come down and join to be part of our troupe in The Manchester Day Parade on June 10th.
There are a few taboos in fiction writing, but you hear a lot about how you should avoid the dreaded Info-Dump (and adjectives. I hate them so much!)
Can you tell me about your new Purim book?
Israel just celebrated the 63rd anniversary of its founding. Successive American administrations have struggled and failed to secure any peace between it and its sworn enemies. The reason is simple and obvious. Only Egypt and Jordan negotiated peace treaties with Israel and then only after having been decisively defeated in war.
It’s my experience that this is not only shallow and semantic, but the philosophy is actively bad for long term health.
I bought my first treat of the day, ice cream, from a street vendor for twenty-five cents. It was coconut (or sweet milk) with layers of fruity jam. Then for lunch, I ducked into one of the food stalls set up on the street, pulling up a seat right next to an amused young mom and her son. I ordered the plate of the day and got fried chicken, rice, potatoes, and a beet salad. A glass of juice too but the juice here, if not fresh, is on a spectrum between Tang and Jello–not so great. But the meal itself was the best I’ve eaten yet and all for $1.
Love and Peace, Judy
More to come in a few days.
You have until 11:59PM Central Time Febuary 29th to add your link below.
Themes for the next few months:
From as far back as I can remember up until about 1980, Saturday mornings were always the same.
My son now chatters and sings sometimes when he senses tension. Or he runs around and acts all adorable, picking toys and giggling and saying incomplete sentences, hilarious things like, “I’m eating a zebra. Mommy you have a big bum. Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall and he fall! Ha ha ha!”. He’s like a little bear on a tricycle: look! Look! Look! I’m cute! I’m cute! he seems to be saying, his huge brown eyes waiting and hoping that we’ll get distracted and stop being upset.
So I decided to get a cup of coffee at the store and throw a splash of the Peppermint flavor into it. Imagine my surprise when regular customers stood there and watched me do this and all because they had never seen me drink a cup of coffee before. I make it known that I am an avid tea drinker. And yes, when I admit that I'm a tea drinker, I get a lot of teabagging jokes thrown my way.
whatever the morning has in store, it will be my 10th manhattan half marathon :D
And the story is excellent because it reminds all of us that believers are all around the world, and we all have much to give God thanks for. My copy was a gift from Allia Zobel Nolan in exchange for an honest review. I've enjoyed all of Allia's children's fiction and non-fiction, and I highly recommend "Thank You, God".
“Stay here,” Manny instructed the scout. “I’ll see if I can get you something to eat.”
a love and compassion
- Despite that, the song sounds like it would be amazing if played acoustic
One of the bulls stands in solitary splendor on his own little island in the bull paddock. He has some trees to stand under, some cows to talk to over the fence, and the corner of a shed to scratch on, so he is happy.
After Christmas, when they were a little cheaper, I picked up four Amaryllis bulbs. They came with pots and growing medium, which was a bonus. Near the end of January, I made a big deal of passing around the bulbs and discussing what might grow from them- nice practice in making predictions. Then the kiddos worked in small groups to follow directions and get them planted.
Warrior Food, Vegan Protein Ingredients
Next morning, I went to my house on my own. I was starting to open the door when, all of a sudden, my father opened the door very fast and then he closed it. He was very terrified and he told me:
But being stupid isn't the worst aspect of this film; I can forgive a certain level of stupid in a movie series that's evolving into a small-scale James Bond-type deal. The worst aspect of this film is that it never gets really exciting. It features some nice car chases, some okay fight scenes where Frank opens many cans of whoop-ass on hapless mooks, and a couple of cool action set-pieces, but the material that exists between them is poorly written. Not even Frank is very interesting in this film.
Her name, as revealed to me, is Teeah — although I’m not sure if that is her name, or the Tribe she was from. It doesn’t really matter, because she wants me to call her Teeah. Tee – ah, with the accent on both syllables.
It’s possible!
Dancer moms I enjoy spending time with.
Felt the same way
This has the exquisitely surreal effect of being able "to make roadside trees luminescent at night"—with the important caveat "that the technologies and bioluminescence efficiency need to be improved for the trees to replace street lights in the future." In other words, we're not quite there—but a deciduous splendor might illuminate streets near you, soon.
Cumin Powder - 1tsp
Years ago, on his “Bible Answer Man” program, I heard him talking to a grieving woman. Her infant niece had died and she wanted to know if the child would be in heaven. Camping, with absolutely no compassion or concern for this woman or child, told her bluntly that if God had pre-ordain­ed the child to be saved, it was in heaven. If not, it was in hell. The woman sobbed and Camping simply said, “Next caller.”
Sam Francis died in pain and penury in 2005, at 57, having been unable to make a living all those years. D’Souza and Pruden remain as conservative (and well-greased) beacons, misleading the unwary onto the final shoals of the West’s once-splendid voyage.
-Tank
I turn 54 tomorrow - I am quite excited about that number - not sure why, but i feel deep within my being that it will be a good year for me.
He was looking right at us!
This is the ultimate chocolate fudge cake for me: flourless, creamy, opulent and unapologetically chocolatey.
I spend all day, everyday with my kids. Well, when my son isn't in his half day pre-K class. We do a lot together. We play, we take photos, we shop, we take photos, we meet friends, we take photos. Our time is full so on Mother's Day, I'm going to do exactly what I want to do. I am leaving the house early and I'm coming home late. And I'm doing it alone.
“All animals, except man, know that the principle business of life is to enjoy it.” -Samuel Butler
The learned professor appears not to be aware of the latest on-line techniques. According to my friend Ms Tiny Temper, who is vainly searching for her Prince Charming on dating sites, a good many men have sent her photos of their todger. Fed up with being a magnet for flashers, she has taken measures to dissuade stray cocks from entering her hen house. I believe that most women share her distaste for men who expose themselves. It’s the sort of thing that might give a lady the vapours.
If you’re looking to speed up your weight loss results, then the solution may lay with boosting your metabolism levels. Usually people with low metabolism levels find it hard to lose the weight fast. Not only that, they’ll also suffer from low energy level and other health troubles.
Article 6 The technical norms such as the relevant national standards shall be observed in the investigation, monitoring and evaluation of the safety of places of origin of agricultural products.
Narrowing his eyes, DJ considered the reporter, “Navy man?”
Leaders’ Lack of Respect for Rule of Law Makes Us All Victims of 9/11 by Cynthia McKinney Three headed babies; “After Hiroshima And Nagasaki, There Was Fallujah.” Twenty-five West Virginia coal miners dead American Drug War: the last White hope HERE IS YOUR WAR????? Apricot Seeds Kill Cancer Cells without Side Effects Standing At Thermopylae: Greek Economic Situation Worsening Fast CNN vs Aljazeera Landing Page April 05, 2010 Americans:Apologetic,Submissive and Complicit
I came across this Pin on Pinterst to 101 Spring Freezer Meals. This site is full of recipes and lots of good tips for freezing meals, which I LOVE to do! I found the recipe while perusing the site. I came across this 10 Day Mini April Menu. This site is awesome in the fact that here is a mini menu made up. It has printable recipe cards, printable grocery list, printable instructions, printable labels for food that's going to be frozen. I mean, this makes it easy!
Notes 196 and 197 were transposed in this and the Hogarth Press edition,
Red Runner didn't stop, just took off into the still-dark early morning. I pulled over to inspect the damage to Seattle Mom's van and was relieved to find there wasn't any, just some dark paint smudged on the front and Red Runner's trim curled up like a handlebar mustache in the lower grill. I broke it off before driving home but in retrospect should have left it there because oh my gosh, so silly and curly! While inspecting the car, several kind Seattleites ran over and congratulated me on my cheetah-like reflexes.
"Whys that?" And now she's really pissed.
I have discovered that no one, not even the smartest man in the world, can avoid suffering. It is here, omnipresent, indifferent to intelligence, sincerity or faithfulness. Now the focus changes; I no longer hope to avoid suffering. I now must learn to use it to grow in grace. My character is defined by my response. Easily said; tough in application. I write this in a moment of test and ask your prayers.
Plan, plan, plan. Teachers will repeatedly tell you how important it is to plan your essays, and I can confirm that for me at least, it really helps. Spending time on the planning should make the actual essay-writing a LOT less stressful.
Steve Taylor is an author and teacher, whose main interests are psychology and spirituality. His new book, Waking From Sleep: Why Awakening Experiences Occur and How To Make them Permanent is published by Hay House. Eckhart Tolle has called it “One of the best books on spiritual awakening I have come across. An important contribution to the shift in consciousness taking place on our planet.”
Then comes one who cannot read,
this?”
She open Joon’s novel to begin reading it and it’s interesting that he starts it by stating that everyone has secrets. It’s the same thought Mi Roo had expressed earlier. He writes it from the point of view of the main character, Miss Jo, and she reads it all in one sitting. It prompts her to write up a proposal to publish the novel as a series.
Claudia Tergis
A.J. Abucay, a documentarian making a film about Inn’s life, said that the paper allowed Inn’s re-entry on the condition that he turn himself over to Homeland Security at Newark Airport’s Terminal B by the following month.
Me: I don’t know, ask God.
There is an undercurrent of censure of the embrace of Nazism and fanaticism that Grass felt swept the German population in this time:
I prayed silently the rest of the drive that God would place such a love in every heart that these kids came in contact with at our church...that in that sense...they were being introduced to their Father. Granny Gail got the ball rolling...now, the rest was up to us...the body of Christ!
look into each others eyes and smile,
Salvation! For many Catholic schools, caught in the vice-like grip of external secular pressures placed on the schools system as a whole, as well as the identity-amnesia that has gripped the Church more widely, evangelisation as warranting even a footnote on the mission statement is essentially alien. Understandably, schools have instead concentrated on the meat and drink of the education system – bums on seats and exam results. Holistic visions of a Catholic education, encompassing both organisational structure and pedagogy, are simply trumped by the reality and demands of the schools sector: the dilution of any distinctive ethos thereby brought about through a mixture of cultural change within and without the Church and simple, cold reaction to legislative demand. After all, with many schools no longer guaranteed the supply of Catholic children for which they were designed following the baby boom of the early sixties, so ‘the brand’ has had to adapt to new realities, which has included a new clientele for whom Catholicism is neither central nor necessarily relevant.
Hi everyone! Today I have a card to share that was published in Whimsy Stamps Inspirations Magazine Issue 7 (page 49). I made this for the "Three Companies Team-Up" feature, where Whimsy Stamps, Make It Crafty and Little Miss Muffet stamps came together to combine image stamps, background stamps, sentiment stamps and chipboard embellishments.
3 endow
That being said, let’s consider two popular “blood hymns” that seem to encourage people to celebrate Jesus’ death as much as, if not more than, Jesus’ resurrection.
c.learn from the community as well as from their interests
You will enjoy the feel of time slowing once you dock and hear new accents in Jersey and of course, be prepared for their "funny money" which, although equal in value to the Pound, some people inland may not be too happy to accept...
For comments or questions, contact me at:
Every plan this week reverts to Plan B, then C, and when Plan G evaporates in a puff of snow, you give up and watch afternoon TV.
I can’t go back to being silent.
Lisa laughs.
I produced a film called ‘Sawdust City’ which is currently on the festival circuit. Also, I just shot a new feature this summer. Hopefully it’ll be done in early 2012.
Friday the 13th is one reader's lucky day! On this second giveaway announcement of the week (these are kind of fun, y'all...I wish I could afford to do one every week!), I'll be announcing the winner of an ARC of Julianne Donaldson's debut novel Edenbrooke! The clean romance...the thrilling adventure...the smoldering hero!
Made the CANIDAE® Way with Superior Quality: No Corn, Wheat, Soy, Grain Fractions or Fillers and Naturally Preserved
Since I live in Florida, it's basically summer all year round, so a simple lace or sheer top with shorts is completely appropriate. Lacy dresses and shorts are great too! Wear a sheer blouse with a leather jacket to make the look edgy yet girly, and the same goes for lace! Adding one of these pieces to any outfit will definitely add a whimsical and girly touch. These pieces are completely affordable and can be easily found. I can't get enough of these two trends! What are your favorite looks for fall?
5. Tell them you have to wash your hair.
I turned towards the door and saw the 5-year-old boy crying, no, wailing, and holding his finger, which was dripping blood. I ran over to him, grabbed his good hand, and pulled him toward the sink to administer first aid. My friend stayed outside with the other kids.
Durango Brewing Durango Brewing Derail Ale
Protestant Western churches could lend some of their benevolent ecumenism and Biblical historicity to their Central and Eastern European brethren. But they should learn from the latter’s resilience, connection to the mystic chords of memory, centeredness on the home ethny, and an unabashed support for traditional, masculine values. It’s not in vain that the latest bridge in Slovakia is named after Chuck Norris, but Chuck’s home country can’t rename itself fast enough after Martin Luther King Jr. and Cesar Chavez, and soon enough, Harvey Milk, too. Western churches might learn as well that tolerance is not surrender, and compassion for the poor is meted out to individuals through the virtue of private charity, and not to social classes through the vileness of the Socialist state.
Obsession Now:
Have you ever wondered if you’re creative or not? Do you have that spark in you? Take my creativity test and you’ll know for sure.
They could also be engaging in branding, a well-known profit enhancer. Delis are everywhere, and variously look more or less appetizing, but the presence of this sign might announce a certain standard to those who shop at a store with an identical green sign out front. By branding the stores they bank with, Chase could be creating a recognizable emblem that attracts shoppers moving from neighborhood to neighborhood.
I haven't been able to write for...what...five months? Today I came to Starbucks to write a letter of recommendation for my friend who is applying to get into grad school for her MSW. I was able to get it done rather quickly, in about an hour with minimal distractions. There were just a couple of phone calls but no Nathan, no Sadie, no cleaning, no TV, no nothin'.
"watch out little wormies. watch out. i am riding in circles."
“Beautiful? You should have seen me when I was young. Then I was beautiful.”
Kim and I ran a warm-up mile. My knee felt fine. My hip flexor was feeling okay, too. A little tight but not painful. And the weather seemed to be holding out. Overcast and low 50s at the start. And not too breezy.
1 gore
Combine canola oil with vanilla, and add to dough. Add honey and stir to fully moisten and combine everything. Stir in chocolate chips.
Even when the spikes of my 4-inch high heels dug into the 12-foot bouncy castle, puncturing and causing it to deflate and trapping all the screaming and hysterical children in it for a few minutes. That is, until the attendants managed to untangle us all from the huge tarpaulin mess releasing the children to their frantic parents and guardians unharmed while sending me looks that could have shrunk the genitalia of an elephant.
If you are a conservative and you zig, the mainstream media will pronounce you a racist. But don’t you dare zag, either, or else the mainstream media will pronounce you a racist.
“Ok, you get yourself into a comfortable position, and I’ll be happy with that”
6) Using magic in a story makes writing stories easier. But, think your magic world through fully before you begin. This again refers to planning. Another good reason to make more of an effort to plan things out. Actually, I think I may have been told this before by Lee Weatherly at a previous SCBWI conference. Now all I got to do is put it into practice.
So, safety outfit it is - comfy pants, even comfier tank top and cardigan with a pair of basic black heels.
Cor 6:9 Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, 10 Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God. Rev 21:7 He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son. 8 But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.
Soooooo.... I loved it. I'm actually really sad that this particular copy isn't mine, because now I have to put it back. And if I buy a new copy for myself, it won't be THIS one, the one that blew me away, the one that I didn't ever want to end, the one that now has a little reading wear that's all MINE (my sister hasn't read it yet). Is that silly? Probably. Anyway, this is my second book ticked off the LXG challenge (the first was The Invisible Man) which I'm pleased about, AND it's my new favourite book of the year so far, AND it's really got me in the mood for more classics and literary fiction, which is always a good thing. I leave this epic meandering post a happy reader!
The Bakery boasts an enormous salad bar tucked in the rear, and it's nothing to turn your nose up at. Parsnip chips, buckwheat noodles, scrambled tofu, and macaroni and cheese are made with greenmarket ingredients, vibrantly colored and decadently dressed. But what's more decadent are the baked goods up front — pretzel croissants, lemon tarts, peanut butter cookies — and a vat of hot chocolate that is so thick, a mini-waterwheel device keeps it stirring so it doesn't coagulate into a solid block of chocolate.
Lizzie Davenport has been reincarnated from Regency Era, England ... but she doesn't know it yet.
DID YOU KNOW YOU COULD WIN OUR ENTIRE MARCH RELEASE? Have you checked out our Pinter-Inspiration Color Challenge? Just click HERE to find out how to play! You can also play in our Noon Time Challenges! Wednesday, we unveiled our Round and Round Challenge HERE. And, yesterday we shared the Front & Back Challenge HERE! Both are fast-paced noon time challenges that will give you yet one more chance to win our full March release! All challenges will close this Friday at 5 PM EST and winners will be announced Saturday in our Winner’s Circle blog post! So get those fingers inky and good luck!
10 The Fountain Of Salmacis (Sounds Of The Seventies, 09 January 1972)
Super 8 was a very charming, engaging, and entertaining film, and for some reason I think it would make a great anime. Not a long one, mind you; an 11-episode series in the Noitamina timeslot would suffice in building up and laying out the nicely self-contained story. There are a lot of subtle changes that would have to be made that wouldn’t affect that story in the least. To wit: JSDF instead of USAF; a rural Japanese town instead of a rural American one; a HDV camera instead of a Super 8.
However, if you order NOW
Photo: Posing with Mabuya!
Installing the quartz plugin
Thursday: System Software paper review
SOUTHERN COMFORT YA SAY!!! .....Theres NOT much comfort for the fellas in Walter Hill's criminally underated 1981 movie! In the 70's and 80's you'd have been forgiven for thinking that Walter Hill might have been the next Sam Peckinpah...his movies were never genre specific,he loved action and he liked a his cinematic carnage to be in your face! His early movies are totally amazing 'The Long Riders', 'The Driver', '48 Hours' and of course 'The Warriors'. Southern Comfort is fairly similar sorta storyline to The Warriors but instead of a gang of 1970's disco-ed up street urchins...who are'nt 'packin'... in Southern Comfort they are a section of 1980's part-time National Guard...who are'nt 'packin'. The action is moved from the streets of New York to The Louisiana swamp land.
I relate that In 1974, the 300 hundred of the world’s elite met as the Club of Rome, and presented regional economic government as the solution for the chaos that would come from deleveraging and disinvesting that comes with the failure of Mr Friedman’s Free to Choose dream. Their Clarion Call, has been heard by globalists such as Angela Merkel and Nicolas Sarkozy, who in their August 2011 Communique, called for a true European economic government.
However - they didn't pay for it with their refund like Melissa told me they did at the time. They had to take out a loan for 3 grand, and so he was overly stressed about the idea of adding another $1000 credit card bill when they couldn't pay their bills as it is. Now, that begs the question, "What the fuck did they do with the money from their refund?" $3000 is a lotta fucking chump change. And she had the nerve this summer to call me up and tell me her lawn mower was broken and they couldn't afford a new one, and to ask me if I'd come over to visit her and bring her Chipotle for lunch, my treat of course. Now look. If my sister called me up and said, "Hey Juice, can ya bring me some Chipotle for lunch?" I'd say, "I'll be right there, sister." Shit, if anyone of my bloggy friends did it, or my mother, or fuck, some random stranger off the street might have a better chance of getting a free lunch out of me than Melissa would these days.
Orders must be received or placed by: September 27, 2011
I have both crossed this road as a pedestrian (and nearly been hit), and driven this road (and nearly hit someone).
You be the judge.
The time had simply flown by! Once I'd come out of knitting and crochet world, I started to look around me. There were people of all ages sitting reading or talking (quietly of course!) or having a little snack (unheard of in my day...just not allowed!!) The sun was streaming through the windows and it was a real pleasure to just be able to sit there quietly, doing something you love.
#138: My legs (copyrighted to my mother) + tights + favourite heels + fluffy party dress = vavaVOOM. Just sayin.
He thought this was the funniest thing ever.
Have questions about illustrated publishing? Include them in the comments.
How do you feel in situations of enforced passivity?
Over the last 18 years of ministry I have seen the need for the church’s ministry to men. And… I’ve seen a lot of versions of what’s called, “Men’s Ministry” as an effort to meet those needs. Among these efforts are activities such as…
Then we come onto the piece online. It's got a byline, but I wonder if it hasn't just been recycled from some press release. From the headline suggesting brewers, having 'cashed in' on real ale (which brewers? How?), are now turning to 'lager', the hopeless paragraph containing a potted American brewing 'history' claiming that craft brewers owe their success to Prohibition (if Horst Dornbusch had written this, Ron Pattinson would be all over him), and the inexcusable confusing of ales as lagers (even setting out the full name of SNPA - a beer Tesco has listed for some years now, by the way - surely a clue in the name, lads?). And poor Iain Loe of Camra may have to wear a paper bag on his head for a few days after being quoted in this rubbish.
Do you want to?
That unorthodox suggestion was made by Judge Michael Urbanski during oral arguments over whether the display amounts to a governmental endorsement of religion, as alleged in a lawsuit filed by a student at Narrows High School.
Today's project is a journal and matching card that a friend asked me to make for her sister-in-law's 40th birthday. The request was for "girly, pretty, pink and green", so this is the finished product.
BF: I don’t know the details. I just heard that there were two helicopters, and there was a danger that they were going to use some kind of electromagnetic weapon against the ship.
"The Patents Act should provide that where there has been a change of ownership of a patent, or where an exclusive licence has been granted on a patent, no damages for infringement should be recoverable by the new owner or the exclusive licensee in respect of infringing acts committed during the period in which the change of ownership or grant of exclusive licence was not registered, unless registration was effected within six months of the change of ownership or grant of exclusive licence.…".Speaking for the entire court, Mummery LJ added:
5. The Wolfman
Love fate, says the Stoic. Greet each moment with joy, as a gift, because it could not have been otherwise. Even our own failings could not have been otherwise, all was meant to be this way. Even our own freedom was determined to be. Let us use it as best we can, even if this is an illusion. Let us live as virtuously as possible, and reduce our suffering and that of others.
This was very fun for me, getting back in the swing of things after our horrific move! And, just as a teaser, this is part of my story that started with "Iced." You can read my previous excerpts here, and here, and here.
It's pretty amazing to see where your food comes from. It inspires me to garden. To look at a plant and think "I am going to eat that. That is going to be inside me and help me grow. That beautiful, fresh thing that dirt, soil, and sunshine allowed to grow will have a similar effect on me."
I spent half the day cleaning. It feels good that now I did all this work and it’s off of my shoulders, so now I can catch up on Sourcefed, Crash Course, and SciShow for the rest of the day.
1 convenience
3. Increased Visibility of the New Arena.
However, Forest City Ratner's advertising and publicity campaigns are news-- remember front-page news in May 2006 (right) referring to Ratner's "latest propaganda"?--so the effort by the borough's leading developer to co-opt the Brooklyn Bridge in its advertisements should be worth comment.
This movie borders on being a bit of a chick flick, but I found it to be a really good movie nonetheless. It was well-written though it does seem to hate men, it was incredibly funny in parts, and the performances were all fantastic. I definitely recommend this movie to you, as a watch, rental, or purchase. I’ll probably purchase it myself at some point. Crazy, Stupid, Love gets “Seriously?! It’s like you’re Photoshopped!” out of “The perfect combination of sexy and cute.”
He had listened to me chat this for almost one year.
I am really starting to hate that hospital. They even sent me walking home with a fractured patella that they refused to do anything about. But that is another rant for another time.
the tune, then Jónsi start’s singing and a peaceful scene is set. “Heimur hljóðlátur,
We're writing to you today to ask you to show your support to the ME research via the Whittemore Peterson Institute.
She told us the fee total, processed our payment, and handed over several pieces of paper for us to take with us, including: the marriage license that needs to be signed to certify the wedding, an instruction page for us regarding the paperwork, an instruction page for our officiant regarding the paperwork, a novelty certificate (what? weird, right?), and a booklet that includes information pertinent to married people.
4. Tag six people at the end of your post.
For a chance to win a copy, just leave a comment on this post telling me a little about your dream trip--where would you like to wander and why? I'll choose a winner at random next Friday. Good luck! And check back soon for Daddy Likey updates!
Our first big project this year was re-edging the garden beds with river rock. I love it. We also carved out a new sitting area in the middle of the garden. Abby had trampled all the vegetation in this section of the garden so completely in her quest for squirrels that we decided to just give up trying to grow anything here. We mulched the area and added a scattering of big flagstones. With the fire pit and two new Adirondack chairs, it's a lovely spot for sitting.
TIP - Be very careful not to move the stamp on the vellum / tracing paper otherwise it will smear and smudge.
I love that in this recipe she offers the option of eating it straight from the pan or putting it in the oven topped with breadcrumbs for a casserole type dinner too. Great to have the flexibility! I always mix in green peas with it for an extra hit of veg and it makes it colourful and beautiful!
How does the Philippines and America fit into the situation? Well, first of all, America, I claim, has already been whacked with confusion and tremendous money (debt) problems by “a get-even god.” The Philippines have a different situation by which the rich get richer and the poor suffer more and more. God can’t save the day, nor the government, and/or the total society. If He has to whack the islands then it may be through “the burning” and the Arctic ice cap flooding the place. However a comprehension of these facts lets the cat out of the bag and gives the Philippines time to get their act together.
Visteon's UK business went into administration in 2009, leaving a £350m deficit in its pension scheme, claims Unite, which wants Ford to pay for the shortfall.
8/5 - Made a yeast starter using about a quart of wort (3 oz DME) in a growler.
However, the purpose of this post isn’t to discuss any deep and profound philosophies of drinking coffee, but rather to show you some photos of some of my favourite mugs from which I drink this life-saving liquid. It has occurred to me recently that I collect mugs (it takes me a while to realise I’ve started collecting something else, as I tend to collect collections of things), and this revelation was mostly caused due to a distinct lack of space in my kitchen cupboards. At any rate, I won’t show you all of them, but just a few of my favourites (and I’ll explain along the way why I like them so much).
This is my brewhouse. There are many like it, but this one is mine. My brewhouse is my best friend. It is my life. I must master it as I must master my life. My brewhouse, without me, is useless. Without my brewhouse, I am useless. I must brew better than my competitors who are trying to outsell me. I must brew before he outbrews me. I will hit our target O.G....
As she turned the page, Christina's eyes fixated on this picture of Jill, and she said, "That's the lady from the hospital. The one that held my hand and told me to keep breathing."
Our first course was Beef Carpaccio, which was served with parmesan, balsamic and micro rocket. It was tasty, but not outstanding, with the parmesan and balsamic being the highlight for me – the carpaccio unfortunately seemed a bit incidental! It was also cut into rather unnatural looking perfect circles, which made it look more like salami than beef, although aside from this the presentation was lovely. This course was accompanied by a glass of Polorous Sparkling, a pleasantly dry glass of fizz, which was an enjoyable start to the evening’s drinking.
Are there parts of your life you wish were easier?
The holiday season has come and gone way too quickly. Unfortunately, I didn't make many posts. The holidays are my favorite time of year, and this year I feel like it just flew by. But I would like to share a few pictures from Christmas and New Years.
Thankfully, this approach to history has been reexamined in recent decades. And the Brooklyn Historical Society (BHS) in particular seems to be enthusiastically embracing a more thoughtful and inclusive use of the collections in its care.
Tuesday, 19 July 2011
Archbishop Joseph, Chairman
create a pretty little ornament.
Glad you asked. First of all, get all those romantic wishy-washy writer dreams out of the way--or mostly out of the way for the purposes of this exercise. I know you're the one with the imagination and the ability to write but publishing is a business, so:
Bakkya is a Japanese restaurant where Akita’s local specialties are available: Next to it is Tazawako Beer Restaurant, where more western style dishes like sausages, stew, pasta and pizzas can be enjoyed.
We got on the Treadmill for a 2.5k run to see what it was like. As this was his first time using it he didn’t want to dive straight in. We started running, he in the mask and I just running normally and I have to say I was impressed. I knew that my breathing was off because I could hear his breathing at it was in perfect rhythm. After the 2.5k we stopped to evaluate the damage, and the shock was, there wasn’t any. It had worked perfectly, limiting the amount of oxygen enough that, although more tired as expected, it had just made the workout more effective.
Given the quite obvious disdain in which Dave holds the military, and the utter futility of the war in Afghanistan, where lives are being thrown away for absolutely no purpose – to say nothing of our hard-earned cash – he might consider following the example of the East End council.
5. FUN SALAD FIXIN’S
b) are whisked away to somewhere warm for an unexpected holiday (I myself have been no further than the Isle of Man in 2011 and even then I still kept my jeans on). I have not worn shorts since Mrs Steele's gym class in 1979.
Officially called the lunula, that little crescent at the base of the nail is where the nail matrix (the birthplace of new nail cells) lies. Normally the lunula is most prominent on the thumbs, and it gets progressively less visible on each finger as you move from thumb over to pinky. “It’s a normal variation to see more of it on some fingers than on others,” says Kleinsmith. “And whether it’s visible or not isn’t indicative of health.” A fun nail fact: the shape of the lunula determines the natural shape of the nail edge.
May it be filled with all the promise and dreams
Perhaps one of the greatest mysteries of those fandom days is how 4SJ managed to sneak him risqué magazine covers through the USPS censors! Hey, anything for the G. I. Josephs!
* Freezer/cupboard audit so I can ..
The only bummer part was it switched from vibrant to kinda dull within about a minute after we first saw it. Here are some pictures (and a short video) unfortunately after it had diminished a bit.
The tuna steak was seasoned with cumin, coriander and white pepper but on top of that I felt that sichuan peppers were also added for extra spiciness. The dish smell fragrant, which reminded me of ”roti prata with curry” . The tuna dish was a fusion of Western and Indian cuisine where strong herbs and spices were used .
The easiest analogy is Chronic Pain. We have all experienced aches and pains, but usually the body heals and eventually the pain goes away – or we have an operation, which removes or remedies the cause. But for people who have Chronic pain, it never goes away – it is always present.
We had our testing just a week or so ago. I did my testing early because the other boy who was sparring with me was unable to attend. So we did our testing in class and my mom didn't have her camera with her, so she didn't get to take any pictures. She's waiting on them to be sent to her, because T's family took some for her.
I need curtains because those big blank white squares of mini blinds are killing me!!! But I just have not found any premade that I like and I don't sew....I know...I know...what kind of woman am I. I cook...really well in fact...but I don't sew and I no longer feel any shame in it...LOL
Oh I KNOW I am going to need help with this. Unless I just want to cave and read a Nicholas Sparks book – please someone give me something less annoying to read.
I wasn't in a crocheting mood at the time, so I felt like I was kind of forcing myself to make them, which is never good. After making them I took a 2 month break from crocheting - it felt like really hard work.
Joan As Policewoman
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!!
March 1981/September 1981
but none would do. Not one or the other.
Sundown ya better take care
For Akian.
Coverlines The teasers that are meant to make you pick up a magazine: “Ten Days To Thinner Thighs!”
5. Volunteer more. I love to volunteer, but have found my lack of time, motivation, or a cause that is near and dear to me keeping me from doing it more often. So, I vow to find time, motivation, and a cause and get busy.
I choose to be in charge of my feelings, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
that sleeping and eating and exercise are important; more now than ever before.
He's played by the same guy who made Tark, and has an absurd INT score of 23 (21 plus a headband of intellect).
If you're looking to release some pent-up energy, you could pound on the stick of butter with a rolling pin until it is thin and let it stand for 20 minutes. But be prepared to explain what that pounding is to the rest of the household. I like to slice it, because you'll be adding the butter to the mixer in pieces anyway.
‘The political action committees of those institutions have distributed $169,499 through March 31 to the campaign coffers of the 10 freshman Tea Party-backed lawmakers on the House Financial Services Committee, according to an analysis of campaign finance disclosure records’.
The Utenzi verse form is Swahili in origin and usually describes heroic deeds. The name is taken from the Swahili word utendi, meaning act or deed, which itself is derived from the verb ku-tenda, to do.
We had such a great time! With sweat pants the official uniform of the weekend it was a very relaxing occasion. We had a small outing to Langley one afternoon for lunch. And another day Dayne, Jan & I went for a nice little hike on the beach and in the woods.
The six citizens volunteered to present legal arguments against an application for an injunction made by the City in early August to stop protests at the site of planned construction of the proposed expressway. They were among several hundred people who picketed the site and blocked construction vehicles on August 5, 6 and 7. The protestors believed that the City had not received the permits and approvals required to allow construction to begin. They also pointed out that nesting migratory birds on the site were protected from disturbance by federal law.
Once again Life is getting in the way of crafting and today is the first time I have managed a couple of hours in my 'little room'. I haven't actually made anything - but have finished off a couple of projects that had been sitting on my desk.
A concern held on here is that the auction is being conducted very quickly. According to the Independent again, it was only in the week before the application at the High Court on 8th February that potential bidders had been invited to participate in the auction on condition that they signed confidentiality agreements by 7th February, 2011. It seems that an electronic trading room was set up by the NTMA to facilitate the auction which is being held in private despite the leaks. Has the speed with which this auction has been conducted effectively excluded potential bidders and does the privacy of the auction where the process can’t be observed mean that public confidence suffers? I am reminded of the auction of the 3G spectrum in the UK in 2000 where some GBP £22.47bn (€ 26.5bn) was generated from the sale under the watchful eyes of TV cameras. All transparent and everyone seemed happy. Why the privacy and confidentiality in the sale of (our) deposit books? And if there is to be confidentiality how is it that certain media outlets can report details citing “sources”?
There are always many changes in my life, it seems as I make a new one another is about to rise up for the challenge. Opportunity. It’s a gift and boy is it so tiring, demanding and just plain hard. I find myself outside of my life looking down lately as if I’m not here as if I am a spectator watching it all unfold. Me, the ever emotional being I have been all these years, suddenly feel less and less. Everything is like another page, another stone to step on and I mostly feel like it’s neither okay, nor devastating. I barely feel at all.
Don’t be shy. Share your thoughts in the comment section, or join the original conversations via the links provided.
1 runny
This Government has been informed that a Jewish state has been proclaimed in Palestine, and recognition has been requested by the provisional government thereof.
“I got a parking pass for the train. I used to have to park in a remote lot and walk on the side of a busy road. Now I park steps from the train. It’s changed my life.”
Too early for summer.
* A mothers happiness is like a beacon, lighting up the future but reflected also on the past in the guise of fond memories. ~ Honore de Balzac
Call me antiquated but I grew up actively listening to first-hand accounts of the World War Two era from people who lived through the events leading up to the attack on Pearl Harbor, during the war, and as the dust settled with the defeat of Germany and Japan. I would be echoing very tired clichés saying that it was a horrific yet incredible time that saw both the absolute worst of the human species and our best as we sacrificed much to defeat fascism. The problems with clichés is that they are essentially true, while people all over the world gave everything to make the world a better, safer place it is the stories of those here in the United States that I know best.
I bet you are wondering now what it is….
Conclusion: An Englishman’s home is his castle, however humble.
Focus.
This past week I was inducted into the Nursing Honor Society, Sigma Theta Tau. I never thought I would join a sorority. It was such a fun and exciting night. Dan and I had such a fun time getting ready.
750ml brandy, neutral grain spirits, or vodka
So. Now that we have a big van with a lift, we really rely on the handicapped parking spaces. Thankfully, we don't have an 8ft ramp that requires one of the van accessible spaces, we can use just a "regular" handicapped parking space.
Her branches and bones revealed.
Is it just me, or do all the rest of you have a hard time getting in the Daily Five every day? I love the Daily Five routine, but after trying it out last year I had to tweak it to fit my teaching style and time constraints.
Today I'm thankful for our personal marriage retreat this week. I'm also thankful for the 7yrs of marriage we will celebrate on Monday. I'm so thankful that however it happened God put us together. I'm thankful that we take our marriage seriously and know that it takes work and aren't afraid to put the effort in. I'm thankful for a husband who loves me. I'm thankful for a husband who said as we were getting ready to come home last Thursday morning "this was the BEST PTA meeting EVER!" What a great way to look at it.
There’s a lot more than that appears to the eyes of students, here at South Lancaster Academy. Though some are easily fooled as to our classmates skills and hidden talents, I would like to bring forth one student in particular – Harrington Brown. This man is a very talented individual who is a Senior here at South Lancaster Academy.
Scarborough: why don’t Americans
You think you've wounded me
portrayed in such depth, and I highly recommend this DVD.
No. It’s absurd to say that Father sent the Son to deceive the Father – how could that even be possible? More to the point, the Father sent the Son to die in the place of the elect, so it was known to the Father all along.
4. April 25
Very few of the original ANZACs remain with us now. They were the young men – boys really – of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps who marched off to defend ‘the motherland’ at the beginning of the First World War, only to be pinned down on the cliffs of Gallipoli, pawns in a game of politics being conducted by London. It was a disastrous campaign, ending in massive casualties and ignominy, yet over the intervening decades, ANZAC has come to represent the maturation of the young nation of Australia (barely fifteen years old itself at the time), to the point that young people today see it as the first step in real independence from Great Briton. And there’s something to be said for that.
That your friends are reflections of the best parts of you. That you are more than the sum total of the things you know and how you react to them. That dancing is sometimes more important than listening to the music.
If you’re wondering what we need doing:
How have your makeup looks changed?
My mom was waiting for me at the finish and we quickly found Rachel and headed to to the Finish to wait for Ally. I was hurting. Worst than I ever had post-marathon. Those downhills really got the best of me and my legs were shot. When I saw Ally running towards us though, I didn't even think about jumping in with her until I took my first step running and realized just how much everything hurt. I wasn't about to voice any of that to Ally though and we finished together and gave each other a huge hug at the finish line. We had done it. We signed up for this marathon 6 months ago and trained hard through surgeries and theses, broken toes and upper respiratory infections, off days and on days and we did it. We both finished. It wasn't either of our best races, but it wasn't either of our worst races. We both worked so hard in Madrid and were both so unbelievably proud of ourselves and each other to have finished.
Jaxon and I just got back home from his first trip to Kansas City. He did such a great job on both airplane rides, only fussed a couple times while he was hungry. Each plane ride was, of course, completely full. The trip from San Diego to KC we lucked out and had the only open seat on the airplane next to us! When we landed Jaxon decided to spit up ALL over me, but I'm glad he waited until the last minute to do so so I wasn't sticky and gross for three hours. On the plane ride from KC to San Diego he did even better than the first time. It was another full flight and we had a nice older couple sitting next to us. They both told me how good he was during the flight and commented how cute and sweet he is (duh!). :)
We sat stock still, not moving and not speaking. Desperate attempts not to laugh caused many a lip to bleed that day.
Between these two dubious characters, The Freakin’ Green Elf Shorts would become stained beyond recognition. No scrubbing on my part could erase the stainage so I apologize to the next recipient who wins them after me.
“Would you love me, my dear, just a trifle?”
I was bored on Saturday and cajoled Anthony into going out. Before we did that, we decided to go eat. It’s not quite as easy as it could be to eat well and go out, but I knew it could be done. I really wasn’t feeling steak, though, so we decided to go to Taco Mac and get some hot wings.
The Incas arrived in 1470 and only co-governed for little over 60 years, but still their influence is felt in the square instead of round-shaped buildings, various Incan burial artefacts uncovered on the site and the fact that work on a second surrounding wall was abandoned.
I have become, first and foremost, a mother to my baby, but also a mother to a child with Down Syndrome - a professional researcher, a singing maniac, a physical therapist, a nutritionist, a Mozart enthusiast, an occupational therapist, a doctor, an advocate, a speech pathologist, an educator, a chemist, a massage therapist, and many more things to help this tiny life in my (no longer exercised from lifting a wine glass, nor tanned from golfing) arms take off and prosper. To help her lead her life, instead of having to always follow someone else.
“Where is the word of the Lord?
03. Wild Horses
Darkness. That was all I could see around me. Thick, pitch-black darkness. The kind that made your skin crawl with fear of what may be creeping up behind you. I was lying flat on my back with my arms at my sides. Beneath the bare skin of my arms and hands, I could feel something coarse and grainy. “Sand,” I thought. Why was I lying on my back in pitch-black darkness on sand? It felt so unreal. “This must be a dream,” I rationalized to myself. Realizing that my eyes were closed, I slowly opened them, terrified of what may swim into view the moment my eyelids had exposed them to my surroundings.
They just look up at You and say they believe...
josh’s father passed away. and josh sent around an email, “the bob club”.
I then called Dr. Utley the Library Director at A.I.C. and had a friendly and useful talk about Theodore Belsky's collection of tape recordings of prominent local citizens. The project was established in the 1970's and I stressed to him the importance of their preservation. Utley informed me that there are transcripts of some of the tapes that were done by students and that while Belsky is still in charge of the project the tapes themselves belong to the college. Dr. Utley told me he speaks often with Belsky and is carefully monitoring the collection, for which I praised him.
Day for an hour each time.
The Little Engine That (Almost) Could
Put that in the fridge till the chocolate hardens. The next steps were my favorite. I will definitely use this method whenever I make bars from now on.
Ah, the pig.
(The Deuce both drives me to drink and prevents me from doing it.)
We implore all people to stand with these characteristics – honor, courage and vigilance.
Also myself. Last spring I stupidly decided that I would never lose weight again and rid myself of most of my sweaters and tops that were too tight or too short or just not flattering on my more-rounded middle. All of which would fit me perfectly now. (Lesson learned--don't throw out your skinny clothes. Or your fat ones). And I had sworn at the end of last winter that I would get new boots this year, because, frankly, the old ones were a disgrace.
Increase Your Alcohol Awareness with
A lot of free services will charge you some amount of money if you are running a business using their free platform.
Pi (6144 Delmar Boulevard, 10935 Manchester Rd, 400 North Euclid Avenue) It’s crazy to think that only three years ago, there was only a single Pi. Within the next year or so, we’ll see another one in downtown St. Louis and even one in Washington DC. It’s one of the best pizzas in St. Louis and owner Chris Sommers has done a great job of making sure to keep some great beer on draught.
This document is for informational purposes only, and should not be considered medical advice for any individual patient. If you have questions please contact your medical provider.
We need to be tough.
June 6 transit of Venus (above) and Inferior Conjunction
**People who refuse to wear coats when it is zero or below and mumble "gee, I'm cold." REALLY?
A recent study of virtual schools in Pennsylvania conducted by the Center for Research on Education Outcomes at Stanford University revealed that students in online schools performed significantly worse than their traditional counterparts. Another study, from the University of Colorado in December 2010, found that only 30 percent of virtual schools run by for-profit organizations met the minimum progress standards outlined by No Child Left Behind, compared with 54.9 percent of brick-and-mortar schools. For White Hat Management, the politically connected Ohio for-profit operating both traditional and virtual charter schools, the success rate under NCLB was a mere 2 percent, while for schools run by K12 Inc., it was 25 percent. A major review by the Education Department found that policy reforms embracing online courses “lack scientific evidence” of their effectiveness.
It was a great swap idea...Lisa sent paper and embellishments to each participant, and we would make a card with what she sent and return them to her. There were 6 participants per round, but we only made 5 cards (we didn't receive our own back).
“In just a few years after Sept. 11,” she continues, “the history of what happened on that tragic day was rewritten in our school textbooks. Omitting this vital information, that jihad was the motivation for the attacks, makes it difficult, if not impossible, for today’s young teens, who don’t remember 9/11, to really understand what happened that day – and why.”
CB: “You can’t blame him for that, that show was over before he was even BORN.”
Next Robin took me to view the devastation of the Bastrop wildfires that were sparked from a blown down power wire from high winds onto land that had not seen rain for a very long time. To end our day we stopped in to a local thrift store...mine and Robin's favorite pastime..not so much Summer's but it will still a fun day for us all.
They have no zeal for selling. They tell us that today's human does not want to be sold to. As if any human ever did.
When you visit a city with many temples, the chances are that you will find a “shojin ryori”, vegetarian cuisine which developed in Japan after having been originally brought from China along with Buddhism. It is what Buddhist monks in Japan eat. My parents took all of us to the “Hachinoki Honten”, the original restaurant of “Hachinoki” in Kamakura. My mom, who is vegetarian, found out about this restaurant through her friend. Since I love vegetarian food, especially Japanese vegetarian meals, I enjoyed every bite of the course meal, but I am afraid that it was a bit too plain to the taste of my carnivorous husband. He didn’t complain a bit and ate most of it though. Kudos to him. If you would like to know more about this restaurant, please click here.
The sun is shining brighter and longer and the breeze is getting warmer! It truly is SPRING! Hopefully, this coming weekend will be full of some perfect and memorable days for you all.
“I wanted to say that I’m not sorry,” he blurts and then turns Todd swiftly and canters away. I don’t move. I can’t breathe. Henry and I are just friends. We always have been. Ever since I moved here we’ve been together, but it’s never been like that. I’ve never had a boyfriend, not that I didn’t want one. But I never thought of Henry in that way before. He’s too old for me. I’m just sixteen and he must be at least twenty-one. The age gap isn’t extreme, but I promised that I’d never marry anyone older than me. My father was twelve years older than my mother and I saw what that did to her. Not that I’ve ever thought I would marry. Mother always said I was an independent person. I didn’t want to need anyone or their help. So far it’s worked out. I’ve been helping Henry, not him helping me. At least, that’s what I tell myself.
If you check out her Press page, you will see that she has even been featured in several magazine and more. One visit to her blog and you will see why. It is visually appealing, full of great material, and she has a great writing style. I look forward to her posts.
The major language in Korea is Korean, with English taught widely in junior high and high school. Korea spends 4.2% of GDP on education, whereas Oman spends 3.9% of GDP. The major languages in Oman are Arabic (official), English, Baluchi, Urdu, and Indian dialects. The ethnic makeup of Oman is 72% Omanis and 28% expatriate workers and GCC (Gulf Corporation Council) nationals.
On that note i have to once again brave the cold to get the bumpkins from school urghhhh.
The Airy Poet. Even though this is a group ostensibly put together to talk about prose, this person comes and insists on reading you his/her latest poem. It usually has to do with finding one’s inner peace on a beach or among wise trees, the pathos of abandoned elderly people, the joy of one’s pet, or the aching glory of love. When they read your work they always gush unhelpfully with uncritical encouragement, because that’s what they want from you.
Chief Inspector - Usually two or three working on any borough. Would oversee “Response Teams” and / or “Police Neighbourhood Teams” or “CID / Investigations / Offender Management”.
Now I'm going to get tucked into my PJs as fast as I can, and see if I can't squeeze in enough time to watch the Downton Abbey Christmas Special! I've already been spoiled for it, but I still can't wait!
So, I hope I continue to love it so I can grow up and have skin as soft and youthful as my Nanny!
Printed on almost copy-paper-thin card stock (like the 1981 Donruss MLB cards), these cards both smell and feel uniquely glossy. They are also missing the usual trappings of movie tie-in cards, with no film facts on the back, nor snappy little comments on the action on the front; you know, something like, "Hairy Danger!"
We’ve also been having extreme weather patterns, record amounts of tornadoes, and the rapid melting of polar ice. I even saw a commercial with polar bears drinking Coca Cola. Even today’s music seems to be getting a little weird. I was watching MTV the other day, and saw a half-naked woman with gigantic shoulders called Lady Gaga singing,
Vietnamese of least three generations born since the war are now suffering from disabilities due to their parents’ exposure to Agent Orange or from direct exposure in the environment. The organization representing Vietnam’s victims, the Vietnam Association for Victims of Agent Orange/Dioxin, has set up some ‘peace villages’ to care for the severely disabled, but many more such facilities and services are needed. Dioxin residues in the soil, sediment, and food continue to poison many people in 28 “hot spots” in southern Vietnam.
Bapat is one of the associate scientists of the newly formed International Earthquake and Volcano Prediction Center (IEVPC) based in Orlando, Florida in the United States.
Tuxedo stripes are SO in and not just for summer weddings and not just for the boys!
There are only five sitting British National Party district councillors who are defending seats this year, so Hope Not Hate are able to easily swamp all five areas with their campaigns.
I've been retired for almost ten years. The time has practically flown by. Our lives have changed dramatically. I learned that I had no idea about retirement. Today, I'm sharing what I learned in the years I've been retired.
Barnabas Collins as Beetlejuice ?
Paul’s purpose – Summary:
+ Shop
This kind of praying doesn’t just depend on the length of
“Even though the entire world is aghast over the SC judgment against me, we have accepted it.
Golden triangle is one of the popular travel circuits in India. It covers three important destinations from North India as Delhi, Agra and Jaipur. Tourist will visit numbers of important heritage monuments and other popular tourist sites on their golden triangle trip. It will offer wonderful exposure of rich culture and heritage of the country.
004.102 YUSUFALI: When thou (O Messenger) art with them, and standest to lead them in prayer, Let one party of them stand up (in prayer) with thee, Taking their arms with them: When they finish their prostrations, let them Take their position in the rear. And let the other party come up which hath not yet prayed - and let them pray with thee, Taking all precaution, and bearing arms: the Unbelievers wish, if ye were negligent of your arms and your baggage, to assault you in a single rush. But there is no blame on you if ye put away your arms because of the inconvenience of rain or because ye are ill; but take (every) precaution for yourselves. For the Unbelievers Allah hath prepared a humiliating punishment.
Random Mormon coming for a friendly (previously announced) visit? Fine.
For today, I was working on a post about my recent visit to Blenheim Palace, but I’m now planning to post that tomorrow. Instead, I’ll leave you with a restful moment near Dolbadarn Castle in Llanberis, North Wales.
The consistency across the album is perfect, not one track dipping below the high level set with the opener. Songs like ‘Desperation’ with its commanding teasing groove, the strongly emotive ‘Til There’s Nothing Left’, and the album’s best track ‘Sinking’ all raise the bar with sounds and performance lined with fierce assertiveness and incisive delivery. The latter of the three unveils its kaleidoscope of inspired songwriting, intricate play, and diversity wonderfully, engaging forcibly as it permeates the senses. It is the strongest example of what the whole album achieves and which is bringing menacing and brutal sounds together with stirring harmonies and delicious melodies that enthuse as equally as the forthright and irrepressible riffs.
Well, life is underway.
Then there were the police officers we charmed out of giving us a ticket and convinced to take our picture in the backseat, behind the bars (they said they couldn't handcuff us even if it were for pretend lol). There was an epic kidnapping scheme involving a stuffed animal. We had shopping car races in parking lots, went swinging at the parks at two a.m. We camped out in our cars after concerts, spent New Years in New Orleans, and of course there was the epic Mud Fest of 1999 that involved rain and a massive mound of construction dirt.
A few years ago at Christmas, my father gifted us with one of those Casio player pianos. I found it here, so you can take a look. She’s been hammering on it since she could reach the keys. Now, at 5, I’m determined that she can start lessons as soon as she learns how to play scales. Darned if she hasn’t been practicing ALL morning.
Aaaaaand we were without it until yesterday night....
3) Meanwhile, make the seafood stock. Combine anchovies and shrimp in the water, bring to boil first, then simmer over low heat for 5 minutes. Let it cool and strain the stock. Reserve 1 cup.
Yes, yes I remember. But why must she remember? And why must she bring it up every few months? Grrreeeaaaat!
It’s that moment when you are standing alone at a party, or any event for that matter. As you stand there with your drink in your hand, pondering the events of the night and the people that complete them, you glance across the room. To your amazement you notice someone that immediately catches your eye. If you are a girl it’s a handsome man that takes your breath away and makes you weak in the knees. If you are a guy it is a girl so breathtakingly beautiful you can’t help but be drawn to her.
My heart aches in time with hers;
In fact, when the Showgirl and I were courting (why don't people court any more? It's such a dignified practice -- everyone's so busy trying to bed one another, no one has time to court anymore --- but I digress ..) .. where was I?" Oh yeah - when the Showgirl and I were courting, I would invite her over to my place and present a gourmet meal. She used to think I was a god in the kitchen until she discovered my little frozen secret. At first, she was unconvinced about the whole "do your weekly shopping in a store full of freezers" concept. But now she's a convert. Not least because when you have an 11-month old, every second not spent looking after your child or otherwise performing household tasks such as cooking, is time you could be spending in bed. Asleep, people, asleep.
Residents can explore, meet other Residents, socialize, participate in individual and group activities, create and trade items and services from one another. Second Life's virtual currency is the Linden Dollar (Linden, or L$) and is exchangeable for US Dollars in a marketplace consisting of Residents, Linden Lab and real life companies. Turnover averages US$2 million a day.
Blessings to you,
Jeezuz but I can camp it up with the best of 'em! Ya gets to a certain age and ya don'ts give a fuck no more!
19 I Am An Animal (2:48)
Even as a mother protects with her life
On Saturday, wife goes out to a friend's house. She gets back around midnight, and tells me "the (power) window won't close on the passenger side door". Well, I wasn't going to go out at midnight to try to fix it. We have already had trouble with these windows, and the drivers side doesn't work at all, but now the other window is stuck in the full down position. So the next day after church I get on the internet and start searching, and wouldn't you know, Chrysler has had window motor problems with their minivans for a long time as well. Indications are that it is a problem with the brushes in the motor, but of course you can't just buy the brushes, you have to buy the whole motor. But I also found out that if you hold the switch in the "up" position while slamming the door, the window will move. This did, in fact, work, and I was able to get the window up from the fully down and inside the door position to where I could pull it up and help the motor. Banging on the motor with the handle of a screwdriver helped as well, and I got the window up. So now the van is drivable in all weather conditions, not just when there is no rain in the forecast!
I left the house at 6:37am and arrived back home at 1:40pm. Only to almost literally throw clothes on the girls so they could hop in the van and go back with me by 2:00pm. M had to go do a side job, and there was a baby shower for a coworker at the branch. So the girls came with me. Oh, and I still hadn’t eaten my breakfast apple I took with me at 6:37am.
One can see why Grayling describes moral outrage as having as its primary purpose censorship.
Bread crumbs- for coating
“But if you like red…”
PS.....My uncles services are today at the Vets Memorial Building in Santa Rosa. My thoughts are with my family, and I wish I could be there to celebrate his life!
I loved the look of the flowers on the photo, so thought I'd start off by making a similar flower of my own. I was very brave ;-) and instead of throwing loads of flowers into the mix I managed to stick to using just one!
“Have a carrot,” said the mother bunny.
Oh, and DON'T forget...the Springfield Extravaganza (May 14-16) - we'll be set up in a new spot (just across from where we normally are) - spaces #621 and #634 . We'll also be joined by our friend, Ginny, and she's bringing some beautiful antiques to sell as well. She shops auctions and estates - and has a great eye for unique things! Please stop by and say hi, and check out all of our great finds (we've been like squirrels stashing things away all winter in our storage space...and, yes, we'll bring a few clocks too!). With more than 2000 vendors, this show is a must see!!!
I have a tutorial for this bracelet up on the GCD Studios blog. I made this for my sister for Mother's Day (sorry to ruin the surprise, Nae!) out of paper that I turned into beads. It was super easy and fast, so if you need a last-minute gift, give this one a try :).
Do you find yourself blocking
Throw ingredients in the crock pot for 2 hours on high. Shred chicken, and serve!
I have been weight conscious for the last 20+ years. I’ve had successful years, and I’ve had years where I pack on a few pounds. The last few have been in that later category. I’ve spent much of 2012 trying to figure out why that keeps happening.
2. Hill Country Fare split chicken breasts, $1/lb. at H-E-B (through 3/22/11)
And then I got lucky.
“The 32- acre state land at Batu Lintang was alienated to Naim Cendera at RM900 million. It could have cost much more. All these lands are paid in kind.
grow up?
‘You pay your money and get what goes with the service—no more and no less, mind. The bag goes with the gum. That’s the way it is around here. Now get lost and play.’
How to reconcile this then with the news this week that France is the world's second biggest per capita pizza consumer - just behind the United States and well ahead of Italy?
taste to speak of. I still have to find out whether this coffee is
The computer was set for 15 seconds and away it went clicking forward with mechanical mercilessness and I babbled incoherently trying to look at the audience and the screen at the same time. About the time this machine was done with me I realized there was a computer in front of me, so I could have looked with greater clarity at it and the audience simultaneously. Someone kept yelling for their friend Mike, but I didn’t see anyone respond. Duh?! They were yelling at me, the old fool, who let the mike get more than six inches from his face. That was sort of disconcerting because I could hear the loud speakers quite well.
So after a bit she asks me how much the TT is going to cost me.. I told her but thought .. let's get on with this thing...
"Now see here, Seven...." Riker starts to complain.
Coating: 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon
This week free gift is a Monster Blades battle pack…
5-5:45 Int/Adv Broadway Tap (Teen/Adult)
Sum up,
I also must add...old wool or cotton clothing can work just the same, be sure to overlap. Think about it....covering the ground with your fasvorite old sweater, the one that needs to be buried!!!! Give it a nice place to carry on in another useful way.
Sunderland have had relatively tight games so far under Martin O’Neill, with the exception of the 4-1 against Wigan but a few late goals put the gloss on that scoreline.
Paper: All CTMH-- Stella patterned paper, Colonial White and Kraft cardstock
Sorry, no video. Nothing personal and all that, but all the same… Primarily, I have internet here, and its a decent enough feed for most things. But trying to watch music videos on You Tube…you get my drift?
Highlanders and vikings meet with a thunderous clash! The Scots push back the norsemen but then become surrounded and are cut down. More vikings are following from behind.
New Year's Eve - Every year we go to the Greek club for their New Year's Eve Dance with my in-laws. It is a great night, and really family friendly with lots of organised children's activities. It's great to be able to have a bit of a dance, some food, a few drinks, and still be able to spend NYE with the kids. The evening is not super dressy (no ball gowns or cocktail dresses here!) so I went for a navy and white jersey dress with navy and white espadrille sandals. Ignore the necklace in the pic - after seeing the pic I realised the necklace didn't look great, so swapped it out for some chunky faux pearls which looked much better. I am in love with the dress! It was a super bargain at Myer's Stocktake Sale, but it is so flattering I would happily have paid full price for it. I love how the navy pattern lightens towards the bottom - it adds interest and the darker parts minimise my heavier parts.
Carried Orders Since before end of day 09/30/2010, still outstanding as of end of day 10/31/2010
When it arrived Molly also received a little letter with it from Peppa that I think she will treasure forever! The book itself is lovely, Molly was amazed that the book was all about her and we have read it over and over again. Molly has a pile of special books that she keeps under her bed, they are her favourite ones that she likes to read the most and she has placed her new Peppa Pig book to the top of the pile it must be good!
I had been looking in the below decks area for a furnace and steam engine to drive the equipment and gears in this massive mining equipment. The guide told me no, it was all run on electricity; that they actually ran power lines from Dawson City over the hill and down to the creek and when the dredge was working hard, the city would often experience brown-outs as the dredge put a drain on the city’s power.
As we walked out to the car, he was excited because he had saved some money. He wanted to make sure I knew that. This was coming from the man who is embarrassed because I never pay full price for anything. I am the queen of coupons, deals, and the like. I am not one of those people who buy hundreds of dollars of groceries and only pay a few dollars. But I am never pay full price for something if there is a discount to be had. He is embarrassed because I will often ask a cashier in a department store if there is a coupon they have that I can use on my purchase when I check out. He hates that I am not afraid to ask stores if they can do better than the posted sale on big ticket items, like our recent dishwasher.
“I would remind everyone that these men are entitled to a fair trial and should be regarded as innocent of these charges unless it is proven otherwise in court. The International Cricket Council tribunal is due to announce its decision tomorrow, but criminal proceedings are active now.
If you like mysteries and discovery,
- At intervals around the edges are what appear to be yellowed tape marks, perhaps also used for framing or mounting, but more recently than the trade label fragments. The serrated leading edges and residue are typical of those produced by sellotape.
My priority has to be writing my script for class. It needs about 11 more pages before it’s the length the teacher wants it to be, and it need to be rewritten or at least revised a good deal. And then there’s the other script, which is also a priority, because we only have until the end of April to finish it, unless we decided to drop Screnzy and just write it, but I think Screnzy is really good for us getting this thing written. We keep missing days, but the fact that it’s still April leads us back to it. We could still finish it on time!
This is surprising when you consider the lack of awareness that is shown by Students at The Student Room (http://www.thestudentroom.co.uk/showthread.php?t=1977382&p=37249533), which members such as snag prophet claim “its nonsense”. For Kicks concurs, “Like anything in the press blown out of proportion… hardly a student phenomenon.”
The UNESCO/COL OER Knowledge Cloud will greatly enhance research opportunities and access to knowledge and research on Open Educational Resources and related information by removing barriers, opening up scholarship and making research universally accessible.
12. White Denim – Shake Shake Shake
17 Gillian says thanks + crowd noise 1:00
Whilst writing his book The Fifth Man, Roland Perry interviewed scientists, politicians, businessmen and intelligence agents from the CIA, the KGB and British Intelligence.
Kyle Lang just got out of a marriage that lasted too goddamned long. He knew when he married her that he shouldn’t have. For the last few years, he’s been haunted by daydreams of the perfect feel of another man’s skin. The problem is, the bar scene isn’t working so well for him. When Kyle picks up Jesse, an eighteen-year-old illegal who turns tricks for cash, he finally finds something to scratch that desperate itch. For Jesse, who is only gay-for-pay to support his sister, it’s the first time he’s ever been aroused by another man’s touch. The consequences will change his whole world.
—Kate Douglas, author of Wolf Tales
I also came away full of admiration for:
Okay, here we go with another fashion hype that established itself down to the lowest level of retail. The pastel colour-mania slightly broke out last year and is slowly but surely reaching its climax - something I can just partially understand.
Rather, if you look below, there are countless people who are less fortunate than us. We have to be grateful for what we already have, don’t waste it, and do our best to help others.
But don’t forget that as long as God gives us life we will still be mothers and no matter how revolutionary you may be, we have the right to pull down your pants and give you a whipping at the first sign of disrespect.
2 small options:
I got as close as I could with my primitive camera, to take a shot of one of the lions.
I have been flitting between projects like a crazy butterfly recently. After finishing my sushi quilt early last week, I've been at a loose end. I had a few hours on Tuesday when my mum looked after my boys (who have had a week of school holidays) to sew and faffed around and got nothing achieved apart from sewing a few pieces to some random blocks. Then got pissed off with myself and grumped around for the rest of the day.
Bhang was used in pakodas, thandai etc.
Yet some small part of us keeps all the people that we have been, for they are all a part of making us who we are today. And our choices today will influence who we shall be tomorrow.
Leggings: Target
Each week I'll tell you which television comedy was the funniest that week. You know, in case you feel like waiting until Sunday night to have me pick the funniest 22 minutes of television programming from the previous week. I'm here to help you out.
a thing that I will not disturb. A peep
Finish off. Weave ends.
I'm no expert botanist or geneticist but to help make sense of it bear in mind that hops have male and female plants, only the cones from the females are used in brewing and each hop ‘varieties’ used in brewing is essentially a single female plant that has been cloned by vegetative reproduction. Males are of importance when making new ‘varieties’ though as sexual reproduction is used to make new plants. I hope this account is of interest:
The Aviation market is classified by the international authorities on the basis of annual revenues earned from operations. Operations are also divided into two major branches of passenger and cargo airlines. Airlines are classified as major, national and regional.
1. The first thing you want to do is calculate your BMR. Here’s a link to website that will do it for you but you can do the math by yourself using this formula:
I have to admit I hadn't thought about either one very much. I suppose I was thinking too much of what it would be like to be a
We spent again the whole day at school. In the evening we met up to go eating together.
Oh, was too busy reading Stefano Gabbanas tweets on Twitter.
Robert Gonzales (Percussion), Quinous Johnson (Drums), Tim Landers (Bass),
1 Tb skim milk
"Ever since I’ve known him, he has always tried to pretend he was someone he wasn’t."
Well, isn’t that convenient? B-
For all the foregoing, the Court denies the motion to disqualify Mr. Justice Padilla, and the motion to include the vote of the late Mr. Justice Perfecto in the decision of these cases. And it is the judgment of this Court to declare Executive Orders Nos. 225 and 226, null and void, with the dissent of Mr. Justice Bengzon, Mr. Justice Padilla and Mr. Justice Reyes, upon the grounds already stated in their respective opinions, and with Mr. Justice Torres abstaining.
My structure will now be known as, "La Maison des Grands Rêves", which translated means "The House of Great Dreams". For those of you who are fluent "French" speakers, I got this French phrasing from my friend in Paris. She offered a more "poetic" version which I thought great, but I decided on this simpler one. The only problem is that I cannot sort out how to put an "accent" above the first "e" in "Reves".
* While there is a reduction in overall patenting activity in the past two years, the use of law firms versus in-house attorneys for patent application preparation and prosecution did not change significantly from 2009.
1. Brownsville
This morning was supposed to be a lot of fun. We all woke up early to take a trip to Miami to see my husband’s family. It’s a 3 day weekend so we wanted to get an early start on Saturday morning so we could enjoy the afternoon in Miami. My husband got up and made coffee, I wrapped about 6 gifts that we’re bringing and Jeremy started pulling out clothes and toys he wanted to bring.
At some point I’ll address the latest iteration of this stranger-danger obsession of ours: A recent magazine show featuring a creepy ice cream man trying to lure children into his clutches. The idea that there are any non-psychopathic ice cream men in America is becoming increasingly hard to grasp.
In 1990, New Zealand was teetering towards economic recession. But the Labour Cabinet kept claiming right up to election day that the Government’s accounts were in surplus.
Magnetic Fields - 69 Love Songs Vol. 1 - 1999
There are certain souls who are on the payroll of the Illuminati to go onto many spiritual websites and cause discontent, and when one finds oneself interacting with such a soul who seems so very angry and who they feel may be one of those who are paid to give disinformation, simply give this soul Love and respect for indeed, a small fraction of the souls putting out the propaganda on the internet are being paid to do so and so very many souls who are doing so honestly believe in the propaganda they are giving out and honestly believe in the need to question and use their own beautiful sense of discernment, which should never be looked down upon or chastised.
I went to the zoo a week ago and was fascinated with the sounds around me. I found myself closing my eyes every now and then to drink deeply from the well of my hearing and listen to the many noises in this fascinating place. Children laughing, mothers scolding, fathers teaching, birds tweeting, apes yelping, and water rushing; these sounds and more were what I experienced My whole body listened fervently, and although I felt silly for often falling behind or running ahead of my friends, I also knew something remarkable was happening to my ability to listen.
The Great Gatsby is a short book that packs a punch! I remember reading it twice in one week the first time I got my hands on it. I then read it again a few months later and herein began the ritual.
In America & Europe, we’re told “we’re all from Africa” so we have to set aside our ethnic interests to not offend our Black “cousins.”
Wealth attraction precisely what aging comfortably their own rare container.
5) wrap mixture with food cling and refrigerate till chill and not sticky.
- Kaylee
46. All babies are colour-blind when they are born.
I would define the difference between my position, as a Zionist, and a religious Zionist, as a religious Zionist believing that the State of Israel is the beginning of redemption, seeing that this is a Divine Plan, or something the like. In that sense the State of Israel, while not being the Land of Israel (Medinat Yisrael vs. Eretz Yisrael), is inheriting some kind of divinity. That is, as a Jew you are supposed to be loyal to it.
Sweater: Target
** A type of sea salt; available at some supermarkets and at specialty foods stores.
I wanted to share my memories of my great internet
"They then take out insurance policies in that person's name, making themselves the beneficiaries. They use either their own or false IDs to do so. First they take out a funeral policy because that pays out within 24 hours and can be taken out over the telephone in a 10-minute phone call. The policy is for about R10 000 or R15 000," he said.
GO FISH GO MARLINS
Today as I was at a restaurant, I happened to observe some wait-staff working on lunch-hour turnover. Necessary job, most definitely, to clean the tables quickly and usher in new customers. But as I looked, I started to wonder why some customers had to make such a ferocious mess of their tables. I was appalled by the filth at a nearby table – food scraps scattered all over the table, drinks spilled across the seats, balls of rolled-up serviettes strewn around. You just made someone’s job so undesirably tough because of your uncivil behaviour.
"Take heed to yourselves. If your brother sins against you, rebuke him; and if he repents, forgive him. And if he sins against you seven times in a day, and seven times in a day returns to you, saying, 'I repent,' you shall forgive him."
Yesterday nine men, all but one originally from Pakistan, were facing lengthy jail terms after being convicted of a string of offences, ranging from rape to sex trafficking.
The book was published and sold millions of copies all around the world. My best writing comes when I give up control of the results and begin to see my books as God’s books.
but i can recall glimpses
Apart from photos in my own collection, other images were located all over the world. Some came from collections, but most came from people who had met or seen Gable themselves or someone in their family had a connection with him. The section of the book that developed a life of its own was Fast Life, about his cars and motorcycles. I was just going to put in a couple of car photos in another section but to my surprise I eventually discovered that most of his cars were still around, and I confess to becoming just a tad obsessed with finding photos of them. No-one had tracked them down before, so I thought it would not only be a fascinating section in the book but also provide some original research.
Take care my friends and have a blessed and relaxing evening.
Our prize this fortnight is from our main sponsor, the ever generous Steph at Simon Says Stamp and she is offering our lucky winner a $15 voucher to spend in the shop, so definitely worth joining in for.
This paradox does not end with students who drop out. Companies complain that the university graduates they receive are not of the highest quality. Reports like the one carried out by Hanlie Griesel and Ben Parker, "Graduate Attributes", lament that students coming out of universities are unable to cope with the demands of industry. They begrudge the fact they have to spend additional resources to re- skill their new recruits.
So, without fighting he inspired the kings (who were creatures that burdened the earth by hording powerful armies) to hate and kill each other, just like fire in the bamboo.
Bersih is targeting a total crowd size of 500,000. The Duduk dan Bantah rally will also be held across the nation and in 71 cities in 29 countries.
Environmental goal: Success! I recycle all of my soda cans and bottles now, and most of my soup/veggie cans. It’s easy once you get into the habit. I encourage everyone to recycle something on a regular basis.
The past 6 weeks I've been washing my hair with a solution of 1TBS of bicarbonate of soda mixed in one cup of water. I then use 1TBS of apple cider vinegar diluted in one cup of water for a finishing rinse. That's It. Once a week I'll add a bit of conditioner to the ends of my hair because I have curly hair and it's prone to frizz and splits.
Q057) What’s something you definitely had to do to fulfil your dream?
02 Not a Crime
The veteran coach tells OneNewsNow that is why he cannot support the measure. But some are intolerant of Brown’s biblical view and want him to be fired. Meanwhile, he recalls receiving applause not too long ago for leading a mid-field prayer before Nebraska’s game at scandal-torn Penn State.
When one sees that one has been lied to about some things--however well-intentioned those lies may have been--it begins to make one wonder how long and deep the lies go.
If you work in advertising, you know agencies are lousy with people like that. People who feel that just the act of making a decision is more important than the decision they make.
But those are mostly telling words. As a writer, you want to show. I could tell you Emily is upset, or I could show you by saying her eyes are red with anger, her cheeks are flushed, her mouth is pressed in a line, or she’s stomping around, flailing her arms, and screaming. It’s easy to see Emily is upset when you have a visual like that.
If we keep our end in mind then we can begin to reflect on what is most important: What will I accomplish with my short time on earth? What do I want people to say about me once I’ve taken my last breath? Was my life worth living? Will I be a person who changed the world? Will I be a person who gave more than I took? Or will I be a person who took more than I gave? Will people say of me, “I loved to be around that man because he was a true man and he gave his life away for others”? Or will they say, “That person was one of the most miserable human beings you would ever want to meet”? What will others say about you?
Preheat the oven to 177 degree Celsius and line 12 muffin cups with paper liners.
Next booth was the delightful Ms. Jules and her amazing chutneys, salsa and oils. This is when I really hate traveling as I want to bring so much home with me.
This is the first installment in the Pearls series. I'm making room on my bookshelf. If you love graphic novels as much as I do, start with the best. Neil Gaiman's Sandman series changed the face of comics. the
Breaking your bones, tearing
I'll never forget that first Mother's Day. How bittersweet it was. I had a beautiful baby in my arms but a huge hole in my heart. I had a flower on my wrist and I remember those around me in church looking at me and smiling at me. A sweet young mother.
Jesus said to those Jews who believed in him,
Complete chapter 3 of episode 1.
The most amazing thing you can hear at a Memorial or Funeral is fellow officers just saying to each other, " It's okay Brother, I AM HERE FOR YOU"
“Spider teaches you that everything you now do is weaving what you will encounter in the future. In the tarot deck is card – The Wheel of Fortune. This is a card that has to do with rhythms – the rise and fall, the flow and flux”
I am NOT a painter.
It’s a well known fact among those who know me that I am a huge fan of all things pirates. I loved pirate movies as a kid (right alongside other genre movies like westerns and gangster pictures) and became obsessed after “Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl” came out in 2003. I often run around impersonating Jack Sparrow, I’ve put together an authentic pirate costume, and I’ve been researching pirates for the past few years because I’m writing a pirate adventure novel. So when I saw the first trailer for “The Pirates! Band of Misfits” last year I couldn’t wait to see what the movie had in store.
I see a man walk out of a prison after 20 years served.
Charity of choice as to which one really does the best for the most - or the
Raffi Torres has long been known as one of the game’s best “rats”, a term given to go guys who play to hurt the best players on the opposing team. He has put up 237 points in 591 games for 6 different teams. His latest stop in Phoenix is his fourth stop in as many seasons.
Natural Ingredients Plus Essential Vitamins & Amino Acid Chelated Minerals
I was right. Mrs Jones from next door had come and told Mum everything. I'd hoped against hope that she wouldn't but of course she had to. Me and her son had been cautioned for 'shoplifting'.
One old friend cautioned that our next
Now I could end the sharing here and it would be wonderful- at least wonderful that the sequence of gruesome stories are over- right? However, there is a reason that I began this essay which I have not revealed yet and I am going to mention it soon and not just briefly. (No, it does not involve blood. That would be gross!)
thanks, tiffeny for the great advice!! so on that note, I think I will grab my camera and SHOOT. take lots and lots of pictures. I have some really fun little outings coming up and am thinking I may just stumble upon many photo ops! but for today, I am sorry to say, that I offer you pictures of blue mason jars. yes, I did my light experiment for today's lesson with blue mason jars. but let me say, on a side note, I am stoked about these jars. I have been looking for blue ones and I have something really awesome planned for them. so to me, blue mason jars can be exciting.
P.S. PLEASE make sure we have a way to contact you. If your blogger profile doesn't contain your email address, please leave your address in the comment form so we can contact you if you're the winner!
can of mushrooms, drained
It’s the first thing that comes out of our mouths when faced with yet another misunderstanding. See, we assumed our job was to lead, not just spend all our time being the the information hub.
And it may be that I’ll be doing it everyday multiple times a day for the rest of the week…month…year. But I will because you’re only as heavy as the shit you carry. And I am tired of taking my insecurities everywhere with me. I want to shed them but I know it will take time. I cannot shake out of all of them like a snake sheds its skin, but perhaps I can drop them gradually along the path. And for each one, a moment of reflection and forgiveness and acceptance. A breath and a drop. And a step forward.
Grease a 12-cup tube or bundt pan with the butter. Sprinkle the sides and core with half of the granulated sugar and evenly sprinkle the rest in the bottom of the pan. Sprinkle evenly as possible the brown sugar using your fingers. Put pan aside.
Like I talked about earlier, I am trying to keep posting at least 3 times a week. I actually have several recipes saved as drafts, but I wanted to make something today.
Jessica gave him a photo. “Her name is Sooyoung and i want you to…” Jessica whispered about her plan into the guy’s ear.
So, you're wondering, what are the changes? They are subtle. But knowing my baby girl as I do, I see them.
How they accomplished this is not a guarded secret. Their attitude towards the preservation of their cultural heritage is among the most dedicated I’ve ever seen. When tarpaulins and banners are banned in the town plaza. They’re dead serious when it comes to heritage conservation.
Children with FAS are abnormally small at birth and do not catch up later, no matter how well they are nourished. They have distinctive facial features. Their organs, especially the heart, may not be formed properly. Their brains may be small and shaped abnormally. Most will have some degree of mental disability. They will often be afflicted with poor co-ordination, behavioural problems and short attention spans.
I have just experienced a disappointing run of what I would label bad luck or bad things happening to me. When I examine each one, the truth is that I always had a doubt or halfhearted desire or fear that they were not what I wanted. I just ignored that feeling and hoped that things would be okay. When these relationships fell apart and the conflicts occurred, they really were just a reflection of my original doubt, fear or not wanting. In truth I see that I was not emotionally, cognitively or spirituality really aligned with any of them. But I also did not want the relationships or opportunities to be disruptive. A part of me knew that they could be and would eventually be.
The only way Kate can think to help the Original Six in their efforts to try to fight Cronus and Calliope is to track down the gate to the prison. The only problem is that the only person apart from Henry who knows that secret location is his former wife, Persephone. Considering Kate is already suffering from jealous issues regarding the former Queen of the Underworld, you can tell this isn’t going to be an easy journey.
Poor Joel's pleas of innocence were finally heard, but there was nothing to be done about Chippy's fate. Joel dug a small grave for him, and we made him a little headstone out of a brick. As soon as he lowered our poor little chipmunk friend into the ground, all of the girls (including me), lost it. We were a mess of tears and Joel had no idea what to do with us. So you know what he did?
Veep introduces us to Vice President Selina Meyer played by Julia Louis-Dreyfus, and her bitter and often incompetent staffers. There’s Chief Of Staff Amy (Anna Chlumsky, whom you may remember from My Girl when she was eleven…), bumbling personal aide Gary (Tony Hale from Arrested Development), exhausted Director of Communications Mike (Matt Walsh) and vicious up-and-comer Dan (Reid Scott playing the exact opposite of his slacker Brendan from My Boys). Selina does everything she can just to stay above water and to get her message heard without the President telling her what to do or her own mouth getting her in trouble. This first episode finds Selina pissing off the plastics industry, making an unfortunate joke about retards during a speech and having a staffer accidentally sign their own name on a condolence card when they were supposed to be signing the VP’s name.
Anyway, finish that quest at level 28 and wait till you’re level 30 to advance (by going to Neinheart).
I realize this is a manifesto-like list, but until some of these things are addressed in an iPad Bible App, these programs are little more than Greek Bibles with a glossary. For me, Logos is the best tool for studying Greek, but at this point it does not go much beyond reading Greek. I cannot yet do a full word study on the iPad.
Me: "What are you going to do?"
Auntie Heather, gave the kids some super cute hats. Usually I am not the type to put huge hats/bows on kids for photo ops but, for serious, how could I resists this cuteness. I love the hats, and my baby. All things must be cuter when it involves your own kid :)
I have been meaning to post this recipe (and a few others), before today-- but I just haven't had the time. I've also been enjoying reading the comments on my "other" blog (Foodie Fans of the Pioneer Woman"). In order to enter our giveway contest (Muneeba is the "other" in "our"), we are asking people to answer our question:
Thelen, T.H. (1983). Minority type human mate preference. Social Biology, 30, 162-180.
Anyways, back to the reason I started this blog in the first place. On the back of my car I COEXIST decal (I really want to put a Darwin decal but I fear vandalism.)
Geo News English also operates a Twitter account which has 16,678 followers. The account’s Klout score (Klout is an online analytics company that measures an account’s social influence by using Twitter data) is 52.
3 medical
We all appreciated their bravery and they fed on the appreciation. We were smiling, clapping, and laughing with love, not in a mocking way. The pastor dressed as an angel in white - including a halo AND fishnet stockings.
“To make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, who created all things by Jesus Christ.”
The unfortunate thing is, I made this for a swap, so I had to give it away. And all I have left of it now is the photo. Sometimes, I must admit, it's difficult for me to part with my art, especially if it's a favorite piece. I wonder, do other artists feel that way? I suppose I could make another one for me, and I might do that at some point, but haven't yet.
But then, I thought, maybe . . . JUST maybe an idea like this would work for me - captain scatterbrained.
I researched blogs and Pinterest for page ideas and simple "how -tos" then drew up my plans.
* Morgan has finished her "History of Medicine" (author J. Tiner) course I had her do to supplement our science. She enjoyed it. It was interesting reading for me also.
AND…Regular service customers are 17 times more likely to buy their next vehicle from their servicing dealership…
A feeling of deja vu hit me as I left the bus terminal and I suddenly saw myself walking down Las Ramblas in Barcelona. The wide avenues, European architecture and cosmopolitan air all took me back to the place I had been nearly two years prior. BA also represented a departure from the moonscapes, deserts and mountains that had dominated my life for the past month and a half. She was a real metropolis, a return to the first-world, where people wore designer clothes and hustled and bustled about to their corporate jobs. Gone were the grittiness of Quito, La Paz and Lima, replaced by the clean lines and shaped curves of Buenos Aires. The people of BA were also different. They were no longer indigenous like the people of Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia. Instead, I saw an interplay of South America and Europe in the faces and bodies of her citizens. Most strikingly, BA exuded an air of elegance and class that had been absent since I left San Francisco.
Consult your doctors before changing any diets. Never get off any medications unless you consult with your physician first. Here are a few things to consider if you would like to use food-based healing. When possible, buy organic to avoid pesticide residue. Increase oxygen in your heart and in your body, do Qigong, move, walk, do breathing exercises.Did you know if you eat six stalks of celery a day, you can lower your own blood pressure? And there are no side effects to eating celery. Yes, celery is high in organic sodium, but it would take more than 30 stalks of celery a day to get more than is recommended. Lowering blood pressure also has to do with dilating arteries. The beta glucans found in several mushrooms, including Wood Ear (black fungus mushrooms) at only about $3 per bag at Oriental grocery stores. They are clinically proven to inhibit cancer cell growth, dilate arteries which lowers blood pressure, removes plaque from the walls of blood vessels. There are also Reishi mushrooms, which are known as a medicinal mushroom rather than one you cook with, because it is known to lower bad cholesterol, reduce hardening of the arteries, and reduces angina and shortness of breath associates with coronary heart disease. But the Reishi mushroom needs to be boiled overnight and drinking the tea is the best way to ingest this tea. Boil six cups of water, one handful of Goji berries, and one handful of dried black fungus mushrooms, then simmer for six hours or overnight. (The mushrooms get very large.) Strain the tea, cool and enjoy the benefits. It is recommended to drink this tea for 14 days. Most people do not have an adverse reaction. This tea is rich in Vitamin D, B1, B2, has three times as much Iron as liver, and twice as much calcium as milk.
Thus, it is clear that agnosticism is compatible with both theism and atheism. A person can believe in a god (theism) without claiming to know for sure if that god exists; the result is agnostic theism. On the other hand, a person can disbelieve in gods (atheism) without claiming to know for sure that no gods can or do exist; the result is agnostic atheism.
Nifty opened weak and remained under selling pressure for the entire session to conclude the day with a loss of 48 points at 5194. Amongst the sectoral indices the BSE FMCG and HC indices were the outperformers whereas BSE CD index lost the most.
the moment collided
1. You have to pay for everything, and it can be expensive if you want to put out a quality book.
Let me know which version has a better look
If you prefer a non-commercialized community, a Little Italy condo may just be the new home for you. Locally owned eateries offer homemade culturally fused dishes straight out of the cook-book of Sicilian relatives. Locally owned ground level retail stores and boutiques provide hand-crafted ceramic art and unique, beautifully designed jewelry. If you want to contribute to the development of your new community, join up with the Little Italy Association members. Personally oversee the continued beautification of Little Italy. Ensure residents, property and business owners are continually satisfied with clean streets, and the design of new buildings before their construction in the community.
I used a non-stock large pot, to melt the butter on medium-high. While whisking, I began to add the flour-- don't dump it all at once. Just start pouring it in, while whisking. Yes, the theme is to WHISK the whole time. Don't stop! We're cooking that raw taste out of the flour.
Don’t think I haven’t been blessed. I have not just been blessed by Him and His promises but through all the women who have taken time to come help me with my chores, to give me my injections and meds when I need them, to pick me up when I fall, to rub my legs and talk to me while I go through yet another seizure. Everyone of them brings into my home yet another piece of the world from outside. They help me to survive another day of hopelessness and pain. But through all this I am closer to my Lord Jesus than I ever have been. It is because I have family, friends and a church family who pray for me.
Grace sits before you. The answers you seek are in your own mind – a heaven which you seek.
In the icy, monster-plagued world of the Frost, one wrong move and a person might end up dead—and Lia Weaver knows this better than anyone. After monsters kill her parents, she must keep the family farm running despite the freezing weather and threat of monster attacks, or risk losing her siblings to reassignment by the village Elders. With dangers on all sides and treachery just one wrong step away, she can’t afford to let her emotions lead her astray. So when her sister finds a fugitive bleeding to death in the forest, a young man from beyond the Frost named Gabe, Lia surprises herself and does the unthinkable.
Lucretia Mott soon moved to a more positive abolitionist position. Having become acquainted with William Lloyd Garrison about the time he was starting to publish the Liberator in 1831, she attended the convention which he called in Philadelphia in 1833, to organize a national body, the American Anti-Slavery society. Since it did not at first admit women to membership, she helped, that year, form an auxiliary, the Philadelphia Female Anti-Slavery Society, of which she was long a leading spirit. Later, when the policy of excluding women was dropped, she became an active member of the nation society & served on the executive committee of its Pennsylvania branch. Throughout the stormy years of dissension in the antislavery movement, she clung to the radical party of Garrison, which demanded immediate emancipation. This stand, together with her persistence in cooperation with non-Friends, frequently brought her under the condemnation of her more conservative co-religionists, who supported more moderate measures under purely Quaker auspices.
Serve with soy sauce and chopped chilies as garnish.
The most powerful engine in the V40 range – the 178bhp T4 petrol – will be joined by an even more potent T5 unit later in the model’s life. All cars in the range are fitted with stop-start.
They lived in a posh brooder for the first three weeks, and in the last week we began transitioning them to their outdoor coop nursery. They will live in their nursery until they are old enough to free-range with the Big Girls at about 16 weeks–in three months.
Recently I finished reading the most engrossing doorstop you’ll ever pick up: Gone with the Wind. I was on a Civil War kick and felt obliged to read it, but despite my misgivings, I found it riveting. (Grab it from your local library and dive in–you won’t be sorry!)
It turns out Rob's lungs are so big that every time he breathes in his lungs actually crush his heart and stop it from beating. Meaning the chest pain my husband was having every time he ran or did strenuous activity was his lungs stopping his heart from beating enough.
Sandra had transferred into our district to live with grandparents after her mom couldn't handle her anymore in the projects of the big city.There were other incidents with her that year, mostly starting with her taking offense at even the smallest of slights. Outside of school, she took delight in spraying her bangs in the vertical style of a known gang and in wearing the extreme makeup and colors of the girls of that group.
Article marketing is about much more than just writing articles, submitting them, and hoping for traffic - learn about the big picture, why it all works, right here, right now!
My grandmother lives in a small German town in Missouri on the top of a huge hill with tons of surrounding land. She never learned to drive. It didn’t matter, though, because she walked every where, even up and down the large hill to her house every day (we have to switch gears when driving just to get up the hill). She loved being outside, working in her yard. She enjoys sipping on coffee for hours and just enjoying “being.” She is very European.
Because it is useful.
Jonah's Injuries - Boxed up and sent over a waterfall.
1. Minotaur
Because He truly loves us.
Last update:
Obviously this still needs to be monitored, biopsies will be conducted every 3 months, I am still on a lot of meds etc. but this is clearly amazing news and hopefully gives comfort to others that all of the above can work if you keep the faith, follow the professionals' advice, take your meds etc. and generally try and get on with things as normally as possible (i.e. being positive).
The second card I made is one that I made for my bestie, who's birthday is on St. Patrick's Day. She just so happened to have given birth to her first child 6 days prior to her bday, so I had that on my brain and completely forgot to make her a card. This is what I came up with:
Try running. You can run inside your subdivision or probably in the streets near your place. It is considered the cheapest way to exercise. But you can also try joining marathon races. You meet new friends, have free running singlets, get freebies and discounts from your favorite shops and run and with other runners all aiming to move more fluidly.
Another great find www.wordle.net and a little play on it this morning using random words from some of the poems from There’s No Smoke Without Dragons and one dragon world cloud has been created.
Baby Reese was an Angel on earth, and now she is an Angel in heaven.
Maybe it’s time I thought seriously about getting help through Weight Watchers or a nutritionist. Outside support and encouragement might help me stay on track and see the bigger picture. I really am impatient about this. The more impatient I become the more lapses I have. This process is hard but, I’ve done it before. Now I need to do it in a way that is sustainable.
First Presbyterian is one of many PC(USA) congregations across the country that have voted to leave the mainline Protestant denomination due to the decision at the 219th General Assembly of PC(USA) to allow presbyteries to decide to ordain non-celibate homosexuals to church positions.
We planned to spend the evening at home and we were driving down the street, listening to music and talking…it seemed like every time we were in the car together, the song “U m b r e l la” by Ms. R i h a n n a was playing. To this day, every time I hear that song, I think of that time we spent together. We stopped at Blockbuster and I bought a comedy that I wanted him to watch with me, and then he insisted on making another stop….this one was for flowers that he promised me – my favourite; stargazers.
Anyway, I've been playing a $#&! ton of Minecraft lately, and since the game is very retro in graphics the art assets are perfect to translate to pixelblocks art. It's a bit tough considering it uses 3D models, and my works are mostly 2D, but I've made it work. To kick off this set, I've started with the iconic Creeper.
Flipkart, India’s biggest online bookseller was founded by two former Amazon employees in 2007. The website, which has expanded into mobile phones, appliances, music and movies, sells 10 products a minute and targets $1 billion in revenue by 2015.
When Krishna and Balarama leave Mathura, they go to Dwaraka, an area that Revati inherits from her father and which Balarama helps his father-in-law defend.
First of all I masked the card to create a white edge around it.
Paraxis 03 is now online. We've got fabulous short stories, illustrations, interviews and essays all on the theme of transformation. Here's a quick peak at the fiction side of things from our editors' letter:
The biggest losers from this approach are not just ordinary decent British citizens, but also the constables out on the streets, often doing a heroic, selfless job only to be undermined by their selfish, careerist superiors.
he just looks like he is sleeping.
11. Never feat. Joy Sparkes (prod. by K21)
Betty MacDonald said: 'Nisei Daughter ' is a very remarkable book, humorous and delightfully readable, that takes you into the heart of a Japanese-American family and into the mind of the sensitive, perceptive eldest daughter.
In order to get to know the Willards a little more personally, Adam has provided us a post about a topic dear to his heart and ours as well entitled “The Worldwide Church”. We thank Adam for this, and we are very much looking forward to this Saturday.
Ah that label, same as at Artisans, knew there was something he had to say. Massena, yes, what is this? A different brand, his own, not with the family, the wine is cheaper, but fuck. Fuck. E@L can't tell them apart any more. Not one single bit.
Charge for the guns’ he said:
13 The Music Goes Round My Head
Saturday, amidst the family stuff, I did some research, and organized my thoughts. I planned my attack for the next month, and planted a new ideal seedling. Like a new baby, a new ideal seedling attracts a lot of attention, but I have to focus on my nearly ripe, so close to being finished WIP’s.
Overall = 3.7
Milk 1/2 cup (120 ml)
If you can read my date of birth on my driver’s license… you are TOO FUCKING CLOSE TO ME.
I recently received a copy of the book Nonna Tell Me a Story for review, and I'm happy to report that's it's lovely. Written by "one of the most-loved chefs on television, a best-selling cookbook author, and restaurateur," Lidia Bastianich, the book encourages families to share holiday memories of old and create new ones through baking and decorating together for the holidays. Laura Logan did a wonderful job with the heart-warming illustration that accompany the sweet story of multi-generational holiday sharing in the first half of the book. In the second half, Chef Bastianich shares her recipes for a number of favorite holiday cookies, from Almond Butter Cookies to these babies:
“While this was sort of a ‘warm up game’ tonight, I expect the Tigers to put more effort in thrashing the English teams,” said Rajagopal. “I’ve told them, no less than a hundred thousand goals for each game.”
Oh! And Buddy finally gets to participate in this challenge as well! Which is good for him, because he finishes first and wins! Jeremy gets annoyed because he keeps missing, but he finally gets it and finishes fourth. So it comes down to either Conda or Chris. Chris gets it first, so Conda is stuck with the one pound disadvantage.
Fundraising programs offer up a great opportunity for the public to show their support for all different types of causes. This Saturday, April 21, 2012, another fundraising event will be held in Oklahoma City. The YMCA of Oklahoma City will be organizing a marathon to help victims of sexual assault in the community.
star-spangled banner yet wave
What's that? Yes, Al was my agent but to become part of this revolution, I had to opt out of our contract. A crying shame, as Al has been a terrific influence in my writing career, but we've put a lid on that aspect of our professional relationship to eliminate any potential conflict of interests that might arise from the new venture. Feck it, though. I'm delighted to be part of Blasted Heath and I look forward to the future.
Yikes! My daughters are fixers too! Now, I am challenged with teaching them to be less pushy fixers than I was at their ages! Uh Oh!
Nothing else mattered but that moment, that beauty, that light-filled meadow
Anyway, here's what we've got running.
The U.S. economy continues to confound its critics, whether those who believe we sink or swim with Europe, or are tied too closely to the Chinese economy, or those who believe austerity is the only answer. But European austerity measures in particular are a failure, as Nobelist Paul Krugman has been saying in columns, such as “Death of a Fairy Tale”, while our Fed continues to provide stimulus with record low interest rates.
Hubby: Yes
Lest someone mistake the above, do not misunderstand me. We've enjoyed the interactions with all class participants. The levels of motivation displayed by even the most inexperienced has been encouraging. It is refreshing to see and know that there are fellow Americans out there who take their preparations seriously enough to actually learn and practice and hopefully perfect their small-unit tactical knowledge to protect their families and communities.
and books
It’s been a LONG time since I had any Easter candy and truth be told, I actually can’t eat a whole package of 15 Peeps anymore. My limit is 3 at a time these days, I discovered. But they were two for $3, so I got a package of the original yellow ones and some blue ones, too.
Yes, I will allow tragedy, hardships, frustrations and hurt
Or is freedom simply having the right to try?
and together make a stand
"I?" the fir tree thought about it. "Yes, those days were rather amusing." And he went on to tell them about Christmas Eve, when it was decked out with candies and candles.
Let the debate begin. Reina or Lowe? This old-timer will go with Reuben. Colby ran slightly faster times but Reuben had a kick for the ages. He didn't always have to run from the front. Reina faced great competition in Texas from the likes of Tim Gargiulo, John Holmes, and Eric Henry. He also dominated on a National level against guys like John Trautmann (NY) and the Mastalir Twins (CA). Reuben also won the Footlocker XC Nationals (then known as Kinney) in a Course Record time that stands to this day. That's right. This years crop (Fout, Derrick, Fernandez, Lowe, Puskedra, Cabral, etc) fell short as have many great XC runners over the years at San Diego's Balboa Park.
4 chicken breasts, dark meat if you prefer, or mixture
My head is still swirling with everything and more we have going on right now, but thankfully it is not overwhelming me or having me feel anxious.
ALSO there are close to 5,000 of you who talk to me on Twitter. I think this is delightful and I want to give you a present when there ARE, in fact, 5,000 of you. Suggestions have included:
Pile up high the toadstools
Way too many women are on medicine for moods, depression and such. Abuse and PTSD I understand. OCD and Bi-polar I understand. But stress and depression and anxiety like myself and many others have....how do these pills help? Is it the fact that we give up-not letting our minds heal us?As far as I can remember, women in the past had the occasional nervous breakdown, went to a facility and came out forever stigmatized because of this. Do any of you feel any different becuase of taking your meds?
In the hierarchy known as middle school, most people think that they are better than someone else. This is usually extremely true for the popular crowds, who seem to think that they are better than most. This is also true for the outcast kids. Just because they aren’t part of the popular crowd doesn’t mean they are at the bottom of the food chain.
At a 4.5 star rating with over 8,000 votes for Free this App is the way to go.
no less than the trees and the stars;
Someone tweeted that regular bloggers needed to summarise all of their blogposts lest they get lost. So here goes:
And I wanted a look at it too. Highway 70 goes from the east coast to Globe. Mom and Dad probably joined it in Texas. I could pick it up near Deming, New Mexico. Road trip! I wanted to retrace a small part of their trip: Lordsburg, Highway 70, Coolidge Dam, and Globe.
What’s specail about today?
What the story misses terribly is a flow from chapter to chapter, with me having to make mental notes of too many unnecessary characters from the story who do not even matter later. In my opinion, the author did not even need to introduce them to me in the book.
I guess this is a long way of saying that since my earliest days I have always loved words and I've cultivated my love for them.
Tara’s furniture fits great in Ronan’s room, transforming it to a teen room.
The two soldiers with Stolik followed along, but he could tell they were getting nervous. “Herr Oberst,” one mumbled behind him, “This is supposed to just be a single old man, right?”
I want My DD4L back. I want my Gator.
~Emma
White Chocolate Cheesecake Brownies
It was this dress, my dress made it all wrong. It wasn’t the uniform of a fellow warrior, it was the beacon of naiveté, of free time and hobbies, of a non-addicted white girl who just paid $45 to have her oil changed AND her interior vacuumed.
Come and listen to a story ‘bout a gal named Sarah
So how did participants change their posture during the interactions? Interestingly enough, participants tended to take on complimentary postural stances in response to the posture of the confederate. That is, if the confederate sat like Don Draper, the participant took on a submissive stance. In contrast, if the confederate sat in a submissive manner, the participant sat more like this:
It has been an experience to see this book ‘unfold’, as it were, and to hear the debate and the guessing at which beers should/would/could/MUST be in the Top 10. This is the one thing that was hoped above all else when the first tentative steps were made towards publishing the book. Rather than wish for no controversy or argument, it was hoped for. As a wise old man once said, “The only risk is to take no risk” ... or something like that – you know what I mean. If God hadn’t meant us to make mistakes then he wouldn’t have put those little rubbers on the ends of grey-lead pencils, I say.
Let us seek to have them know Jesus!
Potential buyers will find your home more attractive if you have cleared out the clutter. If possible, all clothing should be removed from closets. Otherwise, the space should be organized perfectly. After you empty your kitchen cabinets, consider putting in a few unopened, fancy packages. This helps add appeal to your home because buyers will feel that the atmosphere is more luxurious or sophisticated.
C’mon, Brands!
He added: “I am therefore calling on you to stand aside to give our party a fighting chance of winning. As such I am resigning from government.”
‘The Skeptical Environmentalist’ author Bjorn Lomborg argues global warming exists, but policies to improve the environment wont make a significant impact.
Psalm 8 (New International Readers Version)
And I acted caught-off-guard when the neighbor told me that turning into her driveway and having to see our house’s debris every night made her have seizures every time she came home. Might want to have that checked…
Dunedin City Council
The brain is, apparently, a very efficient machine. It never does nothing. When it's not looking outward it turns its attention inward; closing one’s eyes helps.
But I had little to complain for, past Lasur, approaching Potul, the land rounded on me just as surely as my eager anticipation of sighting cotton fields had propelled me to the door no sooner we left the Nashik district behind.
everyone pulling weight
Like so many other things in my life this has definitely fallen into place at exactly the moment when I needed it most. Looking forward to bedtime tonight!!
8 ounces cooked lump crab meat – fresh is available in plastic tubs at many fish counters (*make sure to feel through it to make sure there aren't any bits of shell)
“Well, I was, dropping my niece off.”
Constable Hatanaka is our school’s Community D.A.R.E. Officer and has completed work with our Grade 6′s on Drug Abuse Resistance Education. She has also come in to speak with our Grade7′s and 8′s regarding internet safety and the legal implications of cyber bullying.
What’s Your “Trademark”? Sarcasm
Dr Speedy
So I lost that argument, and to some extent my friend and I lost respect for each other: he for my fallacious argument, and I for his unforgiving harshness.
Well today I was invited to a tasting at Gary’s Wine & Marketplace which included 5 wines from the BV collection and with that came the honor and pleasure of meeting with none other than the winemaker himself, Jeffrey Stambor!
So while it was one of Those days, we enjoyed it and look forward to more.
Another problem,
In the supermarket this week I spotted Carlsberg Export on 18 for £6.99. Too delicious to resist. I’ve been necking a fair amount of this grog lately and I don’t seem to tire of it. When ice cold and crisp it is a lovely lout.
he said "loads of times" people have come up asking if he had written -insert name- book. and he said it was odd that his final book didn't have his picture in them, as most of the others did.
I never thought much about photography until I began blogging. Like everything else, I was voted the family’s worst photographer (and the worst cook), mainly because I dropped Dr. Big’s Nikon back in 1984.
It won’t sound it. At its core are a man who spends three months naked on a stage peeing, defecating (and doing other things) into glass bottles, with the sounds of his body being broadcast through loudspeakers to people who have paid to see him do it . . . and a woman who throws a stone at a baby and, later, shoots it! People fall in love with photographs and are . . . are arrogant and objectionable and irrational and . . . but mostly, they are wonderful. There’s a shaky bit at the beginning where I wasn’t sure how well it was going to be written but that was only for a moment. And, near the end, it gets a bit hurried. But you can judge the overall quality of the writing by the way such unlikely material is described with such amazing delicacy it becomes beautiful. It’s humorous without ever being silly. It’s not, it is not, a comedy. But, if you read it you will smile. You will be moved. It is profound. Only one person dies - and that is a perfectly acceptable death.
I don’t mean to sound harsh or ungrateful, but I spend a lot of time mapping my books, slowly revealing the truth, each new revelation dependant on the one that comes before, so that by the end of the book, people end up believing (at least for the moment) that the story is true. If surprises are revealed out of sequence, it breaks the chain of evidence. So not only will readers know what to expect, they will be robbed of the unique experience of believing something foreign to their everyday lives.
We're going! At first Mister told me we wouldn't be able to because tickets were no longer available. He told me he would make it up to me though. Well a little bit ago, he sent me a text telling me to get my dress ready. I was very confused at what he was talking about. Apparently, one of the guys s/o can't go, so he gave the ticket to Mister so I could come! Yay me!!
You must be wondering what has happened to me?
I don't have a camera so I got very few pictures and even less *good* ones. I have to use my phone camera and it isn't that good. Later that night, we went to the drive-in, over indulged on popcorn and watched The Hunger Games.
provide support services. Let us look
When I fell in love with peg dolls earlier this year, I immediately started planning the little families I would paint for all the little girls in our family. We do a cousins' gift exchange on both sides of our family, so I was really happy that my kids drew the names of two of our nieces, thereby giving me an excuse to do it sooner rather than later. Here they are! (You'll have to excuse the poor lighting -- I had to hurry to take these late at night because I was trying to pack them to ship in the hopes they'd get there in time for Christmas. Ah, procrastination...)
Joni was right- he’s a loser; stay away from him.
In an earlier post, I discussed hanging bowls, large thin-walled copper alloy* bowls with suspension points around the rim, often beautifully decorated with mounts made in coloured enamel. They are mostly associated with high-status burials of around the seventh century in what is now England. What function(s) might they have had?
Unfortunately, I was not able to join the seminar as I had to go out of town with family on the very same weekend(talk about good timing!)
I found it funny that when she asked me about swaying methods, diet changes, ect., I could barely recall them. From someone who could spout them off in a moment's notice, they are no longer front line items for me. And I felt relieved as I laughed and told her so. I remember the pain of the loss of that dream from so long ago. And it can bring tears biting the back of my throat. But then I see Liam jump from the bottom two steps in an I LOVE DAD shirt, a cape, and alligator boots and I think...I was disappointed? WHY?
I fear that The Queen will not be keen to hear further bad news, especially from myself. But, the United Kingdom faces the greatest threat to political stability that it has ever known. How can I not warn them of the anarchist cuckoo in in the Constitutional Monarch's nest?
T shirts from the 80s! if it has a kitten or a horse or a unicorn or a tiger on it, I want it! I guess it's catching on, I noticed a rail of them in Urban Outfitters in Dublin a couple of weeks ago!
They are promoting a new ‘park like’ area spanning over 3,000 sq. m, home to 600 seats. The lounge will give it’s long haul customers the possibility to relax, enjoy a snack, work, read and enjoy entertainment in different atmospheres created by atmospheric lighting in different ‘zones’.
The priest remained in ministry, working at three archdiocesan high schools and serving as assistant superintendent of Catholic schools through 2004. Confronted after a man complained to the archdiocese in 1992, the priest admitted to the “sin” of masturbation and said he had read up on that subject because so many people were mentioning it in the confessional….
Blue and white china - always a favorite. Here we see part of Tasha Tudor's collection. (From Heirloom Crafts by Tasha Tudor and Tovah Martin) Why do we women love our china so much? Look at Ethrington-Smith's collection above, look at Ann Wyeth McCoy's collection from an earlier post. Could it all stem from our early tea parties?
These attacks were totally unexpected, as the cabal was led to believe the ETs had to follow spiritual laws that forbade them from ever intervening – under any circumstances. However, ETs have routinely powered down nuclear missiles and facilities.
My goal was to have a map I could reference when I know a the location of an event, and need to know what nearby newspapers Ancestry may have available.
And she's telling him it's his
But now I hesitate to go
After organizing and counting all the frames I decided to add them to my ETSY shop. I should be able to get 4 sets of 12 frames (which is actually 24 frames) and still have plenty left over for me. I hope to have them listed by Saturday so check back.
But I do want to be heard. And listened to. And understood. And I want a voice. And this, especially this, I want all to myself.
How was your weekend? I hope it was the loveliest of lovely weekends.
Jump To present day:
would normally approve spendings above 50 million naira .In order to
except for Van Halen and ACDC, those groups where amazing
I do hope Derek Jarman's Jubilee figures peripherally large in the Diamond Jubilee celebrations. Released in 1977 in response to the Silver Jubilee, it body-snatched Punk in its depiction of sleep-walking UK, and today still looks more thematically contemporary than anything else listed on Imdb.com, if you're seeking a celluloid facsimile of street and cultural realities.
(This is a favourite of mine - an artsy photo post)
After the funeral, we went back to normal, or not. It wasn’t really normal because there were some rituals that we had to do. For my foreign readers, Filipinos have things about superstitions. Superstitions are basically beliefs. An example would be “If a black cat walks right in front of you, you should not go further because there’s bad luck ahead.” I know that it sounds silly but we have more of those, I mean, each ethnic region may have different of these. So, after the funeral, we had to go through this ritual where we went to the river and they first bathe our heads a mixture of gin, burnt hay and water then we rinse ourselves in the river. I don’t know what that was for but I didn’t want to get into trouble so I just went with what they wanted.
Senator Nick Xenophon from Australia stressed that the demonstration itself was peaceful, and the “unnecessary violence” that occurred was “planned provocation” to provide images for the “officially sanctioned media”.
(5)Divide dough into 50 small, equal pieces.
Though we tend to think of its location as being in “the sky,” it’s technically positioned close to the inner rim of the Milky Way’s Orion Arm, in what’s called the “Local Fluff” or “Gould Belt,” about 28,000 light years from the Galactic Center. Its neighborhood is known by cosmologists as the “Local Bubble,” a space of rarefied hot gas possibly produced as a remnant of the supernova Geminga. If you wanted to go there, you’d travel about 150 million kilometers (hang a hard right at Venus, you can’t miss it). Don’t rely on Yahoo maps to give you reliable directions. When I typed in “The Sun” as my destination, it sent me to Sun, Louisiana, and, even worse, had the nerve to route me through Atlanta.
You know how many packs of prenatal vitamins I’ve bought over the years? We have been involved in the baby-making project since around my sister’s wedding in June of 2009. That’s nearly three years of vitamins. Divided by 100 in a pack, that means I’ve bought at least 10 packs of vitamins, probably more like 12-13.
Remember, less is more! It is always possible to re-glue, but too much glue looks horrid and you will get into a sticky mess. Always clean any glue off the tips of the tweezers regularly.
If you still have a working VCR and are willing to hunt around for it - or search on YouTube long enough - it's well-worth watching. Peacemaker is a genuine B-movie gem.
"He's here," Derue pointed. He stood within a long hall lined with cells, a man stood beside him, swarthy and old, but calm, seeming to have mastered whatever fears or concerns he felt. Derue practically danced with nervous energy, his eyes darted from Gytha to the cell, back and forth till the cleric stepped inside.
- File size: no larger than 1MB for each image
Following the positive reactions to the 20th Vogue Knitting book, I also thought I'd add a couple of pictures of adverts from the front few pages. I love the phrasing of 1940s adverts, it seems so honest and wholesome.
General Paul V. Hester, USAF (Ret.)
If ever there was a slow
Next post will be awesome.
Body fat: 26.9%
*evenings sprinkled with anise-kissed sambuca
Africa's brightest stars, including Julius Nyerere, achieved only the complete impoverishment of their people.
A place where I have found solitude,
Wis. unions rush deals ahead of bargaining law - 14 Mar 2011 at 7:01pm - MADISON, Wis. -- School boards and local governments across Wisconsin are rushing to reach agreements with unions before a new law takes effect and erases their ability to collectively bargain over nearly all issues other than minimal salary increases.
Pitcher gave the U.N. soldier a shove in the direction of a shack built on land perhaps fifty meters back from the bank of the river. In front of the shack was a large fire pit. Behind the shack the dense woods closed in limiting visibility to only a few yards beyond. The scout looked around as he walked slowly in the direction of the shack. Several boats were tied to the pilings supporting the river shacks. The scout puzzled over the boats with the large fans in the back. He had never seen boats like these at home on the Yangtze.
by Wilhelm Grimm,
As should be growing more and more evident the more you pay attention to the world, we have less and less ‘freedom of bathroom’ as time goes on. If you aren’t disturbed by this, you should be. If you hope there’s a way out of this without something terrible happening, you should be a fan of science fiction.
Crossing the cricket pitch, tall lime trees frame the flint and stone tower of St Mary the Virgin, my first stop in the village of Dedham. Constructed in 1492 in the Perpendicular style, it is one of many ‘wool churches‘ in East Anglia, having been built on the back of the wool trade that gave Dedham its prosperity, which perhaps explains why, like St Andrew’s Alfriston, it appears out of proportion to the size of community it serves. Externally, much of the church below the crenellated parapet is rendered in a rather drab grey, sitting on an ashlar plinth featuring Moorish style inset knapped flint detail. But once inside it takes my breath away.
Meanwhile, my husband amazes me with an attention to details that completely skip over my head.
* Goes to bed between 9/10pm and wakes up at 8am
I portioned it into 3 ziploc bags and stuck them in the freezer.
subtle rain
Steven likes trying there different micro brews
In the span of less than 5 years, foreigners now make up 36 per cent of Singapore’s population, up from 14 per cent in 1990. Of the remaining 64 per cent who are citizens, a significant proportion are new immigrants born overseas.
UPDATE April 09 2009
Our next task was finding a way to tell Chris's family. We decided to send them a special little token. We went to Hobby Lobby and purchased two cute little boxes, then we purchased some baby gift wrap. I wrapped each box with the baby gift wrap:
Major Pettigrew's Last Stand: I really enjoyed this book. I read it about a year ago, as a recommendation from Amazon, and it was an excellent recommendation. It's about a retired major who becomes friends with a Pakistani immigrant and has to confront racism in his small English town. There's also an issue about the inheritance of an antique gun after his brother dies. Highly recommended! The tone is really enjoyable and the characters are well developed.
Still waking at an ungodly hour, though having stopped peeing on overpriced stress devices, I can usually go back to sleep. Woke about every 90 minutes last night though, checking that everything was still ok.
This was reinforced by these words of the Lord to these same disciples in John 14:16,17.
who thinks I’m beautiful first thing in the morning
‘Lugg…’
My husband. I can't get enough of him. Cheesy, I know...but it's the truth.
Foot pronation is one of the most important factors to consider when buying a pair of running shoes because this can affect the impact on the foot when you run, walk or jog. There are basically 3 types of foot pronation: overpronation, average pronation, and underpronation. If you are overpronator, that means you have low foot arch. Overpronators don’t absorb shock efficiently that’s why you need the right type of shoe for you. If you are an average pronator, you have a moderate foot arch and the best thing is that you wouldn’t have problems in finding a pair of running shoes. And if you are an underpronator, that means you have a high foot arch.
I am trying to practice living life as a joyful person. It is really hard work. I just keep thinking over & over. I have to make it through this.
putting an end to your despicable trafficking in human flesh and
FY 2011 – $879 billion
Make sure you pour each layer in slowly so that you don't leave any 'holes' on top of the layer before it. You may need to spread the white layer gently with a spatula so that it's even.
1 unequivocal
Mrs Angry will be placing a bet on Andrew Dismore tomorrow.
And if your looking for a place to sleep after your shopping experience–the other half of the mansion is a hotel, with 5 suites uniquely designed by 5 different designers; a must see when in Paris. We think its simply divine.
I love a rainy night
Captain Deadpool? Yes!
Just when the office felt like it was at capacity (or over), Alex Counts, President and CEO of Grameen Foundation, took the stage to share some reflections on our work. After welcoming and thanking supporters, Alex recollected the birth of the Tech Center 10 years ago. At that time, Craig and Susan McCaw, long-time philanthropists with a background in telecommunications technology, generously partnered with Grameen Foundation to finance a replication of the village-phone program that Grameen Bank had pioneered in Bangladesh. This seed then grew into the idea to establish an entire technology center devoted to the field of information communications technology for development.
I suspect my iPod touch (2nd gen) may be coming to the end of it's life. It frequently goes mad and rapidly switches itself between on and off (standby really) and back again many many times regardless of whether I'm using it or not. At times this can make it almost unusable and it's also having a knock-on effect on the battery. The standby button doesn't work any more either.
Drnek is being held in the juvenile detention center in Ocala. He's charged with possession of a destructive device with intent to do harm.
However, the main conclusion of the CCC’s latest report is that recent increases in energy bills were due primarily to the increased cost of wholesale gas. The Committee says its findings “disprove often repeated claims” that recent bill increases are mainly due to environmental policy costs.
“Dumb sket; of course you didn’t! Listen, Tee-Tee ; you fucked my man, and that aint on. Nobody, and I mean NOBODY, fucks Dominique Prince about and gets away with it, naaah.”
They are loving these cell phones! They sound just like real phones. I recorded a message for each of them so when they open it they hear me asking to speak to them.
I actually couldn't handle that sight at the moment so I closed the door.
The world of Helminthdale Libraries is become a darker, more savage one than the one I had been chronicling. To be sure, there was always that cruel feral streak of the girls' playground about the place and there were always too many smiling assassins but things have grown appreciably worse as Call Me Dave's austerity measures have hit what was already a basket case of a local economy.
I may do some browsing at Ikea tonight, just for the heck of it…and to procrastinate doing laundry and organizing my ENTIRE room. Yeah, not feeling it.
It will be a beautiful day. We promise lots of litter, gorgeous trees and subject-appropriate humour.
Anti-government protesters said they were more determined than ever, and in the multiple demonstrations protesters continued to try to win military support, chanting “the people and the army are one hand.” “Protesting and striking are fundamental rights and the most powerful available means to bring down the regime, so let’s be steadfast and united. Right is above might we shall be victorious,” Nobel Peace laureate Mohamed ElBaradei, whose supporters are among the youth activists organizing the protest movement, said in a Tweet on Friday.
LSU
And then comes dessert. Our waiter asks if we would like to have the lemon cream delights as noted on the menu or if we would like three different desserts. Of course we opt for three: chocolate cake, lemon cream delight, and tiramisu. Impossible to believe, but this tiramisu was even better than at Santa Croce!
stay tuned for more.
However, his company W.R. Grace and Company would grow, from its salad days in bat guano, to become one of the world's biggest chemical conglomerates. Their New York corporate headquarters was built in 1971 on the north side of Bryant Park and is generally known for its white sloping facade. At present it is the 61st tallest building in New York City.
(Please forgive the delays and somewhat disjointed thoughts. I seem to be struggling with a bad case of postus interruptus)
The one place you wish they would allow you to drink beer is?
With my sister-in-law's order, The Friendly Local Avon Lady kindly left a couple of brochures.
Sugar - 1/2 a cup
Let's leave aside for now Truth with a big T, as in objective, eternal, changeless realities à la Plato's forms, or as in Christian metaphysical "Word of God" absolutes. What happened to truth that allows us simply to trust the non-stop everyday things we are told? Trust, like going to a light switch and knowing that when you flip it to on, there will be light, because that's what normally functioning light switches do.
But now that I have your attention… tonight, I made Jamaican Jerk Salmon over Curry Tomato Rice, side of steamed and butter seared snap peas and made up some peanut butter cookie dough while my dinner simmered.
It threatens Americans’ existing coverage. Despite President Obama’s promise, “if you like your health care plan, you’ll be able to keep your health care plan,” there are many provisions in Obamacare that will cause Americans to lose existing coverage. Some estimates show the loss of employer coverage will be as high as 35 million people.
I choose to release my unwillingness to be wealthy today! In Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
“I am giving full support to Unite to challenge Ford and Visteon, as we cannot allow a precedent to be set which could encourage other big companies to ignore European agreements and abandon their workers too.
To date, 27 of the targets have been convicted and sentenced in the scheme.
temporary waiting restrictions on the eastern side of Bittacy Hill, as nearby Devonshire Road was closed to allow for essential maintenance works to take place, which resulted in an increased traffic flow on Bittacy Hill that exasperated the problems occurring at the location.
"After you have visited a friend at her country seat, or after receiving an invitation to visit her, a call is due her upon her return to her town residence. This is one of the occasions when a call should be made promptly and in person, unless you have a reason for wishing to discontinue the acquaintance; even then it would be more civil to take another opportunity for dropping a friend who wished to show a civility, unless her character has been irretrievably lost in the meantime."
Once Upon a Time Fairytale Candle Favors
My youngest, heart full of good feeling from the movie, decided to make tea and a PBJ for his sniffly brother and he carried it up on a tray for him. Middle boy drew him a cheerful card and placed it on the tray.
Anyway, that's all for now. I will probably post a couple more times over the next couple weeks since I will be home the whole time, but if I don't post again before the Christmas ....
Or maybe, just maybe, I’m finally fully over onions. I can now look at our past together and smile, without any bitterness. Without any tears.
Hurrah!
Sound familiar? Theologians are accustomed to taking some beliefs on faith. Scientists are not. All we can do is hope that the same theories that predict the multiverse also produce many other predictions that we can test here in our own universe. But the other universes themselves will almost certainly remain a conjecture.
The Trailer;
The parents get to laugh and cry with each other about their journey. We ask each other questions, compare notes and talk about life in general.
One final thought that I have been thinking about.
“Excuse me, is that automatic me you’re listening to?” We have been inseparable. He noticed my preoccupation and I felt his grin before I saw it. It stretched from ear to ear and he had that glint in his eyes.
Future conflicts over politics and religion will likely play out biologically, Berns says. Some cultures will choose to change their biology, and in the process, change their culture, he notes. He cites the battles over women's reproductive rights and gay marriage as ongoing examples.
responsibility of states,
I don’t understand what’s wrong with me! The only Tyler Perry movie that I actually like is Diary of a Mad Black Woman and I think that’s because he didn’t even direct it… or maybe because I think it was was based off of my life. My parents are even part of this pact! I wish I counted how many times they asked me if I saw For Colored Girls or how many Tyler Perry bootlegs are stacked in our basement. I even experience this on campus as I’m walking on Liacourus Walk where the “popular black kids” or PBKs as I call them, sit across the cement walls and ask me if I’m going to see the latest Perry film and when I say no, they look at me as if I’m some sort of alien. I get this same look when I go to six dollar Tuesdays at the Pearl (one of the few times I’ll actually pay money to see a movie there), and as I reach the ticket window I can already see the distracted employee getting ready to print me a ticket for Madea’s Family Reunion and then I ask for one for 21 Jump Street and that look reemerges. Like they want to ask me if I’m sure that’s the one I want to see then I get real paranoid and think that all the black Temple students and North Philadelphians are talking shit and wondering who the hell I think I am. This scenario usually ends with me rushing to the theater, ignoring the look the ticket taker gives me when he realizes that his expectation isn’t reality, and hiding in the theater feeling embarrassed and defeated- and then I notice how empty my theater is because all the cool kids are seeing Madea and I feel a little better.
For Jessica’s parents, their daughter’s marriage was an intensely meaningful event. “It was wonderful to see Jessica so dressed up and looking so beautiful,” said Jessica’s mother Elizabeth. “I was just so happy for them.” Every member of Jackie and Jessica’s circle of friends and family that I interviewed felt the same way: It made us happy to see our friends marry. That’s a commonplace feeling at weddings, but, of course, not everyone in America has the right to a legal marriage. Their wedding was extraordinary because it came to us all as a gift we never expected.
3 shots of Creme de Cassis
Gentilly is located on the St. Lawrence River about 150 miles north of Vermont and New Hampshire.
A bridal makeup artist in Melbourne will ensure that the makeup done is in such a way that the bride looks gorgeous and natural at the same time. Whether it is Asian makeup or Western Makeup, the bridal makeup artists in Melbourne can do it in a professional way. Instead of trying to apply bridal makeup on your own it is advisable to rely on a professional makeup artist because there are many styles in bridal makeup and only a bridal makeup artist can apply makeup which suits to your complexion, personality, outfit, jewellery and other bridal accessories which make you look different from others.
3And they sung as it were a new song before the throne, and before the four beasts, and the elders: and no man could learn that song but the hundred and forty and four thousand, which were redeemed from the earth.
I think the postage to the U.S.A would be a bit outrageous for this!!
74. Chen was born on September 21, 1992. Height ± 178cm
-Laurance S. Rockefeller
My name is Joshua, and as a young boy of almost thirteen years, I lived with my family in the Nefton Woods in the Land of Ganchimi. It was a beautiful place, and remains so to this day; alluring waterfalls and bits of meadow that cascade upon one another as you view them from the sky. For so it is true that you are able to do such a thing when you have climbed a Vasior tree; sturdy and tall, reaching quite up into the air; high above all the other trees by no less than two score. I did such climbing when I was a boy (but not much anymore), always scuttling to the top of the tree to witness the rich splendor of the countryside. Once at the top, my eyes would gaze out upon the vast oceans of grain and grass, flowers and trees. Swaying in the cool breezes of the autumn, I would contemplate the rippling motions of the world below. I was safe in my tree. I knew my place within its branches and it was always good to be there.
Alas, alas, the children! they are seeking
5. Read Megan Garber (@megangarber)’s story “Coming to a theater near you: The New York Times” at Nieman Lab. Considering the NYT’s new paywall (hint: you may want to link to stories or announcements or analysis of that), what do you think about this move as an attempt to get new readers/downloaders/subscribers?
Bamboo: Golden State Flooring - www.goldenstateflooring.com
I'm actually in Montana with my mom, brothers, and boyfriend right now. I packed my laptop in a Betsey Johnson floral totebag (just like Jack Kerouac, right?) so I'd be able to post updates from the road, but then I found out there is no internet in Montana.
Ireland's leading obstetricians stated in 1992: '... we affirm that there are no medical circumstances justifying direct abortion, that is, no circumstances in which the life of the mother may only be saved by directly terminating the life of her unborn child'. (Letter to Irish Times, 1 April 1992)
Thus, Mr. Campbell points out, the lungs of a Venus inhabitant would have to be designed to perform a special function of extracting oxygen from carbon dioxide and his body cells would have a different chemical nature than ours. Now, since carbon dioxide is an extremely poor source of oxygen, a Venus man would have to breathe in considerable amounts to extract oxygen, hence his lungs would be developed to enormous size, giving him a tremendous barrel chest.
Heidi loves me. She’s proud of me. She can tell I’m in a good place, and that I’m doing the very best I can. I know this because she told me so. Her kiddos are getting older, are super-smart and doing well. I miss her family.
Let me be clear, here. When I weighed 197 pounds had 46″ hips, 45″ bust and a 34″ waist, I NEVER thought that to myself. I never saw myself as fat. I wasn’t fat then, and I’m not fat now. But somehow I’ve gotten that feeling.
As a matter of fact, UMNO does not have any moral standing at all to profess that they love the MRI more than the Opposition. In the past 55 years of UMNO dominance in politics the Malay rulers were put to shame by none other than UMNO leaders in the 90’s. This was the first time in the history of the Malay rulers after independence that a political party had blemished their image overtly.
“Um, no, but, was that me?” I pointed to the top square of the page. It was me. It was my READ poster from Bookfest PA, so I was staring back at myself from behind pink sunglasses. The pink sunglasses I happened to be wearing at that moment, which was, admittedly, very weird.
I did stop at a liquor store.
It’s one of those back and forth films where everyone is connected by lots of different stories to which none make sense. Brad Pitt plays a silly character, a little different than ive seen him before but also the funniest. John Malkovich is his normal angry self, one of my favorite actors. George Clooney is also very funny.
Worse still is the insistence that players zigzag back and forth between the quarantine and safe zones. At one point early on, Akiyama fights his way through the underground tunnel connecting the two, immediately makes the return trip, then minutes later is sent back yet again.
This cuts to the heart of the problem of allowing inland refugee claims and the establishment of a legal apparatus to entertain them. Those hearing asylum claims and deciding on their validity here in Canada are too far removed from the countries producing the asylum claims to make a qualified decision since they have little context to work with. They know so little about those nations and may even be hard pressed to find them on a map. Operating in a bubble of near ignorance their opinion of a foreign country may be solely shaped by what they read in the news. This systemic ignorance is a major reason why Canada's asylum system is rife with abuse.
There have also been scholars.
The IoM’s financial ties to the sickness and disease industry
The older two are at boarding school in England, where we come from. The younger two go to school here in Grand Cayman, where we live.
The photo op line ran a bit long (which makes me incredibly happy for Heather! Her lines all weekend were really long which means a lot of work for her, but at the same time, how awesome is that?!) so I thought I’d missed the Return of the Living Dead announcement that was supposed to happen before a short film package that I wanted to see. Luckily, they hadn’t started yet and while I had guessed what the announcement was going to be about thanks to a few clues that were dropped, I was still incredibly excited to see the trailer.
Paper: chocolate chip, riding hood red, crumb cake (SU), classic ivory (Flourishes), designer papers (MME)
One thing that was interesting was to find old boyfriends that in high school, you just thought you’d die if they didn’t fall madly in love with you, and see what they look like now. Don’t lie. You know you all did the same thing!!
I don't own many Butter London polishes. I find the price tag a little hard to take on their more standard colors, but I will pony up when the finishes or shades are more unique. I guess that's true for me with a lot of brands though!
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silpats. Choose sanding sugars of your choice and pour liberal amount of each color into separate small, deep bowls. Sift together flours, starches, xanthan gum, and salt. Set aside. Cream together butter and powdered sugar. Add lemon zest, juice, and vanilla extract. Using hand or stand mixer on low setting, slowly add flour mixture.
Black glitter
Line a 12 cup muffin tin with paper liners and set aside.
The Chinese want to make us a trade hub in South Asia. The writer says China is not as much capable as the US of providing us defensive assistance, but it was the China that assisted us in the 1965 war against India. The US, on the contrary, …
I will make a separate article about Binggrae Ice Cream. I hate going out of topic.
"But hark! through the noise of waters
As I was about to find a seat to sit, the bus started rolling its wheels aggressively. I could slide if I didn’t hold an iron bar on time. The bus here was terrible… It seemed as if I wasn’t riding on a bus but a roller coster on the road. The bus turned left, turned right sharply as if it had run alone in the street. It was much worse than the shaking ferry I took. I got a headache. I wouldn’t believe there are such buses in this world if I didn’t tried it. I wondered how the elderly took this crazy bus…
Musée de la Chasse et de la Nature
She shuts him out, devastated, and John found comfort in the arms of other women.
The King James Bible was not the first English Bible. That appeared around 1382 when John Wycliffe (1328-1384) translated Jerome’s Latin version, called the Latin Vulgate, into English.
I am finally becoming a blogger! Seeing as how I am studying to be a journalist, I probably should’ve started one already….but life gets in the way, as every one knows. So I sit at my desk in my currently ant-infested room, making sure my feet don’t touch the floor so the little buggers don’t bite me (I already have several pink bumps on my toes), trying to think of an absolutely amazing topic for my first blog so people will actually want to read it.
Many lost, what's another one or two
Chris Matthews, host of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” raved about a speech President Obama made to American troops during his surprise visit to Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan.
It's just not the same...and all because of thoughtless people.
Hello again everyone!
In honor of National Scrapbook Day, this month’s challenge is simple…Just scrapbook!!!! Anything and everything… there is no required theme, no color scheme, no sketch…anything goes!!!! And what’s a celebration without a prize?? At the end of the month, one random follower will be blessed with a surprise package of goodies from me.
* or a filename which includes the directory.
That being said this is definitely a not a book for the faint of heart. There are some very bloody scenes in it, but isn't that to be expected from a book about serial killers? The writing style is likely not going to be for everyone...the whole thing has a bit of a quirky horror feel. It vaguely reminds me of a horror movie from 2002 called May directed by Lucky McKee. Not in the storyline, but in the style it's done. Both have this certain quality that gives you this urge to laugh out loud, even at some truely horrific scenes.
You get the picture and, they are all beautiful.
A study in ‘Real Politik’ (2010)
which in which either gender can appropriate the other gender's
A group of young people gathered outside the historic Jamia Masjid mosque in Nowhatta after Friday prayers on 19 August in response to a call for a Martyrs Day march by Syed Ali Shah Geelani, the chairman of one of two factions of the Hurriyat Conference, a political alliance formed in the 1990s that wants self-determination for Kashmir. Police and CRPF units intervened quickly, using batons and slingshots to disperse them.
Whose abundant mercy is Peter speaking of? God’s abundant mercy or the Father’s abundant mercy?Which is it? It is so now we have the mercy of three. Or is it two since trinitarians claim that the first person is God and the first person is the Father so now we have two first persons and no third because Jesus is the alleged second person.
Or stand up and fight?
Yes, that's the same me.
While working with the Brontë Parsonage Museum the garden’s designer, Tracy Foster, said she had discovered that although the Brontës were influenced by the landscape around them, they were not very good domestic gardeners.
Palin is aware of her diminishing star power however, and she is determined to place herself back in the spotlight. Much like her intentionally long-delayed presidential announcement was designed to maintain her relevance for as long as possible, her present reluctance to endorse a presidential candidate serves the same purpose. By teasing her Tea Party sycophants who tend to obey her every command, Palin has maintained some relevance within that small but diminishing faction of society.
Help of the helpless, oh, abide with me. (Abide with Me, Henry F. Lyte)
Sparks had just relocated to England at that time, and you answered an ad in Melody Maker looking for a "beard free bass player". Had you heard of Sparks at that point?
It was a really mind winter. Europe got minus 25/30.
Thus is much contradiction in the report of these pretended apparitions. They contradict each other in regard to His pretended ascension to heaven; for Luke and Mark say positively that He went to heaven in presence of the eleven apostles, but neither Matthew nor John mentions at all this pretended ascension. More than this, Matthew testifies sufficiently that He did not ascend to heaven; for he said positively that Jesus Christ assured His apostles that He would be and remain always with them until the end of the world.
3 smooth
5) I have driven alone from Los Angeles to Bar Harbor and back.
I'm proud to be counted in that group.
Didn't get to play around with the paper today, I frequently suffer from insomnia and was up late last night uploading pictures of the Valentine's so I had a few naps during the day. This afternoon I had a visit with my youngest Grandson, TJ which was loads of fun. He's not yet 2 but almost there and loves to go outside. It warmed up enough, and dried out enough that he could actually go out in the sunshine for a little while. So he chased the ducks a little while ( I have a small herd of 8) and ran up and down the small hill which is the back yard. He got his fill of fresh air then came back in to play with Uncle Fitz's Thomas the Train wooden set. We had the track in a figure 8 on the coffee table and boy were those trains a movin! Tuckered him out so he had to crawl up with Mamaw on the couch and have a little nap where he still was when Mom and Dad came back from the movies.
There are circumstances where it is difficult not to be angry, but even in them; we can find a better way of handling it without hurting someone else in the process. Sometimes the solution can be as simple as speaking with the person who is making us angry to find a resolution, or distancing ourselves from people who seem to purposely try to anger us.
Just now the night vs day ratio is rapidly increasing and this seems to be throwing some people off with regards to when it's okay to be out on your bike and when it isn't. As a car driver I'm legally required to have working lights and to use them when the conditions call for it. Unlike cars, bikes don't legally require lights, however, a working light must be on when cycling at night. Simple? I'd say so. Except given the number of morons I've seen in the last week cycling around at night with nothing to allow them to be seen is unbelievable.
I watch as the second hand stops
he is doing fine and so am I! I am praying it all continues to go well.
It’s hard to defeat those voices, especially when you’re stuck in the murky middle or you’re in the throes of revisions and your darlings are still not behaving themselves and sticking to the main storyline. Or when you feel like you’re too clichéd or you receive a rejection on the last full manuscript you have out there or someone else wrote a story that sounds exactly like yours.
