Instruction
What if the victims, were themselves part of a larger crime network?
moaning and screaming so loud as
The ingredients printed on the packed says the bread sticks are made from wheat flour, sugar, butter, salt, yeast, milk and a little colouring. Mmmmm, colouring?...I don't think it needs colouring...lol!
Pocket publishes urban fantasy, which should feature a strong heroine, dramatic world-building and sexy action-adventure. These stories may be told in first person and may feature a character who continues across many books. They also publish paranormal romance, in which the focus is more on the romance.
We should have just spent $.32 on the cone. That’s all she was really interested in. She took a few bites of the ice cream, but she reveled in the waffle cone. I am going to buy a box of Ice Cream Cone brand ice cream cones from Times and serve it to Madison like a snack. We’ll end up saving money that way. You know, unless they decide to build a Baskin Robbins in Mililani Mauka. Which isn’t completely out of the question, mind you. They’re multiplying like rabbits (for you biologist) or wet Mogwai (for you 80′s movies buffs) or like Mets losses (if you’re a Mets fan).
-jittery Jera
scissors on paper stack
At first, I was going to go by the local gun shop that has served as my family's armory since 1984. After all, they have a long history of not bullshitting us about what we need.
father on that far shore years ago?
The use of c:geo live maps on the c:geo app is very helpful for finding GZ; they more or less lead you right to the hiding place vicinity. With this one, there were not many muggles about, one gent and his sheepdog went past, and just after I re-hid the cache, another guy went past on another adjacent path with his 4-legged muggles.
As a result of these remarks and in conjunction with Brodsky, Andrew Carroll founded The American Poetry and Literacy Project to distribute free books of poetry in unlikely locations. APLP has placed poetry in schools, hotels, subway and train stations, hospitals, jury waiting rooms, supermarkets, truck stops, day-care centers, airports, zoos, and phone books nationwide.
if skirting around coherence settles on your giddy aptitude
Stockbridge, MA ♦ A new, full-day summer camp held at Berkshire Botanical Garden in partnership with the Farm Education Collaborative featuring: Children’s Food Production Garden; hands-on animal care, chickens, bunnies, goats, and sheep; growing the food we eat; weekly farm stand run by children; and celebrating together at the Friday Farm Feast. Our days will be filled with tending resident animals, gardening, cooking and baking food we grow, arts and crafts, singing, games, water play and much more. A caring garden and farm community brimming with expertise and a low staff-to-camper ratio. Located on the beautiful 15-acre Berkshire Botanical Garden, Farm in the Garden Camp is a unique and memorable experience for children and their families.
400 men were made redundant from the local steel mill in January. Simply making available Jobcentre Plus advisers on a Saturday afternoon just doesn’t cut the mustard.
Does anyone know the truth about Nadya? The grandmother didn’t even know she got the $168K disability payments while she was churning out babies with a disabled back. And if it is true that she was paid it is a Dr Mengele type of wrongness.
Visitors will also be invited to the Manager’s House, where interpreters will demonstrate how a Thanksgiving feast was prepared in the early 19th Century.
The biggest flaw is this theory is the wording of article 3.17.5 which describes the test and the mounting of the splitter. But typically the FIA rules are both vague and overly specific at the same time. The regulation states that mounting between the “front of the bodywork on the reference plane” and the “survival cell” (Monocoque) must be not be capable of deflection. The definition of “front of the bodywork” might mean its leading edge, but might not incorporate stays further back along the car. Equally the design of the fulcrum need not be the pivot I drew, but a simpler solid but flexible part, that is not suspected to deflect.
To be honest, this Manequim edition is likely going to be more useful to me than many Burda’s I buy automatically every month without thinking! I am going to stop buying every single Burda though, I have many more than I can use given my chronic lack of time, and the March Burda is such a terrible fail!
I used to be on Tumblr all day every day, so I saw pictures, videos, and event recaps as they came into the light of popularity.
He ran inside, following the innkeeper.
1/4 cup vinegar
What do you truly enjoy? Take an inventory of your skills, your education, and your volunteer work. Once you have determined your skill set, search out employers in your area that need your skills. You can find many employers on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. You can use http://www.careertest.net/ to discover your personality type and http://www.careerpath.com/ to discover potential careers.
In his courageous address, A Time to Break Silence, at the Riverside Church Dr. King said:
Sunday and Monday- drier and warmer with temperatures in the 60s.
Roni Horn
And they have. Even though it is the cool of April, a lone Swallowtail caterpillar just this day is inching his/her way along the stem of one of two volunteer parsley plants as it enjoys dining priveleges its forbears never had. Miraculousy, and with no help from me, two parsley plants have sprouted to the side of my porch. I will protect these plants with daily surveillance and routine fertilization. These twin parsleys will become the Ritz of parsley plants for visiting Swallowtails.
While going through my mail I always toss bills aside and head straight for the catalogs and magazines. This past weekend I was happy to see the new West Elm catalog in my stack of mail. I loved seeing that they have collaborated with Etsy. I love Etsy, but it can a bit overwhelming going through all of it. WE made things a little easier for me and spotlighted some of their favorite shops.
Q: Many of my readers are younger, in high school or college, but you and I discussed how hard those first few romantic relationships can be (mine sure as hell were!). Can you share some wisdom about teenage/college-age relationships and what those readers will find beneficial from your book even if they don't necessarily think their partner is cheating on them?
On another note I have just been browsing down through the books I've read this year and looking at the ones I didn't bother writing reviews for. I noticed that I don't bother writing some reviews for two reasons;
For the Bible tells me so.
**Ice cubes left on the floor that melt and get my socks wet. I despise this!
Sometimes I feel I've got to run away
8:45-5:20 - At work
We would both be screamed at to go to our rooms, that was always where the punishment was meted out. For some reason I always seemed to get mine first. I can’t really tell you what was said while I was being belted, there was always a lot of yelling and screaming and I guess at the time I was just too busy trying to deflect the blows from the belt to actually pay attention to what was being said. Funnily enough, my mother was never present when the belting’s occurred. She was always conveniently located outside, in the far corner of the yard or in the shed. That never made much sense to me, I always thought that since she had perceived that we had been so horrible to her for two weeks that she would participate in some way. She has always been such an extreme control freak that I am amazed she wasn’t there just to make sure my dad was belting us the “right” way. But it seemed that it was enough for her to have spent the 2 weeks prior to the incident manipulating and scheming to ensure that the discipline was served. It must have been exhausting for her, the poor dear!
And most importantly, to walk the walk. Behave as you would like your child to behave.
The story is about the journey which unfolds the political scenario of rural India. Film starts with hooliganism and clan wars between towns and runs with the love story of Arjun and Parineeti.
Third key coverage area: Protection for your Car
Both films end with a shot on the road.
58. Shame face ah feel like cent ice. When you are made to feel ashamed, you wish you could disappear from the public’s eye.
Goldman Sachs is reporting its quarterly earnings tomorrow, and chances are that the firm made a lot of money. Today would probably have been a good time to buy Goldman stock at a discount.
In John 3:16-17, we find that,
Anyone who has a sudden fever, chills, or tender, swollen lymph nodes within a week of visiting a known plague area should see a doctor immediately, officials advised.
Mary xx
Hinge (or a swing variation-hard style here, no X-Fit technique…)
Level 18: MP Cost: 17, 92% chance to cancel the enemy’s buffs, Time between skills: 18 seconds.
Having lived in a city that is partially ensconced within the largest reservation in Michigan, I was more familiar with the topics of domestic violence, poverty, substance abuse, and low expectations than I think Mr. Alexie’s intended audience is in general. I also held a job at an institution owned and operated by the economic development corporation run by the tribe, and interacted with many of the archetypical characters found within Mr. Alexie’s novel. I met Arnold’s family, who dealt with substance abuse and poverty on a daily basis. I conversed with his Grandmother and Uncle Eugene. I even met many people who took the brave steps that Arnold did to break free of the cycle of poverty, and who probably had many of the same questions and trials as Arnold in trying to find their own identity.
Fourth Of July In Calcutta
I have enjoyed Arizona so far, especially the warm weather that allows us to go outside and play, and the fresh oranges. I have found a fantastic park that we go to multiple times a week. It’s about a 10 minute drive but it gets us out of the ghetto. And aside from the base thumping music that can be heard every night making it impossible to sleep, we are settling in to our little (tiny) living space slowly. Poor Cam is having a hard time adjusting and has trouble sleeping every night and is extremely moody and clingy. I’m thinking he misses his Grandma’s and Grandpa’s. I do miss family in Utah and I’m looking forward to, hopefully, moving (AGAIN!!!) back there…in about 2 months.
After your tea ring is cooled, you can ice them. Simply mix all of the icing ingredients and drizzle it on your ring.
This led to an altercation between Balaram and a Dalit member of the ward and Balaram Parida made casteist remarks on him besides using filthy language. Later, both Balaram and the Dalit member lodged FIRs against each other at Nikirai police station.
My problems at the beginning were, random restarting, random crashing, random wallpaper changes, didn’t reboot a few times, had to battery pull a few times a day. Phone heating up like crazy, Browser crashes (it isn’t my network, i’ve changed from vodafone to aircel to even wifi)
I've lived too long on my knees.
Two sets of humans are at war: the monotheist Unis, waging a “crusade against the vermin that infest this land”, and the pantheist Manis, who have allied themselves with the fantastical races. The orcs of the title are a band of brothers (and one sister) fighting for the Manis: the Wolverines. Whichever set of humans win, the magical races know their time is limited. The Wolverines are orcs (and one dwarf) on a mission, Dirty Dozen-style. Having successfully blown up a bridge (or rather, dissolved one of its legs with a magical potion to make it collapse), they are sent by merciless witch queen Jennesta (who for some reason we get to see topless) on an escort mission, taking goblin sorcerer Eegett-Qinx on the road to test a powerful new weapon.
How does one handle a cleansing crisis?
80's. Everyone is twittering and Facebooking about it...interesting to
Then I set about checking out bed and breakfast type establishments. I’ve never stayed in one of those. I found one that actually doesn’t serve breakfast. This was actually a key attraction for me. Instead, they have a stocked kitchen and you just do your own thing. EXCELLENT if you know anything about my life and sleep patterns.
For online registration Credit Cards and Debit Cards are accepted
Ugh-great. I wasn't even where to start! But I work hard for the little money I earn while I am in school so I was high tailing it to figure out what happened.
“Yes,” said Diane. She was pleased to hear him say the things he was saying. Getting out into the country seemed to be having a good effect on him.
E-40's two latest installments in the Revenue Retrievin' series are the loudest albums I heard in 2011, and I don't mean that as some kind of euphemism about how hard the beats hits anything. I mean they are literally, by far, the loudest music on my iPod, so much so that they've kind of made my playlist of 2011 albums impossible to listen to on shuffle -- every few songs some E-40 slap comes up sounding twice as loud as the last song I had on and makes my ears bleed. I don't know if it's a quirk of mastering or what, and in truth it's kind of aggravating, but it also seems appropriate for such vibrant, relentlessly inventive and upbeat rap albums.
David Bowie - Width Of A Circle
North asked the General and the Commander in Chief if they knew what The Weed Hound was. Neither had ever seen anything like it before. North pushed it into the ground above a nearby weed, pulled up on the handle and effortlessly lifted out the entire weed, root and all. Their jaws dropped.
Mouthwash to cleanse our mouths
In no particular order of importance or chronology:
*sleeping in on Saturdays
One reminder ... here's where we started with this wall :
how it however briefly
After crossing the carparking area beside the softball diamonds I kept with the “off-road” theme and rode straight ahead between the hockey and football fields. In the far left corner is yet another greenway and by following your nose you will eventually get to Rosedale Road.
**Only if not using a poolish
Red Oak
This movie gets me thinking. Ian clearly has a rough life, albeit mostly of his own volition (Annik). While I don’t endorse suicide as an option to get out, I won’t lie and say that when my depression peaks, suicide hasn’t crossed my mind. It’s just so… permanent. This is the thing that keeps those thoughts at bay for me. If I do that today, what will I miss tomorrow? kind of thinking. It works for me, which means that thankfully, I am not really ready to bow out. Ian, however, died at 23 years old. In 1980. May 1980.
I plan to try the Southwest Dinner Sauce at our next Turkey Taco Salad night.
The thickets are green.
"I ate a valium one time and pooped my pants. It was awful."
The deputies who served the warrants found 32 cats at the location last Wednesday, too. Some of them appeared to be in poor health.
There’s one big fact that’s not backed up. There is no proof that there’s ever anything like a gay, lesbian or bisexual or transgendered child, or teen or human. One of the other things you’re gonna see as I mentioned is a big campaign GLSEN’s gonna roll out this year calling for ‘respect,’ respect! Not just for people, but for homosexual lifestyle. The PR campaign to hold up gay as a good thing: the lifestyle, not the person, because there are no such humans.
And now, my chickens, I’m crossing my fingers, pulling on a light coat, and hoping for the 70 degree weather I have coming to me.
In the end, this sequel is unquestionably superior to Hulk — who’d've thought a near-unknown director, whose major previous credit was the fairly risible Transporter 2, could best Ang Lee? The Incredible Hulk is a good blockbuster in its own right, requiring no need to have suffered the previous film, and there’s even room for a sequel. Now there’s something I didn’t think last time.
While the dough rests, combine ingredients for sauce.
Iván Meade - One of my favourite characteristics on your landscape design is the use of water as a visual element - Why is water so important in your designs, what are your thoughts behind the use of water?
And gloat about how similarity has made sure that we never fought,
“Windows gives me the family, nature never could.”
If there is something that you feel I wrote in error, PLEASE let me know in the comments section. Also, if there’s a Nicaraguan dish that you know of that I haven’t listed, feel free to let me know. I’ll then seek it out, eat it, photograph it and write about it.
Here are some of the most egregious examples:
I have to confess that this 'God-me' is a bit more than I can handle. She's constantly stepping out of her comfort zone. She's shameless, fearless, intimidating (yes, even to me)! She's more than I can tame! She's seriously "blessed" and dangerous. But, why wouldn’t she be? When we put God's label on something, it's bound to shake up our cozy little world!
At most fast food restaurants they enforce a rule called the two finger smile. This rule dictates that if you put your top two fingers next to your mouth, holding the fingers together like you’re making a gun out of them, and then smile, your smile needs to be the same height as the fingers.
Thanks in advance for the suggestions and advice!
I made this card by taking a couple of cards I had seen on Pinterest and smashing them all together! I had seen the idea for the heart recently on the Pebbles Inc. blog and in an issue of Scrapbook Etc. I started by cutting two hearts on my Cricut, one at 3" and one at 3 1/4". I used my scraps and cut several one inch squares. Starting in the center of the heart, I started layering the squares. Once the heart was covered (there are two small spaces that didn't get covered but I hid them by using my distress ink!) I turned it over and trimmed off the excess. I added two long banners and a sentiment from the Authentique Noteables card.
By the time Girl Crazy came to the screen again, Hollywood's attitude toward musicals had changed diametrically, and with a will. A look at Clive Hirschhorn's comprehensive coffee-table book The Hollywood Musical tells the tale: 10 musicals in 1932, when the first woebegone movie of Girl Crazy came out, versus 50 of them in 1942, the year MGM decided to do it again, and 75 in 1943, when MGM's Girl Crazy was released. By now, musicals had become the jewels in Hollywood's crown. Even Universal's remake of The Phantom of the Opera had more opera and less phantom than the original silent version with Lon Chaney (sound gave Universal some wiggle room, and they decided to fill it with singing).
but really that was not the word at all.
He is eating well and gaining weight, according to police.
Unfortunately baby has been poorly and and is still in hospital.
I want my kids to get home from parties safely.
Once a year, we the alumni group, offer up the opportunity for current band members to win a scholarship.
Here in Tidewater we are the traditional first notch in the camellia belt that stretches down the coast, across the south all the way to east Texas. In Charleston, where I once spent a three-year vacation, Carolina gardeners are quite proud of their camellias and proud of the fact that the first camellia garden was established at Middleton Place. So I was surprised to learn that actually the first camellias in the country were imported by John Stevens of Hoboken, New Jersey in 1797 or 1798 (after all, it is the Garden State). I was also surprised to learn that three out of my twelve camellias orginated in, California (another great camellia state) at Nuccio's Nurseries, including one of my favorite's, Camellia japonica 'Nuccio's Gem'. Ultimately, all camellias originated in the Orient and have a history there spanning millennia, so I should just let go of the notion that they are somehow especially southern.
And then, somehow after year (or less) it looks like I never did anything at all, so I have to do it all over again.
- Please leave a comment telling me what your favourite thing about reading blogs or blogging is - for 1 entry
09/19/2011 BUY 0.01 audusd 1.01758 09/20/2011 1.02734 +9.88
2. I have ants in my pants to get back in the swing of things when it come to working out. I took the first week very easy like the docs told me to do but I noticed at that 1 week mark I was up in the kitchen cooking again, doing laundry and back to my house work at the very least. Yesterday I was going to get out with the Bob Stroller because it reached 55 degrees here (which is my threshold for taking out the little one) but the tires were flat and the infant carrier adaptor wasn't on the Bob! So today the weather is very similar and we are going for our first walk!
Average White Band – Queen Of My Soul
The main reason the Afrikaner Nationalists even rose to power in the new British created macro state at all was due to the excesses of British brutality in the concentration camps which lead to the deaths of 24 000 Boer children - which was close to 50 % of the Boer child population - of which the Afrikaner Nationalists were able to effectively marshal a political response to in the mobilization of the greater White Afrikaans speaking population even though this also lead to the marginalization of the actual Boer people in question since the loose political association of the White Afrikaans speaking groups made the Boer people a minority under the control of the Cape based Afrikaners who only used the Boers' history in order to justify their control of the new macro State imposed by the British with the South Africa Act of 1909 onto the region.
Method for Cream Key Lime Filling: Stir together milk, lime peel and lime juice in small bowl; set aside. Beat whipping cream in chilled medium bowl with electric mixer on high speed until soft peaks form. Fold milk mixture into whipped cream just until blended.
Somehow, though, when it comes to weight control, you believe that you’re solely responsible for dropping your excess pounds and changing your habits. To make it worse, when you’re gaining weight, even the fans are chipping in on your side; the world around us wants us to gain weight in the form of big portions, drive-throughs, and family dinners that could feed a small municipality. Then when you’re trying to lose weight, it’s as if everyone’s against you; they bring junk food into the home, suggest that everyone goes out for ice cream, and feast on pork fat while you’re trying to gnaw on cauliflower.
The final episode, then, was classic Ringer – Bridget did come face to face with Bom-diggity Wikka-wikka, dispatching him in the rushed manner befitting a villain who we were consistently told was pure evil, but never actually did anything. Siobhan was also doting over her new-born babies (more twins!) while trying to kill Bridget, but then decided against it because… well, whatever. The final scene did offer one brief moment of respite when Bridget found out through terrible CCTV footage that Siobhan was still alive, but otherwise it was dull as dishwater. As the old adage goes, don’t pop your hatchet-wielding drug-addicted ex-wife jizz-bomb before the finale.
Kant’s self-styled “Copernican revolution” was a turning inward, to the study of the mind, for solutions to the perennial problems of philosophy. Kant is, among other things, something of a reactionary. Writing at the end of the century of the Enlightenment he sought to defend Christianity, freedom and morality from the threat posed, as he saw it, by empiricism’s atheistic, amoral worldview. Particularly Kant tried to devise an antidote to Hume, and realized that Hume’s Lilliputian psychology, with its denial that anything like the “mind” could even be said to exist beyond the “impressions” caused by sensory experience, was a weak spot in the empiricist argument. Developing an ambitious account of the way the mind organized the “sensory manifold” with a conceptual framework of its own (including the “concepts” of space, time, cause and effect, multiplicity etc), Kant contained the world as understood by the new natural science within a mental representation: the “phenomenal” world was the world as represented by the rational mind, not to be confused with the actual, “noumenal” world.
still i believe i am a foreigner here.
I was a bit annoyed and I stayed in my room & I started to get dressed again, they all went into the family room which was outside of my room, so I could not leave the room without being seen; and so I stayed in my room somewhat annoyed & I still wanted to take a bath, and I wondered why they came over & my guess was that maybe they wanted to sell something or maybe they wanted some money or something.
Don-We did not click, but you made good lunches.
07/17 - Detroit, MI DTE Energy Music Theatre
1- Being Transformed
And think to your own experience. Don’t you automatically want to like people who have the same name as you? Don’t you feel like they deserve more of a chance than other people? Actors, for example. I don’t just like David Tennant because he’s talented. Irrational as it is, I can’t help feeling that I ought to like him.
Edmondson: It came up during the last tour, we do these Bottom tours, two hours of live sitcom. We tour around Britain and we stay in a lot of hotels. We’ve stayed in a lot of crap hotels and the idea sort of grew from that.
As I've been arguing for the last year, the main hit is to Welfare. That was obvious, because Welfare recipients are atomised and pretty defenceless. There is no Claimants or Unemployed Workers Union with any economic or industrial muscle. Moreover, every Government, in such circumstances proposes Cuts, to FUTURE Welfare Payments, because, being in the future, it is open to all sorts of variation and manipulation. The other target, as Paul Mason points out, is Public Sector Pay and Pensions. Experience of Public Sector unions is that they may fight to save jobs, and, where that involves closure of services, it opens up the possibility of linking up with other workers affected by the closure, but, when it comes to pay and Pensions, they have been loathe to take action. Moreover, its pretty unlikely they could get the support of other workers simply to defend pay, and certainly not to defend Pensions. According, to the document, photographed on Danny Alexander's lap, it appears that they are proposing 480,000 job cuts, ONLY if some equivalent saving cannot be found from pay and pensions.
Royalties are set at 60% but only after the cost of print and retailer discounts have been taken off.
- couldn’t always get a good fit
Hi guys! I am back today with another fun Halloween card idea. I know it is a little early for Halloween stuff but every year I swear I am going to make more cards than I do because I start too late. I am trying to get a nice little pile made so that doesn't happen this year. So, here is my card...
On our wander to the London Eye we walked past a Boots store. For those who don't know, Boots is kind of a have it all store. Its kind of a pharmacy with a really extensive perfume/make up section, as well as a small range of kids clothes and toys. They also have a food and a fabulous meal deal. For less than 4 pound you can get a sandwich or salad, drink and a snack. Bargain. Best bit is, its tasty too. So we grabbed lunch and kept walking. We were unsure if we were able to eat on the Eye so sat outside to eat, slowly freezing in the process.
I recognize that vending is a vital economic and cultural lifeline in New York City. After meeting with unified street vending organizations, and corresponding with art street vendors, I have a strong understanding of the issues that street vendors face. These issues include vending laws that are often outdated and unenforceable, increasing fines, and unequal and improper regulation of a system that should encourage economic growth and empowerment. I believe that vending needs to be regulated efficiently and fairly.
Salt- 1 1/2 tsp
And this first happened to me
I acquired this plant in 2006 from LEWIS BAMBOO via mail order back in March, 2006. I purchased TWO plants at the time & the area we are standing in front of represents the growth since then of just ONE plant. Like most "running bamboo", the SASA PALMATA is an "aggressive grower" each year & must be "controlled" if it is to remain ... "tamed". Thankfully this can be done with a lawnmower; cutting down the new growth as it appears in the Spring. Older growth can be removed/thinned with a "weed eater".
"Yeah, I see Dick's too. Do you see Dick's over there?"
Meanwhile, there are many things you can do as a free mind slave, because staying within the system does NOT mean being passive. On the contrary, the free mind is constantly coming up with imaginative ways to make of the daily grind the frontline of resistence. Seen from within without the chains, the system is rife with weaknesses and inconsistencies, and there are as many ways of exploiting them as there are free minds willing and able to do so. It can even be FUN!
asked her if she'd like to try it again on another sunny
It all sounds a bit hipsterish to E@L, but everything is a-buzz, a-rattle. Gravel roads, done a few of those in his day. Surfing. Sand and gravel. The road through the Otways in those days, from Apollo Bay to Johanna,. Shit 20km of lock to lock on gravel 60km/h speed limit, lucky to get to 20km/h. (It was miles in those days.) And at night? And pissed/stoned? Bloody cold it was too. Windy, fuck yeah, like here.
The restaurant is long and narrow, with a row of tables on one wall and a sushi bar, booths and a few tables on the other wall. The decor is clean, modern and more minimalist. The menu I received was relatively small, and might have just been their lunch menu, as what is listed on their website is a much more extensive menu. I also saw their sushi menu, which is also quite extensive with a long list of maki rolls. Prices are reasonable. They have recently been approved for a wine and malt beverage license so will soon be bringing in Sake, wine and beer.
Hope you all have a lovely weekend and if you are a Mummy, get totally spoilt. I have the task of taking my daughter and friends shopping on Saturday but I hope to sneak off in the afternoon to Spring at the Barn over in Mells, Somerset organised by the lovely Rebecca AKA Edamay. Pop over if you are in the area.
The Prey by Linda Howard
The worst punishment a school can receive is something called the “Death Penalty.” This means that a school, no matter what Division they are a part of, cannot compete in a certain sport for an entire year. It has only been implemented five times, including twice for basketball programs. If this trend of recruiting violations continues to increase, punishments may start to be become more severe.
But also, all institutional religions are unworthy of their originators or greatest inspirations. In the hands of the worldly, the uninspired, the routine followers, the scholastics, they dry up over time. They become covered with irrelevant traditions that cling to them like barnacles. They can become perverted by fanaticism.
Tossed Lettuce Salad
Both of the boys are at ages where they’re rapidly changing at the moment – Judah in all his babyness (one milestone after another) and Levi in the midst of his toddler vocabulary explosion.
1-7 pm
As their dangerous search for the Magister and the truth leads the friends into peril, Tessa learns that when love and lies are mixed, they can corrupt even the purest heart. (goodreads.com)
“Oh Gawd, I thought we were over that! It's a fucking brand new spike.”
Hey everyone! I hope all of you had a wonderful Mother's Day! I know I did, & I may share a bit of our day at another time; but today I want to continue the tour of Spain with our trip to Granada & the Alhambra Palace.
Clear throat.
I visited the Paris catacombs as inspiration for my religious thriller novel Prophecy. The corridors stretch for kilometers underground and contain nearly six million skeletons. The bodies were moved from public cemeteries at the end of the eighteenth century to stop the spread of disease from the overflowing mass graves. The dead were brought to the catacombs at night in order to save the people of Paris from the disturbing scenes. But there were the inevitable rumors of grave-robbers, the dead rising as zombies, and the hand of Satan hovering over the city.
We were still on the topic of discussing the possible origin of the voices when we were to learn that the individual speaking was not Adelaide but was identified as Captain. Interesting, we thought. Further discussion brought another name who seemed to be speaking from Adelaide’s mouth and that was Amahl.
What to do
I am excited about what April has in store for all of you!! I have asked some amazing teachers to join me this month to share with you their best tips about teaching. In addition to that, they all have something FREE to share.
For more information, visit opendataottawa.ca.
Dad got the horses out for Darcy, (who looks cute in boots and a hat!), and by the time Brian & I got there they were done w/ their ride, so we took them out for a spin, and they took off. We are not experienced enough, so we ended stopping and walking them back. It didn't turn out as fun as we thought, but I'm glad it wasn't on Darcy's turn.
A Great and Terrible Beauty by Libba Bray
They sell two other slightly higher quality virgin coconut oils on the site, and one day I'll be able to afford those, but for cooking, which is mostly what I will use it for rather than medicinal purposes (ex. eating it directly) this one works for me. Notice I bought the non-certified version to save money. I was OK with that after reading where exactly the coconuts come from (see above).
After Stafford only managed to play in three games in 2010, the talk was could he stay healthy? Should the Lions have taken one of the other quarterbacks in the 2009 draft such as Mark Sanchez? Or should the Lions think about getting another quarterback since Stafford couldn’t stay healthy.
This is me!
Papers: Basic Grey (picadilly) and yellow Color'core; white cardstock
I don’t think any studies have been done to confirm this, but anecdotally it seems more and more people are becoming aware of nonduality throughout the world and since technology is making access to the teaching easier, this awareness will continue to grow.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a rapid boil. Add orecchiette and cook until al dente (about 12 minutes.) Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a very large skillet. Add the garlic and chickpeas and cook over high heat, stirring, until the chickpeas begin to pop. Add the sage, broth and pepper. Continue to cook over high heat until the broth reduces a bit and becomes syrupy (about 5 minutes.) Drain pasta well. Put butter in a large warm bowl and add pasta. Toss. Add chickpeas and broth to bowl and stir well. Add 1/2 cup cheese and salt to taste. Stir in the grated lemon zest. Mix gently. Drizzle with extra-virgin olive oil, if desired, and dust with remaining cheese. Garnish with small sage leaves. Serve immediately. Serves 4
While I absolutely love, love, love to cook, and plan on doing a ton of it during the summer, sometimes time is precious, and I really don't have the time to spend hours chopping, sauteing, and prepping - then cooking something in the oven for an hour.
I'm glad I got to "see" the Met's exhibit but found this key cite to be somewhat disconnected to the barefoot, whooping in delight, public yet private, magical sense I have felt at the others. It's like wishing you were in love with a best friend. You want to make it work so badly, because it would be so beautiful and easy to keep it controlled, and yet, in the end, you wind up yearning for those reckless butterflies.
Julie Bell
- 3/4 tbsp yeast
Despins was asked to stay on and teach at London Film School after completing his course, which he did for a year, after which he took a job working as an editor for the BBC. He would remain at the BBC for many years, and was there when work on Duffer commenced in 1971.
1 string
I realise that most people have not had the opportunity to go inside La Sante. What is the process? What degradation awaits? How does it smell, feel and look? During the War it housed those who had opposed the German occupation as well as violent criminals, and when France was liberated there was a bloody riot and many were killed. It had a bad reputation but what was it really like?
Try it with just eyeballs and if you don’t succeed after about 10 mins, then go ahead and use your 7x or 10x binoculars, which, should make it easy. I want you to try it first without binoculars. Go for the gusto. If you don’t find it with binoculars, then something is wrong.
H. Kona Navy
I want to start soon, so watch this space. I will inform you of the details as soon as I have some!
Lizzie's garden (formerly the Michelle Obama rocks, Monsanto sucks, honorary organic garden) is flourishing. Lizzie took it over by moving her lawn chair in there one morning and saying "I LIKE MOMMY'S GARDEN!" and then proceeded to eat a carrot right out of the ground, dirt and all (luckily dirt makes your smarter.) So I've had to rename my little six foot by fourteen foot patch after my older daughter since she's apparently claimed it. And if I can grow it she'll eat it. I've had other mommy-friends look on in wonderment as she devours homegrown carrots, green beans and cucumbers but leaves her mac and cheese untouched.
Is he losing the fight, or just bending to see?
Do try this at home
So why do you join a tradition where the ideas and practices behind it are clearly laid out, if you don’t agree with it? One of the things that still bothers me about Wicca, are the people in it.
I thought I was thine.
salsa (optional)
So Life with Kerri is back on track. Did you miss us?
O'Hanlons Port Stout, 4.8% abv, 568mls, Units : 2.73.
Eleven years later, Scott did the unthinkable . . .
Yep, things are really going well. We anticipate the things that aren't will be eventually. Until then, we just need the patience and understanding that it takes to help Jacob continue to develop in a healthy way. We trust that Jacob is happy here with us. In fact, recently, as he's drifting to sleep in our arms, we catch him smiling to himself in his sleep, and that brings us peace and joy!
- Assumption Foundation Scholarship
Nancy Lang decided to sponsor her shoe for this ^^
1371 ***D-II/14/2001. “Chance and the Good Life: An Autobiographical Sketch.” Lilly Faculty Research Working Group, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-15 (Projected), above, pp. 433-56 (2004).)
This isn’t far from Blue’s intended message. I asked her the meaning of the hoop (the meaning of the act of hooping) and what her protagonist thought she was doing out on that wharf—Blue explained the character is homeless; it’s not easy for her to find completely private places to practice hooping, especially in St. John’s, NL.
Now to Mockingjay… Where to begin with this book. This is where the wheels came off on the Hunger Games. It is almost like Collins was replaced as the author by an actual young adult. The more I think about this book, the less I like it. In fact, here is a list of some things I hate in this book:
But some of those sailors did not believe as we see in verse 30. “And as the shipmen were about to flee the ship, when they had let down the boat into the sea…” There are so many who have heard the good news, the gospel of their salvation and still think that their way is better. Or they may try to add a bit of their own work to the work of Jesus Christ, just to make sure, not knowing that work nullifies grace. This is seen in Romans 11:6. “And if by grace, then is it no more works; otherwise grace is no more grace.”
There are some good actors in this flick,this was the only reason I ventured any were near it in the first place,Ralph Fiennes(Lead and Director) plays an arsehole who has swallowed William Shakespears whole collection and is regurgitating it throughout most of this film.
3. Bridge to Terabithia ~ by Katherine Paterson
Up tonight I’m finishing work, meeting friends for Korean BBQ (which I have never had- should I be scared? Probably not? Good, I won’t be), and then putting myself to bed at a reasonable hour.
Enabling your email so that others can respond to your comments via email:
The aide came in with water and a smile. Meg took a few small sips before her mother pulled the cup away, earning a scowl.
Neo then visits the Oracle (now played by a different actress due to the untimely death of Gloria Foster) who engages in yet another overlong conversation of sheer mumbo jumbo. Essentially Neo and Smith are a yin and yang, and the war will soon end. After Neo leaves, Smith appears and takes over both the Oracle and her protector.
After the game I caught up with coach Troy Thompson to talk about the Indians victory.
If only they could have gotten Mary Huner to play the prostitute Alex brings up to his apartment as well. I mean, no offense to Eva Lee (who plays the prostitute in question), but her delivery of the line, "you crazy, bastard!" after being slashed in the face with a straight razor, while hilarious, was downright awful.
Oh and did you know transom windows are now considered green and living above where you work is green? I guess that proves the point everything old is new again.
End quote
Now here is the comparison to Toxic Avenger:
(For those of you who are new, I am currently working my way through Jane Eyre, by Charlotte Brontë, with my good friend Amanda. I have an earlier post here, and Amanda’s blog can be found here.)
— Avoid stereotyping by race, gender, age, religion, ethnicity, geography, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance or social status.
Second, though and more troubling, is that nobody fights for them.
This is so much fun as a writer. I giggled at my ridiculous situation and cleaned it up grateful it was club soda and not some sticky pop. Perhaps though my character will be in a different place and that stinging finger will be the final , straw! You can imagine where that might lead. I won't write it here. I don't feel like cleaning up blood on the blog, although...I've read that club soda removes bloodstains...interesting coincidence uh?
That wouldn’t be a very nice thing for him to do and he is not insane so can make a rational judgement and decision over this exact scenario.
and the guy with coupons
I listen. The cicadas charge the air with urgency. The humidity moves their song from murmur to sobbing in the near distance. The darkness seems to remind me I cannot hear well, but I listen.
This was the dessert served at my younger aunt's wedding reception, more than 25 years ago. Her 4 small nieces were all dressed in coordinating pale pink frocks, frothy concoctions of satin and lace. We took advantage of the general chaos and the relative lack of adult supervision, and ate plate after plate of cassata ice cream, giddy with the joy of tasting three different flavors at one go. I don't think I have tasted it since. Food memories can be so powerful and long-lived.
They're not girls with specific names ...
May 26, 2012 2:30-5:30 Cricut Class "Intro to TBBM2"
McCarthy at L&M, perhaps most shockingly, appears pretty tame, and two of the works, Ship and Apple, come across as almost collegial, despite their lumpen masses of rips and tears. Train Mechanical, though graphic with its portraits of W giving it to a group of pigs, comes across, at least to me, as far less disturbing than your average, sincere Disney animatron. But to say that these sculptures are tame, though a criticism, is not a proper criticism of McCarthy. “Tame” and “shocking” are neither powerful qualifiers of a work of art nor are they in anyway descriptive.
I'm a bit ashamed of this one and got made fun of a lot for it. I was staying at my friend's cottage and we were all tired on the second or third night so we decided to rent a movie and Darkness Falls seemed fun and silly enough to work. I felt the beginnings of a cold so while we were in town I picked up some meds and my friends raided the LCBO. I felt so lousy I didn't drink at all. My friends who got pissed had a great time while I could barely bring myself to look at the screen. Darkness Falls' boogeyman is the Tooth Fairy or some nice old lady who was nicknamed that. Anyway, kids go missing towns people burn her now she's a ghost that will kill you if you go into the dark, but if you're in the light you're safe. There's even more convoluted plot than that but I'll spare you. Point being, the whole thing creeped me out. The climax takes place in a lighthouse. After the movie finished my friends decided to stumble to the lighthouse near the cottage. I declined.
But this past January the state diatetics and nutrition board decided Cooksey’s blog — Diabetes-Warrior.net — violated state law. The nutritional advice Cooksey provides on the site amounts to “practicing nutrition,” the board’s director says, and in North Carolina that’s something you need a license to do. It's probably a safe assumption that most people don't pay much attention to diabetes issues unless they have it. The only reason I pay attention is because I'm the only one in my family blood line that doesn't have type II diabetes - and I'm closer than I'd like to be. If you don't follow it closely, you won't know there is a massive schism between people who proactively attack their diabetes in an attempt to escape the complications (virtually all amputations in the US are due to diabetes) and the dietary recommendations of the American Diabetes Association. The ADA recommends a diet high in carbohydrate in the form of "healthy whole grains", but the folks who attack the problem have (seems to me) all learned the best treatment is a low (or even zero) carbohydrate diet - the opposite of the ADA's approach. While the ADA recently published a magazine article saying, in essence, "shut up, take your medicine and do what we say", the people following the alternate theory end up getting off medications and even off insulin, like Cooksey. Seems to me that has to be safer.
...Kevin B. Barry, a former supervisor in the New York Police Department bomb squad, said that if the device had functioned, “it would be more of an incendiary event” than an explosion.
The grand jury has been hearing evidence for six months. The charges range from official misconduct to grand larceny, and stem from a two-year investigation by the police department’s Internal Affairs Bureau, which was initially looking into a single officer’s relationship with a known drug dealer. Wiretaps subsequently revealed the ticket-fixing, as well as other violations.
Great Tuesday-
Starbucks will also introduce Red Velvet Whoopie Pies, Mini Cupcakes, and Sweet Squares.
I felt it return, the regret clawing at the remains,
I couldn't be there in the morning--had to work---but I got a call to tell me that he still had his rug on----he wore it like that for a week, even out in his yard til I changed it---I took off the webbing straps so he could get to the sides of the rug--he left it alone---so I took off the bib and got the same result.
I know all this may sound strange to someone who isn’t involved in dairy operations so let’s compare it. It’s like going into a beautifully designed home with all of the newest and prettiest features compared to a rundown single wide mobile home owned by slobs. HUGE DIFFERENCE. My barn seems dark and dingy in comparison…but ours isn’t finished off on the inside or painted yet either. Lawton’s barn is what I envision for our farm.
“HISTORIC”; “drastic”; “unbeatable”: no one could accuse Caixa Econômica Federal, Latin America’s fourth-largest bank, of downplaying its latest interest-rate cuts. Anywhere except Brazil, the supposedly cut-price loans it offers would look more like usury. Interest on overdrafts, for example, has fallen from 157% a year to 51%. Customers whose salaries are paid into a Caixa account will soon be offered a credit card charging 2.85% monthly—down from 12.86%. Yet Caixa is not exaggerating about the break with the past that its new rates represent. For Brazilians with recent memories of hyperinflation, an overdraft at 51% a year is an unheard-of bargain.
A couple of weeks ago, my husband brought home a dollhouse he found at a thrift store. We have no need for a dollhouse, really, but this one was really unique. It comes apart and fits into a wooden case--like an oversize brief case. When you put it together, you use the lid of the case as the bottom floor. Cool, huh?
The whiskey business changes slowly and it doesn't change very much, but it does change.
Photograph Taken: 07/04/2009
I also keep a little POSTAGE CADDY that has all my return address stickers, different postage and little note pads to include notes inside cards, etc.
as pianist’s fingers
I hope my roommates will forgive me for my indecent behaviour.
“We ask all the young people that have been misled by Al-Shabab to stop working with them,” the government statement added.
Unlike Anderson's original concept, however, the mansion obviously was successfully renovated some time ago, and this is the immaculate house that was brought to New Orleans Square. The older building only shows through during encounters with the ghostly presence that still possesses the place. The deeper we penetrate the house, the more we see it as it once was, as the ghosts continue to see it. That's the concept in a nutshell.
Besides the laws that regulate child education, pageants are a relatively ungoverned program. Child contestants are not considered ‘working,’ so pageants are exempt from federal child labor laws. Pageants also have different rules, so it becomes hard to set a law that will cover every pageant. New York, Texas, Massachusetts, Arkansas, California, Vermont and Maine do not have any laws regulating pageants.
I wanted to avoid the scene of my parents, waiting by the curb,
In addition, PACER’s National Bullying Prevention Center, The National Center for Learning Disabilities (NCLB), AbilityPath and Autism Speaks are partnering with The Bully Project to raise awareness about how bullying affects children with disabilities. Resources and a toolkit will be available soon at specialneeds.bullyingproject.com.
Should it? I mean, think about it. It is a tradition for your closest friends to actually poison you on your birthday. People forget that alcohol isn’t actually healthy for you. When drank in excess, you can die. It’s called alcohol poisoning. Essentially, your friends are trying to kill you. And on your birthday, of all days.
I purchased a couple new stamp sets from a SU party my friend Sandy had recently and one of those sets is the 'Heaven Blessed' set. And that is what I've used for the image inside my card today.
Ending at a wide, also-carpeted landing.
A few days later, the doctor came to his clinic one morning. He was out of his wits to see a snake lazily sitting on his desk. Seeing him, the snake raised its head and unfurled its hood. Shrieking, the doctor ran out of his room.
Paint everything, don't worry too much about staying in the lines b/c going to go over them a 3rd time
7. Buy “green” school supplies. School supplies are often made with slick plastics that are made from toxic chemicals. Protect your kids and the earth by buying backpacks with natural materials, recycled paper, and metal lunchboxes.
My neighbor, Bane McAssHole, has a problem cleaning a litter box, it seems. Either that or he's patching holes in the mortar with litter chucks.
By the time I arrive at the meeting place I am soaked from the dew and humid air. My hair hangs over my shoulders in a dripping curtain of dark ringlets. Gypsy is none-the-drier but she seems more alert than I am. I feel like I am drinking in the water, the dew, trying to make up for the years of parched dust that had settled on my body like a second skin. I shiver in the cold, early morning breath. Gypsy pricks her ears and I too hear the three beat rhythm of approaching cantering hooves. The bay horse emerges from the wall of trees, mist playing in his black mane. Henry smiles broadly and I can’t help my face breaking into a grin.
Overloading on carbs such as bread, rice, jacket potatoes or pasta can cause insulin levels to increase, which in turn inhibits fat burning and promotes fat storage. Instead, make vegetables the base of your evening meal and add some good quality protein in the form of lean red meat, fish, chicken, beans, pulses or nuts. Switching the ratios of the food you eat around in this way will also significantly decrease the calorie content of your meal. Try a prawn, beef or chicken vegetable stir fry, a salmon steak on a bed of sautéed red peppers and spring greens or a medley of roasted vegetables served hot with a little feta cheese on top.
The Australian citizen returned to his native Brisbane last December to recover from the trauma of nearly a decade in war zones (he covered the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan for Time prior to moving to CNN.)
Robie is disappointed when her aunt gets called away for business and she has to cut her visit short. The phones are down at Midway, so Robie boards a service flight (a flight that takes supplies and food items to the island - so it's just the pilot, co-pilot, and Robie on the plane) without letting anyone know. When that plane goes down into the Pacific, Robie and the co-pilot, Max, are the only ones to make it out alive. The pilot sinks right along with the plane. With Max's help, Robie makes it into the yellow life raft he inflated as the plane was going down. The two of them are left with no water, no food but a single bag of Skittles, and nothing but the vast ocean in sight.
This look: Lorac Primer; Urban Decay Book of Shadows IV pallet colors in Missionary, Bust, Gunmetal, and Crystal; Diorshow Blackout Mascara, and Flirt! Opening Line Liquid Eyeliner in Indigo-go
It's never a waste, I find, this chat, even though there's no telling whether it makes any difference. In this case, these folks were a dream. Sure, the idea of a 21st party is to get the celebrant to puke (apparently.) We can count that as a success, but she managed it cleanly into a garbage bag without spillage. Top points.
I am happy that I have some really wonderful reliable friends (both English as well as French).
Their skepticism towards bonds continue to persist. The last time the bulls outnumbered the bears in fixed income (10 year US Treasuries) was in August 2010. But hedge fund managers were once again bullish on the US dollar (30.6% compared to 27.7% in April).
- Self-absorbed - NEVER
And it’s more than even this raw agricultural connection that brings some provenance to the Cascade brews. With around 60 different farmers contracted to grow barley for the brewery there is a real and tangible community element to the story. You can imagine the supplier/customer relationships are as real and as honest now as they would have been when almost all commerce and trade were conducted this way.
until blood is spilled for blood.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- US hostage Warren Weinstein has appeared in an al Qaeda video for the first time since he was kidnapped in Pakistan in August last year. According to the US monitoring service SITE, the two-minute, 40-second video was posted on jihadist forums by al Qaeda's media arm As-Sahab on Sunday. There is no indication of when the video was made. The elderly Weinstein, dressed in a traditional Pakistani tunic and speaking impassively to a camera in English, tells his wife Elaine that "I'm fine, I'm well, I'm getting all my medications, I'm being taken care of."
Banana Man: Yep, after all we were ripe for action.
Mix flour, some salt and curry in a shallow dish. Dredge meat in flour and shake off excess. In a large stock pot, melt coconut oil. Place meat in and brown for a few minutes, turning as needed. Remove meat to a bowl. Add, chopped carrots, celery and potatoes to the stock pot. Let cook for a few minutes, stirring the vegetables to bring up the brown bits from the bottom of the pot. Add garlic and deglaze the pot with red wine. Add meat back in, and broth. Add coconut milk and stir. Simmer on low for as long as possible, at least 3 hours until meat is fall apart tender.
So that's just about the extent of my Fall decor, although I'm working on my Thanksgiving table and will show you tomorrow. How about your home...are you doing much for Fall, or just waiting for Christmas?
Here's a few of the photos she captured from our session together.
Since Sunday it has been great to live in this new way of thinking. I am so thankful to God, that I finally "GOT" it. I have been reading about accepting myself the way HE created me for so long, but it never did "hit" me, as it did this time. :-)
I did this card at Scrapbooking Heaven on Monday and they LOVED it. It was a few too many pieces for me to cut up and pre die cut and emboss 12 of... but what the heck I love the outcome and so did my students. I sprayed the background with a very light lavender BV000, by leaving the Spellbinders die on the image while spraying it, you get a white outline which I love.
God’s grace…..”charis” in Greek….what we don’t deserve, a free gift….It’s absolutely mind-blowing. Psalm 84:11- “For the Lord God is a sun and shield; The Lord will give grace and glory; No good thing will He withhold from those who walk uprightly.”
Last but ... well, least, is the RIVER HORSE LAGER. I don't mean to crap on this beer, but when are brewers going to realize that there is really only so much you can do with lagers.
Finally, after a couple years of working on it, my Calvin and Hobbes book collection is complete! I found the last one I needed yesterday. I was determined not to buy any of them new or online, I wanted to thrift them all, preferably for a dollar or less each... I found it at Half-Price Books - which still counts as thrifted, or at least that is what I am telling myself. Here it is, in all it's collection completing glory:
& then on Saturday it's my cousin Daine's engagement party! It's at Fort St Union which is my favourite bar at the moment, & I am sooo stoked. I think Daine & Tamlyn make such an amazing couple. & I love engagement parties & weddings & 21sts & everything that means celebrating people.
Game two against Cleveland was even worse. He got into trouble early and often, and the same problems with location and aggressiveness were only increased by an Indian team that was not necessarily tearing the cover off the ball. You obviously want a pitcher to dominate or appear in command against weak-hitting teams because it only gets worse against the powerhouses. He could not keep guys off the base — and worse — nothing of his stuff was fooling anybody. His line read: 4 IP, 5 ER, 9 Runs, 9 Hits, and 4 BB. It was an utter disaster, and when Travis Haftner blasted a solo shot off one of his pitches in the top of the 5th, the dejected look on his face paled in comparison to mine. It was a game that didn’t give any body rooting for the Royals any sense of hope in Mendoza’s future. He’s not striking anybody out, he’s putting guys on base, and he’s giving up too many hits and running up pitch counts. By the time he was pulled, he hadn’t even recorded an out in the 5th and he was already at 89 pitches. I had seen enough. Maybe the adage about tossing spring numbers out of the window has merit.
“A Front-seat Meeting. Or this might be called a Reconsecration Meeting. . . . At the close of the service let your minister give an invitation to all those who want to reconsecrate themselves to their C.E. pledge to come forward and occupy the front seats. Those who wish to accept Christ as their personal Saviour should be included in this invitation. Those who have taken the front seats should then kneel in prayer” (Murch, Successful C.E., supra, p. 72)
Where I feel I’m home again
I imagined wrong.
As a child, I would plant every seed I found with a true, honest and naive air and was soon to find out to my deepest dissatisfaction that there were some that were just weeds. I would try in vain to get them to become little buttercups perhaps but a weed can never change his roots.
== But the bad is still plenty bad ==
Cheltenham Festival where, despite his relative inexperience, he annihilated the field to win by 12 lengths. He switched from Crow to Evan Williams for a campaign geared around a return to The Festival for chasing’s Blue Riband, the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup. However, the 2009/2010 season didn’t pan out as expected. After finishing third of five on his seasonal return at Aintree over two and a half miles
My arms had weakened, from carrying my little one for so long, so I had given her over to her father to hold for a while. She was such a sweet baby, seemingly content with the little that my body could give her. She was a spot of sunshine in our lives, and I thanked Jesus for her frequently.
What we expect our reaction to that person’s actions have been defined or limited.
20. Boys can tie better knots – especially girls pony tails. (** I think that’s happened to me before…)
4. California Adventure Park
That raw emotion you only feel in those Godly moments.
that was almost a year ago now and
Sander's concern
TEENAGE DREAM
The response?
Warns Mrs Kirti Narsai, head of scientific and regulatory affairs at the Pharmaceutical Industry Association of South Africa in an interview with SciDev.Ner: “The government needs a focused approach to health research, especially public health issues. Government needs to attract institutional, non-governmental organisations and private sector funding to work in partnership with academic institutions to increase levels of clinical research in South Africa," she told SciDev.
Also, on the west coast.. Washington State, Oregon .. .another storm is peeling off the very large low pressure system parked out off the coast of Alaska… I think we will see this NEXT line of storms in a few days when this west coast system finally comes ashore. Possibly a repeat situation next week at some point.
For those who have never been to a 1-2-3 slam, this is how the show will roll:
Walking into the kitchen, nails nearly to the quick scratched at stubble of chin and cheek. The morning silence replaced by that rough whispering sound. That quiet that used to portent a good day now sounded oppressive. If he hadn’t already decided not to wake Donna, he would have slammed cabinet doors and banged pots and pans to extinguish that silence. Instead he remained quiet even though the weight of it progressively grew.
Kathy Wasilewski I have been wanting to learn Photoshop and dabble a little in digital artwork. There are so many techniques and enhancements that are created in Photoshop that could greatly enhance the quality of one's work. Also, it appears that Digital Art is becoming more and more popular and will soon supersede some of the basic formats of collage, or even scrapbooking.
So full of fun and frolics
Added: While Dylan has done some movie bits over the years (I still enjoy his role in "Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid"), today's music stars are only suited for playing aliens on screen.
My Mom never married Ray the boxer. He wanted to elope and move to California, my mom just wasn’t that adventurous and instead decided to stay in New York and make Brooklyn her home. She loved the excitement of Brooklyn and especially the young people. “Do you think I want to live with a bunch of old people and hear all their stories about aches and pains? no, I’d rather live with the young, at least they help you forget that you’re old”.
Ultimately Jenny works out for herself why education is worth pursuing. Some reviewers have described it as a charming film, romantic, serious and funny, not substantial, but giving an authentic slice of English life-- teachers, parents and institutions. It's a bit sexy and a bit sad. There is a moving confessional scene at the end when the dad delivers a cup of tea with his biscuits to his grieving daughter's door.
However, the film does not give an in-depth analysis of how it all led to that situation. With a slight focus on war-journalism, as two crew members of the movie were killed, it does not tell the story of how irresponsibly the mainstream American media covered the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan and following events.
I rub dust from worn knees, splash water where dirt blooms. Through the clouds that hang heavily over my mind, I find the slow realization that these marks will never wash away. The soiled, meaty sound of flesh beating flesh cannot be cleansed by anything but time.
Dr. Ichards
Think about it, if pure instrumental virtuosity was the only prerequisite for success, then Yngwie Malmsteen would be the biggest rock star of the 80s. If you don’t know who Yngwie Malmsteen is, then you’ve just confirmed my argument.
New & Now of what IBB Design Fine Furnishing has to offer! Each week
Kali - "Dear Grandma - Thank you for the stuff. Love, Kali"
As serious readers we shun superficiality, we demand realism, we wish for conflict, we need to see our characters struggling against odds, but we also long for balance. We want our beloved characters to prevail, to be rewarded for everything they have gone through. We want a glimmer of hope! That´s “fun."
Artwork and words from Gary K.
5 But as one was felling a beam, the axe head fell into the water: and he cried, and said, Alas, master! for it was borrowed.
I told her that I was still battling the desire to do a million things at once. That I was being good, and trying to do little to nothing when I’m tired, but I was struggling with telling myself to calm down and rest. I want to do everything I can. All the time. And of course, this interferes with my relationship sometimes because I’d rather go sew, or work on some craft or another than sit with my SO and cuddle or something similar.
In their FA Cup Semi-Final, Chelsea fans were singing during the minute’s silence for the Hillsborough disaster. It wasn’t a few fans. It was clearly audible on the television broadcasts – so much so that the editors cut away to footage of the service held at Anfield instead, before the referee of the Semi-Final cut the minute’s silence short. Chelsea fans were booed afterwards by the Tottenham supporters. Even the commentator, Clive Tyldesley was outraged.
I’m grown up now, but I still want to deck that bully in the chops sometimes. After all, they deserve it right?
I would say Diamonds & Pearls are a girl's best friend....but really.....I'm not much of a jewelry person. I like to keep things low key and I don't even get my nails done or hair did.....not often anyway. When I do, it's nothing more than sticking in a hair piece and getting my feetsies in tip top shape.
Three words: “Shared hosting stinks.”
10:45-12:30 Plenary panel: Clodualdo Del Mundo, Chalida Uabumrungjit, Ray Edmondson, Hafiz
its pockets. They're yours.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that are government banks are losing $6 billion a quarter. Just recently, they wanted to give them multimillion-dollar bonuses. They said well, you have got to pay people if you want to keep good talent.
Your vitals are an indication of how your body is doing “health-wise”.
Anything else?: Reading station is one of a handful of major destinations to be served by trains from two different major termini in London, with the majority of services run by First Great Western from London Paddington, but also two trains an hour from London Waterloo.
Defence
Last weekend we had our house-warming party
OU football coaches Bennie Own, Barry Switzer, and Bud Wilkinson earned places in the oklahoma history topics, located at the oklahoma history topics. Visit Oklahoma City feeling less hectic than most other states. Oklahoma medical insurance companies and not be complete without experiencing these wonderful attractions.
No. The Father has graciously permitted the substitution.
Survey results
But anyway, say she does somehow “see” him going someplace “dangerous.” What can she do to “help”? Send a guided missile? Shake in her shoes? Pray?
I've been keeping my eye out for a neutral "nude" shoe that had some funk to it - this pair fit the bill perfectly...and would you believe, they are never worn! Never worn! I'm flabbergasted! But I know exactly why: they are labeled size 8, but they would be huge on a real size 8. I'm anywhere from a large 8.5 to a 10 in shoes and my feet have plenty of room in these. I bet someone bought them and discovered they were way too big. They even still had the box and the shoe bag! They were $45.
Now I’ve always found the service good in the Bree and so it proved in the DOC. The staff were friendly and helpful and proactive in asking if you wanted the CAMRA discount. Beer wise, there is a choice of 15 real ales. Although, I do feel they are missing a trick by serving only 6 of those via handpull. Appleaheads are also catered for with 9 draught ciders and there is a good whisky list.
Unbelievable....actually had time to make a card! Hubby is doing better these days, and although he starts treatments again tomorrow, this time it is only once every 3 weeks. Now we just need some balmy weather...it has to come to us this year, as we cannot go to it! But in truth, so far we have had a mild rather uneventful winter that even I can handle. (sort of!)
Betsy Stoutmorrill, Adult Literacy Consultant
Lastly, I hope you’ll check out the short film I made with Art Wallace, stage and screen legend Deenie Nast, and the folks from Ten Directions. Poison Shirt/ Boots of the Transsexual mixes elements of Medea, with Godard, John Cassavetes, and Roger Corman acid trip films. I wrote and play the part of Claude, the hippie stud. Joining me on screen are Deenie Nast, Lynn Berg, Audrey Crabtree, Bryan Enk, marla Yost and Goddess Pearlman, with a pschedelic rock soundtrack by Art Wallace, Fred Backus and Robert Pinnock. We hope to screen this amazing freakout live sometime soon, but in the meantime, part one is here, part two is here.
So last week I went back and took the plunge.
This kind of super scary villain is like that last one chocolate in that box of chocolates at your grandmother’s house…that one chocolate nobody wants to eat. And it sits there. Weeks go by. And sits there. Orange crème, possibly, or something really yucky like that. Stay away!
Fairly early in my beer tasting adventures I noticed certain beers, like Newcastle Ale and Samuel Smith's Oatmeal Stout, would get high marks and sometimes (especially in the case of the latter) even rave reviews. But I bought these products a couple of times and found them lackluster at best and, at times, downright distasteful. I continued to encounter the rave reviews, so I figured I must be missing something. Eventually I tried samples of both which displayed all of the fine qualities that others had been highlighting. What was going on?
Sorry if you're tired of seeing me wear these wedges. I am living out of a suitcase, after all. Maybe I should've picked these shoes to remix--I'd be done by now!
...in order to accommodate the closed flap.
If you are interested in inviting the expert, Myron Sta. Ana (the Next Big Thing in Corporate, Communications, Leadership, Personal Branding and Excellence, and Motivational/Inspirational Training and Consultancy) in your school or organization to talk about this topic and a lot more, just email him @ Myron.S.Sta.Ana@hotmail.com or text/call him at 0906-362-8123. Right now, he is still connected with Hinduja Global Solutions as its Corporate Trainer so he is only available during the weekend, Saturday and Sunday. However, if your affair can only be scheduled during weekdays, just advise him a month before (2-3 weeks in advance at least) so he can make arrangements and can prepare accordingly.
When I have slept and eaten enough to satisfy even the Mongol hordes, I will get up, pick the noodles off my by then globular body, and return to laying bricks in the other side of the Great Wall - all the while singing the Mr. Rogers theme song.
In High Magic and the Mysteries, the Lily and Rose have Symbolism each as Aspects of a Goddess typified as both Virgin and Whore. The Lily is false Innocence and the Virgin. The Rose is false Experience as Whore.
As the Regional Microfinance Programme Specialist for Plan International in Asia, I have learned first-hand the top challenges faced by microfinance institutions in accepting — and implementing — the PPI as their poverty assessment tool. My observations led me to create the 10 challenges I outline here.
The Dark Knight is nihilistic, cynical about the public perception of heroes, and very brilliant. It deserves all the accolades it gets for beig what I likely the greatest comic book movie both eeksand non-geeks alike can enjoy. Beware, though. My cynical self agreed quite often with the Joker’s cynical view on human nature. A scary thought.
The answer, if certain scientists are correct, is nowhere.
If the man didn’t apologize and feel remorse, than maybe it wasn’t accidental. Maybe he was dangerous.
Guy De Maupassant – The Horla
Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites.
One of the worst parts about this, in my opinion, is that when it’s all said and done there is a small part of you that is relieved it’s over. Don’t get me wrong: the overwhelming emotion is grief and sadness. But there is also relief tinged with guilt – relief that your time of sacrifice is over, and guilt at being relieved. How can you be relieved they’re going back to their broken life? But you’re human, and you’re glad that this means less stress and sacrifice to you and your family.
Really? Is that true? Have the freakin' girl scouts, the adorable little darlings who bring us cookies, been attacked by right-wing loonies before this year? I guess I shouldn't be surprised by anything anymore, especially anything that involves right-wing religious nuts being afraid of anything female.
In the next section, I was with a friend, again going to a lake. I said, “What is the name of this lake?” As we came within view of it and I noted that it was a nearly opaque brown color, I remarked, “Oh, yes, I remember: Mud Lake.” Instead of floating on it in a boat, we were floating and traveling on it in a big yellow school bus, with my friend doing the driving. At one point, the bus–having taken a turn too quickly, I think–began to tip over onto its right side into the muddy water. I felt a split-second of panic until I noted that most of the bus’s windows were open on the left side, and that it would be fairly easy to just climb out as the bus began to sink. I was in the back of the bus, and at the moment I concocted that escape plan, I looked across the length of the bus and saw that my eldest son was at the other end, near the driver’s seat. As he looked at me, I said, “Are you okay?” But I meant it more like, “You understand what we need to do? Are you ready to do it?” Just as I was about to climb out the window, the bus righted itself and I awoke shortly afterward.
Xypherous: But Lulu is a support. You’re trying to carry.
This empty heart feeling grows since I left you
Life at Big Sky Middle School is also a disappointment. Guy is bored in math class and over his head in English. He quickly becomes a target for Brad Mullen, class bully. But at least Guy has his beloved Border collie, Streak, and eventually he makes a friend, classmate Luke Grant. Soon Guy and Luke hatch a plan to train Streak to compete against Brad Mullen and his dog at the town’s Frisbee catching competition. But the rivalry between Guy and Brad escalates until an impulsive wager pits the boys head to head and places Streak in jeopardy.
When I originally wrote “Tikkun Ḥatzot: Getting Right at Midnight: Introduction to the Midnight Rite” as a scholarly and historical piece to accompanist the release of the Nusach haAri z”l (Chabad) Prayerbook text I explained that many people take on this practice during the winter when the nights are long. But I failed to answer the question of how we apply this during the spring and summer when nights are shorter; mostly because this was answered in the actual siddur release itself. I didn’t keep in mind this would not be shown by most search engines, so I’ve received a lot of requests for an explanation.
Anyway that’s my point of view and just a general one. I do believe in love, but I’m very attentive not to get intro its mesh. Don’t forget to keep your eyes open in every situation and keep your legs on ground, a high flight may cause a painful fall.
Best Wishes and thanks for your continued support!
What a baby! Sometimes I have the tendency to act like a very misbehaved toddler. :P Well, not anymore.
I'd never heard of Chhepu before, and I'm willing to bet most of you haven't either. I'm therefore delighted to hand you over to John, who will tell you all about this delightful creature.
The blog wants to speak now: Just got back into town. So I only updated the Pop Culture category for today.
I just want to jot down a few points about this in brief – this will not be a comprehensive treatment. This is a rush job – I’m leaving things out, it will probably come across as very insulting and scatter-brained.
*Photos of James St. James courtesy of James St. James and World of Wonder
Beginning in earnest in 1991 with the near simultaneous disintegration of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia – instantaneous in the first case, comparatively slower in the second, only complete with the independence of Montenegro in 2006 – the bipolar world ended with the demise of the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact and the nonaligned one with the fragmentation of Yugoslavia, a founder of the Non-Aligned Movement.
By day’s end, the 20th Maine under the able leadership of scholar-turned-soldier Joshua Chamberlain would distinguish itself through its efforts to preserve the Union line at an as yet unknown spot on Little Roundtop.
#31 Pandemonium by Chris Wooding and Cassandra Diaz (Read 11/03/2012) This is an intriguing tale, and a first foray into graphic novels for prolific YA author Wooding. It’s a fantasy adventure set in the Darkling Realm, a kingdom ruled by the Pandemonium clan. There are plots and conspiracies, betrayal and romance, as the unlikely hero tries to avert a war and find out what has happened to the prince, an unlikeable man that he is currently impersonating. I’ll be keeping an eye out for the sequel.
1 Knox 8:34
Great Room
Despite the sadness I have been feeling, I also feel very blessed and happy to be carrying another miracle. Every night when we listen to Pooh's heartbeat, our hearts feel so much happiness and peace. It's like listening to a miraculous symphony. I pray for this baby and I just hope with all that I have that we get to bring this little one home.
Come on, news outlets! Give credit where credit's due already!
While we were there, I got a call from an old friend of mine that I met at summer camp in CT in 2005, who is now a NYPD Cop. He was down in Manhattan bringing someone to court (haha, a day in the life) and he stopped in to say hello. He walked in the door of the pub, and all the staff turned and looked. I mean, he is about 6’6” tall, but apparently police in bars in America is very unheard of and uncommon! We quickly stepped outside to chat as not to cause a fuss, haha. I was very amused to see that not only did he have a gun (lol) but that he was wearing a bulletproof vest. Wow. I guess that’s what you get for working in the Bronx!
that moved me quite a bit; even though it was simply cold, hard news that offered little of
Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels. And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal"
I kind of probably don't belong, or wont belong, well I'm off now because I only have a few minutes since I was procrastinating the whole time.
before i leave
With the US unemployment rates levelling off as a result of the mildest policy turn away from austerity, a Plan B (+) for the UK couldn’t have greater relevance.
"We got married really early in the morning," says Fanny. "I put flowers in my hair; then we picked up Simon (our best friend and witness) and drove our old white Volvo into town, picking up coffees on the way."
I like when the Orioles win; ‘course they don’t win much so I ain’t got a lot to be happy about. I used to be happy when Mama talked about me n’ her going to New York City. I figured if we ever got there, I was gonna see a New York Yankees game. The Yankees, now that’s a team you can be happy about.
Today is the day to celebrate this truth!
Hair loss suspected - Since the hysterectomy in 2010 it seemed the rate that hair left my head in the shower and when combing my hair increased slightly but not alarmingly so. However, after the HRT stopped a year later, it was a noticeable amount and we had to frequently get drain cleaner to unclog the shower. It was embarrassing, even though it didn’t look like my hair was thinning (not yet anyway) and it was scary. At the age I’m at (currently 34 years old as I write this) hair loss shouldn’t be a concern and I was unprepared emotionally to handle it. I was paranoid about getting a mustache as well; however, my husband swears I wasn’t getting any facial hair growth. Since my adrenals have begun to heal so well, this isn’t an issue anymore. I might find one or two hairs when combing my hair now, which is normal and not excessive.
M.H.I. isn’t, to my knowledge, trying to be a vanguard for Occupy. Theyare, by the evidence we have in print, critiquing some of the leading thinkers around it. We may take issue with that. It seems odd to try to protect Occupy from any criticism of this sort. It seems like not taking the Occupiers seriously, and if anything I would think the calls for more reflection would be welcome by all.
It feels like summer….exhale.
Now it could be that the private, girlfriend-seeking Barack Obama is just a very different man from the public speaker; apparently Nixon was that way (as Cassandra recently pointed out). Still, Nixon was also a lot less public as a public figure: the times allowed a President to be different in private than in public in a way that they don't seem to do now.
Ocean Park
Maslow believed that these needs are similar to instincts and play a major role in motivating behavior. Physiological, security, social, and esteem needs are deficiency needs (also known as D-needs), meaning that these needs arise due to deprivation. Satisfying these lower-level needs is important in order to avoid unpleasant feelings or consequences.
She gets in touch with newsman Fred Sims. Back at her apartment someone has drawn a Z on her door. She and Fred go back to Tijuana. At a club owned by Zingo she gets in a shooting match with Punta Punta. One of his bullets kills a female performer. In all the confusion it looks like Honey did it.
Offaly playwright and Pure Mule author Eugene O’Brien, singer-songwriter Wayne Brennan and Veronica Nicholson, a photographer and installation artist, will take inspiration from their surroundings during the journey.
I'm not one to set resolutions for the year. I'm not one to think about what the year ahead might hold for me and my family. I tend to live my life so that I take each day as it comes and I make my choices as the need arises and I pray for guidance and try to follow the path I believe I am called to follow.
carried from up above
Fiat – Fix It Again Tony
Eliot S. Levine & Associates
Okay, so i decided that I’m bringing this pajamas with, it is so cute and it’s just easy because it’s a whole outfit.
She took the shiny statue in her hands. . I am the best. The most beautiful. The most talented. She smiled devilishly at the thought.
I might be able to be transferred to a store up north, but I’m not sure.
(Let the major whining begin)
Wondering if I’m talking about just-another festive day in India. National holiday. Ensconcing yourself at home. Complete rest and relaxation. Well yeah, then I’m talking about just that!
Hey lovely Ladies,
Read my blog. It’s a blog. If you read my blog, you will get an idea what a blog is. If you explore other blogs, you will begin to understand what is blog.
And yet I have signed up as one of 8 runners, participating in the Bupa London 10K run, on May 31st. Princess RRD is running with me (well, far out in front of me), as are BigNeph, Scissors, Flasher, GasPasser and Shrink. Over the next couple of months I will need to get my fitness up to a level where I don't end up needing the services of my ambulance colleagues, who will be watching me from the side of the road. You will be able to see how I am doing, by looking at one of the panels to the right, which will be updated every time I do any training. Hopefully, by me knowing that you are all watching, I will be encouraged to keep up the effort.
Today I did a little exploring around an island in west Stockholm called Liljeholmens. After walking quite a distance, I came across the statue photographed below. This statue reminds me of the child-friendly culture that Sweden enjoys. I’m sure this statue elicits fond memories for many people–it certainly does for me.
'Dinnae think ye can come here and dictate to our nation. Margaret Thatcher tried it 30 years ago - and her legacy is that Scotland is heading towards independence. So - get it right up ye, son.'
This is not the world I want my grandchildren to grow up in. I want their world to be one full of love, rainbows, four leaf clovers, peace, daisies, balloons and nonstop laughter ~ a life of celebration. I will don my supergrandma cape and protect them from the bullies, remembering Phoebe Prince and the life that was stolen from her.
So my project today is a LO I created to put a pic of my oldest in. Her name is Alayna, and we call her Laynee for short, so it was only a matter of time before she got nicknamed Laynee Bug :) So our little Laynee Bug is 10yrs old already but she will always be our baby.
The use of any portion of the jewish and/or anti-White versions of history as an accusation, assigning collective responsibility and guilt to Whites. This is a form of psychological aggression - an attack on White self-worth and self-confidence, placing Whites on the defensive.
I sure love you, Steve.
812113 Nail salons
It needs sauce. I've discovered two different camps on bread pudding sauce.
As I am still in pain, my doctors have come to the conclusion that I cannot play the drums anymore because if I continue I will be in pain for the rest of my life. After much thought and many conversations with the other girls I have decided I have to retire. My retirement has brought me a lot of sadness because I love playing the drums and being a part of the Donnas' family, which of course includes all of you. I've loved all the experiences that we've had together and I really want to thank all of you for your support and the fun times. Even though I can't play anymore, I would never want the other girls to have to give up something that they love and I know that they will continue to make and play great rock 'n roll.
When it came to explaining the significance of the relics, Martin again had all the knowledge. He told us the stories of Maya – how they lived, who they worshipped, what this cave meant to them. He told us the stories of the human sacrifices – including the Crystal Maiden – who willingly gave up their lives for their beliefs. What I loved about him was that he would give you the official explanation – devised by learned anthropologists – and then he would tell you what he thought. His interpretations often made as much sense – if not more – than all the academic theories.
"Do you really need to ask why?"
Then, later in the year I was able to take a 2 day applique class with the queen of Baltimore Applique - Elly Sienkiewicz. What an absolute delight! The class and the lady herself! I didn't get a lot of work done because every time she wanted to show us something new, give a quick tutorial on something not specific to our project, or chat in general I was all eyes and ears! I can work on the block any time, I can't learn from Elly and pick her brain for ideas any time. The picture shows Elly and Eleanor (blond) who is an employee at Traditional Pastimes where the class was held, but also a master at applique and Elly's graphic designer.
The Externally Secured Authentication setting shuts everything off because it assumes that you are using some other security technique to allow other mail servers to communicate with the connector. So if you have a Unix mail server that has to send mail to your Exchange server, you can secure the communication between the two servers using IPSec or some other technique to prevent snooping and unauthorized access. Exchange assumes that the connection between hosts is secure and therefore allows complete access to all servers that communicate through the connector.
A child receives approximately 21 vaccines before the age of six and 6 more before the age of 18, for a total of 27 shots during childhood. Many of these injections contain Thimerosal, a preservative added to the shots, made of 49% mercury. The unprecedented use of mercury on children has created a generation of cognitively impaired children.
The above advice is unsound when applied to names like Tebow – who the hell is Florida’s backup, anyway? I think it might be the transfer from Texas John Might-Be-Named-Brantley, but this is shooting from the hip at best – and Leinart. It’s very unsound when you’re Washington State or Michigan. The former had to hold campus tryouts last season to flesh out the depth chart, and the latter attempted to suit up med school cadavers midway through the Big Ten slate.
Nice to see you!
When I got home, I rubbed both sides of the tuna steak with some course sea salt and multi-colored peppercorns, then put the marinade on it and stuck it in the fridge for an hour.
by the fire, make coffee, read a little.
Whilst searching for a venue for the night before the wedding we walked past The Tower Of London - I haven't been for a while and I had forgotten how utterly stunning it is. Such a historic building...
Today we had inservice and the kiddos had a holiday. I would have loved to have the whole day to plan, but we had to do some housekeeping in the morning together as a campus. We did not meet AYP last year, so we have all sorts of peeps in our pockets as my wonderful principal likes to refer to them as. We got two new ones today. I think we are up to 4 that will now be coming on a regular basis. Hopefully we will meet AYP and we can get rid of them all. :)
Firstly be warned when you are choosing some supplements – one thing I have learnt from all this is to look out for Propriety blends. This is when some manufacturer will include all the wonderful vitamins , minerals and amino acids but don’t tell you the exact dosage it has included. This gives the product a look that it has all these wonderful stuff built into it but in actual fact without the proper dosage the supplements will not have any impact on you other then being pixie dust added to their ingredient list.
Indeed, several of these pieces stand out by digressing from reality, usually not to the most inspiring effect. Vincenzo Natali's Quartier de la Madeleine is a wince-inducing silent vampire story filmed in a grayscale monochrome with bright red "blood" that's obviously just paint. Olga Kurylenko plays a vampiress who falls in love with wide-eyed Elijah Wood, and turns him into a vampire so they can gleefully feed on each other's necks, at which point the short ends with a heart-shaped iris-in. It's a bland piece made worse by its aesthetically tone-deaf blending of silent film homage with a slick, glossy visual style that makes the leads look like they're made of plastic. Also distractingly bad is Sylvain Chomet's short about a mime who is snubbed everywhere until he meets a female mime to share his antics with. The attempts at charm and whimsy seem forced, especially in the framing device in which the mime couple's chatty son introduces the story of how his parents met.
we pick, either way, on friday....
6) Make sure you post these rules on your blog when participating.
Tomorrow, Saturday the 15th, at 11am a rally will take place in Grand Army Plaza to make Brooklyn's voice heard in support of the growing Occupy Wall Street movement. The gathering will bring together voices from across Brooklyn who want to express that they will not tolerate the wealth disparities and blatant economic injustice that plagues our country and city.
Upon waking up, the seeker will have no memory at all of the consultations or meetings with the Guides. If at all, there would be faint memories of the events. Often then not, the information isn’t registered in the ‘lower memory’ (lower self short-term memory).
Adapted and updated from “Eyes Wide Open: Cultivating Discernment on the Spiritual Path” (Sounds True, 2010)
One winner will be drawn at random and the giveaway ends on May 15 at midnight.
the warmth
I've known for a while that I only have half the story on my sci-fi. I decided to go YA because the tone fits better, and the other half of the tale has been simmering since then. But which perspective provides the best delivery?
Cell broadcast
for when comes the telling
I like this "mutt and jeff" fencing - reminds me of the coyote fencing in Moi's neighborhood only using the sticks horizontally. The only downside is it looks like not enough light is getting in. Light is critical for egg production. Though my hens spend a lot of time in the forest, they have loblollies where they lay in the sun, stretching their wings out like solar panels to absorb heat.
People need help developing positive perceptions about themselves.
What are your best tips for saving money on kids clothes?
Much to my disappointment, practically everyone in the house was sick with the flu upon my arrival. Apparently, it was the remnants of a virus one of them picked up while they were at university. So, I guess there are some perks to not being able to attend university!
If you do this, then your heart shall be with my heart, and it will be inflamed by my love in the same way that anything dry becomes rapidly inflamed by fire. Your soul shall be so inflamed and filled with me, and I will be in you, so that everything worldly becomes bitter to you and all fleshly lusts like poison. You will rest in the arms of my Divinity, where no fleshly desires exist, but only spiritual delight and joy which fill the delighted soul with happiness – inwardly and outwardly – so that it thinks of nothing and desires nothing but the joy which it possesses. So love me alone, and you will have all the things you want, and you will have them in abundance. Is it not written that the oil of the widow did not decrease until the day the rain was sent to earth by God according to the words of the prophet? I am the true prophet! If you believe my words and follow and fulfill them, the oil – joy and jubilation – shall never decrease for you for all eternity.”
It didn't begin that way, nope. Just unfortunately evolved from the joy of feeling better.
Kaziranga National Park is located in Assam and it is famous as the best home for Great Indian one horned rhinoceros. Tourists will love to spend their vacation ion Kaziranga National Park amidst the beautiful landscape which covers tall elephant grass, sheer forest, shallow pools, marshes and rugged reeds. Apart from the beautiful landscape you will love to have a company of different wild animals like Elephant, Rhinoceros, Sambar, Indian bison, Tiger, Jackal and many other animals as well as different kinds of birds. If you plan to visit this national park in winter season then you will get the opportunity to view numbers of migratory birds.
Awoken by the tears & anger, a sudden flood of cries
A: I am leaving before you excite yourself and harm the child.
So, I wait..
Yes, the planet is in danger and it’s in danger from human activity. The solution is to stop those activities and we are headed in that direction. We have made substantial changes to the way we as Americans are doing business and we can do more but if we stop or give up we will have endangered what we love about our planet. Europe is doing better than we are but we need to persuade emerging nations that it benefits them economically to be friendly to the environment. China and Mexico need to get a handle on air pollution as an example but they won’t as long as it doesn’t benefit them economically.
I’m fond of how it says “baby’s first Christmas” without actually saying it:) And a ‘paci’ is particularly appropriate for our little guy since he’s hooked on them for sleeping. The ornament is made by OWC and sold many places online, including here.
I come from behind and lay on the table, Ted managing to keep a straight face.
That is just an hours worth of observing life like I was leaving the planet tomorrow. Last week when I did "last day here", i was hypnotized by an out of place that of cane growing behind the Sonic and the wind was causing it all to blow in circles but in opposite directions why the sun light beating down it is made it appear to me outlined in silver.
CIRCLE B SCRAPBOOK AND MORE STORE
*What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eyed dear. (Say it out loud.)
they’ll be lying under trees,
Centre for Medical Humanities Seminar
Mint is the must-have for nails this season, and so are other shades of greeny blues. I think the reason I love the Revlon one is because it’s kind of creamy. You have to do two to three coats, but it dries fairly quickly and I find the brush very easy to use.
Some see a prisoner
The mystic state not only address’s our deepest fears, it directly transforms our perception of our conscious awareness and of the fundamental nature of reality, the shift in world view that this implies and the psychological freedom it allows can combine with the cultural heritage we possess for interpreting these experiences, to bring about a radical change in our consciousness, in our motivations and experience of life, and in turn in the relation we bring to bear and to our living global systems and family.
The heady sound of bells and organ music and the slight pain behind your eyes as the lights come on and the priest intones the “Gloria”…
Astral Bodies Astral Bodies NL
I didn’t hear from him for over a week until he called 2 nights ago. He asked me how things were and when I was starting my new job. We chatted a short bit on that. Then I asked him why he called.
The first thing you want to do after you fill your pond is get some sort of a filter and pump system to keep your pond clear. This can be a very intricate system or a simple one (like I have). There are many different pumps and filters to choose from and they can be very expensive. The first thing you need to think about is how many gallons your pond is and how high your waterfall is. You need something that is going to pump all the water through the filter at least once per hour and have enough power to push the water up through the waterfall.
There isn’t too much for me to say on my post today.
When couples are not on board, it becomes difficult to unschool with one undermining the other.
This needed to be
So someone had to go to the gym tout de suite. (I love using the term tout de suite.) (I love suites.) (And sweets.) (Duh.)
What is the message of the design. What is it supposed to say to the viewer?
She frowned, gave him the head-to-toe once-over.
Julia says, of her favorite magazine Seventeen, "I look at the pictures and they just don’t look like girls I see walking down the street." She believes the super-polished images contribute to young girls feeling bad about their bodies and their faces. She's a blogger at SPARK, a site dedicated to combatting the sexual objectification of girls and young women.
I never want it to end, and I don't think Lucy does either, especially when we get to cool off like this! It's been in the ONE HUNDRED degree range for days on end here in our region of California.
Anytime or place
See my husband told me a long time ago, before we even started dating, that he HATED his last name, and would never expect his wife to take it. So when I married him I didn't take it. Because his last name is pretty sucky. Its not really that bad, but its Mexican. So when we had a home phone set up all our telemarketer calls were in Spanish. And when I have used his last name to sign up for things, all my junk mail comes in Spanish. I speak English.
How was everyone's weekend? Mine was amazing :)
it’s about the holy grail war where seven magi are chosen by the holy grail to fight for the wish that the grail will grant. in order to fight each other, the magi summon servants (mostly strong heroes of the past) and try to beat each other mentally and physically.
Inhuman.
Otherwise there’s the wonderful walk around the walls, the museum gardens alongside the River Ouse, and countless haunted pubs, or landmarks where famous folk have passed through (or passed away!) in the past.
trip to Argentina. A WHOLE YEAR without him.
The idea came from Ilva, who posted a dish of peas mixed with pancetta, topped with an egg, and baked. It looked awesome, but I just sort of gagged at the idea of baked peas. I would substitute white beans. I looove white beans. We are a white bean household.
Animal Collective--Sweet Road
indices to measure state
85Should at my feet the world's great master fall,
Half-part 151-proof rum
All of this is a long way to say I want to read stories where the knife is wavering beneath the table, unsheathed, rather than covered in blood.
2) Glitter Glue (And LOTS of it!)
A couple articles said brown sea vegetables are the best with red next best. Here are the brown sea vegetables: kelp, Focus (aka Bladder-wrack), Hijike, Sargassum. Red sea vegetables: dulce, nori, Irish Moss, Gracilaria.
It's hard to keep up, I know. Or even figure out what there is to keep up on. But more and more, it seems authors need to go multimedia all the way. And one way to go is book trailers. Why? Because it's a way to cross market a lot. It's a way to appeal to a larger audience--people love to watch, and if a trailer catches their attention... A book trailer can be put on your Amazon author page and might be the tiny push for a buy.
Life, especially on the “sadness” chapter, has and will always bring us so many emotional reactions, from surprised to tears. It happened to all of us, not excluding anyone. But, this “sadness” chapter, at the same time, has also brought us to realize that it is because we were trying to cope with all of them, something that we don’t like and we are difficult to accept, with our own strength as human.
Krishna was troubled most by his Yadav kin. The members of his own Qureshi clan did their utmost to harass Mohammed. They went to the extent of throwing the intestines and waste of dead animals on him.
Q) Why can’t we buy tickets online?
Right 'til morning's light reminds us
The Hurt Locker
What a crock. And no, I'm not jealous. Just realistic.
By Doug Holder
“keep a chain gang swinging, make a cat bird sing.“
The spark of art comes from banging things together.
After the sours, I got a different set of samples plus another Younger.
Since Atheism has abandoned its claim to logic and evidence as the basis for its worldview, it seems odd to claim that non-religionists are more analytical, unless of course that means being mentally totally material-oriented and with limited or no mental capacities otherwise. The idea that knowledge stops at math/science is a limitation which directs focus away from rational principles, which works like this: Materialism is all there is because: shut up.
“There are a lot of anecdotes about deaf people being better able to pick up on body language, but this is the first evidence of that,” said David Corina, professor in the UC Davis Department of Linguistics and Center for Mind and Brain.
You may have noticed the lack of quilting updates. That would be because puke stains aren't quite the kind of embellishment anyone wants on a quilt, so I'm staying away from my pretty, oh so close to being done, masterpieces....or mediocre-scrappy-pieces, whatever.
Dressers are available in a variety of designs and sizes. Luxurious and elegant dressers are magnificent pieces of furniture placed in bedrooms. It is quite essential for perfect grooming and to decorate your bedroom. Dressing table can also be used to store all kinds of jewellery and make up kits. Tables with large mirrors including double mirrors and triple mirrors can be availed today.
Speak again soon, or, you know, in a month.
This is the same camera set-up here. Find Father Serra and make a portrait. The good news is that he will not move and will not tire from posing. Mary is particularly good at her Father Serra portraits. Again, I would try it with and without flash.
The next day, when you share this information with your husband (partner, kid, wife, mother, fill in the blank), they say, “This hobby of yours is too expensive. I think you need to give it up. We could have used that $2,000 to pay for the rent (braces, gas, insurance, food, fill in the blank).”
Not where you’ve been
Thank goodness there are no tests in stamping!
Now thank we all our God,
I say in a very mumbled voice, "Do you not want chili? You never told me when to start. I asked to start around 3 and you told me no." Then I mumble some more stuff that I don't even remember.
I honestly get inspiration from anything, be it a Foreign Film that I watching, the interior design of a restaurant or a Stylish person that passes me on the street. I really admire and love Kerry Washington, of course Solange Knowles, Tracy Ellis Ross and I have recently gained a new sense of style admiration for Vh1's Love and Hip Hop Chrissy Lampkin
She's a stylish a sweet gal with a late 60s influence!
for all her favourite friends!
He refuels us and refills us.
I'm always so worn out at the end of the trip. All that counting of little heads over and over and over again is EXHAUSTING! We had about an hour left when we got back to school. First my students wrote a thank you letter to their chaperone. The chaperones love reading these cute little letters, and it's a great way to teach my students about writing "thank-yous". Then I created a Memory Mini-Book for my students to fill in with their favorite memories of the field trip. I try to take a picture of each of my kiddos on the trip. These pictures will be printed out and added onto their booklet.
By this time I was bored with the exchange, and wrote to tell Mr. Wentworth that I knew what was up and wasn't going to play anymore. He fired back a final salvo. Since I'd refused to be "forthcoming or cooperative," dire consequences were in store for me. "I have no choice but to report that you are intentionally deceiving the writers community and public with this false information...Unfortunately once the report does become published, it will become public information as I have stated and will be talked about in the writers community that you represent yourself as being a trustworthy expert. The news of this report will have a negative effect and impact on your career and your credibility...Victoria this is probably the most decisive day in your career."
Now I can only hear myself mime to it ..
An early morning start and our bikes chains were whirring with joy to be outside. We pedalled the back streets to Hackney and the River Lea. The sky was an ocean blue and there was not a cloud in sight. Only armed with bottles of water, a puncture repair kit and a spot of money for refreshments we felt like tough explorers about to cycle into the unknown.
You’ll experience the pulse-pounding thrills of Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Take a starring role in some of the biggest movies and TV shows ever created at Universal Studios.
Painted canvas the night before and positioned stickers the next morning when dry. Store 3 flowers from another project that will be up later this week and hot glued them to the corner of the canvas. Here is a close up of the upcoming project:
Happy Living All!
your best nightmare
I’m selfish to say all this actually,
-knees to Cena before he dumped to the outside!
For parents with children this condition can be really frustrating. I know as a child I was ALL over the place , and my mom was on high alert at all times because of my need to be “in action.” I wasn’t mean spirited or meaning to be disobedient my curiousity/boredom/impulsivity would just get the best of me and I didn’t have an understanding of actions/consequences.
I already had the black baskets and they fit perfectly in the boxes, hiding the shoes that were piling up at the door.
"Stuyvesant people having fun!" went the jingle, accompanied by rigorous activity that might prove challenging for those enjoying one too many of their advertised product:
My most sincere thanks and gratitude to Bunny and John for being the best birthday present, and for the gift of their time.
Not as expected. When I wrote the last word of my first novel, Tangled Roots, I cried. Yes, really. It was an overwhelming feeling of accomplishment, joy, fear and even loss. But mostly I think I was proud and amazed at having finished something I never thought I could even start. Those were tears of joy, mostly.
Wiles, who looked nervous and haggard after entering the death chamber, reportedly had spent a sleepless night.
so if we keep to the schedule, we'll be fetching it tomorrow, loading
I'm not religious at all, quite the opposite, but in reverance,
This post is for my boys, Lucas and Grayson, so that they might truly understand one day how much they mean to me and how they changed my life forever for the better.
The Life Path 3 indicates that you entered this plane with a strong sense of creativity and wonderful communication skills. Achievement for you most likely comes through engaging your ingenious expression. A truly gifted 3 possesses the most exceptional innovative skills, normally in the verbal realm, writing, speaking, acting, or similar endeavors. Here we’re apt to find the entertainers of the world, bright, effervescent, sparkling people with optimistic attitudes. The bright side of this path stresses harmony, beauty, and pleasures; of sharing your inventive talents with the world. Capturing your capability in creative self-expression is the highest level of attainment for this life path.
When flattery leads to compromise, the end is always near
Some time later, as we were nearing Glennallen, the Wrangell-St Elias mountain range came into view and it was gorgeous!
Bebe' Collection kids are a pretty big deal around here in my small corner of the internet. I feel so connected and such a sense of pride for each of these kiddos I get to follow for the first year of their life. For those of you who are not familiar with Bebe' Collection (it's been awhile since I highlighted it) here are the details:
Call (608) 263-3320 x 11 for more information or to purchase tickets.
If you're an Absolute Write Water Cooler addict and have noticed that your drug of choice is offline today, fear not--the absence is temporary. Here's the Official Announcement:
Ticket prices are:
I show students the graphic organizer and I model how to fill in. I send students off to their seats to fill in the graphic organizer. We stop A BUNCH and so a mid-workshop share. Students share whole class, with a partner, with their table groups and so on. This is an activity in which the more students discuss the better and more thoughtful the responses are.
Among other things, the act requires all dealers in second-hand goods to report to the police all suspicious transactions where the seller attempts to provide false particulars, or where the goods are suspected to be stolen or tampered with.
The fine print--and it is fine--in the Atlantic Yards Financial Projections document unearthed in the lawsuit by Assemblyman Jim Brennan and State Senator Velmanette Montgomery suggests something quite curious: affordable middle-income studio apartments in the Atlantic Yards project would cost more per square foot ($55.83, above) than market-rate studios ($51.62, below) in the same building.
1 logbook
If you are intimidated by cleaning artichokes Magic Spice has created an excellent tutorial aptly titled Taming the Artichoke.
Mr. Mister Broken wings US
And now the new part. It is this crossing and connection with the path about two miles down the way that has been missing. We used to have to cross this busy state highway with no crosswalk and no signal and then ride on dirt and gravel until the actual beginning of the Legacy path. Don’t worry, when they were obliged to build the path the same length as the new highway that is exactly how long they built it, just sort of stopping in the middle of nowhere. We had finally quit using this part of the path and then this spring, voilà, push the button, the light changes instantly and one can safely cross and ride on asphalt. As soon as you cross the street you have changed from the Jordan River Parkway to the Legacy.
Why can’t I find contentment in Christ alone?
“Who stands to benefit from helping me” Nine times out of ten that person can assist your situation.
My parents didn't send me to the middle school my then best friend went to. That one could probably be described as academic-posh. Latin was the first foreign language they taught. Neither did they send me to the middle school most of my primary school friends went... one that even had it's own swimming pool. The middle school I ended up in was more akin to an inner city school, despite being in the middle of suburbia. It was a grey block, and its sight alone was enough to make you depressed. Bullying was ripe. Still, I knew I only had to go there for a couple of years before moving on to high school. That was what kept me going.
Yeah, tastes to me like a weak form of cleaning solution. It's zippy and light, with a huge amount of the Belgian-type yeast that I just cannot stand.
As for me, up until about a year ago, I was indifferent to beets. I had honestly never tried more than just a pickled slice served up as garnish on a restaurant plate. They were foreign to me. It wasn't that I didn't want them to come around. It wasn't that I didn't want to see their face, or for them to disappear. I just didn't know them.
- England unless with every other ethnic group’s territory (with Wales, Scotland and Ireland all brutally colonized, probably not considering the German link through the Angle conquest later but maybe under EU auspices, only if those 3 kingdoms want to)
What a wonderful world of knowledge, of sharing! I knew I would love this - and I was right. It's a fun opportunity to read some blogs I've never visited, get back to ones I've missed reading but always know I'll enjoy, and more. So please join me on a brief trip around the Jewish/Israeli world of blogging. I'll apologize if I missed - well, I know I missed someone - but here's a quick view of some great posts over the past week.
Easter Sunday, we were talking.
So, what do I do? Do I continue to tolerate it, because I am the one that welcomed her into my home to begin with? Am I failing her if I find her a new home? Is she worth the lives of all the animals she is killing, purely for sport? What would you do?
Total 45 days.
Now that Spring has officially sprung, on the calendar and in the weather, there are florals, sandals and wedges everywhere. These are all typical trends for this time of year but there is a new wedge in town that I didn't expect.
Spring has sprung! The weather here isn’t quite as lovely as where we used to live down south, but we sure do have a beautiful view. RocketGirl learned how to fly her first kite and I got to plant my annuals in the planters around the front porch. BulldozerBaby has been sick the past two weeks and hasn’t gotten to enjoy much but has been riding snugly in my wrap as I run my errands.
Release all the emotions hidden in your heart
my nurse
Air is an intriguing read that held my interest most of the way, even though, as I noted before, I could sense that the air (no pun intended) was let out of it toward the end. The comic's art is good when dealing with people, but in the flight scenes the series could have used an artist more able to suggest a feeling of 'soaring' and the wonder that exists in the sky. Still, Air was, for the most part, an enjoyable read – and a reasonably generous one, at 28 issues collected into four trade paperbacks.
I'm using Storenvy and so far its been great! Easy to use and if you have any questions about an item feel free to email me! I will refund any shipping overage through PayPal. I am honest about the quality of the clothing. Most items are in excellent shape some good and some fair but it will be listed in the description. Some items still have the tag from the store on, I never got a chance to wear it or I grew out of it. :( However, I'm okay with it maybe the item can find a new home to someone who will wear it many times. :)
Be careful little feet where you go
Yesterday Grover cut his foot somewhere in the backyard and if you've ever experienced a dog with a cut foot pad, you know it bleeds and bleeds and bleeds and then bleeds. I've had to play doctor and bandage it. Grover is a great patient - lets me bandage it without anyone holding him and then doesn't really mess with the bandage once it's on. I'm very glad about that!
919 ***D-XII/5/1985. “Anglo-American Constitutionalism.” Gannett Lecture Series, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, New York. (Incorporated in Item C-1986(6), above, and in Item B-4, above, pp. 74-88, 313-14 (1989).) See Item D-XI/3/1991, below.
Nowadays more than 80 percent of IBM managers agree that productivity increases in a flexible environment.
And those little fantasies did happen.
2. God created marriage to make each person better.
How about you....have you had any manic projects pop up out of nowhere?!
How I miss having a sweet little baby girl that I could dress in pink everyday! Bows! Lace! Ahhhhh.... My "baby" girl is now 8 and she has her own style sense now. *sigh* At least I get my baby girl fix being a doula and photographer! :)
breathe
The restaurant manager recommended the Fried Noodle's Hawker Style (RM24 for medium) since we couldn't decide which noodles to try. Turns out to be a great choice, thin strands of noodles (similar to sang meen) cooked with julienned vegetables, beansprouts, eggs, prawns and chicken.
Oh, wow. Not only am I still baking with the gang from Tuesdays with Dorie (it's been more than three and a half years for me), but I got to pick a recipe. Again! We're finishing the book at the end of the year, so this is a happy-sad kind of thing for me. I knew that choosing something from the apple section of the book would serve me well, and I was not disappointed by the Alsatian Apple Tart.
Following behind PHL were New York’s JFK Airport and Newark (EWR). The top 3 airports in the best list are Minneapolis-St. Paul (MSP), Charlotte (CLT) and Detroit Metropolitan (DTW).
No? You're not alone. The brewer has discontinued the product due to consumer apathy.
While the whole good versus evil story is good, and plays a major role in moving the story along, what I really want to talk about right now is Flagg. Flagg is, perhaps, my favorite of King’s antagonists. Reading The Stand by itself, one might not necessarily understand just how much there is to Flagg. Yes he plays a big role in the story. Yes he seems to have some sort of supernatural power. And yes, he hints at the fact that he has been around for a long time. But in the end, he doesn’t seem to amount to much. However, over the course of Kings writing career, Flagg pops up more than once. I won’t go into that too much now, because that would be getting ahead of ourselves on this journey. I just wanted to mention that, despite what he may seem to be in The Stand, he is much more than just a flash in the pan.
I chose to buy an LME(wheat) for this brew as it was recommended as a means of getting the highest quality possible out of the kit. I also made my first yeast starter which I'm sure wasn't made correctly as I just used a bit of sugar and water to make it. I left it for 4 or 5 hours and it had grown quite a bit but I have no idea whether it was too much, too little and I wasn't bothered checking that website that tells you the correct amount of yeast to pitch into wort. Either way it was fine and it really does reinforce what I read on a forum recently, "its quite hard to screw up a batch of beer". I would tend to agree with this when kits are concerned. My tract record of venturing outside kit territory has been fraught with failure so far! :)
I love colours. Not colour. Colour is an abstract concept. I love the actual colours. Concrete. Real. Tangible. Each one is a friend. Each one affects me subtly differently. Colours dance and sing together. That harmony of light inspires me, excites me, uplifts me, energises me and infuses me with joy and well being. Colours, seen in relation to each other, offer tranquillity. Bright colours are the direct route to saturated beauty. Abundant colour is abundant beauty. The act of painting is, for me, the transference of pure love. Love for the colours and what I see as my subject, through the canvas and the paint, to the viewer. I paint to surround myself with beauty and to counteract the excess ugliness in the world. Beauty is the antidote. Beauty is the solution. Painting is my newest medium to express innovation, creativity, beauty, hope and the future. I didn’t paint at all until I was in my mid forties. I didn’t draw either. Somewhere along the way I had been convinced that artistic talent was for somebody else. I had listened to people programmed by a lifetime of subtle propaganda to function in and perpetuate a capitalist society. Now I have glimpsed the truth: that art is for everybody. Art is democratic and anarchistic, in the very best senses of those words. Criticism and denigration of any artist’s work is but an artefact of commerce and hierarchy. Convincing somebody to forsake their art is nothing more than an abuse of power. Knowing this is empowering. But don’t conclude that I had no medium at all until my forties. I have always had a creative medium. It has been (and still is) music, invention, software, electronics, ideas, wood, metal, my garden, writing. In each medium, I find the colours and I use them to express my inner joy. Creating lets me exert a meaningful counter pressure to the crushing weight of conformity, convention, oppression and restrictions against freedom that sit like a dead weight on all of us. Some blithely buy into the propaganda and don’t trouble themselves with the obviously inexplicable things that belie the truth. I cannot. I am too aware. I can sense intuitively that all is not what it seems, with the world. Creating is my one way to fight back and maintain my equilibrium and peace. I choose to fight with love and beauty. And when I fight, I fight with lightness, wit, surprise, delight, some humour and without taking myself too seriously. Ultimately, the bad guys can’t win against abundant love and beauty. Painting is the latest tool in my self-appointed mission to imagine, invent, inspire, create, encourage, enlighten and edify.
Chelation therapy
Good Morning Everyone, Hope you are all having a great week. Boy the weather has had a bad turn here. Hope everyone is keeping warm and safe.
Senate hearing brings out more shocking ignorance of high ranking public officials. Nobody knows nothing!:
- Sift together all dry ingredients
House arrangement
- I’ll read it. I can’t make out a fuckin word from you. Take the wheel and watch the road: “Believe me, Slim, a pimp is really a whore who’s reversed the game on whores. Slim, be as sweet as the scratch…No sweeter. And always stick a whore for a bundle before you sex her. A whore ain’t nothing but a trick to a pimp….But a good pimp could cut his swipe off and still pimp his ass off. Pimping ain’t no sex game. It’s a skull game.”
Combine tomatoes and juices with red-pepper flakes, and spread one third in baking dish. Top with half the greens. Spread half the bean puree over the greens with a small offset spatula, and sprinkle with a third of the cheese. Scatter evenly with three-quarters of the mushrooms.
...a very special day in our family...it will be crazy busy, as the last several have been...it will be beautiful, it will be rewarding...I'm sure it will even be tiring, but tomorrow will be full of friends, family, hope and laughter...work but with a lovely rewarding end...
Hopefully, I have shared openly enough about the difficulties of my past that you will now let me share some truths with you. Here are some things I have discovered over the past twenty years or so - things I never would have discovered if I had gone through with my thoughts of suicide.
Gradually add the egg mixture in 2 batches, beating for 20 seconds after each addition to incorporate the ingredients. Scrape down the sides. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the surface with a spatula. The pan will be about 1/2 full.
Laundry started - I don't have a load everyday but almost everyday to get going. There are always towels and sheets to deal with too. If you keep on top of it you will never have a mountain of laundry pile to deal with.
I printed out TEDDYBEA_ 020 and coloured her with prisma's and copic's.
Our challenge Schedule:
We sat down and I immediately asked the flight attendant for some water.
This little biscuit had a birthday...
A couple years ago, a friend offered to hold a little class for a handful of us who were interested in making soap. The first thing she told us was that no one under 16 was allowed to be in the class or wandering within our work area. I've kept that as a rule. Another couple rules that I never break are:
One fine afternoon, while everyone was working, there was a sudden yell from the grasses a few tens of yards away. Everyone ran towards the place. Shankar also ran. Everyone searched the place thoroughly. No one was found.
"The sun is rising," Tom mourned.
So we drove to LaVecchia's Steak & Seafood and when we got there, the hostess walked us to this private room just for us! Mr. Charming had put daisies on the table which are my favorite. We looked at the menu which Mr. Charming had custom made himself with the help of his friend who was the head chef (even.better!) We had four courses and were so full. The food was amazing and it looked so pretty. The chef came out for each meal and served it to us and explained what he made. I loved it! We got to have some wine for our entrée. I had Mahi-Mahi fish and Mr. Charming had steak! Then right before dessert came out (which you all know is my favorite), he stood up and got down on one knee and asked if I would marry him. Of course I said YES! I was smiling probably the biggest I've smiled in my entire life. It was all so romantic :) Then there was dessert. Cheescake...Yummy! Mr. Charming did such an amazing job with everything. He's so thoughtful and knew exactly what I liked.
An engine is a piece of software. RPGMaker is an engine used to make games. To look at RPGMaker.net's full engine run-down, click here. Let's go through a run-down of the more common engines used:
En route home, I dragged poor Col in to Dunelm Mill, where we spent a little while shopping for sheets and towels (I LOVE Dunelm towels and after almost three years, I decided it was time to buy new ones!)
The conference includes the presentation of papers focused on the whole or part of this teaching, seminars on chapters, themes in All & Everything and cultural events. The program is scheduled so as to encourage time for dialogue and the developing of personal relationships outside the structured meetings.
He agrees that the John Duval Eligo is the standout drop here, for the price if not the flavour. E@L parts with $200 and departs with two bottles.
We all have great intentions. Like exercising everyday. Putting away the dishes as soon as they're dry. Making your bed. And eating all the bananas you bought.
if you happen to be in the greater new york area and are interested in attending, sirius xm is doing a giveaway this week, giving away a few pairs of tickets for the festival on saturday, march 27th.
Well, first ride back after his break could have been better. I walked him out on a loose rein and he was happy as could be. I was also walking with another mounted person and Yves kept wanting to play with their horse. Fortunately, the rider was a good sport, having started many babies herself.
Create a card using the above sketch as inspiration. You're not required to use TE stamps to play, but there's a bonus prize if you do! To be entered into the prize drawing you must link your card using the In Linkz provided below by Thursday, April 25th. And of course there are prizes that are up for grabs:
Casting caution to the wind and Lindsay Lohan as Elizabeth Taylor, neither action being particularly brilliant, we sent the following reply.
“You sound like my old priest.”
Now that one looks good…but wait, I still look huge. Is this how weight loss looks on me? Is this what I look like to other people? Ugh! It doesn’t look like I’ve lost any weight at all.
How many workers are at the Atlantic Yards site? Last week emerged two reports, with slightly different numbers, based on slightly different reporting times.
I really enjoyed this scene. Volume 12 gets too serious and tragic fast, and it was nice to see moments like this one. It gives the reader a chance to laugh a bit before everything else in the volume becomes no laughing matter. It’s also amusing to watch Toya’s cool, mysterious air get broken in this scene when Yuhi attacks him with his shirt. Yuhi rages on, and on the shirt itself you see Toya sweatdropping as he listens to him. Watase really could have drawn the scene where Yuhi reprimands Toya in a much more serious way, but opts for this funny moment instead. The scene kind of reminds me of a comedy duo doing their sketch on stage. It certainly has that feel to it.
Last night saw the title race move a step closer towards a final conclusion with the defeat of Manchester United to their ‘noisy neighbours’ Manchester City, in the highest profile Manchester derby for decades. The game itself was a slightly disappointing spectacle from the footballing perspective, especially considering that it was being billed by some (such as Gary Lineker) as the biggest game in the history of the Premiership. Due to the nature of what was at stake this was perhaps understandable, and the tension that was ever-present was clearly evident.
So here are six easy steps to get your man (husband, boyfriend, fiance, any other type of man and your on your own) to do what you need them to do:
Seriously? We're supposed to believe this, because of what this guy says a ticket agent told him when he was selected for extra screening? Occam's razor, anyone? The moral of the story: the terrorist watch list is really annoying. It should be handled much better, if it all. However, you lose all your credibility to address the actual problems if you complain about situations like these that are very likely exaggerations. Show a little skepticism, people!
Everyone used to decry Playboy, not just because it was porn and it trivialized sex, but because the highly retouched photos of the models presented a picture of womanhood that was inherently false. Few women in the world actually look that beautiful and that voluptuous in real life. Certainly, many Playboy centerfolds do not. Reality simply is not as alluring as the dream provided in the darkroom.
Took the el over to the club. It's literally just called The Club. I guess it was one of the first one's here, built when the company who started Titania was trying to look inviting. So I guess they only needed to call it The Club. It does look a little older inside, some of the walls need to be replaced, the edges are rusting and they have a collection of dents and punctures. The stage is an old-fashioned cabaret thing, but it has a grand piano. I didn't know they had grand pianos out here. It's kind of funny, I know they don't make wooden instruments out here so someone must've shuttled that thing over, possibly over a century ago.
But he was already charging, and was too involved to recognize me or my voice, or to pay any attention to his owner, who was calling for him.
LOOKBOOK.NU and Weardrobe
A pioneer of new science was Mitchell Feigenbaum. “His work in the late 1970′s was so revolutionary that several of his first manuscripts were rejected for publication because they were so novel they were considered irreverent. (Gleick, 1987) Feigenbaum discovered order in disorder. He looked deeply into turbulence (the home of strange attractors), and saw universality.” We reach the deep conception of understanding of this universality when our ability to know the place of our “aha moment house” truly exists, is activated. This activation is our key, given us by God through our higher selves. “Perhaps the most startling finding to come out of this new scientific theory is that order exists within chaos. In fact, order comes from chaotic conditions.” Through the force of our will to have faith in God, we become blessed to receive everything we need to create order in our lives.
Had those sailors on that stricken boat known the One in charge of all things they would have first gone to Him and many of the problems would have been solved.
Shirt/Belt: W1
I HAD to go with a copper hood. I've been a little bit obsessed with them since finding this picture and put them in every dream kitchen. I like this one because it's a little darker so mixing it up with fixtures and hardware in other finishes will be contrasting, not clashing.
Wednesday morning, Saedi woke up with a broken fever! She acted fairly well most of the morning then started to get bad again. By the time she went to bed she had her fever back up to at least 102 and was having severe abdominal pains below her belly and on her right side, and chest pain. We were worried it may be her appendix, or pneumonia! We called the on-call doctor and told them what was going on...they didn't have a whole lot of advice for us so we were left to decide what to do on our own. I spoke with a nurse friend on facebook who advised we should probably head to the ER- and again we did. This time they gave her an IV, ultrasound, blood work and tested her urine. The urine came back with blood in it which they said was a sign of dehydration, the ultrasound came back normal, and the blood tests came back normal! They gave her motrin to break her fever and sent us home after she ate a popsicle. On our way home I was exhausted! I wanted to doze off with every blink of my eyes but I was determined to get home! As I pulled out of the parking lot to head home, I began praying that God would protect us on our way home! I decided to go the long way home through town instead of taking the highway home which is shorter! I kept getting stuck in traffic and behind slow moving cars!! About three miles from home I began to hear a slight thumping and felt the steering wheel start to pull and vibrate. I thought I might have a flat tire but wasn't sure since it wasn't really loud, and not to mention I had never had one before. I called Nathan and told him I thought I had a flat, and then it began to get louder! I slowed my speed and since I was less than a mile from home, was tired, and had a sick kid...I kept going! I got home and was taken back by the sight of the blown out tire! It was busted open! My first thought was, "if I had gone on the high way, we would have really gotten hurt!" Then I started to pray and thank God for protecting us!
Sometimes, it is hard to live with these two wolves inside me, for both of them try to dominate my spirit.”
Honor your father and your mother that your days may be long that they may bless you and that your star may continue to rise.
However, South African officials insisted that everyone will be safe at the World Cup.
Blindsided: 9/11 Was the Rule, Not the Exception
Can you still enjoy a novel and not like the main character?
But I digress... then there is still the shopping to be done for gifts. The returns (already) for exchanges. The cookies and treats to be made. The cards to be sent (!) how behind on those am I?? What else can I pile onto my list? Oh... I desperately need a hair cut. Like, I'm ready to put my hair in a pony tail and lop it off.
Because I am His own.
Not important.
Shaul Mofaz: Winner.
Perhaps the richest gift, and rare,
I rise
Arguing against the motion, Abdulla Alderazi a lecturer at the University of Bahrain and Khaled Almaeena, Editor-at-Large of Arab News, an English language newspaper in Saudi Arabia, said Bahrain could and should reform. “For any government, reform is a necessity; it’s not an option or a choice,” Almaeena said.
The Muslim Brotherhood from Egypt went to Washington in suits and with Powerpoint Presentations to try and secure ongoing funding, and to reassure the US of their democratic rather than Islamic intentions. One wonders – does the military, with their own agendas, actually act as a useful buffer against extreme Islamification in situations like this? What happened in Turkey? I realise how little I know about the region historically. How did those religious minorities gain iron control over majority populations – for example, Iraq, Yemen and Syria to name just a few. Was this part of a colonial carve up or a divide and rule strategy?
Alec John Such – Bass (1983-1994)
Thursday was also opening day for the Cincinnati Reds. So we all sported our Reds gear (but I only managed a picture of the kids). We can't wait to head to the ballpark. Being so close to downtown means we can decide at the last minute if we want to head down to a game.
I would remove the lid from the gas tank on the lawn mower & place it in the socks & underwear drawer.
Bitch looked so peaceful, here. It was strange seeing her relax and rest so easily when, day-to-day, even before recent events, she seemed to be on edge to a degree that would drive most people to insanity. It wasn’t aggression or anxiety, exactly, but some combination of the two.
Vir die fancy ikoon wat blykbaar 'n superster was, sal ek maar net sê wat ek dink van sy plastiekgevreet:
“Both pictures are genuine,” he said at last. “I congratulate you, Mr. Evans. I can only account for the existence of this picture being unknown by the fact that it was sold to your Leicester dealer by a Russian. There were at one time more Dutch pictures in Russia than in any other country. The court set the fashion, and every nobleman who claimed to possess taste followed it. To own a country tavern scene by Teniers was a hall-mark of good breeding. But still I should have expected to find some mention of the picture in the Catalogue Raisonnee; and he ran his forefinger along his chin, as his manner was when perplexed.
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: I address my first message to the aggressor Jews, those arrogant plunderers, who act arrogantly toward the servants of Allah in the land of Allah.
Best Supporting Actress: I said Bérénice Bejo. The real winner: Octavia Spencer
Imagine if we could nail the chemical companies for the explosive growth in cancers, diabetes and heart disease!
This week's selection was released last week:
a black patch over the eye
More…
Reality and imagination.
Co-chairing the National Party’s Mainland conference is taking priority over blogging this weekend.
Why does the child have to accept bad news readily, while the adult can react in whatever way seems natural?
"What is it?". I knew she meant, 'What are you doing? What is the purpose of this custom?'
Having an inebreiated discussion about politics with BH. He is grilling me about my beliefs and positions. I feel defensive. We are a microcosm of the enormously contentious philosophical divisions in our country. We agree to disagree on a lot of things.
This was a regular thing. Gail got so incensed that one day she began writing down license plate numbers thinking that she would blow this thing wide open probably with the help of the newspapers, TV and radio stations, Mayor Washington, etc. Never got to it. Though she did compile a fairly impressive list.
There are only a couple of places left for the Postcards from Bangalow Writing & Gourmet Experience. Held over the Queen's Birthday long weekend in June in the beautiful village of Bangalow, this unique writing event will awaken your creativity and indulge your senses.
Make the proposal creative: I recommend that you construct a “metal detector” out of some cardboard boxes, and stencil the words “BLING DETECTOR” on it. Then make her walk under it with you. Make a big alarm sound, then pull your ring out and propose to her.
There is a super prize for the winner of a PanPastel Trial Pack.
How did you and John Alexander first meet?
The maddening part is that all the ranting had an impact and was helpful in kick starting a return to a more pleasant and productive outlook. Some friends are willing to tell you when you a messing up, and I have the feeling Joel enjoys it. He'd deny that, but over the years this has happened a few times. Many years ago his blunt assessment of my state of mind and spirit was one of the influences that probably helped me save my own life.
This is the first year that we have grown Jerusalem Artichoke, and we have been impressed by its abundant harvest. From just one plant we dug up more than 5kg of tubers. In our harvesting excitement, we made the silly mistake of pulling up all the tubers at once, which, I suppose, is exactly what any first time Jerusalem Artichoke grower does, out of sheer curiosity. However, they do not store as well as potatoes, and need to be used within the week. Instead, what we should have done is left the tubers in the ground and dig them up as needed. Keeping them in the ground seems to be the best way to store jerusalem artichokes, keeping them fresh for months.
VODNIK, by Bryce Moore (Tu Books/Lee & Low, March 2012)(12+). When Tomas was six, his parents brought him to the United States after he was nearly drowned and burned to death -- and he has the scars on his arm and lungs to prove it. Now sixteen, after their house in the States burned down, Tomas and his family are back in Trencin, Slovakia, and he has a job at the very castle at which he nearly died.
jazz or country songs, spooning up
Me: What stuff
I started this blog a couple of years ago and while it has been fun, it is time to call it a day.
Joyce and the wonderfully named Magic Bob had already begun over a week ago when I was away on Holy Isle, but a quick chat while I was on my way to vote yesterday morning in the village hall led to my first session.
In the third quarter of the moon we are in a completion and review phase, or following up on and refining the resources we gathered during the crescent moon. Re-evaluation takes place during this time to determine what is needed as a next step to move forward with the goal.
If you ever watched the 1990s television series about the unknown, The X Files, then you will be familiar with the phrase ‘the truth is out there’. I think that the truth is NOT out there at all. It’s in here, that is I have my version and you have your version.
Brightened up a gray day.
25 “I will repay you for the years the locusts have eaten—
3:55 p.m. Faux-Real Finale
H&R Block, which is estimated to have handled 15% of all tax returns last year, spends the bulk of its large ad budget in the first half of the year around tax season. According to Kantar Media, the company devoted $123 million in domestic measured media between January and May of 2010. In 2009, it spent $155 million, according to Kantar.
Not that Starbucks doesn't have its own commotions. Far from it. This morning, I had only a place to stand outside on the patio. Most of the seats caught some of the morning rain, and the tables inside buzzed with discussions or meetings of one sort or another. So I stood by the fountain they recently put up, nibbling on my chocolate croissant and stared into glasses, sidewalks and people. I felt a bit like Holly Golightly as she stared into much more expensive windows, even though nary a single pearl encircled my neck and my outfits were not nearly as black. A slight mist settled in just as I did, along with a small crowd.
Whether we’re near or far, together or apart.
“I’m so sorry we forgot to send in that form,” she says. “So aren’t you going to count me?”
And binding all is the hushed snow 15
When Kṛṣṇa comes on this earth, He is not like us; He is totally transcendental. We desire the fruits of our activities, but Kṛṣṇa does not desire any fruits, nor are there any reactions to His actions. Nor does He have any desire for fruitive activity (na me karma-phale spṛhā). When we enter into business, we hope for profit, and with that profit we hope to buy things that will make our life enjoyable. Whenever conditioned souls do something, there is desire for enjoyment behind it. But Kṛṣṇa has nothing to desire. He is the Supreme Personality of Godhead, and He is full with everything. When Kṛṣṇa came on this earth He had many girl friends and over 16,000 wives, and some people think that He was very sensual. But this was not the fact.
Officials said they found Ochi standing above his wife with a broom, with which deputies believe he was beating her. She was on the floor crying in a fetal position.
One bite and you’re hooked.
Let’s be real Christians!
I now only have 4CC in my band. The doctor asked me not to put on any weight during the first 12 weeks and then to watch my weight gain closely. Well now 16 weeks in I am down 3kg. So I am very pleased with that.
Soon Jesse will be free.
Sheesh. That’ll teach her not to spit at people when she’s angry.
Bev from Flamingo Toes and I were "talking" weeks ago . . . when we were both swamped with the fun and festivity of Christmas . . . about how much we needed a break - a little "me" time. (By the way, have you seen her new blog design. I'm a little jealous, and I'm not at all afraid to admit that.)
Well, I have returned. Thanks to all who messaged me while i was away, it was really warming to see people paying attention to this blog even though i wasnt here to update it.
21 - 12x12 papers
Hat fits a 21-22 inch head
Manifesto
What are you praying for this morning?, there are many obstacles and situations we find ourselves facing everyday. There are the normal day to day things we need and then there are the big things in life. The things we want to have, what ever the size, need or want, God can do it or He can give it to you. We all want to be able to receive from the Lord, there are things that are beneficial and there are things that can side track us. In our Christian walk we need to be diligent and careful in what we ask from the Lord.
Because……
‘Be obscure clearly by’, by E. B. WHITE
Here is one coat of chalkboard paint which I used a small foam roller to apply and my super nice Purdy brush for the trim. I used the Rust-Oleum Chalkboard Paint that I picked up at our Home Depot store (here's what it looks like on Amazon at a more expensive price than HD's $10).
Next stop was to the new foodcourt floor called the Sydney Room to show my friend the dessert bar. The ice cream cases have apparently been imported from Italy and they were designed by Ferrari! Well, that's what I heard some blokes saying as they ordered their $5 scoops of ice cream. I couldn't resist so shared a scoop of honeycomb fig with Neddy. Divine!
The worst part is, now my co-workers keep making jokes about what I might have been doing in there…
Okay... Here's the part when you continue to read so that you can understand why I said the above. No point in you clicking away from this post with anger or disgust, without giving me a chance to explain myself.
His first few words were, “I do not consider myself a professional speaker, or a professional soldier…I am a writer.” As you could imagine, I was hooked shortly there after. My mind wandered in and out of his talk and I began to immediately write in my unwritten novel. I wished for a scribe, someone who could listen to my musings and do the physical act of writing for me. Then I cursed such an idea because most of the time my writing is not premeditated and comes through my fingers as if they had minds of their own. No, I would have to do it myself. I have started many books, but I can somehow never finish; a trait that is not otherwise commonplace for me. In general, I finish what I start and of course I am very cautious of things I start. However with stories, it is my pattern.
That banishes all pain, all doubt
Wilderness at the edge of Bushwick
So, if any of you fancy a big game weekend he deserves your support, I shall certainly be able to get over there more often in future. I timed the drive, door to door is less than an hour from West London! Big difference to the five hours each way to Scarborough.
“Let's Change the World With Music” is due for release on the 7th September 2009. Lead single can be heard, via youtube, here:
For tomorrow, I am feeling the former.
"Vision: outlines what the organization wants to be, or how it wants the world in which it operates to be (an "idealised" view of the world). It is a long-term view and concentrates on the future. It can be emotive and is a source of inspiration. For example, a charity working with the poor might have a vision statement which reads "A World without Poverty."
Only then will there be no al Qaeda.
I like it.
This Saturday we have JR Ross the Harmonica Boss and his birthday bash at 10:30 p.m. with with the Bobby Bluehouse Band at 8:00 p.m.
As my soaring spirit
run from her face as she took in the pictures and she breathed slowly and
It doesn’t matter at what point you are in your journey…and how fierce the battle may seem ahead of you…if God sent you out…He watching over your life…He will meet you at the end and you will be victorous in Him.
But none of us were in an anti-hero, serial killer mood,* so we ditched the plan and went for dinner and a movie. And we actually managed to score tickets to this movie, which is the antithesis of an anti-hero flick:
I sat beside them, but they never greeted or even looked at me. ‘Do they even realize that I’m here?’ I wanted cry, but I should hold it in. ‘Be strong Junsu…’
sprinkle with coarse salt an set aside for 20 minutes. Pat with paper towel to remove remaining moisture.
Norfolk State’s starting pitcher, Chris Horne, also did well today, and during the first few innings, managed to throw off several Maryland players with key pitches and breaking balls that dropped so dramatically, starting at the eyes and dropping down toward the stomach, and successively surprised many Maryland hitters.
I've stopped bothering with people striving for secession and independent homelands, because its a waste of time and as one particular person here on Facebook said to a friend of mine, I'm old-guard, from the old school and I cannot open my mind to such new ideas. Unfortunately when she was still in diapers I was already involved in the fight for a volkstaat, before 1994. I KNOW it will never happen anymore and I was busy writing an article explaining exactly why it will not happen, but I decided against it, because as long as they keep working at it, it keeps them out of our way, so its better to let them continue with what they're doing.
And “Three Miles Down”.
have taken a picture but i never think about these things.
Here's the first in the series of sketches for Rob, so he gets an idea of what we're thinking to have as the final documentation of the 'leave behind' shot. In this case it's for the first action we are doing Saturday the 17th at 4P. I think we'll come up with an official looking certificate or warning etc., results from the test that will have our stamp and some data and a signature, something about radiation testing successful failed etc.
Squad formation
Or the week before that - it was all my pencils.
UPDATE: The Sheriff's Department indicated that the suspect in custody is identified as Lester Triplett of Louisville. Triplett has provided a statement to investigators.
She received a miniscule 5 years for putting anti-freeze in his drinks and cyanide in his food “on a number of occasions.” She supposedly considered suicide but decided punishing her husband was a better idea. You know someone is pissed when their preferred method of your demise is watching you writhe on the floor for 30 minutes before your eyes go dark.
Lead actress Asin who stars alongside Akshay Kumar in the masala-entertainer ,especially, was all praise for her co-stars.
"I've only enough carpet for the hall and landing," said Tom with a blank stare.
I honestly feel that Speaker 7 elevates comedy to another level. I think it would be a horrible shame in blog-land if more people didn’t read her. She complained recently about her site stats in a post. I’m so in denial that she has any site stat suckage, that I refuse to link to the post. But, I will link to some others. She has an incredible series known as “turd of the week” where she talks about creationism, burkas, and women as livestock. I also dare you to check out her piece where a bride feeds herself THROUGH A NOSETUBE to lose some lbs before the wedding and NOT laugh. I dare you to check out her piece on Ghost-Douches and why we should have a better screening process before d*cks get their own TV programs and NOT wee yourself a little bit.
Today, David Hoffman and I removed the GATR system from the World Concern building and brought it back to the airport. The World Concern folks still as yet do not have an infrastructure in place to keep the VSAT system inflated for the night. With the price of gas reaching $10 a gallon in the city and even that is watered down, they don't have the finances to keep the generator going. Each time the GATR system deflates, it must be reinflated and recalibrated which is up to an hour process.
There were so many exquisite sweets that I didn’t get (this time), including the Breton caramels. But I was happy to see she also carries Jacques Genin’s caramels—more proof that Acabo only carries the best of the best.
Sadly, it wasn’t enough to persuade Dougie that his future lay at the club, and with the likes of Glenn Murray and Jermaine Easter consistently preferred to Pinney, a loan move was agreed to give the youngster the best chance of getting regular first team football.
I believe that this series shows how she has blossomed as a writer! And I'm so glad that I didn't let the author shy me away from trying the series.
I wondered how they would manage, with so much information and little time to write. There are mostly women in the group, which may account for many choosing to write in the voice of an embroiderer. Needles flashed in and out of their lines as they read back. I'm always amazed how well they write under pressure, after being reassured that they are only expected to produce 'material in progress' and not poems yet. Hearing them read their responses, as we were bathed in the glow of the tapestries, made me feel as if the world was constantly
Although it looks nice on its own, I think that to get the best from it, you should layer it over another blusher. I tend to layer it over blushers with little shimmer in them. I know it's hard finding a decent matte blusher so I use the next best thing.
This was a few months ago when the deck was being built... so imagine the level like 3 feet below this. There were birds walking in the middle of the lake, people.
I will now go about this business of being depressed and see what I make of it.
it's a Spellbinder's Shapeabilities Dies Ribbon Tag Trio 2
* 2 tablespoons chopped oil-cured black olives
Ensuring your adult-man-child will make love to an artificial vajayjay
Days and nights are getting bleaker,
Last year, I saw this design floating around the blogosphere and knew immediately that it was something we had to do for my mother-in-law. I remember my grandfather singing this song for me when I was very young, but it's a song my husband's mom sings to her three grandchildren all the time. This was perfect for her, and my husband stitched it for her for a Christmas gift. (Yes, I am just now getting around to posting a photo)
Just because he’s madly in love with her. ”Deberian ustedes tres estar agradecidos de semejante mama que les di!” He always tells my brothers and I that we will be forever in debt to him for giving us such an incredible mother. Truth is, I think we’re in debt to both for getting something so complicated, right.
“Couldn't hazard a guess really. I mean, it hasn't got a label. I doubt its collectable.”
And I miss all my friends from far away already... *Sighs*
I have a closet with clothes in..
With regard to the executive order appropriating funds for the conduct of the coming elections, I uphold the same view as in the foregoing, namely, not in abdicating the power of this court to pass upon the validity of an executive order, but to defer judgment upon such an order until the legislature may provide a substitute measure. The reason for this is, likewise, absolute necessity. Without such Executive Order we may have not elections in November. Elections are the very essence of popular government for the establishment and preservation of which, our Constitution has been consecrated. To permit the unwarranted abolition or even suspension of elections, will surely result either in the denial of popular representation or in the perpetuation in power of those already in office. Either result is revolting to our system of government. Briefly stated, I hold that this court should neither ratify nor nullify this executive order, but should defer judgment in the same manner and for the same reasons stated above in connection with the executive order on appropriations. The Court, in these cases, is confronted not only with bare issues of law, but with actual anomalous situations pregnant with possible dangers to the nation, and it is the duty of the Court, as a dispenser of justice, to find a solution that is both legal and realistic.
+ Townes Van Zandt - High, Low, and In Between/The Late Great Townes Van Zandt - 1972
“And that means you do what exactly?” best to humor the nutties. Happy crazy is generally a peaceful crazy but as her better judgment urged her to make distance from blue eyes she found herself continuing their exchange.
when cool enough to remove from pan, wrap in foil to keep moisture in, somehow, this improves the bread over the next few days…ymmv
Outburst! Grown children in need of financial help
High-hearted buccaneers, o'erjoyed that they
I can see the dark flecks and super slight shimmer, and I do think that the subtle details make it neat. Neutrals and I rarely get along, though, especially neutrals that aren't at all complimentary to my skin tone.
stand at room temp for 2 hours until set – cut into small pieces
When I got dressed this morning, I had a plan.
“My mother is a witch and that I know to be true. I have seen her spirit in the likeness of a brown dog, which she called Ball. The dog did ask what she would have him do and she answered that she would have him help her to kill. At 12 noon about 20 people came to our house – my mother told me they were all witches.”
I've used DCWV pp's, Bazzill cs, Wild Orchid Crafts flowers, oriental coin and my spellbinders nestabilities die.
By the time 6:30 rolled around, I was ready to just crawl in bed with a sleeve of Thin Mints and call it a night. But the next best thing was to at least get out of the house for a bit, no matter what state I was in. So naturally I ended up seeing the person I least wanted to see. The who, what and whys are not important, but it was not pleasant.
Level 1: Ignores 4% of monster’s DEF.
-- Sean Penn on the Falkland Islands
Now, a bit more on VPPSEQT (short for Virtual Pool Parallel SEQuential Threshold): this is one of several DB2 buffer pool parameter specifications that can be altered for a particular pool via execution of an ALTER BUFFERPOOL command. The default value for VPPSEQT, as noted, is 50. This is actually a percentage of the VPSEQT (Virtual Pool SEQuential Threshold) value, which is 80 by default. That 80 is a percentage of the associated pool's buffers, so by default 50% X 80% = 40% of a pool's buffers are available to hold table and/or index pages that are read from disk as a result of parallel-mode query execution. If you change the VPPSEQT threshold for a pool to 60 and leave the VPSEQT threshold at 80 then, for that pool, 60% X 80% = 48% of the buffers will be available to hold pages read into memory in support of parallel-mode query processing. If VPPSEQT is set to zero, no buffers will be available to support parallel-mode query processing, so queries targeting tables in table spaces assigned to that pool will not be candidates for parallelization.
So what next? It is tempting to predict a much tougher crack-down against the liberal-spirited (with black journalists in the front row) as the full seriousness of this loss of hegemony dawns on the regime. But history is rather against that. We have, after all, had three waves of nationalism. The first was a British jingo wave. It felt supreme confidence in its hegemony at the conclusion of the Anglo-Boer War but this was rapidly disappointed when it became clear both that Afrikaner resistance had not died away and also that the voting solidarity of the Anglo-bloc was a lot weaker than Milner and Churchill had hoped. Faced with these realities by 1907 they realised that they could only prevail through another armed conflict, for which they had no appetite at all.
I believe these guys lasted several rounds into the draft. I was happy to get them. While I have no love for either team, I have mad love for vintage of all sorts - particularly quality vintage. I've renewed my focus for 2012 and plan to spend more on vintage and less on new stuff (until Heritage or Gypsy Queen wows me, I'm sure).
and this is a biggy for me- Contentment! In ALL areas of your life. Not just laying down like a door mat, but a true work in progress contentment. One that says I can choose to be happy in every circumstance.
With ski jackets, hiking boots, walking bladders and a mountain of snacks and vitamins and tablets, I’m just not sure it’s all going to fit in.
puppy dog tails
12) I don't like muscle-y men. I prefer the slack fucker body type. Think Simon Pegg in "Shaun of the Dead." I also like what the Spouse Sparrow calls "skinny dying fuckers," but they had better have enough of a belly for me to use as a pillow.
You might have to let go of a way of life. You might have to let go of bitterness.
The following statement may crumble with the weather of the coming years, but for now, I am fairly confident when I say that Jackson Pearce can make even the most mundane, the most despicable thing into something readable. Sweetly is a prime example of this; within it squirm a rather large amount of things that I would normally despise. Werewolves, angsty love interests, contrived expositions of a spiritual nature, small dead end towns full of whiny bigots, coconut flavoured sweets, and other things of that nature. In Sweetly, werewolves threw their fake-tan out of the window and reverted to their ‘eat all the pretty ladies’ scheme (as opposed to the plan where they romance the pretty ladies), the angsty love interest actually had a reason so angst, and never uttered the dreaded phrase “because I don’t want to hurt you” in relation to any supernatural/psychological issues, the small town, oh, who am I kidding, I adore small towns full of whiny bigots and while coconut flavoured sweets still curdle on my tongue in real life, any sweets in the novel smell like words and words, I can tell you with a straight face, are delicious. Anyhow, Pearce manages to twist my perceptions of these components, by bending these concepts into something refreshing. Even the romance, which decided to travel along a route that many of its ancestor novels had previously trod, managed to feel much less fatigue-inducing or predictable than many of those aforementioned novels. In addition to that, it managed to squeeze an awww out of my dusty, frozen vocal chords, as opposed to the much more frequent threats of death by chainsaw that I offer to its less successful brethren.
I use to have a 100 plus sheep, another breed, and I have never lost an Ewe and Lamb in birth.
a magical time when women did not hate their bodies
I feel so healthy now. I could maybe live in the kind of world where only this kind of salad exists. I’m at least living in that world today. I’ll be having seconds at dinnertime.
Today, however, I'm breaking my rule.
Here's the affirmation I've taken to saying to myself before bed at night, or some variation thereof:
*Alex is less enthusiastic about the idea than I am. He wants that on the record.
Front:
Sliding his police cruiser sideways into the parking lot of the hospital, Kevin bailed out of the cruiser and ran to the nurse’s deck. On the verge of passing out Kevin screamed, “I’ve been shot in the back!” Dramatically, contrary to her usual character, the nurse jumped from her chair screaming “Doctor! Doctor!” She grabbed a wheelchair and reach for Kevin’s arm. “Sit down.” She said urgently. As Kevin tried to sit, the pain was more than he could bear. “I can’t!” He grabbed his back as these words left his mouth. The nurse held onto Kevin’s arm as they slowly walked to the examination room.
FREE folded card for Dad!
Christmas Day was spent at my Aunt’s house. My daughter had a great time playing with her cousins. The adults laughed and reminisced about past Christmas get togethers. We observed how the kids weren’t playing with their new toys. They were happy just playing together outside. My son spent the day taking a few rides on the golf cart, playing on his new internet tablet that my sister had bought him, and hanging out with me.
setting my lonely thoughts to rhyme
To win one of five copies of Mary Hooper's Velvet (Bloomsbury)
vegetable broth
Hello friends and visitors! Oh wow, it's been quite a while now...time sure flies! I've been meaning to feed my blog with recent updates and share the stories of my life the moment I started blogging but unfortunately I often came across several hurdles blocking my way. There and then I often think how I wish I could escape just for a while and write. Today I decided to make time for writing while my little one takes her morning nap...alas!
One of my most treasured memories of having a little girl was our first outting. My Mom was staying to help and one day we all went to a nearby town to buy a poster I had seen at a shop there. It is the most stunning painting of pink roses. I wanted it when I had first seen it, but didn't want to somehow jinx having a girl...so I left it, telling myself I'd buy it when she arrived. So we went....all 5 of us....my Mom, The Spouse, Finn, Me, and Kiki. I was so proud to be able to buy a PINK poster. I had a girl. She had a big brother. The world was perfect.
Last weekend my friend Jen came over to help brew a batch of porter (Sweet Dead Lion), and we were reading from the best brewing book of all time, just admiring the way that Charlie Papazian respects the life of each individual yeast. Jen referred to the little guys as “Yeastie Beasties.” We decided to make a few loaves of bread while we were at it, and they turned out great (hope the porter turns out as great!) She asked me to share the recipe, so here it is:
1/2 cup granulated sugar
I have used wrapping paper in the past but didn't have enough on hand and wanted to do this before shopping again, so I found a leftover rectangle green Dollar Tree tablecloth. (which, fyi is big enough to cover all the layers if cut logically, but if covering the risers, I think another would have been nessesary, but 2x$1 is better than 2x$3 a roll for wrapping paper!) I cut around each circle and scotch-taped the plastic on.
﻿"There are, of course, entirely black forms of magic.
Have you ever heard the phrase "Carpe diem?" It's Latin...and it basically means "seize the day!" Well, this card is all about living for the day! Say what?! Yep . . . just wait for it! It will all become clear very shortly! But first, my card!
Fork or Whisk
Look in this magazine. See that supermodel? This is as close as you'll ever get to her.
Let us just, celebrate our Independence with energy and hope for a better and prosperous future.
The Annapolis director of player personnel, Marvin O’McMelvinson told us, “We feel Woods will help raise our profile in the National Football League. Recent polling data shows very few Americans are even aware we have a team.”
Sources in Athens are repeating what they alleged two weeks ago: that the PASOK leader is hinting at direct action from outside Greece were a Coalition without him and against the Troika to emerge after May 6th.
Those Who Love: A Biographical Novel of John and Abigail Adams
No storebought or of the shelves parts on this bike !
Appearing on ESPN Radio’s “The Herd with Colin Cowherd” on Monday, NBA commissioner David Stern said, “We have a hard and fast rule. Unless somebody trips you and sends you into him, nobody touches a referee. That’s the proposition.”
The second rule of thumb when using the bathroom is - wash your hands. Its not exactly a hard concept to grasp. You have either just touched your wang, or wiped your ass, as well as all the fixtures and handles and shit in the bathroom that have had other wang and ass-covered hands on them. Take 30 seconds and wash that shit. Because next time you hand me a bit of paper or whatever, it has all your wang-germs on it. Then I touch my face, and I have pretty much had your wang on my face. Now, I don't dislike you, but I really don't want your shlong all up in my grill. Got it?
64. Visit the zoo
Riverberi alla MBV, melodie alla Smiths, il tutto miscelato con attitudine moderna e un batterista che sapeva veramente il fatto suo.
The ocean. I live near it. Walking distance in fact. I've moved away from New Jersey to all parts of the US, and I keep coming back home because there is no place in the world like the Jersey shore. It is in my blood!
Go out or come in.
Juanjo Ccastellano did the album cover, we knew him from his "Primal Massacre" work for VOMITORY and we really wanted him to design for us.
I’m going to keep this brief so you can get to the video… indoctrinating children into ANYTHING (let alone religion) is one of the worst atrocities known to man. It belittles human intelligence and forcefully strips away any and all freedoms one might have at a point in time when they are incapable of making decisions for themselves. NO child is born religious, it is a belief. NO child is born a “Flat Earther”. NO child is born republican. What I must tell those who are parents, soon to be parents or those who are considering parenthood… NEVER. EVER. Under any circumstance, raise your child in a way that teaches them that “beliefs” are “facts”. It’s selfish, cruel, and in religious terms… sinful. If you want to teach your children, teach them many varieties of ideologies and allow them to come to a conclusion for themselves when they are old enough. It’s not by chance that so many Christians are in America, Hindus are in India and Muslims are in the Middle East.
Nowhere has this vengeance been more tragically demonstrated than Afghanistan and upon an innocent and terrorized civilian population that bears absolutely no responsibility for the events that led the United States to invade and occupy the country over a decade ago.
It’s a very good sign when you’ve only just got in the door, announced that you’re here for the Beer Dinner and they “Well, you’ll be wanting a beer, then?” That’s a welcome you take straight to the pool room. A Mountain Goat Organic Steam Ale was served with a smile and invitation to “just ask if you need another”. It hasn’t even started yet and it’s getting better already.
On my third day off in a row, I was crossing a street in the rain at night when a dodgy looking black guy coming the other way went out of his way to cross in front of me and then grunted loudly while making a stabbing motion toward me.
Publication date: June 6th
No floor: a wave of flickering grass tongues
realized that it was painted shut.
The Hoh are located right next to the Pacific Ocean in Washington state. The land is part of a rain forest, and the Hoh river runs through the land. Recent increased flooding of the Hoh river has resulted in water damage to some tribal members' houses, some of which have been on the site for 100 years.
7eme
1. I heart Faces. I've written an article for the wonderful, amazing, incredible Iheartfaces, (aka the biggest honor ever..) and it can be found here if you havent seen it already: the link, click here!
I roll around pretty and bitter.
Beautiful. Maybe I'll do this again next year after all...
The army is already deploying and harassment of MDC-T activists is warming up.
Yes, my little rubber giraffe.
There are plenty of films coming along that I do want to see in 2010. Of course there’s the first part of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (expect a countdown ticker to appear as soon as the Leaky Cauldron or Mugglenet produce one), although that of course isn’t until November. Before then the big release is Tim Burton’s Alice in Wonderland in March, starring the usual Burton crew and also an adaptation of The Lovely Bones, which I think is out shortly, based on a book I very much enjoyed reading. There seem to be plenty of remakes in the works like Clash of the Titans, which I’m sure will be visually stunning given the abilities of CGI these days, but I suspect that they will lack something in the storytelling as so many of those films do.
Automating routine explanations gives us the opportunity to make our classrooms more participatory, more experimental, more human. It would be a real shame if instead they became more dull.
her mom and dad and I sat
From examples of album covers displayed on the back cover The Troubadors also visited Rome, Spain and The Land Of The Gypsies. All of the album covers sport the same layout and "branding graphic" as seen in the upper left corner.
The electricity went out at our house. And since we have electric garage doors, I was stranded in my own home! Haha. I also had to get to work...Ooh, what a predicament. Just pull the string, right? Well, I did that, and I couldn't figure out how to secure the door up so that I could pull out and not have the garage door fall on my car! Oh my my. Just in the nick (knick?) of time, the electricity came on! Then, it supposedly went out again minutes after I pulled out of the neighborhood. *Timing*
One may have read the Spirit of Prophecy Bulletin for this morning and may have been encouraged. Thank You Jesus!
Happy Thanksgiving.
I went to j-school. I am a freelance journalist. I write on a blog. I'm on a horse.
Leaving without a word
Believe it or not, Americans knew humiliation once. The North American colonies’ humiliation ended shortly after the Declaration of Independence was adopted in 1776 by the Continental Congress. Before they gained their freedom Britain imposed a series of laws and taxes on them and many colonists considered the laws to be illegitimate and a violation of their rights as Englishmen. They won their freedom from a corrupted British Empire after fighting the Revolutionary War. To this day, American culture cherishes independence more than anything else.
Many in the colonial world who had followed Wilson’s increasingly dramatic proclamations in the final months of the war, however, came to expect a more immediate and radical transformation of their status in international society. As the outlines of the peace treaty began to emerge in the spring of 1919, it became clear that such expectations would be disappointed and that outside Europe the old imperial logic of international relations, which abridged or entirely obliterated the sovereignty of most non-European peoples, would remain largely in place. The disillusionment that followed the collapse of this ‘‘Wilsonian moment’’ fueled a series of popular protest movements across the Middle East and Asia, heralding the emergence of anticolonial nationalism as a major force in world affairs. Although the principle of self-determination was honored in Paris more in the breach, the events of 1919 established it at the center of the discourse of legitimacy in international relations. Thus, the Wilsonian moment began the process that Hedley Bull called ‘‘the expansion of international society’’ in the twentieth century. It launched the transformation of the norms and standards of international relations that established the self-determining nation-state as the only legitimate political form throughout the globe, as colonized and marginalized peoples demanded and eventually attained recognition as sovereign, independent actors in international society.
I describe myself as endlessly curious. Secretly, I love that about me. (It's certainly better than being "intellectually incurious" as one White House staffer described President George W. Bush.) I also love that my appetite to learn about foreign history, culture is so easily indulged. I adore my little multi-cultural suburb. There are so many opportunities to connect with someone from someplace different. But sometimes my ego catches me off guard. And sometimes the little jerk points out that this curiosity only makes me weird because so few of the Americans in my circle possess that same level interest.
I am not on a diet..I am on a journey of obedience with God. This is a life long
Public Safety Department
Good Morning Everyone, Im afraid I will be not posting any cards for a few days as my mother in law passed away early yesterday morning, and I dont think its appropriate at this time, I will be back hopefully at the weekend, but I just want a few days to myself to come to terms with whats happened.
Isn't that a terrible thing to say about one's own husband? It's not that I can't do what I want when he's here but it's easier to blog when he isn't. I just realized this morning that I haven't blogged in a couple of weeks... again! It's spring. That's my excuse. It just feels more important to be out in the garden that to be sitting at the computer, you know?
What else should I say?
Image pictured from the collection of the MCA
The same opponent who for the past five games had: while running past said, “Heads up old man,” elbowed him hard in the face and chipped his tooth; kicked and bruised his calf while they scrambled over the ball; grabbed two fistfuls of his sweat soaked t-shirt and tore it up the back; shoved and tripped him as they ran down the field; and last week, grappled him to the muddy ground, sat on his chest, and let out a gigantic fart.
First off, I made the mistake of booking a holiday. Don’t ever book a holiday if you’re a freelancer. Every agency in London takes it as an invitation to offer you work. It's astonishing. Strangers will stop you in the street and offer you freelance for the duration of your holiday.
So I want you to be a part of my experiment!!!
Blogging? Food? Being a part of a group whose members I never actually have to meet face to face?
Just for us.
Instant Immersion Spanish
Any interesting tidbits of something going hellishly wrong with/during a show, you’d care to share?
After I left, I received over a dozen texts. I was driving and had to ignore them at first, but I seriously resented the implication that I had not taken great care of her. She was hysterical. She also told me she peeled off one of her stomach bandages, a large patch b/c she'd experienced post-surgical bleeding. In a subsequent call, I tried to tell her that she's being crazy for attention, but she would not let me speak.
Mos Eisley, Tatooine – As a result of University of Southern California head football coach Pete Carroll being frozen in carbonite following vicious fighting atop Cloud City, Indiana, heralded Oaks Christian, Calif. prep quarterback Jimmy Clausen committed to the University of Notre Dame and the Hutt syndicate this past Wedsnesday.
A lassie’s voice. – Hello? she sniffs. Has she goat a summer cauld or is it the skag?
Remember that you are a genuine Star Wars fan. A galaxy far, far away is a part of you, and you gladly remember how you felt while watching the opening crawl of A New Hope. For us fans, we celebrate Star Wars everyday; so don’t feel pressured to dedicate your life every year to May 4. Considering it’s not a national holiday, it’s amazing that you even choose to recognize it!
I have called in a pro who is coming on Saturday to help. She has worked with many puppy mill dogs and 99 percent of them have had happy endings with tails wagging and wonderful outcomes. As I already knew, it is just going to take LOTS of time and patience. Annie has never been able to just be a dog. It's time to rewrite her story.
I love technology. Seriously. But the more technical the advances the more complicated the interactions become. Supporting them becomes a massive finger-pointing exercise in futility. If you were making minimum wage as a support rep, would you be interested in discovering HDMI/HDCP handshake sequences? As Mr. King once said (no, not that Mr. King) “Human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable… Every step toward the goal of justice requires sacrifice, suffering, and struggle”. He also reportedly said “Kids, you tried your best and failed miserably. The lesson is, never try”.
Rice shortage puts our country into danger zone. Extreme rice shortage encourages hoarding and smuggling. It results to more hungry and angry people. The revolution of the hungry is more threatening.
We want our favorite characters to get a break, to get angry at life’s injustice, to fight back not to be beaten down and turned into martyrs. It´s why Jo March will always be more memorable than Beth. It´s why we love when Eliza hops over ice blocks to escape from slave catchers. She is the most outstanding character in Uncle Tom’s Cabin, much more than the poor old slave whose name appears on the title.
There are many possible routes through Kingston and each will reveal different points of interest. In the past we have tended to stay close by the Thames but today went on a big circular walk of discovery. (I don’t know the name of the artist who made the above work. There may be a an information plate but I didn’t feel like braving the traffic when there might not have been anything there.)
Here's what Catrice has to say about this collection.
Isn't it strange......I knew you in the days before I thought to take photographs...........
Did you miss the ice cream truck?
Traditional theorists might call it contrarian thinking but regular people would most likely call it common sense. It is something sorely lacking in businesses today and it starts at the top. Now that is contrary to what those in management positions would have you believe!!
You, too, find yourself in a parallel universe – hell, probably another planet – manifesting as a mid-Atlantic university campus with something like 32,000 students. The students aren’t necessarily midgets, but they do have quirky rituals, like attempting to knock back 21 shots on their twenty-first birthdays, plagiarizing Rhetoric papers, and wearing shorts in below-freezing temperatures.
Jamie's mate Mark had had 2 teeth knocked out last night and no he wasn't fighting he was “wrecking” which I understand its what these not so youngsters do at these gigs.
of legal claims even if the beneficial consequence of the sending of a notification by the ISP pursuant to a copyright information request will be that in the majority of cases the infringing activity ceases and no further action is required."
Trade unions are legally allowed to stage protests but are prohibited from engaging in any political activities. However, any individual has the constitutional right to assemble in peaceful protest.
This paragraph is from one of the small group meetings. It struck me as a great thought to share for Sunday Words.
Until Tomorrow or later on…
Now Elijah said to the prophets of Baal, “Choose one bull for yourselves and prepare it first, for you are many; and call on the name of your god, but put no fire under it.”
I've misplaced my oldest pals like I misplace my keys, and just like my keys, they haven't come a-lookin' for me. I'm always wishing my keys would at least give me a whistle to meet me half way. But I know they won't. I mean, keys whistling? That's just crazy.
First of all, I think I'm turning into a cheetah or a giraffe or some other animal that has spots because every time I get out of the shower I end up looking like this.
We decided on names for the 2 baby chicks finally! It’s funny, naming chickens is almost like naming your children – alot of thought goes into the final decision. After watching the chicks for several days their personalities start to show and the littlest one found her “safe” spot away from all the others in the cage atop the glass jar on the feeder. This is her place where she nestles down and sleeps … we decided to name her “Holly” and the other chick who is a bit larger we named “Hazel”.
Because of a decades-old treaty with Mexico prohibiting building in the Rio Grande floodplain, the government built its border fence more than a mile north of the snaky river, trapping tens of thousands of acres of Texas–land in Cameron and Hidalgo counties–on the wrong side of the fence. The border wall is also riddled with miles-long gaps, seemingly placed at random. The U.S. Border Patrol says that illegal crossers are pushed to these gaps, where they are more easily apprehended.
In the service of Jesus Christ.
Fixing Defects
"So that's why they have eyeballs!" I stated my revelation out loud, "they are bunnies!"
so onto the works from our fabulous and talented ladies...
Speaking of strange, Jewish-law based restrictions, I've been spending this year in school learning the laws of menstrual purity. Yes, this is about as exciting as it sounds. After spending many months talking about counting, checking, and colors, with my classmates, my friend Aaron and I planned an inter-seminary day for three schools who have been studying the laws of niddah this year, to get together and talk about some of the extra-legal issues we were thinking about. It was a great day-- very thought-provoking and a bit intense-- which I thought called for some baked goods.
Great!
He stood before the government of Rome, perhaps Caesar himself. He had been used to such appearances in court all through his years of ministry. But this was the epitome of trials. He had appealed unto Caesar in Acts 25:11 and now that appeal was being honoured. But where were his companions; his supporters.
* I guess that leads to a random fact about me. I like approval. I like others to approve of me, of things I do. I need to work on that. My mantra should be, I am what I am. Who cares what others think.
I went to use the bathroom, came into the bedroom and he was naked! How presumptuous! Eh, oh well, being not in the best decision making place and I rolled with it. Yada yada yada, next morning I had a bit of a hangover and we did a little yada-ing and he was very sweet and nice and gave me a toothbrush. He sent me a message at work that he had a great night and it was nice waking up with me. The good news was I had that day off from work.
As much as I enjoy eating these Jelly Cheesecake, photographing them proved to be an extremely frustrating and uninspiring experience - quite possibly because all the imperfection rendered during cutting and slicing them (e.g. jagged edges) were magnified in ghastly detail through the camera's lens.
Wei swore bitterly – a rarity for PLA generals. Protocol demanded that the general stand head and shoulders above his troops in all ways, including his use of language and demonstration of emotion. The reporting soldier pretended not to have heard.
The Legend
What ever has happened in my past does not have to affect my life now and that’s something I have to remember. My dad loved me, I know that, but in the end, he destroyed my trust in love when he did what he did. I tried holding on to that memory for so long hoping that he would come back and prove that he really meant it, but it never happened. I don’t want to lose this person, I really don’t, but I’m losing him anyway, so what have I got to lose? And maybe saying it will finally break me free of these tormenting feelings. Love isn’t supposed to be bad or feared, love is supposed to be good. Just because someone destroyed your trust in love, doesn’t mean you have to live your life like love means nothing, but love means everything, and even though I know he doesn’t feel the same, perhaps it’s just time to be honest.
“So do not throw away your confidence; it will be richly rewarded. You need to persevere so that when you have done the will of God, you will receive what he has promised.”
Lip Service
One of my favorite ’90s movies! Parker Posey is, well, a party girl, obviously. Desperate for work, she takes a job at the local library, and doesn’t exactly shine. One night, though, furious and ashamed at being thought of as irresponsible, she organizes entire library while high, and dances on the tables in the process. Oh, and you can’t forget the delightful ongoing Hannah Arendt joke—really, there are so few.
Seven girls and five-item lists. Seven girls and once every seven days. Seven girls and seven worlds. Seven girls and one solution to keep them together. This is summer and it has found its match. This is fiveplease.
You’re there to give opinions on drinking and driving, and drugs and teen suicide, and other things that are important to teens.
I look forward to our family BBQ's!
So while I lay there, listening to a woman I’ve never met before, I prayed for her. I prayed for her husband, her family, and I thanked God for mine. Today I felt fried to a crisp in more ways than one. Lots was going on that I wished was different in life…but in this moment, God chose to use me to be an ear for someone and It felt good to be used. No matter the circumstances, that is enough to make a bad day good.
Right then where to start. Obviously this is all over the “escape” of Russell Edgington from his concrete prison. Now I mused for about 5 seconds that perhaps Pam had been involved in his being freed during the Season 4 finale, but because I know the character so well, (or at least I thought I did), I immediately recognized that this would just not be an option for her. She would never betray Eric like that even though Eric seems to be totally messed up over Sookie and her stupid fairy vagina!
The ground was left littered with broken glass and splattered with blood. Putin’s spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, defended the police action.
Guthrie: so you really like Romney
“Why did you pick me?” I asked.
#84. seeing old sites with new eyes
Scratches are on the screw down case, not the card
2:28 p.m. — Chilled. Transferring to fermenter.
A great amount of the job interview is conveyed by non-verbal means. You did all the homework for your interview, you know everything about the company, their vision, management style, what skills you have that would benefit the company, where you expect your career to be in 10 years and you know all the correct answers to 249 interview questions, but at the end of the day what really counts is the main question: did you have good chemistry? Can they trust your message, and what can you do in order to make sure that they will?
And how are people supposed to learn and understand anything if they are not allowed to ask and question as proposed by the Kedah legislative assembly?
It's strange how British this film feels, given that it was conceived and filmed by a Polish director who had never filmed in Britain before. Like Emeric Pressburger before him, Jerzy Skolimowski managed to take a universal theme and make it seem both quintessentially British and utterly alien at the same time.
Wipe my ass on the door handle?
Yeah ok so I haven't been writing much recently... May is a busy one for me and I've been doing some partying which is lovely but means that I don't feel right motivated to write.
Some other options are:
Running after it he cried out to the bird.
“The CES insistence that it is simply presenting church teaching is misleading. It is one thing to offer guidance on how to conduct their own lives, but quite another to encourage them to impose those views through the political process on people of other faiths, or of none. The letter sent to schools, and the encouragement to support the petition against gay marriage, is a direct intervention in a political process, and is unacceptable.”
Which is why, by the way, I’ve decided that I need to take a more hands-on approach to all this. No more sending grunts to do a Warchief’s job. I’m flying down to Dustwallow to take charge of the interrogation myself. And this Grimtotem dude better start talking quick, because I can tell you one thing, I’m not the guy you want to talk to if you’re looking for a little extra slack for the Grimtotem.
Tim Schwartz, Brew Master
"I ate everything that was available. In fact, we had a take-out food-fest," Mrs. Obama said about the First Family's visit to Chicago over Memorial Day weekend.
p.s. anyone have recipes for egg yolks? I have about 20 egg yolks lying around...maybe I'll start making some ice cream.
Next week I will continue my research in Da Lat, which supposedly is a beautiful area. I’m already picturing myself riding from one meeting to the next. I’ve uploaded some pictures of English club, Vietnamese scenery, the university campus, my weekend-office and a visit to a potato project (click to enlarge).
So difficult a question but I would especially like to take a George and Julie Cab to Fab, or by George. it’s Lush class. I have admired George’s work since I started making jewellery and Lush Julies beads were some of the first I bought while Julies cabs are wonderful. I would really like to dress a few beads George style.
"Kings of the Klub" (a great versioning of their own "King for a Day" off We Wear the Mask) is a manic DJ clash between Roger Apollon, Jr. and Roy Radics (from The Rudie Crew) for toasting and boasting supremacy that reminds one of "Pato and Roger a Go Talk," with a little Untouchables thrown in the mix ("Make room, make room when they play the rub-a-dub/We rule the dance, we are kings of the club"). It's fantastic. However, if you want to screw with their music, Roger and Roy turn deadly serious on the spare (love the haunting melodica line in there played by King Django, who did a stellar job recording and mixing the album at his Version City Studio) and menacing "Steal My Sound" ("When we come to town/You know we don't mess around/Like a king who holds the crown/Don't steal my sound").
Day 5 : Fox Glacier/Franz Josef Glacier
www.izvoruluidragos.worpress.com
These are the bits I thought particularly pertinent:
The ANC regime promptly instituted a commission of inquiry, which predictably concluded that all universities were infested by unrepentant white racists. Coloured academic Jonathan Jansen, an unapologetic critic and even hater of Afrikaners, was made rector of the university, possibly to teach those Afrikaner “racists” a lesson.
Especially since I'm in it! You may already be familiar with my fellow bookseller Jen Campbell and her blog, This is Not the Six Word Novel - but have you seen her Weird Things Customers Say in Bookshops posts? They're hilarious - and tragically familiar to anyone working in the book business - and now they've been made into a book!
The most effective way of helping all New Jersey seniors to remain in their homes is by abolishing property taxes for the primary residence of all New Jersey taxpayers. I will be the only gubernatorial candidate who will propose such a reform of our tax system in 2013. The elimination of property taxes for most will also have the desirable effect of raising property values and increasing demand for homes. Property taxes are suffocating our economy,
Where: Austin’s Fiesta Gardens
The one that really befuddled us, though, was Milwaukee's Best: "curries."
My children saw it immediately with their xray vision through the bags. The reaction was somewhat like this:
I'm no scientist and I wouldn't want to insult anybody by attempting to go into any more depth on the subject, so if you are interested you'll need to get this week's edition of Science magazine! If like me though you're simply interested in the curious world of noise in space, you can listen to the strange music here and here.
- My car hates me. It's trying to fall apart. again. We are not on speaking terms right now and refuse to tell him good boy even when he gets me from point A to point B. Jed- you better watch it boy. You're about to get the boot.
across the cherry stain floor
and stay at the bottom. Like fish.
“Fundamental Precepts:
While this information was gleaned by me only in May-June 2010, I had been in Colombo in May-June 2009 as well and knew from anecdotal information provided by friends that church organizations were working in the camps from the outset (assisted by priests who were part of the population within the camps) and that UN agencies were central to their establishment. Banks, post offices and some shops had also been set up within the camps. When Kingsbury to depicted them as “concentration camps” in October 2009, therefore, I concluded that he was a simpleton who was easily misled.
about a ¼ inch thick slices and take a bar of cream cheese and slice it in about the
I learned today that you most definitely can.
Malians say they are shocked and outraged at Tuesday’s pre-dawn arrests of at least seven people, including former prime ministers Modibo Sidibé and Soumaïla Cissé, deposed defense minister Sadio Gassama, as well as bank executives and the head of police.
13. Re-return of the Original ArtForm
lay herring in dish arrange onions around
I see some sparks of better hope, which elder years
Anyone remember that movie, Wild Hearts Can’t Be Broken? It’s about spunky girl who gets into horse diving, and doesn’t let an accident that leaves her blind stop her. It’s one of the great things that emerged from the 90s, I’m pretty sure. Anyway, that movie is what I think of when I wear this shirt. That and really passionate things like “Not even wild horses can stop me”. Because those crazy colored doodles with curly loops? They’re passionate, wild and crazy horses. Better believe it. They’ve got fire and spunk.
Who wouldn’t want to have a marriage that lasts, one that goes the distance—in love, intimacy, purpose, friendship, fulfillment, and years? The sad fact, however, is that while most couples spend hours and thousands of dollars preparing for the wedding, very few spend any time at all preparing for their marriage. That’s where Craig Groeschel’s book, Love, sex, and happily ever after, comes in. It presents the foundational principles that will help couples build a marriage that will last.
Crossville – Site of WWII German / Italian prison camp is renovated; completed barracks and behind the camp in the woods is a training facility with high tight ropes and a rappelling deck.
Not the pathfinder penetrating inland weary and long,
First, get your jars sterilized (or sterilizing) in boiling water or the dishwasher. Since you will need to process the pears in boiling water, it makes sense to sterilize them first in your canning pot.
This is not a matter of aesthetics; it is about our very identity, which is the reciprocal relationship between people and the places in which they live. Building on what we have in a similar scale and style maintains continuity and helps to focus culture and identity. National and local governments alike are destroying places that are sanctioned by time and use, where communities have grown up and grown together partly instinctively.
‘Did you represent him when he was arrested for assault on a police officer in 2005?’
Edwin P. Wilson is invariably depicted by former associates as a charming, charismatic, effective, rough-and-ready, 6-foot-4 swashbuckler who excelled in his military and intelligence career. But the real reasons for his success as an international weapons dealer are the contacts he has built up during more than 20 years of work with United States Government intelligence services.
Hello, government? Is anyone awake in there? Because we need to fix the reasons. Like the…
Also, I'm noticing that as my kids get older(two already out of the house), what wonderful company they are. When they were little I was limited in what I could do, babies and small children keep you close to home, keep you confined but when they reach an age where you can take them along and they're companions or leave them more then freedom returns and with it the ability to do more.
Passing through light
When Pamela came to live with us I bet she didn't know
hunt,gather,live in tribes
Hello everyone-
In high school, I was roughly the same height and build I am now, with a few score less pounds. I got it into my head that I wanted to join the wrestling team. (As an aside, wrestling is one of those sports that seems pretty easy and tempting, especially if you're young and strong. Don't do it. It's equal parts strength and technique; my first day of practice, I got beat by a kid who weighed like 110 lbs and had a mullet that I am sure must have served as the model for Joey Buttafuoco's. True story.) The first day of practice, the coach had us run around the gym for 20 minutes. It was easy, but so pointless. And then he made us do it again, and again, and again, until we were eventually running a mile every day before practice. And I don't mean jogging a mile, like a Richard Simmons "you can do it!" prance around the room; I'm talking about heart-pounding, air sucking, "oh Jesus oh Jesus oh Jesus I'm dying" sprints. I did it because I wanted to be cool and get a hot girlfriend (another wrestling misnomer, by the way; the hot girlfriend never did materialize,) not because I wanted to feel what it was like to have my lungs literally implode. But for one season, I got through it.
The fence after staying unused for months
F Cooldanna® offers hours of cooling relief for hot conditions after the safe non-toxic cooling crystals are activated with water. Can be worn around the head or neck and reused mulitiple times. Reusable bag included for on the go use. ZANheadgear® exclusive designs. One size fits all.
I went shopping yesterday and picked out the living room sofa....so that is done. All that is left is the kitchen dinette and the dining room. I already did the bedroom before we moved. But we haven't ordered it yet....because someone around here likes to second guess me....but it will be.
I went up the escalator gingerly, dropping down every few steps when the thing brought me too near the top. I could make out this mass of feet running – as one – from one side of the complex to the other – clad in identical trainers – they resembled in their kinetic mass the birds going round and round the Albert Bridge looking for a safe perch for the night.
Ann had to shield her eyes, but there was no way and no desire to shield herself from the warmth that flowed down to her. She looked over at Chris who was also bathed in the light. There were questions in his head that he needed to answer but didn’t know how to ask. As the two held their hands up to block the glare, Donna noticed their odd stance.
Despite this they continued with the policy of free entry for immigrants but gave no practical support to local councils and voluntary organizations. Throughout the 50.s many delegations from local councils of areas effected went to 10, Downing Street, to ask for practical help and funds. On the 21st of November 1952 the Town Clerk of Brixton asked for regulation of immigration because they could hardly cope and MP Marcus Lipton led several delegations to appeal to Downing Street as did several local councils. The programme of slum clearance was held back.
By lunch time I was exhausted and ready for a nap. A few of my co-teachers have mentioned beds in the nurse’s office and I saw a couple of them the other day when I went to get a bandage. I don’t know about other places, but in this school the bed is quite literally a bed frame with some blankets on top. No mattress (although, most Koreans sleep on their floors anyway) and none of this sterile-and-super-krinkly-and-loud-sheet bullshit you find in most doctors offices state side.
Today I'm wearing MAC Party Line from the Cremesheen collection. It's a red-toned plum, and although it looks dark in the tube, it can be worn fairly sheer, or built up for a more vampy effect. The Cremesheen formula is moisturizing and wears well - my morning application lasted me until lunch and still looked great.
To get the look all you need is:
- leek (halved and thickly sliced)
On top of this I drank nearly 5l (!) of water. I felt thirsty pretty much all the time and was sipping water all through the day. I even googled how much water is too much as I was concerned I might be going over the top, but apparently it’s not a big deal when spread over the day and there’s also intake of salt and minerals. Good to know!
The international agreement that left Britain, France and the United States in charge of the world’s financial system expired in 1994. That is why they wound down the Soviet Union.
2And I saw the seven angels which stood before God; and to them were given seven trumpets.
I had quite a time in Tucson. I met hundreds of people. I pointed out the chemtrails to many people. I would actually predict what was going to happen. I would tell them that the trails would be light during the week and heaviest during the weekend. This is because the trails are directed at crowds. I told them that after a heavy day you could expect the temperature to drop dramatically, then the following day would have super-radiant sun. All these things occured just as I had said. I told them of the symptoms that they would be feeling; first you will feel tired, very tired, then a bit of nausea, followed by aching joints and a fever. Many thought they had food poisoning or the flu. I taught the healers that they were dealing with heavy metal poisoning and not a bug. I hope some will take heed and find us a chemtrail cure. My DVD was flying out of my hands into those who could use it. I spoke with at least a dozen people with chem-trail sickness. The military also made quite a presence in the skies. I saw my first B2 bomber and "Warthogs" were flying patterns daily and the large helicopters with large guns kept us up at night. After the show had ended the jets stopped, the helicopters were gone and the chemtrails cleared up. Coincidence? While all this was going on around me, I still found myself in step with the divine will. Each friend I met would lead me on to the next. The only time I felt out of step is when I was sitting there working for an hourly wage. I found that my time is worth more than $10 an hour. I realized on this trip that I have a great many angels carrying me on my mission. Why even here in the 3rd dimension my helpers were Gabriela, Michael, Raphael, Gabriel and then Christian, Mark, Luke, John. It is a wondrous world we live in! I realized that I, too, was an angel in others lives. Strangely, or perhaps not, James Redfield, author of the Celestine Prophecies was lecturing in Tucson that first weekend. I felt that if all went right, I would run into him and get him on the show. That didn't happen, however, and that day was one of the most miserable I had there. I know now that I should have done something else, like find James. I won't say that his book changed my life, but it certainly confirmed my life for me. I learned on this trip how one can be pulled from their path by improper concerns. Yes, one can care too much for others. Sometimes, not helping is the best one can do. I was on a mission to learn to say NO! So, here's what I have gathered: money is an illusion leading us all astray. It makes us waste our time and is not an end goal in of itself. Making connections with others is what it's all about. This is why people go to a gem and mineral show. They want to meet someone interesting. The buying and selling are merely an excuse for us to get together. We are all angels doing our duty, which we love. We know when we have fallen off our destined path. We can be there for others and have all our needs met. You can bet on that! Life is truly more miraculous than most believe. To find the miraculous one must give up controlling and let the path unfold before them. It requires faith instead of money and it works! Friends are the most precious commodity out there, so don't leave them behind! Very soon we are going to need nothing but friends. Have you made one today? I hope all of you I have met will leave me a message. Angel does mean messenger!
This here blog will be getting herself a whole new gig in a few weeks. All bizzy and professional-like. I'll share more when she's all polished up, and ready for her close-up. I hope when the time comes, you'll make that move with me (*wink-wink*)
I haven't had as much time with it as I would have hoped. The needlefelting bits are small enough to fit in a basket in the house, however I feel that those vicious little needles are far too tempting with the curious children who live in my house, so the kit has to spend much time tucked away.
Don't forget to be eligible you need to create a new project that features a Penny Black image stamp, large sentiment or stickeroo as its main focus.
Every week, a product availability and price list is e-mailed out to customers on my mailing list. Orders are then collated and deliveries made on the next Monday.
Me and my camo pants :) This was taken the morning before mom's foot surgery. My hair is no longer that color, it is now RED!!! I have been having fun trying different hair colors until I settled on this hair color the last few months. It is almost the hair color of my grandma, she was a fiery red head.
I think Stuart Neville’s novels with the Lennon detective character would make a great movie.
Many months ago I somehow managed to get her talking about her ideal wedding proposal. Don’t ask me how, but somehow I did. Turns out she’s got a sweet spot for fireworks. So I decided that I’d give it a go and asked her if she wanted to go see some fireworks at Disney the next night. I wanted to make sure I got the right fireworks so I asked her what her favorite was. Of course it was Epcot, so away we went!
Basically stating that an individual that has served an anti-doping ban of six months or greater is ineligible to participate in the following Olympic Games. I have felt from the beginning that this constitutes a form of Double Jeopardy – that the athlete is being punished twice for the same offense – which, at least under U.S. law is not allowed.
I am easily and foolishly concerned with worldly success and prosperity while languid and unmoved about the greater things of another world!
Apparently, some people worry that when a parent thinks of her child as a friend, she will lose her ability to filter what comes out of her mouth. I use discretion with all of my friends. I have some friends who I talk to about some topics, but never about others. And even for my closest friend who I will normally talk to about almost everything, I will hold something back if I know she is under a lot of stress or particularly sensitive about a certain issue. I selectively share thoughts, feelings, and problems with my friends, so as not to burden them. I would do the same for my child.
BWH - Stop (Osvaldo Wilson Edit)
5) If you are on online shopper, check and see if should be shopping through the air miles website to be earning points for each purchase. For example if you buy from Chapters/Indigo online, be sure to shop through air miles to earn extra miles on all purchases.
C. Nillitee
It just seems that the foundation of loyalty is something that is best formed at the earliest age possible. Wait too long and the efforts to instil it are doomed to diminishing returns. It seems….
down looking in the mirror trying to read the newspaper, but we
And perhaps my favorite, “The Prince and the Goose Girl.” The heroine Erith is absolutely indomitable. She won’t back down, not even if it costs her life, and when the Prince realizes this he also realized that Erith is right that he isn’t much of Prince. Fortunately, he becomes a reformed man, and because Erith is as kind as she is brave, it all works out in the end.
1. Dream Vacation
Lying in bed Saturday morning, I mentally took note of everything I had to do that day, and the next, and the next.
Please watch:
"It's not about race anymore," she told me when I asked why so many people seem to have made Trayvon a martyr.
The same development occurred in Tunisia in 1956: the national economy (industry and trade) became "cooperative," and Jewish entrepreneurs and businessmen were obliged to have a Muslim partner.
They pushed "play" or whatever it is you're supposed to push to make the song start. Colors went flashing across the TV screen at the speed of light.
Adult workers have special situations that make the availability of an online version of the OSHA 10 Hour Training Course online appealing. The online version is available for workers to start anytime and they can go at their own pace. The course is also available from any internet connected computer. OSHA recognizes that the online version of the 10 hour training course has many benefits for adult workers. Workers that take the live and online versions, earn the same OSHA 10 Hour card.
But obviously the warming, in either scenario, won't be uniform. The images really show how much more dramatic warming is forecast to be over land than over the ocean. Bear that in mind when you hear forecasts of like 4C warming by the end of this century: that's a global average, but it'll be considerably higher over land, which of course is where humans and cute baby elephants and things tend to live.
Perhaps he said it best when he wrote...
You say potato, I say . . . how about adding some rice and coconut?
Wanting nothing but to put my best foot forward even though I was born with two feet.
A while back, I was going to stop gym at the end of the year for a few reasons. Firstly, I had no partner(s) to be with next year, as my current partners are leaving and no-one is strong enough to hold me any more, and I didn’t want to become a base of a lower level. Secondly, I have huge exams at the end of next year so I didn’t know if I was going to be able to cope with the school work on top of gym. I also wanted to have more time to myself and to be with my friends. The only problem was, I was going to miss gym. HUGELY!
The perspective is set at a rather unusual isometric angle that’s apparently called a “cabinet perspective.” It makes the game look interesting, but also makes for some rather awkward controls and hit-detection. In addition to that, the Paperboy tends to constantly drift a little bit to the right, which forces you to always readjust your position, and that can cause you a lot of needless trouble.
4) alphabetizing
a llegar con esta cabeza mia.
Chilli powder- 2 tsp
19But all the chiefs said to the people, We have taken an oath to them by the Lord, the God of Israel, and so we may not put our hands on them.
That's all for now, see you soon.
I tried the Slim Fast diet when I was working in London, but didn’t really stick to it. I think that’s where I put on most of my weight, when I was working in London. Well, other than uni, but that was over four years. I must’ve put on about a stone in the 7 months I worked in London.
6:15-6:30 Conference welcome: Invited representatives from Nanyang Technological University and Museum
jesse presleyEliza There are many folks who will be upset by my contact with you, some who…
(Jn 1:1-2,14) In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. (2) He was with God in the beginning ... (14) The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us. We have seen his glory, the glory of the One and Only, who came from the Father, full of grace and truth.
She drew a breath, then pursed her lips and said nothing. He could sense her furrowed brow. He continued “I liked the irony.”
We have really enjoyed having Dad around during this never-t0-be-had-again uncommitted time between work and school. We try to fill it with fun and memorable events, like...the zoo! (And not one, but TWO graduations...we'll post in it soon.)
Again, and this is just for the sake of posterity: I think Christian made that title. I didn’t pay any real attention to who had the titles back when he first went out on his own as a singles competitor, but the man went on TV with that damn belt and had a crew of interns singing that he was the champion of Europe. I throw my hands up here, that’s true champion behavior. And his choir of interns singing his then entrance music was beyond dope. Hell, even his being a crybaby was great*.
Local rich-boy Mayur lures Cyan with promises that only he knows the truth. And now, with the anniversary of her father’s death approaching, and with a gulf as wide as the Caribbean between her mother and herself, Cyan must explore the depths of the colour blue - the blue of sadness, the ocean, the horizon, and ultimately herself - in this exquisitely told story of love, betrayal, and ultimately hope.
05-24 Detroit, MI – St. Andrews Hall
Women instinctively want a man who can protect them, give them a stable life. that can mean so many things. I doesn’t mean a house and car, though to some it will mean that. It can mean knowing that Christmas needs to be spent at her parents house or that when she says she doesn’t care if he ever calls again it means she desperately wants him to call again.
For she is my mother, and I am that child,
One by one, we are called into the room of blue chairs where we sit and wait. And once that happens, one person at a time is called into Blue Door #1 and comes out of Blue Door #2 a few minutes later and is ushered into Door #3. This person soon comes out of Door #3 to wait until a nurse comes out of Door #4 with an envelope and hands it to the doctor who ushers you through Blue Door #5. From there, we are taken back to the blue chairs to wait until we are called back to the original yellow chairs to wait until we are called through White Door #1.
I literally cannot believe how quickly the year has flown by
So give me those opinions – come on – let us be surprised
Though she's "relieved" to be leaving Dr Who in the next series, there's some time before she has to think about a career change. However much she tries to suppress it – staying off the red carpets, staying out of the taxis and arms of fellow actors – her fame is growing. She is just back from meetings in LA, "which were pretty weird, actually. In Britain they try and actually dissect your personality – over there they just want to see what you can do."
16th to 26th August, Leichhardt Town Hall, corner of Marion and Norton streets.
You're sure to get it
The claim to have written the Haitian constitution was a bald-faced lie, and when Republicans leapt to take advantage of the gaffe, shedding crocodile tears over what they referred to as the “rape of Haiti,” FDR falsely claimed he had been misquoted.
For this brief of my own I will be designing characters for a comic strip or more relatively drawings of characters put in real atmospheric backgrounds.
See you there.
Richard Joachim – Drums, Vocals
house and shot the three men dead,”
We have the BD case on the left, and the booklet, 3D cards, and event lottery ticket on the right. There’s also some artwork on the back of the case.
Jaws clashing. To tear your soft skin.
No embellies - just good old ink, colours and stamps. Still one of may favourite recipes! I'm running low on tags so I'll be stocking up. I'm off to the NEC to the craft show and I'm sure I'll find something for my pennies...then onto Sweden, well, Ikea then and picking up an antique wardrobe on the way home too. Just pop it all in a bag...thanks!
The other class I'll be teaching is a recycled memory book. We'll turn the covers of an old book into the covers of a Coptic tip-in book that can hold all kinds of unusual objects. For mine, I put in a bingo card, a record, a sheet of metal as well as an old envelope, fabric and a file card.
Hardwood floors: Pioneer Hardwood Pleasant Grove, Utah (801) 830-2115. Bobby re-finished our floors last year as well. He is a perfectionist, and it shows.
THEN, he walks over to me and starts helping me put my leaves in a bag. So, I honestly would LOVE the help, but seems like a bit of a jerk move to let him help as I continue ignoring him. I tell him I really didn't need the help, but I appreciated it anyway, and he won't stop! Ugh.
The problem is…I also suck at following God! How do I proudly cling to and claim an identity that I can never measure up to? Despite my lack of communication, constant disobedience, fears, questions, distrust, the Father of all creation still chooses to call me His daughter. He is proud of me, His creation. He is proud of me, despite my failures. He is proud of me even though I am jobless, burn my granola and am at times unproductive.
Das Gupta R, Guest JF. A model to estimate the cost-benefit of an occupational vaccination programme for influenza with Influvac in the UK. Pharmacoeconomics 2002; 20: 475-484.
This ties into accession important aspect of BAFPA: neither you, nor your child, are anytime one-hundred percent adapted or wrong. You may anticipate to yourself, “my eleven-year-old is amenable abundant to play Admirable Theft Auto,” afresh acquisition him acting out agitated or annihilative activities from the bold in your animate room. Likewise, your adolescent may argue you he’s old abundant for Admirable Theft Auto, until you acquisition him accepting a lap ball in one of Liberty City’s band clubs.
Wow! they figured out how psychotic I am based on a 15 second quiz?? Impressive! Fire all of the psychiatrists- this little quiz is really all we need to point out all of our problems and move us toward better mental health! Ha ha. (I don't think that I'm that unbalanced, but maybe I should ask my husband and kids if they think it's accurate.)
How was your week, still on track with all you do?
I then added the oil - first 1/4cup and then another 1/4 cup and saw that it wasn't binding enough and it wasn't fruity enough. Now, most bars have honey, which is a taste I don't like. Also, golden syrup, glucose or maple syrup were options but then I wanted to heighten the taste of the strawberries so in went all the strawberry preserves I had and I just mixed it all together.
Or something.
This will be the last Korky’s banner. John explains in the video that Dublin City Council had taken him to court over previous banners and last week, he gave a pledge to the judge that this latest banner would come down on 31st May 2012 after the referendum for the Fiscal Compact.
I will send you a paypal invoice.
It does not fear when heat comes;
Broc and Mark both had a lot of challenges in their parenting journeys. Both were divorced when their kids were very young. For those of you who may be reading and don't know us, Mark and I have two kids, Brenna and Logan. Broc has three children from his previous marriage and he and I have been married for almost 13 years. I'm sure that doesn't even begin to explain the complexity of it all but you get the general idea!
Dusty, two-lane highways are quintessential to the American way. Up until this past weekend, I hadn't really experienced the meaning of a "road trip". Sure, I drove to campus when I was in undergrad, but that was just me traveling from Point A to Point B, several times per year. I wasn't taking stops every hour or so to take in the scenery. Then again, I was the driver.
I told him not to apologize. He was right. I don’t do this everyday. He does.
where setup by CSIR with grants and although each one of them may operate autonomously, they are accountable to CSIR. It does not appear as if the 39 different laboratories have any separate legal identities and this is probably the reason that all the patents are filed in the name of CSIR and not individual laboratories. Further, Central Government funding, sanctioned by Parliament, appears to be provided only to CSIR, which then distributes the grants to each of the 39 labs under it. Now as per Article 68 of the Bye-laws, CSIR is required to maintain accounts and audits and present the same to Parliament on a yearly basis. This means that CSIR necessarily has to keep an account of all its 39 laboratories because it is the body disbursing funds to these laboratories. If CSIR was maintaining its accounts, there is no question of not knowing of any patent licensing deals entered into by its subsidiary labs. CSIR would therefore have to know about this information, especially when CSIR was able to tell us how much money was spent in securing patents for all its information. Why then does CSIR ask me to apply to each of the 39 laboratories?
And I now drift into my parallel universe …
“When pursuing this case, the famous human rights law firm Bindmans backed us and were willing to procure legal aid. Before they (the United Kingdom Legal Service Commission) granted us that aid, though, they checked that we needed the funds. They also checked if there was any merit in the case. Their estimate is a 50% to 60% chance,” says Quek.
“Love consists in this, that two solitudes protect and touch and greet each other.” Rainer Maria Rilke
My name is Teresa, and I live in Melbourne, Australia. I love Cardmaking and playing with paper, and I’m just delighted to join the talented team at CCAYR. The thought of having so many Christmas cards made during the year is extra exciting for me – I usually get no sleep for two or three nights trying to hurriedly finish them in mid December. I look forward to sharing some ideas with you throughout the year.
Yesterday was also the 5th anniversary for my new knee. I had a total knee replacement on my right knee on 26th February 2007 and that was the reason I started this blog, to keep a record of the progress I made, though I wasn't sure at the time if it would be the complete success it turned out to be. I thought at best I would be able to walk without pain, I didn't envisage that I would be going to the gym and Zumba classes, so you can imagine how ecstatic I am with the results of my surgery. You can read about it here if you're interested.
Matt McDermott (@MMMcDermott) of Renegade, the Renegade Agency Confessional and the Baltimore Sun stops by to talk smack about the educational system. Along the way he tells a few hoary stories about his own experience teaching English at a hard-up Baltimore school. Solutions: we discuss them. It ain’t easy. And how does this apply to advertising? EVERYTHING APPLIES TO ADVERTISING, LADIES AND GENTS.
I studied grammar in university. At first, terrified, I eyed that professor like he knew the weakest part of me. Soon though I was loving that class. Why? He taught us the basics, then he went deeper and in the depth of those lessons he dispelled our fear, our intimidation. He made it one big syntax sandbox.
To become a Hero, call (803) 540-1219 or e-mail Paula.Thayer@redcross.org. Click here to make a financial donation, call (803) 540-1241, or mail to the American Red Cross, PO Pox 91, Columbia, SC 29202.
Marburger, John H., Charles M. Vest, and Katharina Phillips. “Federal Research Funding.” Issues In Science & Technology 19.2 (2002): 5-11. Science Full Text Select (H.W. Wilson). Web. 31 Mar. 2012.
fund a church, synagogue or religious school in Saudi Arabia or any other
Want to attract more women to your advisory practice? Putting together a seminar on women and investing might just be the last thing you want to do.
Let me know how you get on.
I realise that there are plenty of brewers out there that don't bother with chilling the boiled wort and still make excellent beer but I won't be one of them.
