I ask you to view the video. It is quite amazing. I am completely in awe of this young girl’s performance on the piano. She exudes beauty and delivers hope to this heart of mine. There are millions of people who can play the piano extraordinarily, however, what is obviously different is the fact that this girl does not have the fingers on her right hand. With seemingly little effort, she plays a song and does it so regardless of what she ‘lacks.’
It was sunny and pleasant. Nice enough to kick off our shoes and go for a walk on the beach. We climbed on the rocks and poked around the tide pools. It's off season so the beach was gloriously empty. In a few weeks, the tourists and off-seasonals will start to descend upon the Jersey Shore. None of those clowns you see on TV are from New Jersey. They're all from Staten Island and Brooklyn. A lot us wish they'd stay there.
How many minutes of individual attention will they get? Have they been getting?
- Be prepared to explain yourself in simple terms. These aren’t privates that you can light up for asking “Why”? Remember: in a community there is no clear cut chain of command – everyone is valuable. Try putting yourself in their shoes – they aren’t subject matter experts and knowing why will let them asses the value of the effort.
Although a lot of people do not believe in angels, the truth is that these celestial creatures show up in each and every religion. There is no major dogma that doesn’t incorporate some mention of these heavenly creatures. Greek, Egyptian, and Roman mythology feature a myriad of winged beings. Pagan and Wicca groups are also prone to a belief in angels. Even particular agnostics and atheists believe in angels. Obviously this is evidence that angels do exist.
She can still hear the judge’s words, “90 days in the woman’s unit at the county jail”. She can still hear her lawyer telling her what a great plea bargain deal he got her. Great deal for whom, she thought, him? He gets paid and gets to go home to his wife. I’m the one going to jail.
What? Wait. The fifth line? The fucking fifth? Each entry into the Euro lottery costs 2 quid, right? So you lucky, lucky people spent at least ten quid on the lottery. While you were both on benefits.
It will save time.
There's something I should tell you now
Hello deep ocean fun!
Brooklyn, NY-- Heart of Brooklyn (HOB) is excited to announce a green new way to visit its cultural campus and Olmsted and Vaux designed Prospect Park: on the seat of one of the bicycles now available to rent at Grand Army Plaza thanks to Bike and Roll NYC’s arrival in Brooklyn! In partnership with Prospect Park Alliance, a Bike and Roll kiosk offering bicycle rentals for both adults and children will be on site just east of the Grand Army Plaza arch each Friday, Saturday and Sunday through September 26.
Another big step for me
This might be a surprise to you, but I’m taking the Rangers in a sweep. Why? Logic. The Tigers have a great offense, but the Rangers is better. I think they can scrape together a couple runs off Verlander, and I think Neftali Feliz will baffle Prince Fielder, Miguel Cabrera and company.
The first track of the story (the chapters called "Leader") was the cult leader contemplating the events right after the 1981 "Lake Motosu Incident", the violent gun battle that put the commune on the news. The lake incident was the turning point of the story, when Tamotsu was chosen and "baptized" as the Leader of Sakigake. The second track of the story, the "Tamotsu" chapters, was built on flashbacks detailing how the young Tamotsu founded and maintained an agricultural commune, including his increasing alienation from his friend, Prof. Ebisuno. This second track recounted the circumstances that led to the split of the commune into two factions and contained some heated dialogues and debates between Tamotsu and several of his colleagues who were increasingly becoming more radical in their views.
Humans, possessing an animal body, can have sex without communicating with each other. The exercise can go on and on, or repeat, without achieving an HEA, just as all animals do. Humans can go through the gymnastics of sexual intercourse without communicating. It even results in procreation! Or not.
But in feeling
Title of Activity: Painting
And I wondered if me not writing what I knew about meant that my writing "wasn't okay."
Unfortunately, and you can choose to believe this or not, the world we live in is not invincible. Decisions made over the last century have had their toll on our earth and things are changing. I'm beginning to wonder if I don't begin to live in my own self-imposed boundaries will I be forced to live in ones imposed by our earth? The bigger question for me is - am I willing to make a few, and lets be honest minimal, sacrifices now so that my daughter's biggest question is also "can I live without avocados?" rather than "can I live without clean water, unpolluted soil, or clear air?" - we of course all know the answer to both of those questions. It's the reason the Colorado River no longer reaches the ocean and why Georgians underwent panic when Lake Lanier's water levels dropped dangerously low a few years ago. We pipe in water from non-renewable aquifers
My skin is SO dry during the winter, and it is so aggravating (unless you just like to use your powder and see flakes and wrinkles more than you should). After consulting with my favorite skin guru, Joanna, she gave me a few skin solutions.
Happy Saturday everyone...I'm staying in my craft room for a while today. Colin is listening to football downstairs, Norwich v Arsenal. I am an Arsenal supporter and guess who Colin supports? Ho hummm. I will just listen out for any cheers or boos, really, anyone would think he scored the equalising goal himself, and I am sure I am not responsible for any of the Arsenal tackles!!!
One of the lumps – well, as I said, it was more like a little bobbly thing of soft flesh – has been growing on the side of my neck for a couple of years or so; the other has been growing, mini-mushroom-like, on the inside of my upper left leg like my body was trying to grow a second, more impressive penis (not difficult) beside the original one.
Fanny Hill was directed by Andrew Davies. Yes, Andrew Davies, my most favourite director. When you watch this series, you sort of wonder how he got from BBC’s 1995 adaptation of Pride and Prejudice to this: A Period Erotica. I watched Fanny Hill, a two part miniseries, because I was curious to see how Davies pulled off directing an adaptation of such an obscene book. I read this book, and let me tell you guys a little about it before getting into the review.
For today, I will take a clue from my Bible and its lack of worry. I will thank God for the vivid illustration of worry being ripped from my life. It has no place. For I have a heavenly Father who knows what I need and He cares for me.
"Hide not your talents, they for use were made. What's a sundial in the shade?"
To follow up on Amanda’s post few days ago, I’d like to share here so I can remember the things I love the most about the holidays this year.
At the end of the season 1, the hero, our therapist, decides finally to follow his heart, professing his love for a patient with whom the sexual tension has been palpable throughout the series. He visits her house, enters her bedroom and … has an anxiety attack on the edge of the bed. He begins to sweat uncontrollably and gasp for air. He flees.
Tuesday morning we woke up in Cozumel.
Now that's totally...weird, for 2 reasons at least...at first,
There is more than natural selection involved in the events on this earth. A person who has not know Jesus Christ, the only, unique Son of God, can’t understand the care motivation that true followers of Jesus has– to simply love fellow human beings because He has loved us. Jesus places in the heart on a believe the desire to reach out toothers but for no other purpose than because He loved me. That so goes against the grain of almost any culture you or I have been exposed to.
Bibliographic data: hardback, xcvi + 1454 pages. ISBN: 9781847037701. Rupture factor: substantial (would have been a lot less if the book were sold without all the statutes etc stuck into the back as appendices). Price: £295.Web page here.
Keeping in mind that some unschoolers' definition of "a day's drive" more resembles a trucker's idea of "a day's drive" than a typical family's, let me say from personal experience that spending a day in the car -- even a long day -- in order to hang out with unschoolers is more than worth it.
This is one of what Thomas Short (1724) called “the ten thousand chalybeats”, or iron-bearing springs, inhabiting the Yorkshire uplands — but he didn’t include this site in his huge survey. But it’s a beauty amongst chalybeates, as a visit here clearly shows! The well is one of two found on either side of the old building known as New Edge (as contrasted with Old Edge, a little further along the lane), and its waters trickle gently from the old stone trough.
I have a soft spot for Martha Stewart - I do, I really do... You've gotta give it to her, after all... She's single handedly paved the way for us girls to tap back into our inner homemaker - which is no mean feat when you think about it... Who would have thought, back in the 80s (when I was finishing school) that there could ever be room for a career built around the principles of homemaking - cooking, cleaning, decorating, flower arranging and gardening. For those of you of my vintage (!) - you'll remember well the rhetoric around what it meant to be a woman... The fashion said it all - big shoulders, sharp suits, structured briefcase in hand... In short, it meant, taking on the attributes of a man... To survive as a woman at that particular point in our history, it meant relinquishing all things that had defined womanhood to that date - the frivolous pursuits of homemaking being top of the list... I remember well, embracing the emancipation - I mean, cleaning the house! Really? Why oh why, I wondered, should women have to clean the house... And why, indeed, as I looked on at the women in my family, who seemed to slave away endlessly scrubbing for little appreciation in return... However, as I grew older, something different kicked in, a shift began to take shape... I got married. I bought a house... And all of a sudden, and seemingly out of the blue, I wanted to home make... I wanted to bake a cake, make a dinner, I wanted a clean house, to pot some plants, I wanted to have children younger than what was expected... I wanted all of things that I'd been told, were not okay, if you were a woman back in the 80s. I remember well, the inner wrangle that ensued... The trying to reconcile what I wanted to do, with what my generation was meant to do... And right about that time, enter Martha Stewart... Now, I have to state, that I've never really ascribed to Martha's way of doing things - I'm not a perfectionist... Nor am I a lover of cleaning... I don't like things exactly so.... And, I don't have endless funds to spend on redecorating the house and, or re landscaping the garden... But, that's not really the point of it all... For me, it was Martha, yes, Martha, that made it okay to settle in to home... To nurture it... To love it and to embrace some of the lessons that my foremothers had taught me... When Martha took the stage, the fashion changed and with that change, girls of my vintage were given a choice, and with that choice the permission to tend their homes if they so chose. I relished the change, actually, it was like a relief... In fact, I embraced the change so wholeheartedly that ultimately I shaped a career around all things home... And, of course, I'm not alone... There are women out there everywhere who are shaping their working lives around the pursuit of home making and creativity at large... There are crafters, designers, decorators - there cupcake bakers, and gardeners... And for that, I tip my hat and say Thank you Martha...
Some of you may not know this, but at least in California (and probably in most states) it is completely legal for a physician to not accept the same insurance as the hospital with which s/he is affiliated because s/he does not work for the hospital. So in my case, the hospital takes every insurance plan under the sun. The physician works for the hospital. Let’s be clear about this. This doctor maintains offices on hospital property. Everything about him is hospital related. He is listed on the hospital’s website as one of their specialists. If you were looking at his page, and wanted to make an appointment, or check the insurance accepted, you could find all of that on the hospital’s website, but none of it is true. I had to dig through the FAQs before I found the little asterisk explaining that physicians may have different insurance contracts since they are not hospital employees.
“Down In My Heart (I’ve Got the Joy)” by George Willis Cooke, pub.: Unknown, Copyright: Public Domain
So, today, I honor the Blank Page and those brave souls that venture out into it with me–often without a safety net. I’ll see you when you get back and we’ll swap stories, because that’s what it’s all about isn’t it…
What is the story behind Aquibird?
For the past two decades, publishers have allowed wholesalers, distributors and retailers to dictate the terms of their own industry, from pricing agreements, wholesale discounts of 50% and a ludicrous returns policy that should only exist in the industry of fresh food manufacturing and supply. At heart, from top to bottom, the industry needs to learn how to properly and fairly regulate itself and think beyond its own imposed confines.
We are ready for spring or whatever it is coming our way.
This weekend I made my debut at the races.....
I always wanted that myself
Connecting with other writers is a fantastic way to stay inspired, keep your writing fresh, learn more about writing, and to build your platform. Gone are the days of the reclusive writer, and I say good riddance! It had romantic appeal back when I was a kid, dreaming of hiding out in a cabin, writing away my days with no one to bother me. But as an adult I look back at that fantasy and realize you can’t learn much all hidden away by yourself. And I love to keep learning!
get it that tragedies happen. But weighing the risks, I am not sure I
But it left me feeling…off. I didn’t notice anything incorrect in the show’s coverage (besides totally missing Grand Rapids, a metro area of a million-ish people), and they did a fine job showcasing the natural beauty of Michigan’s coastlines, inland lakes and the Mackinac Bridge and Island. Unlike most of the complaints found on the episode’s website, I wasn’t upset by the disproportionate coverage of Detroit to the rest of the state, so much as what was shown of the area. Yes, the decline of the automotive industry is an engaging story; yes, there are a lot of sadly vacant facilities there at which to ogle. But telling the story of how those buildings came into such disrepair without even touching on what’s happening now – the next chapter in the story – seemed downright unfair.
We did not plan any time to linger in the city, which I regretted as soon as we arrived. We were in a rush to get our rental car and start for our next destination (and I didn’t take any photos, regrettably), but I would have enjoyed an hour or two having lunch and walking around the center city. Amsterdam was gone in a hello and goodbye flash, and that was that.
Dickens' folks are being pressed hard by Dickens' plot (which is what plots are for, if you were wondering) and are revealing themselves as pretty much normal humans (which is what literature is for, if you were wondering), which means that things are getting bad for some characters, and other characters are plotting to make things worse. Just like real life, hey?
Looking around at the dry, barren, arid scrub that is all over the Northern Territory it is hard to imagine that you will find ANYTHING of interest in this place. Then out of nowhere you will find something so spectacularly beautiful you are completely astounded and gobsmacked.
but I awoke the next morning to the aroma of fresh coffee and bacon frying.
Drama Mama wasn't too far behind. She got matching pair of shoes in a size 6W women's size!
Indian Actress
On the TV and the radio
Add the flour and salt and mix everything.
The bit of work will be forgotten in no time, the odd hours are usual. Even figuring out how to actually make it to the doctor or dentist can cause me to need to shift and contort my wanted, needed sometimes, sleep cycles. It was good to actually put a meal together within a timed situation. Like any other task that most people do for a living. I hope, even if it can be a pain when a dozen of their projects are timed, that they can slow down once in a while and appreciate that ability to get it done.
Feel free to welcome me back and I will try not to stray far again.
Trace your heart using a disappearing or washable fabric marker. Make sure you trace BEFORE you stretch your fabric onto the hoop.
Birth has never been safer, for mother or baby, than it is in this country today. As rates of caseareans increase, and rates of complications related to placental implantation increase, new life-threatening risks will arise for those women. The midwife's challenge, to work in harmony with natural physiological processes, is as real and as important today as it has ever been.
Oh Tommy, some love ya and some hate ya. It's not your fault. I think I know the reason why.
But not young either
And on the back of this – don't laugh – I want to mention gardening. If it makes you think of something dull and worthy carried out by your ageing grandparents – well, I understand. But it occurs to me that although the organic movement is growing hugely, as is the 'local food' movement in GB, the power of this is still largely untrumpeted and overlooked in the mainstream. The growing of your own food, and the personal health benefits plus the low-carbon-impact aspect, plus the omission of the use of pesticides and herbicides is an exponentially big move towards taking power away from the supermarkets and multinationals (and makes a difference to the planet). Determining what you put in your own mouth – and not exploiting others to do it – is an empowered and empowering act.
Maybe it is because this generation practice games were the victory depends a lot on tricking your opponent into conceding things you know will hurt them in order to benefit yourself and they call it negotiations.
According to the Observer, in Free Ride, Former Billboard magazine editor Robert Levine argues that the worldwide web took the content industries by surprise and in the ensuing melee it was the technology companies who were far more adept at exploiting the confusion and lobbying for favourable laws such as the DCMA. Levine argues that these legislative changes, coupled with academic and other social comment from 'internet gurus', promoted a new environment that was toxic to the content industries, saying "for media companies, getting advice from technology pundits was like letting the fox lead a strategic management retreat in the henhouse".
My ill-communicated point is there are some universal experiences and lessons we all take away from the haze of miss-spent youth. There’s also one universal teacher each of us fell back on at one point or another. Television. And to each generation a program is born that comes to define what we expect from our school days.
My #1 pet peeve. Good is an adjective. Therefore, it describes nouns. Well is an adverb, and those words describe verbs. For instance, GOOD JOB is the describing the job that was good. YOU DID THE JOB WELL is describing the process of the job being done.
5. The Hamilton Mausoleum in South Lanarckshire has the longest echo of any man-made structure in the world; a whole 15 seconds.
“Do you know why Mommy is ticked off at you?”
Are we a country full of Perverts? Is Women safe in our country? I should not generalize but with what’s happening around everyday it’s really tough not to. Is something wrong with our social system, because it’s not a rare situation? Read the newspaper, it’s full of how sick we are. Reading such news makes me ashamed to be a part of the so-called the most advance species in the planet ‘human being’, it’s even more embarrassing to be living in such a country.
Try quality of life fee as well sample clauses below (payable by the beneficiary of the receipient of the contract) :
"How about 50?"
As it happens, the con does attract a rather respectable contingent of media guests each year, and 2012 is no exception. Receiving top billing for this year’s show is Admiral Adama himself, the incomparable Edward James Olmos. I had a chance to meet Mr. Olmos at Shore Leave a couple of years ago, and the man is a true class act. He’ll be joined by Billy Dee Williams, Gil Gerard, Erin Gray AND Felix Silla from Buck Rogers in the 25th Century, Jake Lloyd and Adrienne Wilkinson of Star Wars fame, Amy Okuda and Robin Thorsen from The Guild, and KC native Blair Butler from G4TV’s Attack of the Show. Check out the full guest details at the con’s website.
Now that this one is finished....I need to do something a little different. Love the beaches...but may take a short break from them. Hmmm....we'll see.
I'll try to be more cheerful tomorrow... today has been long and tiring. We had a thunderstorm come through a little after 4 this morning that woke me up early and work was really busy.
Word-bound and tongue tided,
The man also did small yard work and repairs jobs when he had a chance, I felt sorry for him since I am in a similar situation & I know what it is like, and so I decided to pay him to pull me somewhere on his wooden board taxi even though I had my automobile there with me; but first I wanted to go see Mrs. Murphy practicing for her concert.
A) The proposal offers no real action, just feel-good statements about "raising awareness"
Then paste that into your post editor, making sure that it’s located on its own line all by itself. You’ll end up with something like this when you view your post:
She insisted. He told her to leave. A few more sharp words and before anyone could stop it, the couple were divorced.
Tell me do you know?
Wait, wait, somewhere in the back of your mind, you remember it. You. You did it. You are to blame.
The sirens were faintly heard in the fatal street by the time Karan had driven two kilometres away from the crime-scene, with a gaping Jeremy beside him.
“Have you been making him work extra hard?” the manager shook his head.
If you're into deeply statsifying mysteries with unique and fearless leads then Slide is for you. If you like contemporaries, I think you could get into this one too because Slide balances something a little supernatural with the realistic world perfectly. Basically, if you like to read, I suggest Slide to you. I really don't think it's going to disappoint!
Lip Service: And it's back. Like Sherlock, BBC3 decided that waiting nearly a year and a half for the second series of the Scottish drama was a great idea. On the plus side, this was a solid opening episode. I'm not keen on the Frankie/Cat/Sam triangle and I still don't like Jay as a character but overall, the episode was good. Tess's love life with the football fan Finn and her new co-stars (including bitchy Nora) are amusing and Lexy seems like she's going to be a good addition to the series, so welcome back ladies.
"Nothing to undo," huh? It's a hard pill to swallow in this culture. Or maybe any culture. In general, it's difficult to look back on your life at the most painful, embarrassing, or lonely chapters, and say: "Yes, I'd keep those too."
Although these letterforms are based on the carvings from the Roman era, the Romans did not utilize certain letters which are in common use today. There was no J, U or W.
The flight attendants aren't the pilots, are they?
“Ah,” I said. This acknowledged the statement without inviting its own response. This always seems like a good approach, and it never works. What I’d like to convey is “please stop talking to me”, but I’ve found that I can’t say that. Not because it’s rude, but because it actually extends the conversation as I’m then expected to explain in detail why I don’t won’t to talk to the person. So, “ah”.
Or catch'd wi warlocks i' the mirk (Dark),
That I would commit my life to you
34. Most intimidating book you’re too nervous to begin?
Anyhow we chowed on the food and our host poured me generous amounts of aquavit, which, luckily I also like. I generally tend to like any herb liquor...ramazotti, aquavit, slivovice, schnapps,etc. You are supposed to drink aquavit with most traditional Norwegian meals, as the food is fairly heavy and can be greasy, so the liquor is supposed to cut the grease and help your tummy along. In the old days it also protected against food poisoning by killing any bad germs. The Aquavit went down easily, as did the wine and the beer.
US President Barack Obama salutes as he arrives to address troops during a visit to Bagram Air Field on May 1, 2012 in Afghanistan. Obama signed a US-Afghanistan strategic partnership agreement during his unannounced visit to the country.
She finds a new spot, starts again—and is discovered by little girls. Then by their mother, who takes her picture and drops a loonie (a Canadian dollar coin) before moving on. The dejected drifter finally discovers other hoopers twirling together on a rocky outgrowth. Beaming, she joins them.
FIRST PRODUCTION
My excuse is that I’ve been out of the classroom (except for the workshops I give at conferences etc.) for a good ten-plus years.
In what is being regaled as the event of the year, or at the very least the zenith of this week's activities, today is the official 22nd Birthday of one Mr. Matteo "Ugly American" Yazge. Rumors abound as to the exact specifics of the day's festivities. While we can't 100% confirm the truthfulness of these rumors, we can spread them like wildfire, because honestly as far as trustworthiness is concerned, rumors are good enough for us. Here are some of the things we've heard through the grapevine that could definitely maybe be a part of this blow-out celebration:
Jillian's list:
I'd been learning
Desperate birds
One little girl, however, had an absolute ABUNDANCE of ideas,
Christina’s Team: Lindsey, Ashley and Chris.
Iona was surprised when she felt a warm weight slide over her shoulders. She looked up through her tears to see a handsome man leaning over her. It was his jacket that she found herself wrapped in. He was tall and slender, dressed in a clean white shirt. His blue eyes looked down on her, his eyebrows furrowed together in concern. “Are you alright, Miss?” came the question from his lips.
and you will not believe this
Rose Garden, Paul Klee, 1920.
Traps, cages, and snares on high became the darkness save the few dabs of light from the cleaning crews and oil burners remaining up there, trying to get ahead. With scant exception though, the action was at street level now. The huge structures that ruled the daylight now stood as gray or up-lit sentinels – reminders that soon enough, it would be their time again. Perhaps against their will they offered some comfort, tall obelisks verifying tomorrow’s promise of more todays, looming or floating gently above, depending on whether or not one could see their intersection with the sidewalks.
Pack 5: Cadillac Williams, Braylon Edwards, Marques Colston, CJ Spiller RC
Amongst the vending machines and year-old magazines in a place where we only say goodbye
The rest of the festivities include clubbing at Bizzart tomorrow (like every Thursday), clubbing at 21 Sound Bar near Bastille on Friday, and Saturday is La Nuit Blanche in Paris!! Good times.
When in eternal lines deeply scratched on a tree:
227Then conscience sleeps, and leaving nature free,
From my window I am looking at a pearly grey sky. The colour grey appeals to me, or perhaps I should say the full spectrum of grays, from pearly pigeon-breast grey to ashy or granite grey to weathered cedar-plank grey. I love a leaden pewter sky. I delight in a cloudy, foggy, or mist-ridden morning. I am reminded that after all, winter’s monochrome has its own beauty.
After that she had me sit in the chair for a few hours. Apparently I was supposed to have done that the day before, but due to the dizzy spells didn't want to risk it. Around seven I got back in bed and tried to get some more sleep. Dr. Haney came and talked to me for almost an hour around 8am to make sure I didn't have any more questions. We talked a bit about the sad state of treatment for second trimester losses. Chris made it back to the hospital around 9:30 (after leaving an hour earlier... Chicago traffic!), just in time to miss both Dr. Haney and a crying jag, after I'd asked twice for more pain pills and over an hour later they still hadn't arrived. That was the only real failing of the hospital, and the nurse apologized profusely when she finally showed up. I had some breakfast - about one bite of sausage and one bite of French toast - I just wasn't hungry at all. I was able to keep that down, so they decided I was okay to be discharged. They removed the IV cap, I changed into my street clothes, got one last dose of Percocet, and waited for the transporter to arrive to wheel us out to the car. I was still feeling the incision from puking, and was still dizzy and feeling slightly nauseous. However, as you can tell from the picture, I felt a lot better.
Row 20: repeat row 2
A handful of peanuts or sunflower seeds
And then I started reading the book. It was SOOOOOO good, I'm still trying to think of anything I can compare it to. I almost cried a couple of times, just because Wendy totally hit the right spot.
We got a visit yesterday from one of the self-appointed family historians, who came to consult the photographs and papers we inherited from the Bikers' father, the Playboy of the Western World. In passing he mentioned that what we'd thought was the original family homestead was instead the second one. The actual factual first homestead was only a short distance away, and the two cabins that those early Bikers had hammered together from cedar logs, sawpit baulks and hand-whittled pegs are still there and still inhabited. They've been remodelled over the years of course, but the original structure is still clearly visible.
I have to continuously ask myself whether I’m actually attracted, superficially drawn, slightly amused, or completely delusional. This is funny because I wouldn’t really call myself confused because I’m not problematically head over heels although there is a nagging sense of interest that I wish I didn’t feel.
Cascade (4.5%) – I started off with this one as it was the weakest and because of its name; my favourite hop. It was pleasant, light and pale, but not as ‘cascadey’ as I had hoped.
Fast forward sixteen years. Our cross country road trip has long passed but it culminated in a visit to Elvis’ home in Memphis, Tennessee.. the one and only Graceland. I remember reading about Elvis’ home and all of the wonderful things inside, wondering if I would ever get to see it for myself. Years passed and the Barbie doll got put away, the trading cards were probably sold at a garage sale along with the movies. But whenever I would hear one of his songs, I’d laugh to myself as I remember my eight year old self belting lyrics and finishing with a bow and “Thank you, thank you very much.” Our visit to Graceland was the last major stop on the roadtrip, as we had to get back home in just under a week from Oregon.
The previous large Three Floyds event - their 15th anniversary party - wasn't without its problems; on the inside things went smoothly, but there were some folks who didn't make their way through the gates until much later than they had expected. But despite what some folks might believe, the 3F staff does pay attention, and they do work hard at making their events as good as possible.
without identification,
Produced by David Kahne (Paul McCartney, Regina Spektor, Sublime), Shattered features songs from Matisyahu’s forthcoming album recorded and mixed in Jamaica, New York, Los Angeles and Virginia. Several guest artists contribute to the four-song EP: ground-breaking Jamaican reggae rhythm section Sly & Robbie (drums and bass, “Two Child One Drop” and “I Will Be Light”) Stephen McGregor (co-producer, keyboards, drum-programming, “Smash Lies”) son of legendary reggae artist Freddie McGregor and among Jamaica’s youngest and most innovative young producers, Fish (drums, “So Hi So Lo”) and Norwood Fisher (bass, “So Hi So Lo”) of the legendary L.A. alt-punk-ska band Fishbone and experimental turntablist Ooah from the Glitch Mob (co-producer, co-writer, drum programming on “Two Child One Drop”).
I do not believe in censorship but the cultural minister, as a woman and a person who is supposed to support the enrichment of humanity through the arts, should be ashamed of her behavior. Her job demanded that she not take the knife, that she not slice the chocolate woman and say, "Wait, this is wrong." Or "What is he trying to tell us?"
Cuban government disagreed, charging Gross with smuggling an illegal
In addition to a battle theme, I am also opening up voting to determine the structure of the judging. Last year we had a two round judging process, and the year before was one round of judging.
There’s no way I can write about everything that makes my mom great, but on this day, I want to say: Happy Mother’s Day, Mom. Wish I could be there to hug you and smell your newest perfume.
It’s time now to move on.
When you buy direct from the farmer, you are re-establishing a time-honored connection between the eater and the grower. Knowing the farmers gives you insight into the seasons, the weather, and the miracle of raising food. In many cases, it gives you access to a farm where your children and grandchildren can go to learn about nature and agriculture. Relationships built on understanding and trust can thrive.
Mma Followers Price
I learnt to use a chainsaw. Fortunately this was after the month at Hawthornden. I can't decide which I find more scary: sawing the wood myself or supporting the wood on the sawbench as someone else welds the machine. I can't rid myself (when the machine first starts) of visions of deep thigh cuts or the saw kicking back to slice my head in half.
In my friendships I'm trying to get better, and I think they are all good, wonderful people who love me, and I love them. I want to be able to show them that I care about them, and I want to be certain they really care about me also. I'm learning not to focus on myself so much, and to allow them to share themselves with me, and not make it about me in the process. THAT is a big admission! I made that admission FOREVER ago. It is what it is, and I am who I am. I KNOW me, can many people say that?
Healthy Holidays
Their ducklings are safe and happy,
I do have a few pictures, taken some years ago of her and me doing what we did best. Jumping.
I was surprised to discover that the Panama hat doesn't hail from Panama at all. At least, not directly. The hat is actually woven by artisans in Ecuador who take up to 4 months to tightly weave one high-quality Panama. The accidental name was adopted in the 19th century, from the hat's delivery to the Isthmus of Panama. From this port, the eponymous hat would complete its journey to Asia, Europe, and the rest of the Americas, eventually finding itself atop fashionable heads in distant lands.
business in Benue is relatively
Oregano 4.26. 12
To: GRIFFIN Nick; BNP North West
I also have an old Arp Axxe synth. I use it strictly for recording, I don't think I ever brought it to a show. It's pretty awesome. I got it from a guy who was about to throw it away at the Amherst Dump. It's a classic old analog synthesizer and it's mine.
So, why did I dislike this book so much?
This game is a great way to practice counting, number recognition, 1:1 correspondence and work on fine motor skills in a fun way. As we were playing Juliette began to recognize the amount of dots on the die and was able to just tell us the number without counting.
If you are not going to demolish the toilet then I suggest that you put up powerful spot-lights on high pole so the homeless cannot hide and sleep in the bushes.
What do you do with the time that you must spend waiting? Some people tap their foot and wrinkle their brow and become increasingly disgruntled. You know the pattern…they start mumbling about how slow this is and how much of a hurry they are in. They become rude to the people who are doing their best to serve them. God forbid they have to wait.
96) I love horses, and used to go over to my friend's grandparents' house every day to take care of their ponies, cows, chickens, and goats. I used to try to convince my parents to turn the garage into a stable so I could have a horse. I can milk cows and goats, candle eggs, trim hoofs, and do all that farm-type stuff. All of this in spite of being allergic to hay, and breaking out in large welty hives every time I touched it.
Unfortunately, I don't think they give tours of the fire department to people my age. I suppose I could always drive out to the city landfill. Ponder what might have been.
According to the 'believers' the CO2 in air has risen from .034% to .038% in air over the last 50 years.
The ex-serviceman, who was wearing a poppy, was attacked on November 1 but police have only just released information about the incident.
The “Do you know someone who needs to be blessed?”, a pay it forward style promotion, has three simple rules:
17. i rarely think of myself as a grown up. i used to think i'd start feeling grown up when i turned 30, then when that didn't happen i started thinking maybe at 40...now that i'm getting closer to 40, i'm thinking that i will probably always feel like a kid.
Trying to sleep in momma's spot in bed (head on pillow & all)
- North Country Cheddar
We will then choose 1 winner from the comments left on each of the DTs blogs and check that you have hopped to them all and finally linked back here.
Sharon Dane details research findings on the types of relationship recognition actually preferred by same-sex attracted people across Australia.
You see, she had arrived with her family in a covered wagon in that small town almost 100 years ago. All her life she lived in the home her family built there. And when she died, it was in her own bed in that same near-century-old home.
I was not able to capture the hurt
“A powerful and dangerous late-spring storm system will develop across the central and southern Plains today as an upper level system and a parade of supporting upper level disturbances advance out of the Intermountain West. The result will be strengthening low pressure over Kansas by this afternoon and evening that will then move slowly but steadily eastward toward Missouri by later Wednesday. The storm system will be accompanied by a classic dryline signature across the southern Plains with a strong frontal zone that will stretch across the Midwest and well to the East into the Northeast.” National Weather Service (NWS) reported.
You have the wronged minority and there is a huge bonus in that he is underage.
On another wall hang a wide range of magazine and news periodical’s front covers featuring Island acts. This, very sadly, demonstrates that Island’s own archive must be in terrible shape – for why..? Well, because there are so many of true importance that are quite simply missing.
the most accurately transmitted most
I have to agree with what they said on Towleroad, and in my opinion, most of my Gay friends from high school would still be alive today if we would have had talks like this when we were Kurt’s age. AIDS was just a baby when I graduated from high school, but in its infancy, it took out a great number of my friends, something that leaves a very black and empty hole in my soul to this day, some thirty years later. Had we had this kind of talk and this kind of unconditional support from even a school counselor, the decimation that took place in the mid-eighties may have never happened. We came out in an era of new found freedom and awakening sexuality. This freedom and sexuality, while exciting and new at the time, had a price, the price of a panel full of friends that graduated with me in the 80’s on the Names Project AIDS quilt.
You can't find many places that sell these bottles, they say. We visited one pub that does, but allegedly you have to take your empties back if you want some more, meaning it's very difficult to get onto the Bathams ladder in the first place.
If a family member is pregnant: How does your extended family prepare for a new baby? What are the most important gifts to give the mom-to-be? How can you help the mom-to-be?
Ah, yes. The bungalow in Irvington (suburb of Indianapolis). Bedroom. Bare bedroom light fixture right over my head. Why does this make me smile? (And it does!) All the light fixtures in the house allowed two light bulbs. However, all the light fixtures in the house only lit one of them. There was no point in putting in a second light bulb.
These new shirts - the Boston Store was having its Goodwill sale, but SH didn't manage to get to it, so I took in the donations, got the coupons, and picked out four shirts I thought he might like that I definitely liked. They met the shirt rules as far as I understood them: not made in China, cotton or mostly cotton, no big logos, and blue. Except for one peach polo. I think he would look good in peach. We are awash in blue, which looks really good on him, but sometimes, one wants a change.
- My wife says: OK I suppose.
Some people might call this the "painting with light" technique. I'm not a fan of the term, because it makes me think of Thomas Kinkade "painter of light." No offense if you're a fan of his (obviously a lot of people are or he wouldn't have stores in your local mall), but those cottages of his always have such intense light emanating from the windows that I can't help but think I am witnessing either an alien abduction or a terrible fire.
The social aspect of milonga is fascinating. It holds anticipation, surprise, heavenly music, moments of contact and separation. The challenge and satisfaction of rhythmically moving in unison with another person is what lures us to Tango. The experience is both physical and surreal. In three minutes of a song, you can experience a rollercoaster of emotions, but you will not experience them alone. For those three minutes there will be a person embracing you, sharing what they are feeling with you… all without a single word being spoken… pure, raw emotions expressed through motion.”
I sold off some of my stuff in the flea market. Not as much as I would have liked, but I have no room to complain. Got rid of a few last bits of painted fantasy figures, as well as both painted and unpainted historicals. The most popular painted stuff -- by a long shot -- were the ancient Spanish. I would have never thought that, but I suppose there are always Romans, Celts, and similarly popular figures for sale.
Well, this morning as I came in the building carrying the 15 tablecloths I washed from the Thanksgiving Fest Event, just about every other person I passed greeted me by name, before I was even able to put my name tag on! Now I know what it feels like to once again be connected to my church community. It has been a long six years without that connection and I'm so grateful to have it in my life again.
That is not supposed to be in this story, you have to think about setting, setting is key, time is important,, so I guess time is key. There goes a phrase; you can quote me on that by the way. So on with the story of the Irish man who fell in love.
One of the Colombian escorts embattled in the Secret Service scandal in Cartagena broke her silence today and spilled some sordid details of the night several of President Obama’s men became embroiled with scandal.
SU Ink-Black
I'm struggling a little with the parameters of time while living by myself (although the pug's constant harassment for food means I can never fall too far off balance. I go to sleep too late, wake up untethered and not knowing whether I really have slept at all. I suspect I may be nocturnal and merely participating in this "let's all be awake during daylight" merely out of habit.
Thank you for stopping by again, and happy crafting!
We had a few issues with our class there this year. The class was too big, and there were several problem students that caused a lot of disruption and wasted instruction time. I'm not usually one to complain, but I did. The artistic director and the business director were wonderful to talk to. They agreed that my girls should have gotten moved to a class with serious, not recreational "my mom is just making me and I don't care" students. To make up for lost instruction, the artistic director will be giving them a private lesson in a few weeks to assess exactly where they are and what they know and then we have been offered free summer session ballet to catch up their foundational skills. I'm so glad I said something!
Adamson was perplexed. He didn’t recall ever having told the youngsters anything much of value.
Are you asleep yet?!!
Finish off.
Able to view the world awry,
Oh, how I love vintage Better Homes and Gardens magazines.
22.What is your most treasured possession?
It Take Leadership to Create The Future in an International City
Here are the layouts (click on any photo to see it larger and in more detail). I've shared the details of the class, the kits, and how to participate after the photos. If you are not familiar with my Play Group classes, scroll down the left side of my blog until you find the section called "Play Group Information" and read away! Enjoy!
About a million of those babies die shortly after birth, and countless others suffer severe, life-long physical disorders like cerebral palsy and blindness, as well as learning disabilities, the report states.
Banks Mansion Amsterdam is an excellent accommodation option. It is located on Herengracht Canal, which is a lovely backdrop for most of the hotel’s rooms. Or for a more quirky, yet charming, accommodation, try Misc eatdrinksleep. It is a small six-room hotel in a modernized 17th-century townhouse overlooking the canal near Nieuwmarkt Square with a private garden in the back. Each room has a king bed and features a different theme for the lovely room décor. Stay at the Hotel Okura Amsterdam if you need to be near the RAI Convention Center. Situated on Amstel Canal, Hotel Okura features a business lounge, conference rooms, four restaurants, two bars, a culinary center (if you’d like a cooking lesson with a professional chef), a fitness center, swimming pool and a parking lot.
Department of Pharmacology, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, India.
John 1:12-13 (NIV)
from the desire of being approved,
In addition to exploring Brooklyn’s evolving history, the exhibit looked at Brooklyn’s image and how it’s been reflected in the media. Acknowledging the borough’s most iconic elements, such as Brooklyn Bridge, Coney Island and the Dodgers, the students also chose to display movie posters of films shot in the borough, such as Moonstruck, It Happened in Brooklyn and Saturday Night Fever. There was also a video montage of movies and TV shows that depict the borough, as well as life-size cardboard cutouts of the characters Ralph Cramden and Ed Norton from the popular 1950s TV series, “The Honeymooners,” which was set in Bensonhurst.
The trickiest part is to pick a refrain that will expand to fill the entire scope of your poem. It can change meanings or punctuation, but the first half of that first line must summon all the feeling succinctly. The 15th century writers of these rondeaux dealt with this problem in a novel (for the time) manner; instead of writing these lovely and complex poems about lofty subjects, they began to explore darker themes. Francois Villon wrote one named "Death I Appeal" in a strikingly different format:
Simply be yourself because someone else is taken
2 instinctively
Pre-Registration is now officially closed. Congratulations to those lucky individuals who managed to send in their pre-registration late last night. I applaud you and it warms my heart to see those payment notification messages in my email inbox. ^-^
For 3~Blog about this giveaway and leave me a comment letting me know.
The parish church is dedicated to St Mary the Virgin and was consecrated about the year 1050. It is thought that it was built on the site of an even earlier Christian meeting place marked by a standing cross, a fragment of which is under the church pulpit. St Mary’s has the tallest Saxon tower in the Tyne Valley. The building has three distinct architectural styles - a Saxon tower, a Norman doorway and early English Nave and Chancel. The registers date from 1679. Part of the former vicarage, located to the south of the church, dates from around 1378.
I vowed then to never use a TA again. You just never know when they will be out of the office and unable to make a call for you.
Good Luck everyone and we look forward to seeing what you all save this week in the Recycle It challenge.
As was foreshadowed above, the sample used in this study was obtained by administering a questionnaire to the Introduction to Sociology class at the University of NSW. Aside from the moralism and attitude to morality scales, the questionnaire also contained the attitude to Apartheid and social desirability scales as before. The scales occurred in the questionnaire in the order in which they were given above -- i.e. with moralism coming first. Analysable results were obtained from 117 respondents.
I think she’s right. What’s unquestionably certain for me, however, is that when I began looking for the lesson in life’s experiences, my reactions toward life, particularly the tougher parts, took a dramatic turn for the better. I’m not suggesting you and I should lay down and just let life roll over us. And neither am I suggesting you gloss over evil and injustice as if it’s necessary for the service of some grander purpose. I’m only suggesting that you join me in the practice of acceptance. We are taught to resist what is. Discontent is the ego’s twin sister. Learning the art of acceptance, however, is a learned skill. And inner peace is its reward.
“What is going on here? I work as a contractor for a bank in Medan. I’ll probably be sacked for not coming in to work for a week,” said the man, who asked to remain anonymous.
Trying to get my school mentor to approve my retaking of my final exam was a nightmare, I actually ended up calling the school and requesting a new mentor, I am extremely frustrated with mine. I got to a point of frustration that I sent her an email stating that perhaps I was the only “stupid” student she had that has failed an assessment and perhaps that is why she couldn’t hit the button that says “approved to retake” which is what I was told by the school needed to be done. This wasn’t my only frustrating experience with her, so I felt good about requesting a new one, just hope it gets put in place before my weekly phone appointment with the mentor. My other issue with her was when she decided to “preach” to me when I was going through a difficult time during the anniversary of my mom’s death and also when a dear friend had been diagnosed with a brain tumor. It was a rough patch. Having someone preach to me about where my faith was and telling me where to turn to in times of trouble was not something I would think was professional from a school mentor. REALLY threw me off and I felt it was really not appropriate. To her I am just a number, she doesn’t know much about my life. I am required as part of this school to talk to the mentor once a week (soon to be once every two weeks). It helps in holding the students accountable and on track which is a good thing as long as you like and respect your mentor. The person I spoke with in the student services office was extremely nice and helpful and even calmed me down as I started to cry in frustration. I sent her a email thanking her for her professionalism and for helping me to believe that WGU is still a good fit and that requesting a new mentor was not a big deal and she would get me another one.
A three-finger, ecru collar of foam sat on top from a moderate pour, ultimately resting at about an inch while the beer warmed. When held to light, the beer had a deep, hazy ruby tone that was quite appealing. The nose gave way to dark fruit, mainly fig, that resembled an Old Ale, and I'm wondering how the aging has affected the bouquet. Holiday spice and a yeasty aroma buttress a detectable boozy scent, covering a soft, sweet malt presence.
Oh look, more mid-week chilled out use of leopard print. I'm now starting to appreciate that whenever I moaned at home about having 'no clothes to wear', I was lying. When I packed for America, I managed to keep it pretty minimal in the clothes department and now my lack of variety is driving me slightly crazy. As much as I would love to throw money at clothes, it seems silly to when I could use that money for trips during my time here. Last weekend I went to Chicago to meet up with my friend Nanon (26 hours on a Greyhound from Massachusetts, rururu!) and after Spring Break I'll be visiting a couple of my other best friends who are studying out in California. So I'm hoping that between San Francisco and Santa Cruz I can find some dirt-cheap thrift to supplement what I have at the moment.
My heroines? A half-dragon fire mage, an assassin nun, a selkie/single mother, and a dream faerie.
One may construe the document as follows: during the crisis over Czechoslovakia our French or English comrades should have demanded the military intervention of their own bourgeoisie, and thereby assumed responsibility for the war – not for war in general, and of course not for a revolutionary war, but for the given imperialist war...
Take back some time by remembering the past with a time inspired theme."
"Rule 2: Be Realistic...
1. The street rate was Z$200 to 1. The interbank rate was slightly higher and
The second issue of Pardons (i.e. indulgences) is a concept and dilemma that I talked about in a previous article here. I won't rehash that discussion again.
There were people demonstrating in front of the event with banners that read “Tibet is a part of China. No to seperation.” He said it was good for them to be there, they were enjoying Canada’s freedom of speech, something we sometimes take for granted.
St. John's is unlike any other place. It is a port city first of all, which feeds my need for variety and change and an ocean view. It is incredibly beautiful, set among cliffs and around a sheltered harbour with the ghostly spectre that is Cabot Tower floating in the distance on a foggy night and the incredible majesty that is the Basilica punctuating the skyline and claiming it for her own.
This week while I am prepping the Butternuts, I will also do a little baking for the upcoming holiday. My family has much to be thankful for this Thanksgiving!
‘He was not armed and wasn’t about to kill himself, they should not have tasered him.’ They didn’t want to, clearly! They have no choice, if they were to prevent him hurting himself, or further injuring them:
I've got even one more keg open because I got impatient. My last version of White Oak Porter was overpoweringly wood flavored. I know that I could blend it or wait on it until that flavor smoothed out or diminished, but I'd rather not wait or work on it. Chalk it up to experience. Dumping a 5 gal batch sears in the lesson: Don't leave a beer on oak for too long (without really planning on it). A Porter doesn't have strong enough flavors to compete with strong oak flavors.
Well, I must admit you can't see too many spots on my card....lol, I swear they were there hehe , but by the time I had it finished, embellished and all, most of them had been gone:)). Still, it's another Easter card, perfect occasion for me to eventually color this sweet Sydney on Easter, isn't she adorable? If you look more closely, you could notice some spots on the basket bow too:)
Counting down...
We decided the bar was a better alternative, and continued our day drinking at Northside.
And, now, you know the vicious backstory. I hope you watch the game, and enjoy it, if you're into that sort of thing. Really, I wouldn't blame you for choosing John Brown's side over Quantrill's, but I promise you, the pro-vs-anti-slavery issue isn't a thing anymore. (If anything, you can think of Kansas's new infamy, and root against them as the "Anti-Evolutionist State.")
“We haven’t decided yet on when he will enlist. He will be focusing on his acting in the time being.”
Secondly, it was amazing simply because it’s acupuncture and my body loves acupuncture and yeah.
Heat a corn tortilla for 12 seconds wrapped in a paper towel. Dip tortilla in tomatillo sauce. Arrange red onions and a blend of shredded cheddar and jack cheese in the center of the tortilla in a line. Roll tightly and lay seam side down in the casserole dish.
half cup of sea salt
I suspect that the "Giorgio Beverly Hills" label is not original (the sewing is not very good), but surprisingly, I found almost nothing about clothing sold by them. Apparently they are known for perfume (I remember when "Red" came out), which I never wear. Maybe they carried this line in the 80s?
Finally, I assembled all of the pieces of my framed art and added some hemp for the banner to "hang" from and some ricrac along the bottom.
Kearns sued Ford Motor Co. in 1978 and Chrysler in 1982, claiming patent infringement.
Now I've made up my mind
Despite appearances, this only looks incredibly greedy:
First, I don't think you should have kids in order to make yourself happy. Of course you don't want having kids to make you unhappy, but kids are not meant to fulfill their parents. This article seemed to be getting at this when it talked about how much pressure American parents put on themselves to raise perfect kids, rather than shooting for good kids. It would be exhausting to try and sculpt a kid into a perfect, all-star, straight-A, Ivy League Doctor or whatever, especially since they actually have a say in the matter and will ultimately do what they want. All parents can do is try and give them stability, love and guidance not turn them into superheros. I can understand wanting the best for your kids and I tend to think that Luthien is the smartest little baby that has ever existed, but I try to remember that she isn't my little project, but rather a little human that needs my guidance and love.
April 16-20, 2012 is Tornado and Severe Weather Awareness Week in Wisconsin.
In high school there wasn't much to do around here; you could go bowling, to the movies or party. Since there aren't many options for teens later at night, I'm well aware that not always the best decisions are made around here. For some reason, I haven't been one of those people.
Saturday, February 04 2012
III. HIS GREAT PRESERVATION
Personally, I celebrated early with Megan, Elizabeth and a few more of our friends.
The Pass Laws
If you need professional help in regard to any health issues or possible depression, don’t shy away from considering your local GP, he/ she may be able to help. The Samaritans do a great job of getting alongside people struggling, and will always have someone you can talk to.
Off she goes with a dismissive wave of her hand.
Now for this week, I ( Linda ) have chosen to challenge you to create with one of my favorite embellishments - Ribbons and Bows. I just love any kind of ribbons so I want to see how you use them. We are always looking for new ideas aren't we so show us some creativity here. You can use a bow or just some ribbon, what ever makes your creation looks spectacular.
But if that's the case, that just completely proves how alone we really are in the world, and how our lives are shaped by the decisions that we make for ourselves. And that is why we will forever be at step one.
With this wonderful discovery, I'm eating peanut butter everyday. Yep. It's the one food I do not get tired of. Some days I eat it for breakfast and lunch, other days, just lunch.
As I slam on the brakes swerving to a stop at the side of the road I grab the bag of bagels and jump out of the car. At this point Randy's eyes are about the size of frying pans and he's yelling, "WHAT !?!" over and over again. Meanwhile I'm grabbing bagels, biting off hunks, chewing them for a couple of seconds then spitting them out along the roadway. All the time Randy is getting more agitated, "WHAT, WHAT, WHAT'S GOING ON!!!" he insists.
The pain-in-the-ass that was the ducks, sadly came to an end the morning the fox invaded, and life in the wood-shed slash chicken coop became a little easier to live. But then, enter Lilliput.
“I needed the draft,” said Reutter, who won her fifth consecutive U.S. Championship, including the 2007 Junior National Title. “I knew the points were really close and I didn’t want to be in the pack, and I didn’t really want to get in anyone’s way.”
Regularly listed as a state with one of the highest tax burdens, New Jersey is cited by the Tax Foundation as having the country’s highest property tax per capita. It is also one of 14 states to tax Social Security income, according to CCH.
“Now to you who believe…. you are a chosen people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, God’s special possession,” (I Peter 2:7,9).
That is me in the middle with two Guitar Gangsters
Sam Knowles (Karma Kid)
For the sake of brevity, which I know I am not prone to doing, I will stop putting up comments from the thread. None of them were from ‘J’ or anyone actually worth arguing, not that any of them have anything to say that is even worth wasting one’s time with. Simply bulls**t that literally made no sense, either because of bad grammar or some other reason. If an argument comes forth that I think is worth spending the time to argue with, then I may update this post. However, it seems like this is debate, if one can really call it that, is over.
That made the Georgia Legislature’s car tag debate sound like the first act of Hamlet.
In addition to being associated with Roman authoritarianism and cryptogramed in the Prophecy of the Popes, Conte bolsters his prognostication concerning the name “Pius” by pointing to the electrifying visions of another pope named Pius—Pope Pius X who served as pope from 1903 to 1914 and who saw a papal successor carrying the same name Pius fleeing Rome over the bodies of dead priests at the onset of the end times. Pius X is widely reported to have said:
Mix everything together and continue mixing until your frosting will make peaks!
Ali was the second son of a second son
I wasn’t allowed to date until I was a sophomore in high school, and only double-dating. I dated a few nice young men and went to proms that year, but I wasn’t interested in the nice young men. I was attracted to the “bad boys,” the ones who were dangerous. Mama must have sensed it, because she was rigid about who I could date.
Third post this week. Yay! I may have said it before and I know I'll say it again, flowers are the hardest thing on the planet to paint. I don't know anyone who paints peonies as well as Kurt Anderson. He had these set up on a table in the corner of his studio the last time I visited. I couldn't resist snapping a photo to give them a try. It was fun and frustrating. My first attempt got brushed together. I came back the next day and worked into my blurry start. Worked out pretty well, I think.
Mail for Exchange 2008 in DL client, in 2009 embedded
I don't remember if it was then or another time that we went to the Historic Gastown District of Vancouver but I remember being there and eating in a restaurant. In fact I find it a bit amazing that in those years I went to two World's Fairs, several major cities, a number of national parks, and I couldn't tell you how many other attractions and I don't remember much about a lot of them. And yet I can recall details of some of the most absurd events, certain show venues, and quiet little podunks that most travelers would never bother to go to.
We camped in Myrtle Beach Travel Park, in case you are interested. It is right on the beach and is my favorite camp ground in Myrtle Beach. I hardly ever use the bath houses in a camp ground because the thought of it just grosses me out. But the bath houses in Myrtle Beach Travel Park are so nice and clean that I use them, even though the motor home has a full bathroom. So that is my little review of Myrtle Beach Travel Park. Overall, I love it but they do have some stupid parking fees for additional vehicles.
So listen up, my sonny boy, be ready for when they come
01 Chemical World
Me, Jamie, and my Dad frying the turkey
There’s so much to be afraid of. But mostly I am afraid of myself. These small displays of power have proven that I am far from ready to wield what is mine. Even soul intact, I am profoundly incomplete.
The institute said it was "revealing" that it took the murder of a foreign national for the police's senior management to take stock of the state of affairs in Gugulethu.
Prayer Psalm: 25
As we were all pulling out the lady reached threw my window in the truck and gave me a kiss , no one has ever done that when i am taking there pigs. And i turned into a bowl of jelly as i followed the horse trailer out.
We ventured to find a tea shop to warm up and hopefully find a working loo. On our way, we stopped in the Cashel Woollen Store and met Inge. She was adorable and a wonderful delight! She didn't care if we bought a thing or not. Well, she probably did, but she didn't act like it. I purchased a lovely hand-woven scarf for my friend, Laura. Should have bought more.
After that, no amount of hearts and minds, hospital and school building, "surges", kicking down doors will work.
We rolled into Chicken a little after 3 PM and were disappointed to have missed the tour of Tisha's Cabin - they only conduct two tours a day. There did not seem to be much else to do in Chicken but that was OK 'cause we were heading to Dawson City, which we love, and we figured we'd get there in a couple hours or so. After all, it's only 105 miles from Chicken, right?
Between these plays and my poem, I'll be surprised if I'm not up for the Man Booker next week.
Guardian newspaper accused of tampering with Clicogate column.
Hollandaise Sauce (adapted from Tyler Florence)
The thing that always motivated us about starting a business was knowing that whatever work we put in to it, we were going to directly gain out of it. There is no sitting around and hoping everything falls into place. If you have a passion and are willing to put the work in, go for it. For students, this is a great point in your life to think about starting a business because the time and resources that are available now are exponentially greater than what you will have in the future.
music influences (like the didgeridu-driven, aboriginal soundscape
A pleasant overall experience from Edradour. If price is not an issue for you, do give this whisky a try. It’s not too heavily-peated, but reminds me of a slightly peatier Clynelish 14. For those of you that can’t afford a $120 experiment, I’d stick with the Clynelish 14.
Coriander powder 1/2 tsp
This is the view of the kitchen from the living room. Notice my Visual Comfort fixtures? Love them and I am so excited to have them in my home! The kitchen has actually held up progress as of late. The island is the wrong finish than what I wanted so replacement cabinets had to be ordered and will finally be here this week! That means countertops, appliances, and plumbing can go in! Yay!
Tommy Sheridan, the former Scottish Socialist leader, has sacked his solicitor Aamer Anwar.
“I’ve been working hard. Is it really that obvious?” I replied.
*Sweet & some Savoury Treats for the Soul*
There are a great number of debates on this subject already, and I could agree with any of the first 10 hits in a Google search of “wordpress vs tumblr” for either side, as there are certainly advantages and disadvantages to each. Here is my take.
Page Technique: It’s on hotpressed watercolor paper, with a splash grey watercolor in the background. I literally just colored it just to have a color on it. I scrawled math all over it in sharpie, paint pen, and regular pen. Over all that I wrote the first 17 or so numbers in the Fibonacci series in a grey pen I found in my desk. I made the 07, 8, 1, and 3 with computer paper, black paint pen, orange highlighter, and a white gel pen. Then I wrote a really poorly written poem I had from a year or two ago.
Or swings wildly in maddening staccato
Needless to say, things are really hopping busy around here... still. Oy!
The photographer in me is having a hard time choosing between my Vegas weekend, where we visited Red Rock Canyon, and my birthday weekend, which involved a trip to Griffith Park Observatory. I think that Red Rock Canyon wins in the end, seeing as it's quite humbling to be surrounded by something so beautiful created by nature. It reminds me that I should take my camera out for weekend field trips more often, seeing as sometimes pictures say more than I possibly could in words.
5. Exorbitant service charges to authors or promises made to authors that they have neither the structure nor experience to deliver.
An ISBN allocated to your book and a Barcode (registered to Direct POD)
Isn’t it great to feel happy when those around you are happy?
While you read, think of Steely Dan's "Hey Nineteen"
Relentlessly last evening
2. Asha Bhosle: Dil Sajan Jalta Hai
The literature says it’s “complex” but it seems straightforward to me. There’s a definite buzz to this right off the bat. Served in a 10-ounce snifter for $5 with growler’s going for $17 and growler refills for $10.
Rnd 1)ch3, 11dc in 3rd ch from hook, sl st to top of first dc made(skipping ch2 now and throughout, makes a tighter closing), 11dc
About a man riding across the desert and starred Gregory Peck
*** Until Friday, May 18:
This is the astrological chart of today’s eclipse.
“I just need to know something, Tammy. Does abortion…harm a living thing? Is the embryo alive?”
Why…..because if Papa Gino’s or Domino’s or whatever made a singing video with Andrea Bocelli singing about pizza with a bunch of pepperonis dancing around I personally wouldn’t be offended because I’m Italian. Unless of course those pepperonis were dressed in colorful Italian clothing or were portrayed as Mafia pepperonis…………….
Gen 1:28-30
implicit if it is very clear.
I am busy, busy, busy getting ready for my National Scrapbooking Day crop on Saturday. It is full to over-flowing, and there are a lot of fun things going on that day. I promise to take pictures so that I can share a slide show with you.
And though I groan and writhe beneath my crosses,
I've got exciting news regarding my second book. The one coming out Spring 2013 from Simon Pulse. The one about the overweight teenaged girl who gets bullied and abused and her life spirals out of control.
Now for the drawing of our winner. I used Random.org to choose a winner ...
I cannot even remember how they came into my life, perhaps a random e-mail or phone call from a friend, perhaps web surfing, I truely have no clue. It really doesn't matter though, because the day I saw those tiny little eggs in the nest I was hooked. What a wonderful sight to see such a dedicated mama eagle sitting on those eggs.
Add water around the vegetables in the roasting pan
Tomorrow we are celebrating with very good friends of ours. And there's really no other friends I'd rather be with :-)
I am borderline OCD sometimes. I love to declutter the house, especially closets and kitchen cabinets. I also tend to throw things away prematurely because of the OCD issue. However, I don’t look at this as a fault, its just part of who I am. I really enjoy decluttering my brain. I love to clean out those closets and get everything straightened up and looking really clean, neat and in order. Okay, right now many of you are asking ‘what?’
Listen without interrupting even if you have a valid point, if they need to let it out first let them, they may not be able to if you don’t and will then clam up and refuse point blank to discuss.
Betty was very amused that I was so naïve! “And you, a woman from Rome! Have you no idea about feline eroticism? Tell me, how did Tigerli react to being thrown out of Paradise?”
Rhinestone brooch (on mince pie), Dirty Fabulous €140
The album is off to a slow and subdued start, setting the atmosphere for an album
I joined my sisters under the mulberry trees at this unique Provencal farmhouse
A child more possessed of self-esteem is hard to imagine.
Indie music always seems to come along in waves, or “scenes”. One of the most interesting and rapidly growing scenes in all of indie rock today is in Brooklyn, New York. Over the last 12 years or so, tons of indie bands have been either coming out of this area, or moving to this area. Some of my absolute favorite bands have come out of this musical movement in Brooklyn, but first let’s back up a bit. Bands such as Interpol and The Strokes kicked it off with each of their first albums, Turn on the Bright Lights and Is this it?, respectively. Both of these bands have become very successful by now, but nothing beats some of the jams from those first two albums. Here is “Someday”, by The Strokes and “Obstacle 1″ by Interpol.
Art or mirror over dresser
2 Invitations That Mean More Than 2 ENDORSEMENTS For Fred Vidal, PhD: The George W Bush Presidential Center And INSTITUTE and The GOPAC – Training & ELECTING The Next Generation Of REPUBLICAN LEADERS! Mike Fuller Accepts That Great 2 Memberships and Share This Honor with The Population Of CALIFORNIA.
Heat oven to 350 degrees
to be served up
What to Expect When You’re Expecting
Not that this is unusual but Eoin Clarke's latest "oooh, it's all so corrupt" piece of blogging is rather (and intentionally) misleading. Eoin claims:
DoYaThing - Gorillaz featuring Andre 3000 (free download on Converse website)
Bazzill Stock
“Sure, go ahead. I won’t have to clean up the mess would I?”
:o)
Our kids shower us with love and attention and tokens of gratitude every single day, and yet we have the nerve to want a whole day dedicated just to us?
Take care all
In Jesus’ death he plunged depths I’ll never experience in this world – I can’t imagine the suffering he endured on the cross & he went through hell itself while his body lay in the grave. After his resurrection, Jesus was lifted higher than anything I will know in this life as he was lifted into heaven. Still he comes to us to give us his strength by connecting with us through faith. Even though we might get knocked around by the world in which we live, he remains steadfast & strong as he promises to never leave us or forsake us (Deuteronomy 31:8). Through faith, the strength that gave the man from Acts 3 the ability to jump with joy can also be ours when we are knocked off our feet, robbed of our strength & crippled one way or another.
The 54-year-old activist, who once raised the ire of Canadian and U.S. cops by publicly flaunting his marijuana-smoking habits, even admits he doesn’t miss the weed that he first smoked in 1980, when he was 22.
Sassoon was twice a guest on BBC Radio 4′s Desert Island Discs, on 27 June 1970 and 9 October 2011, when he was also Resident Thinker on the Nowhereisland art project.
I'm trying to get back into the swing of things (eating healthy, overcoming the monstrous laundry mountain, waking up on time...things like that).
Run Time: 109 mins
Thrun differentiated Stanford’s free offering with enrolments, scheduled assignments and exams and a ”statement of accomplishment” on students’ completion.
3. The stories of Mahabharata other than the war – I was glued to the pre-war and the post-war part of the book. These stories (from Pandavas vanvaas, their travel to hell,etc) are usually not told to us by our elders.
1 upright
Name of Recipe:Recipe URL(if applies)
The next day, I was surfing the company’s internet site and landed on their “New Employees” page. There was a brief bio of Will, accompanied by a photo. Wow, he was HOT! Maybe this wouldn’t be such a bad place to work after all. Luckily, the temp agency didn’t have any other openings, so I was going to have to stick around. Returning from lunch one day, I held the door for someone coming up behind me – it was Will. As I walked up the stairs, he struck up a conversation, asking me if I were new. We chatted briefly and went our separate ways. As the summer went on, Will and I would run into each other at the photocopier or on the stairs. When I have a crush on someone, I get very tongue-tied around him, so he must have thought I was an idiot.
And then I'll have to rinse my mouth out with soap.
Lawtons:
Maxwell Blade’s for a fact.
Enlargement: 10/10 ヾ(@°▽°@)ノ あははぁ Again, biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiig Bambi eyes! XD
No point in lying here: “Probably never.” I’m heading south towards Argentina. I like to think the reason they ignore this onward suggestion is because they love my company, repeating instead: “When will you return to Lima?” No, no, Argentina, I’ve never been to Lima and won’t return….Ahhhhh they sigh lost elsewhere while dream-walking their country’s capital, the far off city that represents all that is wrong and right, traditional and modern, moving and static. Most have never been to the foggy city, preferring instead to simply imagine how it might be. Climbing back on the bike sometimes I feel like I’ve left them disappointed since I couldn’t offer a more detailed city description, some minor color or smell to keep their urban dreams from drifting away.
Thanks to the TSCSC for taking part in our Q&A and look forward to meeting the lads after the SPL trophy is once again in our hands. Next week we shall be publishing our next CSC Q&A with a yet to be named Club. I have decided to add to the questions and add various new parts to these blogs. Hope you all enjoy the changes next week.
Since this is a blog showcasing the artist in all of us, I hope you will send me pictures of something you have created and hopefully where you choose to create it. It can be a picture of your kitchen table or the cozy area in your den, just remember that there is an artist in all of us and no space is too small to be shown here on ...Where We Really Create.
Money and privilege often lead to indulgence, and what better place than New York City to find businesses, products, and services oriented to those who want to give their pets all the special treats that they and other humans have?
I have a new hobby. It's dolls. Yes, dolls. My midlife crisis has struck.
so dont create a bad day for yourselves
The mosque in Drancy, a suburb to the north of Paris, has been the focus of tension for weeks with a small group of protesters keeping up a noisy barrage of criticism against the imam Hassen Chalghoumi.
The open channel that Girlie had to Boy Morales gave her insight into the pain that Boy was feeling, and also into his strong will to wake up and live. When his body finally gave up, his message to Bel and his children was typical BM: “I am sorry I had to leave you. I tried my utmost.”
I stamped the Bitty Square Swirl in Certainly Celery as a corner border, and then filled in with the Mini Flower in Studio G black pigment ink (which, by the way, I will not be using very frequently -- much messier than my other pigment inks). I embossed the flowers with Clear Embossing Powder and then finished stamping with the Tiny Flower in Lavender Lace, the Mini Leaf in Certainly Celery and the Bitty Sprig in So Saffron.
We wonder how and why the religious functionaries in the country can make the pronouncements they do, but what do we expect if we allow a condition where children from the same linguistic-cultural background are kept in the company of people similar to them from primary to secondary education, and perhaps even beyond?
3. Sewing? Yeah right! Give me a freaking staple gun.
Two for the show, three to get ready now go cat go,
What was that beer?
The City Council commissioned a town-planning consultant, Thomas Sharp, to prepare a redevelopment plan for the reconstruction of the city. The plan was published as “Exeter Phoenix”. Bedford Circus, was damaged, it had been one of the most impressive examples of unified urban 18th century architecture in England but the council destroyed it and Princesshay turned into a pedestrian shopping precinct which was redeveloped again in 2005 into shopping and leisure complex which manages our time. Sharp believed buildings that “will best stand the test of time will be those which show no stylistic tricks at all but which depend for their effect on being clean, well proportioned and honest”. He had it the wrong way round.
Barrett Lauer, one of the earliest brewers at what was then the Wharf Rat, confirmed that "Todd" was his immediate predecessor, departing on not-very-friendly terms, allowing Lauer to transition from kitchen to brewkettle--and the rest was history, for him and the brewery.
The recipe is braised mediterranean beef casserole.
Of the highly sophisticated 209 class German submarines one is permanently laid up in a shed undergoing a three year repair to its electrical system. Considering that it takes only about six months to build such a machine from scratch and train its crew, it shows the immense stuff up that must have happened due to the ANC’s stupid Affirmative Action policies.
Somewhere along the way, we baked it out of you. And that's a shame, because what Zeke has (and what so many have lost) is exactly what we need.
...as do shoe-covered poles
OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies (2006) – So I don’t know if you all got this from my review, my best of 2011 list, or my Oscar article but I really enjoyed the hell out of The Artist. The loving tribute to and recreation of a bygone style of film-making really just got me in the right way. It turns out that Academy Award-winning director Michel Hazanavicius and star Jean Dujardin are not new to the retro genre pastiche. OSS 117 is a French superspy character created back in the late 1940s (predating James Bond) an made into a series of films in the 1950s and 60s. I’ve never seen them but they’re pretty straightforward 1950s/60s spy films. Hazanavicius has a bit more comedic take on the property…
Colin also called Melbourne home and was commissioned to create many pieces of commercial art for major retailers, well known Interior Designers, and Antique dealers. During this time he also had a firm following of personal clients collecting work as his style evolved.
Match 3) Cody Rhodes def. The Big Show in a Tables Match to Win the Intercontinental Championship
Deschutes Brewery The Abyss
The night before the concert I was to meet Mark Farner and his band at the Holiday Inn at the World's Fair Site in Knoxville. Providing hotel accommodations was my responsibility. Due to my limited budget, this was the best I could afford and though certainly not the best place in town, it was not too bad. Near dusk I was waiting in the parking lot of the hotel and as scheduled a fancy tour bus rolled up. I got out of my van and went to the door of the bus. A man stepped out and identified himself as Mark Farner's manager. He said he would introduce me to Mark.
He had a typical defense: after 36 hours he'd thought I'd abandoned the pizza and didn't want it anymore. Why didn't you ask me I said, still glaring. It was five a.m. was his lame excuse, and I didn't want to wake you up. Then you shouldn't have eaten it! I declared.
Right, now I'm off to try and compose a haiku, over at Ello's place, where the contest to promote Cindy is being hosted. Here's hoping that I stand an even better chance of winning a copy of Silver Phoenix! Why don't you have a go too?!
“It rolls off the tongue,” I said. “Eventually.”
Most of all, sending you a kiss and a pat on your beautiful bellies! Pregnancy is an amazing thing, and as my mom would say, "Take gentle care of yourself." Lots of love to you. xoxo
i read a guest post that my friend wrote today over at a blog i stalk and it filled me with vacation-y feelings... but of a special kind. the kind about returning somewhere you've been many times throughout your life. that feeling of familiarity in a place far away from home.
I'd suggest reading the whole press release, though I find these parts especially relevant:
The ransacking of the pro-Kremlin group’s office by Antifa activists raised the spectre of a rapid escalation in the stand-off and prompted some of Russia’s leading human rights crusaders – including Lyudmila Alexeyeva, a Soviet-era dissident – to call for restraint.
Most of the knitting I do, I do outside my home. When I am home, my responsibilities demand my hands so I don't often pick up my knitting.
12) You will have a neat square of pastry with the fold on the top.
As for the short-termists who have just come along for a scrap - they don’t care about fighting militant Islam and the implantation of sharia law. They just want a fight. Do these people honestly think that some tiny and local scraps with UAF/SWP and even the police are going to destroy the might and propaganda of millions of Islamists and their far-left enablers?
They have been trying to learn how to do flips. I think I have a heart attack every time they try this because I just know that one of these times one of them is going to crack their head open.
I hurry amid the other commotion in the kitchen into the foyer to find that Dylan has teed up a burgundy glass globe ornament with a makeshift golfclub. There is now burgundy and gold dust littering my foyer and study near our large Christmas tree.
SO frustrating.
However, it was the perfect makings of a nightmare to me.
Be devout or have a ball!
One statement she made, as a part of her definition of love, has really stuck with me...perhaps because I SO want to believe it to be true, and in the same breath, I am petrified that it IS true. The quote is:
I can not tell you what an amazing experience it has been becoming a mommy (and watching my husband turn into a dad right before my eyes). I never knew I could love someone so much that my heart might burst. Durham is the most amazing gift... and Chris & I are beyond amazed by him every day.
Only when it relates to their own journalists, does the likes of The Sun display any kind of decency and respect. What a sad reflection on journalism - and life - in this country.
So, rather than continue my internal debate and going in circles, I'd love to hear from you about your POV preferences. Perhaps your feedback can help me to make a choice and get going with it already. Because, to be honest, I'm beginning to wonder if this struggle isn't an excuse to procrastinate digging in to the new story. ;)
I am a true believer in the fact that it takes a village. My friends have been supportive in a variety of ways. Some call to check in while others think ahead to when we could run together. Some try other, more sarcastic tactics:-) Some of my long-time friends have done this with me every year since they've known me and they are as supportive as ever. Katie joined Yoga with me which will get me there every Wednesday. Others have offered to meet me at the gym.
Its just another one of those things today which has gone either totally wrong or nowhere near how I intended it to be.
Mandatory Entry: Visit Sassy Apron store on Etsy and comment to let us know which apron would inspire you to cook the best Holiday feast this season
thinking about why I’m not doing anything to change it.
After Judy left, I went down the street and asked my ecologically-friendly neighbors to help. They said they would be glad too. I knew more people would be interested so, I started asking my friends. I got a lot of responses back and hopefully they all hold true to their word.”
Released in 7 series
We wish they could have stayed longer.
Yet, in absolute value terms, trade between the two countries has remained extremely low key, despite the fact that China’s global trade has grown by leaps and bounds over the last decade and a half. To put things into perspective, in 2010, Pakistan-China trade volume reached a so-called ‘all time high’ of $8.6 billion. In comparison, India-China trade that year was worth nearly $62 billion and China’s total trade amounted to almost three trillion dollars.
I also pulled an ear of corn to give it a test run tonight. I read that if the top kernels don't mature it's a problem with fertilization. Given that I planted my corn over 6 weeks late I think the little mini corn doesn't look half bad!
There are so many great sets in this new mini that I had trouble choosing my favorite! I went with the Baby Blossoms set and the Springtime Vintage Designer Series Paper and had such fun making these projects.
When the story first begins, Meghan seems like a naive young girl. She's turning sixteen and she feels like her family had forgotten about her, bringing you back to the familiar story of Molly Ringwald's character in Sixteen Candles. There were points where I got annoyed with this character easily. She's clumsy and a little ignorant; even I knew exactly what was happening around her when it came to both faeries and the real world.
At Blue Hill Lakeside
By the late second century CE, the Apostles’ Creed was formulated:
If a credit repair company guarantees a better credit score, run away screaming. Many companies put out marketing materials that make broad claims about what they can do for you. This is not factual because the afflictions of your credit do not necessarily resemble the credit issues of others. The only credit repair agencies that guarantee success are fraudulent ones.
'NO!' hmpf...start to walk off...
3- Why do you run?
Standing on edge on ageless fading loch -
Don’t have to wait for YEARS for your book to hit the selves.
I looked for him on facebook the other day.I wanted to see who he had become; I wanted to know what he looked like, what he did for a living, if he had a wife and kids, if he had any daughters.
Black Balloon The Goo Goo Dolls
My boys looked forward to these neon, fluffy, make-you-happier-than-a-Cadbury-Egg- chicks. Do you know how happy it makes me when my kids are more excited about something they don’t get to eat and that causes one of their combined 16 cavities, (per our last family dentist appointment). Do not judge. Yes, they brush.
Monica lost another tooth last night. She pulled it out all by herself!!!! Mommy knew it was ready and it was coming out no matter what.
REASONS TO STAY: Not on par with Pixar’s other films. Mostly fluffy, could easily have been a direct-to-cable film from a story standpoint.
7. Timothy O’Sullivan and Yutaka Sone at the University of Chicago
So, I am re-assessing, revising and restarting.
The Royal Lancers worked with several vocalists over the years. The core members were vocalist Paul Stefan (Stefaniak), Doug Tank on lead guitar, John Pavlik on rhythm guitar, Roy Malvitz on bass, Hal Block on sax, and Lee Breest on drums.
For my layout, I decided to use the sketch as is and add a couple more photos.
And indeed, when I take a close look at Rosy, her back leg ends in a sort of rounded stump. You wouldn’t know it till she walks, which is with a sort of uneven kittenish lollop. A disabled cat, along with Fluffy, who’s recovering from Cat Flu, and Digby, who has no tail.
So, this doesn't affect coffee stouts. It doesn't affect any other beers where the caffeine is added by the use of ingredients that have caffeine (coffee, chocolate, tea). So, Terrapin Wake and Bake is fine.
Whilst hunting the Indian yeti - or Mandebarung - in the Garo Hills in 2010 we were aided by a delightful man named Dipu Marak. A local journalist and investigator, Dipu had been on the trail of the yeti for many years, interviewing witnesses and exploring the jungles where he found 18-inch, man-like tracks. Whilst in the mountain town of Tura, Dipu invited us to eat with his family. His lovely wife Dezyama had prepared a veritable feast for us.
In an attempt to explain why a generation of women born in the 1960s and 1970s are finding themselves living lives of solitude, a male friend emailed me All the Single Ladies, thinking I’d buy into the writer’s load of crap. The 39 year old single woman spends an endless amount of ink trying to convince herself and single women everywhere they are happy living empowered lives of solitude, which couldn’t be further from the truth.
#2 Willem Buiter, chief economist at Citigroup: "Time is running out fast. I think we have maybe a few months -- it could be weeks, it could be days -- before there is a material risk of a fundamentally unnecessary default by a country like Spain or Italy which would be a financial catastrophe dragging the European banking system and North America with it."
My oldest friend (53 years), Susan has a magI mean look at her yellow daylillies and Stella d'Oro's. in her magnificent garden. Her thumb is as green as green can be. I have always been so covetous of her yard. We went to Knoxville today so that we could be there for the funeral of Susan's MIL, Mrs. Jane. It was a sad trip.
No, no Freedom for me. I’ll take the bonds of a first kiss anytime. YA lit. Sigh.
Julie
We also bought a lot of things in bulk, like popcorn in 50 pound bags from the natural food store in town, or multiple 50# bags of flour from our local Wheat MT...
I'm dreaming it.
Now I am not a Christian but from the little I know about the theology of Christianity, the issues of poverty and social justice are as close to the core of its teaching as the concerns over abortion and gay marriage. So I have to ask: How can the Vatican, the defender of doctrine, condemn those for following the basic tenants of their religion? Is this what our world has become? Has religion taken on a new more politically charged focus than it should? How in the name of decency can the Vatican abandon critical efforts to ease the suffering of its flock? Has God gone blind and deaf and sold his soul to those who seek political advantage over religious needs?
This is Chelsea, one of Grant's(the groom) three sisters. I wasn't very good at taking pictures.
“For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth.”
Mother’s Day is coming next week, and I like Mother’s Day. My son is flying in with his family and it will be a good weekend. But some of us also think of our own mothers. When I buy cards for my daughter and daughter-in-law, I feel a tinge of sadness because I miss my mother and no longer choose a card just for her. We were close, talked on the phone often. I often have called this our very good long-distance relationship because she lived a few states away, and long phone calls kept our relationship strong. I lately read a poem by Ted Kooser that I love, about a mother gone. It touched me.
09. Baby, Don't You Want A Man Like Me
I am thankful for the freedom to pursue the life I really want, to make mistakes and learn from them, and for having the ability to be the person I want to be.
The Central Wales Football Association, utter knobheads!
(202) 401-4005 (FAX)
Doesken has been tracking hail data for more than 30 years. Fort Collins was one of the locations hit with 4.5-inch diameter hail on July 30, 1979.
I have been informed that perhaps going to an International cake show was NOT an incredibly stereotypical Australian thing to do. Go figure. So today we did something a bit more Aussie normal. We went to the Oban Scotch distillery and had a tour. Really impressive little place. They make about 5000 litres every day. That scotch is then held in kegs for 14 years before bottling. Until it reaches three years, by law it can not even be called Scotch. They use bourbon kegs from America to capitalise on the keg’s taste.
Let’s have a round of applause for all of our winners! Keep an eye out, I am getting to like this whole giving stuff away. :)
Carmen gave her short, stubby… Who was she kidding? Short, fat friend a sideways glance of disdain. No amount of money in the world could compensate her for being called mommy.
I can't even begin to imagine what it will be like going to this event with her and our other good friend Della of Dellables. We will be so excited that I don't think we can sleep at night 'cuz we'll be talking about flowers and linens and decor all day/night long! We will definitely be in 7th heaven!
When a black forest was all that we got from the Oberoi’s,
Down to Earth shows how to find pleasure and meaning in a simpler lifestyle and how to go about it whether you are renting, a land owner or retired.
I hope in the near future I can share more uncluttering success, but for now I must get back to work!
Pumpkins from Home Depot (big bag) = $7 (the rest of the pumpkins I put outside of our house)
If I could have said what I thought, what I meant… what I truly felt.
lost direction led him astray
City spurted into life with shots by Yaya Toure and Ageuro and as the tension rose, even the two bosses lost their rag as Sir Alex Ferguson and Mancini argued over Nigel de Jong’s clumsy tackle on Welbeck.
Which brings me back to the lab, where the air chillers fail, spectacularly, every summer when it gets hot. Let me assure you, ninety humid degrees in a lab coat is not nearly as sexy as one might imagine. At least the lab coat hides the pit stains, but it's more difficult to surreptitiously jangle my ballsack away from it's adherence to the insides of my thighs.
Putin named Medvedev as his chosen prime minister, before winning the March 4 presidential vote. The nomination is expected to be approved by the house on Tuesday.
We’re going to jump in and start building a model for forces soon, but we’ll need a common vocabulary in order to be able to talk about forces. It’s pretty clear from our various definitions that we could easily get confused about what we’re saying to each other if we don’t agree on some common terms first. So I’m going to give you 4 (or sometimes 5… just depending on how it goes) common forces. It will be just enough to get us started, but there are certainly other types of forces which you’ll identify when they come up (and we’ll have plenty of extra space in the table to make new entries when the time is right).
The first Gaiman story is ‘A Dream of a Thousand Cats’ (1991) from the Dream Country collection of The Sandman. In the story, a cat discovers that cats ruled the world once before humans discovered that dreams shaped the world, and thus dreamt themselves into being the dominant species on the planet. She decides to go around the world, preaching to other cats, to convince them all to dream of a world where cats are once again the dominant species.
2. Then I wondered why such a page would be necessary anyway: I rarely see anyone misspell "properly."
Stop your whining and grow up, Christians. Jesus was not a whiner. He even told us that we would be criticized. He said people would hate us. He said that should not stop us from loving people. He said to love those who hate you and pray for those who persecute you. He never told us that everybody would love us if we just acted a certain way. Christians spend far to much time holding their feelings out for the world to see and hoping to get some sympathy instead of looking for those who need sympathy and running to encourage them. We were not put here to receive praise from humanity, but rather to glorify God in heaven.
Against the papacy, however, because of its errors and wicked ways, the first man, Sir Christian, has been aroused, and he attacks it boldly with prayer and the Word of God; and he has wounded it, too, so that they feel it and rage. But no raging helps; the axe is laid to the tree and the tree must be uprooted, unless it bears different fruit. I see clearly that they have no notion of reforming, but the farther things go, the more stubborn they become and want to butt their way through, and boast, “All or nothing, bishop or drudge!” I consider them so godly that, unless they reform or turn from their shameful ways, both they themselves and the whole world admit that it is not to be endured, and that they should betake themselves to their comrade and brother, the holy Turk. Ah well! May our heavenly Father quickly hear their own prayer and grant that, as they say, they may be “all or nothing, bishop or drudge.” Amen! They will have it so. Amen! So let it be, let it come true, as God pleases!
Growing up, I was all about the stuffed animal toy. Bears, koalas, baby seals, Hello Kitty...all types of plush toys and never a doll. I know some of you LOVE dolls and may think bundt is cute, but it was totally frightening for me to make. So scary, I knew I couldn't do it alone! I invited my friend JustJenn over for moral and piping support.
“It’s the craziest thing,” admits Dr. Lamar Landice. “We ran several different experiments from many different angles. They all had the same conclusion: when Life is over, you die. Everybody. Paupers and Kings alike. No one escapes Life’s murderous tendencies.”
ZACH: So I don’t know what to do. I’m trapped in my life but I can’t do anything about it. I don’t have the courage to.
Form that includes all forms,
Depending on how many public keys you’ve already collected, and how many key pairs you have already generated, your window may display more information than my screenshot below. As you can see, my test user Joe User doesn’t have anyone else’s public keys on record, nor any key pairs of his own.
According to FBN website, the aim of the group is “to enhance private sector bilateral trade relations between Malaysia and Britain as well as to promote and develop investment opportunities between the two countries.”
I HEREBY DEFY ANYONE TO SHOW ME IN THE OLD TESTAMENT, NEW TESTAMENT, or the Torah evidence of ANY of these beliefs…
Last Sunday, dubbed Superbowl SUNday by NASA and the media, February 6th 2011 marked the day when the space agency’s twin STEREO satellites locked into orbit round the sun and started projecting 3D pictures of both sides of the sun back to Earth.
art stamp
salt and freshly milled pepper
Once the classes start at the end of August we will clear all the projects away and make room for the students!
You remember that a week or so ago that Nanny and the water companies were all telling us that we were officially in a drought, and that the use of hosepipes was banned (except for the Olympics and various football matches etc)?
“You don’t say!” jeers the manager sarcastically. “I hope you were gentle with them, because women aren’t built like female gorillas!”
I hope that you had a wonderful Mother's Day and to those of you who desire to be a mama, but have not seen that prayer answered, I pray that God gives you indescribable joy for what He has called you to for this season of your life.
For dinner, I made some raw vegan "chicken salad". this recipe is inspired by Averie's Chicken salad from loveveggiesandyoga.com
And Chuck… his muscles had grown so big, he could barely fit in his armor.
Who coughed up a quid in the dark caravan
A desk-bound bun-wearing red-lining recluse
With their military presence no longer required they remained powerful as bankers and money lenders and many of Europe’s dynasties were indebted to them.
*i'm closer to the city, where marketing jobs are easier to come by
The Report builds on the Handbook experience (especially literature searching) but is a very different piece of work and will be harder for me as a writer.
Back tomorrow
Her sister shakes her head.
These are the ingredients you will need to purchase from your local purveyor of goods. Then you will need to measure out all your ingredients in preparation to start creating…
Before I get into the details of this post, I've decided that it is time to focus on some smaller aspects of adding some life to our home starting with getting some frames slash art slash stuff on the walls. I've found it very easy to get wrapped up in the idea of paint because it is so easy and can make a huge difference. But all the paint in the world is not going to breathe personality and life into our home. SO, expect something on smaller, non-paint-ish scale soon! And I'm going to be working with what I've already got in our house unless I find something cool at thrift prices...when I have time to look...which is almost none.
- Hamburgers are good. Circular buns, circular burgers. This is sure to be a well-rounded food!
a company called OCIBU (see snapshot of the packet above).
Australia is not only the land of my birth and the giver of all opportunities to all men, it has also copped some harsh press in recent times and I thought this a good opportunity to stick up for her.
(An aside: as a mule, I must confess that sitting at the front of the class is not always the wisest of choices as I tend to snicker a lot and Mum was NO HELP ATTALL in keeping me out of trouble. As a result, the donkey paused often to reprimand our errant ways ..... I'm still snickering ..... I mean, you should have SEEN how BIG that, ummm, 'column' of wet, pointed clay got before the donkey squished it down again .........!!)
By contrast, Israel takes account of profiling - which Clarkson was alluding to - in delivering a service which benefits everyone.
According to the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed by Treasury Holdings with Nama on December 13, 2010, Nama, amongst other things, provided its consent for the transaction to proceed once it was granted specific security over the group’s charge over the TAIL shares, allowing Nama to benefit from the net proceeds of their sale.
His last voice calling out your name and your
Leave to rest under a clean tea towel or cling film for 20 mins to reduce the elasticity.
Make your spice rub… (less than 5 min)
His respiration isn't quiet as stellar as his feedings. He's been on a ventilator since birth - not really unexpected, since at his age his lungs are not fully developed yet. The ventilator provides help in several ways - it can increase the amount of oxygen he gets (we breathe 21% O2; he can get up to 100%, but has ranged between about 24 and 50% O2.) In addition, the vent provides pressure to help the little guy inflate his lungs. Finally, the machine can initiate the breaths for him if he is too weak or tired to do it on his own. We've noticed over the past few weeks that the amount of breaths he is taking on his own have increased, indicating less reliance on this aspect of the vent. His settings at this time (and really his entire life so far) have been moderate, but he's not quite ready to move to the next level down in the breathing department - the CPAP machine. We are looking forward to this step down in assistance, b/c usually babies on CPAP are stronger, and can be held more often.
“It’s legit,” replied Jagred.
In Quakertonia, all gasoline and diesel fuel sales are made by the state's Fuel Control Board; kerosene and propane are sold by private businesses (fuel distributors can only sell 55 gallon drums of kerosene and 500 lb. tanks of propane; grill stores can sell 20 lb. grill tanks and five gallon cans of kerosene. No one knows why). Every town of 3,000 people gets a Fuel Shop; the price is the same in every town -- high -- diesel is only available in special stations on the highways, and the sales clerks are only allowed to sell fuel to licensed drivers. Fuel sales are "controlled" by the state because gasoline is highly flammable and the vapors are explosive (and carcinogenic), and because uncontrolled gasoline sales could lead to people driving all over the place (which apparently has no ill effects in neighboring, "uncontrolled" states) and because the taxes are a huge source of revenue.
c) 17%
Deep down we all want to laugh. But for many, they are afraid to laugh. If they laugh, they have to let go of their pain for just a moment. And if their pain is their security blanket, it makes them vulnerable if even for a split second.
#s’o
On our way to Camden, an Accidental friend had confessed she was worried she wouldn't recognise all of the songs that would feature during the night ahead. But once inside, as she instantly recognised the familiar strains of 'Love Is A Battlefield', such fears were allayed. On a raised stage at one end of the Ballroom, DJs cranked out rock anthem after rock anthem, each new song being greeted with a crazed scream of 'Ohmygodilovethissong!'. Either side of the decks scruffy guys in t-shirts and jeans air-guitared and head-banged furiously to Queen, Foreigner, Alice Cooper and Meatloaf, whilst a third hurled inflatable microphones and guitars into the bouncing crowd yelling along below. Within an hour we were stationed right in front of the stage, hot and sweaty from busting our best rock moves, sticky from spilled drinks, and loving it! Confetti canons were wheeled out and fired at strategic key changes, and smoke machines shrouded us in so much atmospheric fog we might have been in a Bonnie Tyler music video.
"Mom, do you have a screwdriver?" ~ Clay
Haxan
I enjoy being on the road. Most of my life has been on the road. It’s a little like home to me. All the junctions and motorways, rest areas for coffee and cake, the holiday routes, coastal paths and so much more. Of course, the period of time spent with no actual home was one of the best times I could have asked for, at that time of life anyway.
If you're out of the loop like I am I URGE you, no F- that I'm begging you to check it out. It's a perfect example of why I love Ikea so much.
Even as dead marine animals and oil continues to wash up on shore, and residents suffer from serious health issues, a new permit for drilling was just issued. So much for a moratorium till a better procedure for cleanup is found. There is none to date and the blowout preventer just doesn’t work, period.
roasted shrimp with spicy horseradish cocktail sauce
So, as you may know Evan does not sit still for more than 3 seconds at a time. And my primary lens is a 50mm which makes for very tight fitting in our small home (aka you have to get back quite a ways in order to get everything in the picture). So I had to literally tackle him to the ground and tickle him to get a picture of him....While I love the bottom picture because it's such a natural laugh, my lens failed me in allowing me to get all of his face in the frame. Oh well, it's still an amazing picture of his gorgeous personality!
But the Lizardman stunty team gets only 1 Big Guy. Now, the skinks all move 8, but are very pricey for stunty players: twice the cost of halflings! It just seems like a hopeless team.
Taken from 'Time Gentlemen Please!' (released July 2009)
And now I am completely behind in life, in planning for my trip home on WEDNESDAY and with work. I've given up even thinking about trying to catch up with work; whatever needs to be done will either go away or wait for me in December.
I had something weird when I was 18 ... didn't we all? Seriously though, I had a sore throat for four weeks that took 3 lots of antibiotics to kill. Sadly, whether it was the virus or the antibiotics no one can say, but when the sore throat left, the red lumps arrived.
I stare at Richard for a sign that he’s jesting, but his earnest face indicates otherwise.
Clerks II (2006)
The rice was nicely cooked and the bread had been warmed up, giving it a crisp, slightly oily crust (a bit focaccia like) and light, airy insides. In authentic Turkish style there was also bloody loads of it.
Authors with prestigious names such as Rendell, Rankin and La Plante would not be upset to have this novel as a part of their ouvre.
The salesperson answers, 'Which one do you mean, Sir?
As I wrote yesterday, free speech is a difficult issue, and I find myself frequently in need of a reminder as to why disparagement of persons based on their immutable characteristics – in other words, hate speech – should be protected. Malik gives clear, well-thought out answers to this question and many related ones. Normally I would offer some highlights, but really the entire interview is engaging and informative, and well worth one’s time. Do give it a look.
Without Barnes & Noble, the publishers’ marketing proposition crumbles. The idea that publishers can spot, mold and publicize new talent, then get someone to buy books at prices that actually makes economic sense suddenly seems a reach. …
For example, when work is an awful experience, it’s easy to get caught up in the emotions of it; after all, it takes up a quarter of your time, and that’s assuming you work 40 hours a week and it doesn’t take into account commuting, and it makes no accomodation for the amount of your time that’s spent sleeping. Work is a huge portion of your week. And when it sucks, it’s hard to let go of that.
What could be called the case of the careening coffee began brewing the morning of April 17 in the 600 block of Avenue B as a woman told Fort Pierce police Albert Wesley had thrown java on her, a recently released arrest affidavit states.
Down on the Farm
-Isn't August supposed to be warm...she twittered talking to herself....and isn't August supposed to be a wonderful month for picnic's..I don't know whats wrong with the weather this year,but it makes me worry...
The ice in the river was breaking up and took on the appearance of shattered glass floating as if by magic on the water, moving down river. It was like the river was cleansing itself of unwanted debris freeing itself for the animals and ushering in the warmer weather and a more fun time for us humans in Parc des Rapides. The frozen snow and ice that in some places seem to go on forever reaching out and touching the fast water, before breaking off and floating down river seem to be the favorite spot for a few ice fisherman, who simply must fish no matter what season it is some boring holes throw the ice to fish and others just casting a line into the faster running water that never freezes, but let us begin at the beginning as before I enter into the gate to cross the little bridge that will allow me access to the island which is called Parc des Rapides.
Pages: 341
We mourn because Kyle never got to take off his training wheels or start his first day of school with a yellow backpack. We mourn because Braden never graduated high school or went to college or lost his wallet on the Marching Band bus ride from San Antonio to Indiana. We mourn because Julie Miller will never get her first job or feel her heart float like a scarlet balloon through the ceiling and over the skylines until it hovers like a pinprick on the sun when she looks at her baby girl. We mourn because Howard will never grow old with Sylvia to cradle her finely wrinkled hand in his own.
Am I alright?
Some argue that the view of America and even New York City as a melting pot is largely a myth and outmoded idea. Immigrants do not settle across the country or the city in a uniformly distributed way. What we have would be better described as cultural pluralism and multiculturalism - and that a salad bowl is a better analogy than a melting pot.
For instance, I would totally do store runs for you, make you warm and cold compresses, give you your medicine and totally take your temperature rectally! Oh and I make some of the best fucking chicken noodle soup on the planet (or so I have been told) , and I make it from scratch with fresh egg noodles. I won't dote over you like a mother, I can take on the caretaker role for a while, I consider it compassionate service. I wasn't always good at this, but I have grown to appreciate it as a unique gift of human kindness over the years.
Feldman was also responsible for the even more catastrophic appointment of Peter Cruddas, who this week resigned in disgrace as treasurer after his boasts to undercover reporters about his ability to arrange access to the Prime Minister.
The US Government had stopped issuing silver coinage in quantity - basically going on a de facto Gold Standard. Economists of the day said that the world should adopt a universal standard (the Gold Standard) because this would more effectively control inflation. And so the number of silver coins fell dramatically - as did the price of silver. William Jennings Bryan ran for President four times on a populist ticket, and his most famous speech is the "Cross Of Gold" - about how shifty Wall Street robber barons were screwing the Little Guy with monetary policy.
others injured.
Things did not go perfectly in the mousseline department for Jenn and Jennifer. In fact, they both despaired at times of ever coming up with an edible frosting. Read their posts for how not to give up on frosting, even when it's curdling, separating, and all the other sins that mousseline is heir to. It even drove Jenn to ladylike cursing: "$*%&^ $&#*%&!"
BEAT on high speed 5 minutes or until smooth and creamy.
energy.
Creme said nothing as she dismounted, in a much more clumsy fashion than Brulee would do, even with the Draenei’s funny legs. She tried to emulate the motion, but as she did not have stirrups when riding on the same horse as her mentor, she could not brace her foot while slinging her other leg over. The best she could manage was gently sliding/falling over to one side, clinging to the horses neck for dear life. It was a wonder the horse didn’t try to shake her off with all the pushing and pulling she did to it.
Friday was a rest day and I mentally needed it. We were really missing Jim at this point! Saturday was my long run of 22 miles. I got a babysitter to come over at 8:00 and the weather was just about perfect! I had my iPod, CamelBack filled with water, GUs, Shotblocks and my phone. I felt really confident going into this run. That feels nice. I wasn’t trying to push the pace really. My goal was a few warm up miles at 9:30 pace and then pick up the pace as I felt good. I finished with 21.2 on the books around a 9:25 pace. The big things I wanted to work out on this run was nutrition. I still struggled a little with this but thanks to your advice (thanks, organicrunnermom) and my DailyMile friends, I have some new products to try in the next few weeks!
Facing criticism for still holding the remains of about 1,400 Native Americans in its archaeological collection, the University of Michigan will be reviewing its policies on how to properly deal with Indian bones and artifacts.
Not so long ago, it was gay men who pretended to be straight. Some, like the cowboys in Brokeback Mountain, even married women to camouflage their true nature. Apparently, women who perform this function are called “beards”. I learnt of this terminology when Chris Martin (the pop musician) referred to Gwyneth Paltrow (his wife) as a great beard. He was obviously joking, but it was still an ugly slur. No A-list actress should be given an epithet which befits the bush sprouting from Brian Blessed’s chin.
At any rate:
The ANC study proposed the introduction of a “resources rent tax” on all mining operations once they earn returns greater than about 15 percent annually and advised the government to consider working with labor unions to exert greater control over key mining companies. At the same time, it said nationalization of mines would lead to “economic disaster” and cause foreign investors to flee.
A quick hello before I disappear back under the depths of my Constitutional Law book. One more test on Monday and I'm done! Now hopefully May will start acting more like May rather than April and cool it with these showers so I can smoothly transition into summer mode!
2. We are not to waste our advice on a fool
05 Feed The Tree
I liked both recipes for marshmallows, but I think I prefer the Miette marshmallows for eating out of hand or roasting on the fire. For hot chocolate, I may prefer the Epicurious marshmallows. So maybe I should call these "Summer Marshmallows", and the other ones "Winter Marshmallows". Either way, try homemade marshmallows - they are delicious!
Descrição: In this lab, you will use Windows Server Backup to back up your critical data to Windows Azure. This lab will teach you the entire set of workflows around backing up and recovering your data to Windows Azure.
Image - Close to My Heart - I Believe
Wonderful.
Code:
Phone call from the edge #28
Thankfully Eastern Europe, the Indie space and selective developers in Japan still seem to be producing the kind of stuff that intrigues me. I’m not complaining, really, there’s still stuff out there. Just reflecting.
That should be the envy of most any man
I got home, took a long bath, and climbed to bed. I was almost asleep when Albert walked in with a smile and a swagger.
a house that he is willing to rent out.
But blogging is also one way for a person to improve his or her writing. If you want to be read widely and be considered a credible blogger, you will have to learn how to write effectively. This includes spelling correctly, following the mechanics of grammar, and developing your own style. For students, blogging makes for excellent writing practice (if they take it seriously, that is).
“He really was the opposite,” she said. “He had the first telephone in the White House. He also had the first typewriter in the White House. Thomas Edison came to the White House as well and displayed the phonograph. Photographing people who came to the White House and visited at dinners and receptions was also very important to him.”...
The barrel of the pen is, lamentably, decorated with a floral pattern that clearly is targeted towards female pen-users, something that never fails to annoy me. Speaking as a female pen-user, if a pen, notebook, or anything else is decorated with floral designs, then I am more likely to avoid it than buy it. (Unless it's a packet of flower seeds or a book on gardening, in which case I will understand.)
17) Wrap the pastry and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
I have independent confirmation from a Mr. Paul Lane, of Pentagon military intelligence – he was a part of the Men Who Stare At Goats group – that four nuclear weapons were stolen from the Russian submarine Kursk after it sank.
The story goes back and forth between the present and the past when his foster daughter lived with him and his wife. Melissa is a 15-yr.-old daughter of alcoholic parents who goes into foster care when her mom dies, leaving her all alone. She feels like she hit the jackpot when she first sees her new home that looks like a mansion and the two nice people, the Jacksons, who are taking her in. The church friends of the Jacksons are eager to meet her but she has very low self-esteem and doesn't think anyone would ever want to be her friend. All the main characters in this book, Jackson and his wife, Linda, her friend Joanne, and Melissa are all deceitful, but Melissa is the only one of them who does not profess to be a Christian.
14"x14" acrylic, heavy molding paste, photo copies and acrylic crayon, white gel pen.
Writing on the wall perhaps?
That's it to join in on the fun. How tough is that? I know you're thinking... "I don't want to stoop to that level. I don't want to get caught up in Frank L. Cole's propaganda. I don't want people to know I "like" him." Well... Free stuff, dudes! Nuff said.
So which glasses did she pick????
Frank misses his putt and ends up with a bogey. Al chips on and the ball scoots on by the hole. I came up short on my putt but left myself an easy tap in for a bogey. Al finally gets it in for a triple bogey.
Spiritually: for you to discover yourself spiritually, you have to walk intimately with your creator, in other to know the purpose you are created for, because he is the one that created you, he his also your manufacturer, or have you ever seen a manufacturer of any goods, who doesn’t know the functions of his product, and for you to know your purpose you must ask GOD, “just like a man who just bought a product, which he knows not its function, there will always be a users manual in the pack, but if not, he can still meet with the manufacturer to know how to operate the product he bought from his company”. Also, you must have the Holy Spirit, because, he will be your guidance and your protector throughout your journey with him and also through your lifetime.
Many of you read and commented on my last post where I had a fitty fit when S decided he was going to take a risk that I didn't feel was worth it. Well.... here is what happened...
He claims he lost partial hearing in one ear after being slapped by an -officer on his head when he demanded to know why they were raiding his premises.
Anyway, luckily they test them thoroughly because, if they didn't, do you know what might happen? Yes, you'd see a commercial on tv every five minutes for some law firm trying to get you to join their lawsuit against a drug maker. And do you have any IDEA know how irritating that would be? Oh ... wait..
It is in Ivy and Lucious,
Could you just keel over from the cute?!! Plus this little munchkin looks about Emmys size, so I know it would be comparably adorable. I think I would just purchase the black tee, already have black leggings, and use this pattern (below) that I already have to make the sheep body, sans sleeves and pocket!:﻿
Paint on buffet: Pewter, Benjamin Moore
Ugh. So I had such a bad coughing fit on my way to school on Monday that I decided to take the afternoon off and go see a doctor. I went to an Urgent Care and got in right away. The doctor listened to my back and chest and felt around my upper rib cage. He said that I have bronchitis and a broken rib. He wanted to know why I didn't come in when I had the bad cough. I guess I just figured it came along with my cold. Plus, who has time to go to the doctor for a cough? I know better now! He gave me a rx for antibiotics and some cough meds. He also sent me for a chest xray. He wanted to make sure my lungs were ok and he told me that the xray probably won't pick up the fracture.
will be exclusive to ISS.
And at 9ish, Captain America and I decided to play cards. We LOVE playing Rummy, but haven't played in a while. I remember now why. Because I always lose - ROFL!!!
terra-cotta-clad
The basics are, you bid. If you win, then I will tweet almost whatever you like – to promote it, advertise it or just have a funny tweet as my 20,000th.
I hope you enjoy it. Happy cooking x
- Credit card fraud penalty fees
Now, on to the winners of the Field Notes altered mini composition books...Drum roll please....
Corinne has been home with Baby G for a couple weeks now, and is getting to experience the social storm from every person in their life lining up to meet this new little light in her life. It's exciting to be around energy like this, big toothy smiles, and loud laughs, and that great silence. That silence that falls over a room when all eyes are fixed on this little tiny person discovering his new world and everyone zones out in awe of life. Corinne definitely has the new mom glow, and the connection these two had was unreal. Baby G is a calm cucumber and I am sure that came in handy on the 30 hour trip home. He has a great laugh, a sweet cry, and he looks you all the way through. I can't wait to see this kid grow up. He is so cool already.
I am a Steering Committee member of the Central Ohio Bed Bug Task Force (COBBTF) and an invited member of the Ohio Department of Health Bed Bug Work Group.
After having me get back on the treadmill to do some more testing, the guy I was working with came to this conclusion: While the shoe I had changed to was lighter, the heal was still relatively high and there wasn’t much arch support. By forcing myself to run on the balls of my feet, I was actually lifting my foot even higher to avoid heel strikes which was contributing to the occasional PF. I have to admit that on longer runs, I was starting to notice more that the bottoms of my feet would just start hurting after a time.
They're green actually. Did you know that all 6 of my kids have different colored eyes? Weird, huh?
And because this is a blog about books and you know that it wouldn't be Christmas for me without new books, I decided a couple of years ago to give myself a box of books every year. Through the autumn, I buy books that I want to read, and into the box they go. Even though I know the titles, I'm not allowed to read them, or to look at them once they're in the box. Just knowing that the latest Phil Rickman - The Secrets of Pain - in hardcover no less! -
b. God initiates change. Gal 5:16”Let the Spirit direct your lives and your will not satisfy the desires of human nature. Put God first in our lives Matt 6:33”Seek ye the Kingdom of God….” Phil 2:13 “For God is at work within you helping you to want to obey Him & their helping you to do what He wants.
And that isn’t fair. Mesdan regrets the words as soon as they come out, and bites back the rest of the sentence. He turns away, handing the leaf to her and heaving another sigh.
I may be able to get MY BFF from nursing school a position there.
181SE Brush: A small kabuki that is also great for foundation as well setting powder that is super fluffy and soft, yet full and dense.
forgetting why,remember how
In 1936, Connee’s sisters retired and Connee continued on as a solo artist (having also recorded solos during her years with the group).
People obviously want to know you…
Some awesome and amazing peeps on my thank you meter: Brad at Natural Edge Fitness, my rockin sister and partner, Maquinna, my little brother Josh who I don’t see enough but love even more, my son Noah for all the effort he’s been putting in, The extra helpful clerk at Save-On Foods, Sarah at Sarita Baby (you rock big time!) Norbert the Nightmare Nibbler for saving the day (Thx Susan!)
EMPLOYEE: (whispering) they told him he’d be fine, you know that? They’d already pushed him in once, then they did it again. Guess they wanted to finish the job. (begins laughing hysterically)
07 sandman
I promise I'll keep you posted.
after the completion of giving
Don’t make this job harder on yourself than it already is. If you’re going to query 500 agents at once then be ready to submit partials to 500 agents. If you only want to submit to 2, 5, or 10 at a time, that’s fine. It’s your choice. But then you should only query 2, 5, or 10 at a time.
And then one day, about 6 months later, we went out on a drive. I grew up in Essex, where one of the main forms of entertainment after the age of 17 is to go out for a drive, with the car crammed full of people, and my future hubby was a bit of a boy-racer. So I was squished in the back seat while we drove through the dark night (probably on the hunt for some food), and I couldn't stop staring at him. He was driving, so no chance of him catching me while I gazed at him!
Like they say,:When the going gets tough, only the tough can get going.
Can replace this feeling,
So maybe, just maybe, these changes are a good thing. Time will tell.
In May of 2002 Christians in South Africa gathered in 8 different venues for a Day of Repentance and Prayer. Again, the testimonies of church unity and the healing of communities inspired leaders to expand the vision into the rest of Africa. At a Summit in September 2002 leaders of 9 African countries agreed on the vision “Africa for Christ”.
Now I am home, I enjoy my time with my husband and kids but still wonder what it would be like with a baby. At 2 months Olivia should be laughing, cooing, pushing up. I try not to think about what I am missing out on, it will not bring her back and it does not make me feel better. The last few days have been unusually difficult. I cannot pinpoint what exactly is bothering me, not that I need to explain it away. My baby died and it sucks.
Ever since Kait Swanney could remember, the old crones of the village have been warning her to stay away from the selkies. They claim that like sirens of old, the seal men creep from the inky waters, shed their skins, and entice women to their deaths beneath the North Sea. But avoiding an encounter becomes impossible when Kait is spotted at the water’s edge, moments after the murder of a half-selkie infant.
We shared a few
I come in early because I am alive and energetic and eager to "do what needs to be done." I have little regard for those whose attitudes are bigger than their portfolios.
Painted this picture of our town.
EV2 - Truth Hurts - Who Needs Frieds / Boogie Street (March 1980)
The Lord is known by his acts of justice;
A chicken wired frame hangy, with the cutest little clothes pin.
After I finished Flourishes Design Team's Release Week's blog hop, I was faced with the undeniable - Christmas is only 3 months away and I haven't even started my cards! So I used this challenge to make a Christmas card, hoping that I would be motivated to get started on them...soon :)
So we're going to have to pull the plug on this one. All entrants' reading fees will be returned by PayPal within the next few business days, and again, my apologies.
2-08 Raise the Roses
The reason? The very track you can listen to right here, entitled ‘Lost & Found’. The moments those vintage piano notes ring out with that natural reverb, you know you’re on to something special, and then that voice kicks in. I’m at a loss for words to describe it and do it justice. Transcendental. It makes the hairs stand up on the back of my neck. When Lianne sings those words, you don’t hear them, you feel them. You feel her pain, her hurt, through the trembling quiver in her soft and soothing vocal melodies. It’s a rare quality to truly shake someone to the core with your voice, but this track nearly had me in tears, and I’ll have no shame in admitting that.
It's time for a Terrifically Thrilling Thursday at Shelly's Images. The featured set is "Key to My Heart." Make sure you stop by the store to pick this set up in time to make all of your love creations this Valentine's Day.
And I can’t do that on my own.
SIZE: 3 bedrooms, 3.5 bathrooms
enough money, either do not talk about it at all or only talk positively about
Kind of like what our class is doing! For those of you who enjoy blogging and want to continue blogging about sustainability after the class ends, Ecolutionist is always looking for writers and interns!
Both are looking for jobs.
The last 15 years have seen my odd couple living in harmony. It’s just one of the many reasons that I can’t get my head round the idea of having any other manager in charge. I don’t like Arsenal more now, but I remember when the team changed before everyone’s eyes in 96-97, and watching familiar players trap, pass and move like never before, I was thinking, “Yeah, I could get used to this!”
I recommend Blood Rights to Urban Fantasy fans that like plot twists and sexual tension that keeps you hanging on for the next installment in the series.
Love for your to join us!
My 83-year-old grandfather married his longtime sweetheart today. She is feisty, exuberant, loving and spry. She has a touch of dementia encroaching on her life, but his mind is sharp. She can still climb a chain link fence and he's made a habit of inconvenient falls. They balance beautifully. When my gruff grandfather, a classic belt-wielding dad and lifetime trucker, speaks about his new wife, he glows with admiration and respect. Pride. Love. And she does the same for him.
Specials Ghost town UK
It's been over thirty years since we lost the King of Rock and Roll. But in that time, we've lost even more as far as rock and roll itself is concerned.
On the front cover of the paperback of Shadow Child, the copy I own, it says – above the title, and in capital letters – THE INTERNATIONAL BESTSELLER which although accurate feels somehow wrong. Perhaps it’s just me but whenever I see things written in uppercase like that I hear the words being declaimed loudly: THE INTERNATIONAL BESTSELLER. The book has been translated into 15 languages and rightly so. If Shadow Child were a movie it would be being referred to as a blockbuster and yet if the book were filmed it would be no such thing. Because it deals with death. Which is strange because it seems we have no problem with death, death of a pretty huge scale in fact. In Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King the body count was 836! The Two Towers managed 468 with The Fellowship of the Ring lagging behind with a paltry 118. In fact if you check out the top 100 films as far as body counts go there isn’t one where less than 63 people die. We like to see people die. And if we’re not watching them die on the big screen we’re hunched over our TVs or computer monitors risking RSI as we end the lives of hundreds upon hundreds of whatever the latest game’s opponents are.
Mesdan is in Kesta’s quarters, with Eliss.
-- PDF Format
Seeing that it is National Scrapbooking Day we made this sketch to use for a layout, but we also know that alot of our participants don't do layouts and are more comfortable doing cards , so we are also accepting cards with this sketch..
Just for today, be kind to all living things
Do I blame my parents for this behavior? No.
We got a good van – which we inherited when John’s mom died. She got a little beat up when some bimbo made a right turn on red – right in front of me. But she’s a workhorse. A Plymouth Voyager – and me with my red hair, commanding Voyager – well – just call me Captain Janeway – as in STAR TREK VOYAGER. (go ahead schoolyard bully Joan/Chimp – ridicule me again for liking Star Trek – you’re only showing the world what a little brat you are).
The question isn’t will we stay up all night though is it? The question is are we ready am I are you? We know he is coming just when we think he is not. Oh Christian have we wronged someone or has someone wronged us? Go make it right. Is there a wall erected by you between you and God by the sin of commission or of omission? Go and by the power of the Holy Spirit tear down these walls one stone at a time. Repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. I am speaking to myself i promise.
Drudge has referenced an article from the LA Times regarding the possibility of a massive, perhaps global power outage caused by solar activity. Apparently those who study our sun predict a 12% chance of a colossal Coronal Mass Ejection (CME) sometime within the next decade. A CME occurs when
“When the Pope signs a decree ‘on the heroic virtues’ of a Servant of God – i.e., of a person for whom a cause for beatification has been introduced – he confirms the positive evaluation already voted by the Congregation for the Causes of Saints. … Naturally, such evaluation takes account of the circumstances in which the person lived, and hence it is necessary to examine the question from a historical standpoint, but the evaluation essentially concerns the witness of Christian life that the person showed (his intense relationship with God and continuous search for evangelical perfection) … and not the historical impact of all his operative decisions”.
So should we spend the rest of our short lives worrying that the end is nigh? I say absolutely not, even if the end really is near. Besides, I could die in a car wreck tomorrow but that possibility won’t stop me from going about my life.
So, musician or music lover, writer or book lover: rather wonderfully I seem to find myself living in a town full of fellow tribesmen.
I’m at a bit of a loss for this big project. I have a lot of ideas, and it’s hard for me to try to make it all make sense. But, I mean, does it reallyhave to make sense? Questions like this keep me up at night.
everything that has brought me here
ETA: Custom box just made this morning for the gift that goes with the middle card up above.
For years we were taught traditional theory of our Universe as ‘space’, a vacuum, inert, orderly with few surprises. It was forever expanding outward from a point of primeval Big Bang, controlled and geared by gravity (the weakest celestial force), full of black holes, with anomalous behavior in comets, meteorites and exploding galaxies explained as the work of anti-matter, ‘dark’ matter or, as in nuclear physics, attributed to ‘unknown’ factors such as quarks, charm, CERN‘s conjectural Higgs-Boson particle or the existence of the ‘weak force’, anti-gravity or String Theory’s multiple dimensions. While physicists had trouble proving their theories (many of the ‘forces’ and particles were hypothetical and had theoreticians predicting ‘mass-less’ entities and the ‘graviton’) they are now swinging to a view of the operation of the Universe via another mode of Being:
This revelation of the Holy Spirit will correct the portrayal of the crucifixion of Jesus on crucifixes that only one nail was used to nail His feet on the cross.
Our house, needs some help. Badly. I’ve read several sites on how to declutter and get organized and I’m actually slowly doing it myself! You should see how much stuff we’ve already given away and how many more boxes we still have to give away! I’ve found three things that are absolutely true in the times I’ve had to work at this.
Save $1.00 on Swiffer Dusters Starter Kit
That would be the Dewey Decimal System. The groups’ members were librarians. Or, in some cases, guybrarians. “He hates being called that,” said Sarah Murphy
The pizzas were so far my favorite pizzas I’ve had in Jakarta. Price wise, it’s about the average or I would say reasonable in Jakarta dining scene for expats. In terms of the restaurant location, it is centrally located in Jakarta, which makes it convenient for a lot of people. Luna Negra would be a great place for a date night or even girls night out as well. I imagine that during the week there are many business people going there as it is inside an office building in the Golden Triangle of Jakarta. I saw private rooms enclosed by glass walls where you can have business lunch or dinner or family gathering. My husband and I took our 6-year-old and 3-year-old daughters on a Sunday night and we felt comfortable. A very nice thing about Jakarta is that people are very friendly to children.
Without further ado, here's Lorelei...
Type:Puzzle,mystery
I am sure that Niueans are generally good sorts, but they do seem to have a bit of a problem with taste.
until apples begin to boil
2. Texas Ruby Red grapefruit, 6 for $1 at Newflower (through 11/3/10)
Dove Save $.75/1 Beauty Bar 6-bar pk+ excludes trial, travel, Men+Care (4/22)
In the same room on the same couch but not one word has been uttered,
The research sample used for this paper were people owning, working in, or present in one of the restaurants, bars or other forms of public space in Middelburgs centre. It included unstructured interviews of owners or visitors as well as observations collected during our stay. The locations visited for the study are listed below
It is not entirely clear whether the Sinn Fein chief, who had been interned in the early 1970s, was arrested after the meeting but he was not imprisoned and went on to become MP for West Belfast before entering the Dail this year as a Louth TD.
During one of Quinn's naps (in her own crib, thank goodness, though she only power naps for 30 min each time), I threw together an idea board for the guest bedroom. Why? Because it helps me to corral my ideas & see how they work collectively. I had told Mr. FC that all along I was envisioning a "Ralph Lauren aesthetic" (the Parisian flagship store is my favorite) for the guest bedroom. I don't know if I accomplished that but I managed to cobble a mix of styles & metals together: nautical/vintage/Colorado-ness & silver/pewter/aged brass.
I know it wasn't really my textbook chapter that caused the confusion--the other half of the class wrote very good analyses (again, at first glance). So, all I can figure is that the ones that didn't write the summary/analysis piece just didn't read the damn chapter.
Sam loves getting in mommy and daddy's bed in the morning to watch cartoons and this morning he COULD.NOT.WAIT for Blake to wake up because he wanted hold Blake and have the two of them watch cartoons together. Show of choice right now is Curious George-- I am so happy to have a break from Mickey Mouse Clubhouse since that is pretty much all we watched for over 5 months straight!
I went through Ancestry's card catalog for PA newspapers and listed the towns in which the newspapers were published. Towns may have more than one newspaper cataloged on Ancestry, and the papers vary by date.
5. Some writers relate take great inspiration from music while they’re writing. Do you listen to music while you’re writing? If so, what artists/bands do you like to listen to while you write?
Why sign my name? We know who I am! The whole world knows who I am!
02 - Wild In The Streets
“A non-physician cannot hire a physician to be a physician except in very limited exceptions,” Bollinger’s motion said. “None of those circumstances or exceptions apply to the claimed relationship between the Commissioner's Court and the Harris County Medical Examiner.”
Can you believe that?
When each half-hour show starts, we hear the title song ‘I’ll Be There For You’ which is a really catchy tune. Love and friendship are the themes of the sitcom. In fact, although they might bicker with each other over some things, all six of them are wonderful friends to one another.
Stylo Yeux Waterproof Long Lasting Eyeliner in Ebène
Mubarak said Egypt would reject "any new assault on the people of Gaza," Nile TV said. Two years ago, an Israeli incursion into Gaza killed more than 1,400 Palestinians, accoding to Gaza officials.
um.. i’m going to shut up now before wordpress decides to ‘terminate’ my account.
At high-downforce tracks, some teams make use of a loophole in the rules to add a narrow 15cm slot in the middle of the wing. But having such a narrow exit behind the wing, the effect of the slot is limited.
The final battle scene was the most difficult. It was hard because I never take the loss of a character easy and goodbyes are never fun. I hope that isn’t a spoiler.
Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.
"ULLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
P urple sweet potato chiffon cake has been on my 'wanted' list for a long, long time. I adapted the recipe from 'Do what I like' but tweaked it a bit to suit my 23 cm chiffon cake pan. I was delighted to be rewarded with a pinkish purplish cake with bits of potato cubes that didn't sink to the bottom!
Since we tanned pretty easy and we were poor... as in po'.... we couldn't buy the expensive tanning lotions that smelled like coconut (hello hawaiian tropics - I would wear that as perfume if I could!!!) no, no we had to improvise.... only now that I look back at what all we did, does it seem really, really ridiculous.... especially since I was out in the backyard today tanning.... sorry Sharla.... watching the boys play in the water when I decided I needed some sort of oil to really get me good and tan so I asked Scout to get me the canola oil out of the pantry and when I did... he stood there for half a second and stared at me like I had spoken swahili.... then and only then did I realize... I have a little problem.... When my sister and I were in our prime tanning years, we would get baby oil and put iodine in it for a really nice tan - anyone know where that came from? If someone is reading this and knows the origin of the baby oil, iodine concoction, I would love to know! We also used crisco, laid on aluminum foil, pooled money together and went in for a baby pool to lay in so it was like we were at the pool, (because everyone knew that the reflection of the water off your skin was necessary for optimum skin damage...) we did the sprinkler with the lawn chairs, you name it we tried it...
Work: most effective means to improve well-being of individuals, their families and their communities
Very positive and uplifting. And here is my synopsis of the death of this bill:
D. L. Jackson is a writer of urban fantasy, science fiction, military romance and erotic romance. She loves to incorporate crazy plot twists, comedy and the unexpected into her worlds. As a U.S. Army veteran, she naturally adores men in uniform and feels the world could always use more. She does her part by incorporating as many sexy soldiers in her novels as she can. When she isn't writing or running the roads, you can often find her online chatting with her peers and readers. Grab a cup of iced coffee, pull up your virtual chair and say hi. She loves emails and blog visits
“’sup, Col?” The voice was sweet and a little husky, like honey over a spoonful of cornflakes.
The juxtaposes are supposed to raise important questions about the nature of Imperialism and what it does to both the oppressed and the oppressors.
But there are lots of other things I do buy at Costco. And the beauty of it is it all fits in their ginormous shopping carts.
Distraught and disconnected!
Because we were not helpless children, we were trusted to be home without a baby sitter. Because our parents didn’t want us to be lazy, or messy, we kept up the house. And our punishments-when we were outrageous, as we often were-involved a complete loss of all recreational devices. TV cords, computer keyboards, books, toys, all removed, sometimes permanently, depending on value.
Mail/Express trains.
On the whole, discussions were friendly and I always felt it certain that the BBC would eventually allow me to wear my spats with a sequined cummerbund. In the end, negotiations broke down when could not agree to my reasonable demand that a duck should be waiting for me in my dressing room at the start of each show. Nor would they allow me to partner Melinda Messenger in the naked Bolivian Tango. Suggestions that I wanted a rigged phone vote are as scurrilous and unfounded as the suggestions in some print media that negotiations ended when I made a joke about a toupee. I didn’t say toupee but tepee, Polish not polish, and Dusty Lee not Brucie.
I diecut the letters from a blue sheet of Core'dinations whitewash cardstock using old Lollipop Sizzix dies. Then I dabbed on some Lindy's Tibetan Poppy Teal mist. (I purchased alot of my Lindy's mists with dabber caps rather than spray caps, I love them, so much neater and not as much waste.) The pearls are from the April KOM also. The quotes are from a set of vellum stickers that I've had for years, no idea who the mfg was but I'm sure they came from Hobby Lobby.
3.) (May 1) “I’m really tired of people suggesting that you’re somehow un-American if you don’t respect the presumption of innocence, because you know what that sounds like to a victim? Presumption you’re a liar.”
First of all – I don’t get enough sleep, and I haven’t in years. Recent research shows that there is a direct link between lack of sleep and weight issues. Apparently, there are two hormones affected by lack of sleep – ghrelin and leptin. When you don’t get adequate sleep, ghrelin levels go up which stimulates your appetite and leptin levels drop making it very difficult to feel satisfied after eating. It’s a double whammy that can make you crave high calorie carbohydrates far more than if you had gotten those 7 hours of sleep most of us need. According to the Harvard Health Publication, chronic sleep deprivation leads to all sorts of problems: high blood pressure, insulin resistance, learning and memory issues, mood issues, increased risk of heart disease, and higher rates of disease. (Adequate sleep may even fight off cancer.)
How can I interpret research findings and apply them to my children or students?
They must have been expecting her. I opened the trunk and took the small suitcase to the door. The woman was already seated in a wheelchair.
Prestigious brand names and fashion products that you like and have discovered in shops are on Private Outlet at tremendous prices, for your eyes only!
10:36 a.m. — Added toasted oats to crushed grains.
to bloom up from the dust.
Seriously?
6/16 Salt Lake City, UT - Kilby Court
As promised! Our Poll for Episode 15 is up!
I then started peeling the bark off all the branches.
We have the travel size version of this and strapped it to the side of her Rock N Play sleeper. I don't know if the white noise actually helps her sleep, but I like to think that at the very least it helps set up a routine for her day versus night sleep.
I don't think I've actually gone into detail about my tea consumption so today is your lucky day! Or not.
She’s been Slated.
"Both the Belgian find and the Siberian find are domesticated species based on morphological characteristics," said Greg Hodgins, a researcher at the University of Arizona's Accelerator Mass Spectrometry Laboratory and co-author of the study that reports the find.
It's always mixed emotions, feelings, thoughts, and beliefs when it comes to being in her house - it's been a struggle to get back into the swing of us, since getting back late Monday night. We feel even less like ourselves as usual, but knowing it is once again temporary helps. We will be returning to Europe the first week in August (more to come soon on that).
My card today
At the end of August, I entered the final phase of a chapter of my life; the chapter of being a University/ College student. Even during the summer before I entered this phase, I was having difficulties conveying my feelings. The only way I know how to truly release my frustrations and feelings is through listening and relating to music and this blog. So, today I wanted to discuss some songs that have inspired and moved me recently, most of them being Tegomassu songs.
They say absence makes the heart grow fonder. They knew what they were talking about. December pretty much resembled November. We spoke only a few times that month. I tried to be a little stronger, by controlling my impulses of texting and calling. It worked quite well until he’d reach out. It was all I needed; that opening.
We're fortunate that we can roll our eyes at that. The US does not have the number of starving children one might find in a developing nation, but we do have a shockingly high number of food insecure children. That is, children who do not eat three meals a day, children who might not even eat three meals a weekend.
There is more but blogger.com is being so painfully slow rght now uploading my photos...it's killing me!! will try again later!!
22. The neighbor (half a mile away) has a rooster. He crows around 5.30 a.m. When he crows, the pet geese yell at him. When the geese yell at him, the dog that said neighbor just let out before they go to work barks frantically at the damn geese. Every time the dog barks frantically at the damn geese, the pet turkey gobbles. It’s a vicious cycle.
anyone who has Evernote (everyone) has always wanted Evernote integration on their favorite dive weather it’s iOS or android but if XBOX has it first that’s a game changer.
"Button" sentiment: Kraftin' Kimmie
Bake approximately one hour, stirring every twenty minutes until cider has cooked down to a glaze and potatoes are easily pierced with a fork.
That makes it important for an investor to check a perpetual issuer’s dividend payout record.
“Make them curious, for example.”
Another obvious counter is that religious freedom grants members of religious institutions the moral right to practice their faith. Because of specific doctrines, certain faiths have practices that blatantly violate the anti-discrimination laws, but these must be tolerated on the basis of said freedom.
Next we tried smoking the fish using corn husks and tea leaves and it worked wonders!!
Apparently Ben should have too. Later on, I saw him wince and asked what was wrong. Jellyfish. Good thing he was an oceanfront lifeguard previously so he knew how to treat it. And good thing I picked up some vinegar on our last grocery trip!
Have a great week friends.
But I literally cannot afford to give in to that despair, especially not now.
To spice the night’s ritual
Martin Cannon, Mind Control and the American Government, Prevailing Winds Research, 1994, p. 19
2-Sentiment Stamps (They Coordinate with the New Vintage Winter Paper Pad)
1382 **D-IV/23/2001. “Statesmanship and Constitutional Law: On the Dragons Among Us.” Constitutional Law Course, The School of Law, Loyola University, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(1), above, pp. 546-51.).
The author adds this quote which I find very interesting:
Here ya go, dear! A good, round, 15 different versions — from the man who wrote it, Curtis Mayfield (with The Impressions), to good ol’ Lester Chambers along with his brothers on through to Ziggy Marley and U2. Sing away, Amy! Just don’t try to sound like Rod Stewart, okay?
Title: My Soul to Take (Soul Screamers #1)
Our breakfast was served early so when we finished we decided to swim once more before heading back. It was one of the coolest experience for we were like kids enjoying the water and the waves.
Somehow making the apple cider yourself makes it taste AH-Mazing! Our cider dude was super nice and had a sarcastic sense of humor. He told me he hadn’t seen anyone crank the apple cider mill as fast before, other than the 7 year old girl that came last week. LOL damm!!! While we didn’t get apples that we picked ourselves, we did hit the general store for an apple turnover, some apple butter, pumpkin butter and cinnamon apple jelly.
Best of all, I have a community of people surrounding me who are also working on eating better food, moving their bodies more, and enjoying an adventurous array of foods. Special thanks to my dinner companions from the Friday night demonstration- our host Mary, and our friends Anita, Ashli, Gail, and Victoria. Special thanks to the women in my "Eat Smart, Move More!" group. Having a group of people who want to share their struggles, successes, tips, recipes and who want to support others on this journey is a very important part of my success. Special thanks to my friend Garret who included me in a group he formed on Facebook for people doing Weight Watchers.
Lately I have been a bit preoccupied. I googled how many days until I graduate on May 11th and I said a swear word preceded by holy mother. And I never swear out loud. One time I got so mad at my sister during a fight when we were teenagers that I told her stop acting like a Beatrice (that's our word for you know what) and both of my sisters burst out laugh-crying for like 30 minutes. I still haven't lived that one down.
About a week ago I mentioned a digital art project :trying out different ideas using computer generated art and photo editing packages. There are all sorts of programs available t try out and everyone can create something something different or unusual. Digital art offers a range of different ideas, some of which are more inclusive than others, but it’s truly a ‘something for everyone’ area of ICT.
Among the many,
*Disclaimer: this doesn’t count for existing relationships.
a future when so many
She was having a bad day at school so I thought I’d cheer her up by making this for her when she got home. It started off ok until my friend, who was here refinishing my wood floors, distracted me and I accidentally browned the bacon and onions too much. Instead of scrapping it, I continued with the process then made him taste it for me (I cook by smell and sight when cooking with seafood and it smelled ok so I think he was safe!). He said it was actually really good and liked the flavor the overcooked bacon and onions gave it, so that's how my regular clam chowder became caramelized bacon and onion clam chowder (that and as you can tell from the picture it's on the tan side vs. white). I also had my in-laws test it out too, and it got a "good" from my father in-law, which in his language means, "you
On stolen time
-Stuff the chicken with the stuffing prepared and tie the wings and legs of chicken using a cooking twine so that the chicken holds together.(Don't over fill the chicken stuffing)
Its coffee, not my friend. Except when I’m hungover.
Perhaps it’s my own literalist baggage, but I still struggle with exactly how much leeway God gave the Old Testament authors, whomever they were. After all, this is God’s Word, right? “God-breathed and useful,” according to the author of 2 Timothy.
There was an incident earlier in which a person was hit by a train at Bedford station.
It is a question she wrestles with every day.
Rotisserie chicken, charcoal baked potatoes and swedes, ratatoullie and garlic bread, all cooked over one decent batch of lumpwood charcoal. My current theme is to do as much as possible with the fire so I'm not forever dashing back and forwards from the kitchen. In this case, everything (except the salads of course) was prepared over one fire.
Turn up the intensity knob a tad and get into the running drills actively! Followed by:
It is trial and error for some of us as I found what sells in my Etsy shop is different than what mainly sells in person. I also quit thinking I only had to sell one of a kind pieces, once I started repeating certain styles, maybe in different colors too, I started selling more. I am in this business full time, it’s my job so this has worked great for me. I also do custom pieces which can be fun and gets me somewhat out of a “style” rut.
The world now knows, I'm engaged! You've seen the pics, you've watched the video and probably saw the ring... If you havent', here's the story.
Ready, ready, do the father
In celebration of Michael Kluckner’s new book – Vanishing Vancouver: The Last 25 Years - I asked him to send along an excerpt. Here he provides an overview on how the small apartment building has changed over the years – in design and price:
My story = “What Sekhmet Keeps” by J.D. Revezzo
Next was the Secretary of State. I needed an apostil for our marriage certificate so I could later attain a residence permit in Germany. I laid out all of my information and documentation just as before. The clerk was very receptive, but I failed in one task: the envelope. I had brought in a stamped, self-addressed envelope, but it wasn’t large enough. My bureaucratic euphoria visibly began to dissipate. The clerk took pity on me and gave me an envelope to address and even told me they’d take care of the postage. Whew!
And now to the book: There are fourteen different topics covered, in more-or-less chronological order, from “Fort Willow and the Nine Mile Portage,” c.1812, to “The Briars Resort and Spa, 1977.[2] Fort Willow was a revelation to me. I am well acquainted with the official version of the 1812 war, of course, but not the part that gravitated north to Georgian Bay. So for day-trippers this fort may make an interesting outing—see Secrets of Lake Simcoe for the location.
Jennifer Roback Morse is one of my favorite writers on family issues, because she is just so positive about men and the roles that men play in the family, and the challenges that men face while performing those roles.
Chassis / engine: FW34-01 / RS27-5341/1
6. Crumble bacon over the sprouts and serve.
Today we'll talk about the diamonds. Once again I printed them out via Incompetech. Sized to fit the hexagons makes the long side 2.75" and the width 2 3/8". The diamonds are pretty easy to rotary cut from strips.
The fact that the second movie fell short does not matter as much to me as the heavy-handed story line. We're presently with character after character that are simply not real people. And they're not real people in the sense that no one actually acts like the people they are trying to represent, not in the typical movie way in which the characters are overblown representations of reality. Except for maybe a few people, the guys on top at the companies involved in the financial meltdown were nerds. These are guys that went through business school hoping to get ahead, and when they happened to see their shot they took it. Smart guys all, but not smart enough to see the *collapse* at the end of the tunnel.
Next big events are, of course, Glitter Guild Fundraiser and Geekgasm. Check back to learn more about the programming for those events. Sneak Preview: If you like this song, you’re gonna want to be there.
ABBREVIATIONS FOR INSTRUCTIONS:
All because my love is true
All the topsy-turvyness of Alice's world is represented, Escher-like in a dimension-defying landscape populated by Cheshire cats and Duchesses, playing cards and piglets, white rabbits and hatted madmen, marmalade jars and dormice ...
I regret feeling as if my feelings and opinions are invalidated.
“Published in the March 10 issue of the Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons, the data show since mercury was removed from childhood vaccines, the reported rates of autism and other neurological disorders in children not only stopped increasing but actually dropped sharply – by as much as 35 percent. Using the government’s own databases, independent researchers analyzed reports of childhood neurological disorders, including autism, before and after removal of mercury-based preservatives.
c. Pause briefly to reflect upon the task at hand (legal triage style) while considering what/who will need to be involved, what needs to be done now vs. later and how you will take this task down full fury.
Kago Ai’s agency demands 100 million yen in damages Oricon reveals the result of monthly chart for November AKB48 to release their first glasses-themed photo book Goto Maki holds her last live concert before hiatus Drama Prime Time Report – December 2nd~4th SKE48 and Heisei Nobushi Kobushi to start their internet TV program AKB48’s Iwasa Misaki to make her solo debut as Enka singer AKB48’s “Ue Kara Mariko” poster takes over Shibuya Station Dream Morning Musume’s Nakazawa Yuko to get married next spring?
He called back the next day to say how hard this was. I explained it was only hard because he had not done this before. Once he gets comfortable with visualizing it won’t be so hard. He agreed to stay with it. I am curious to see how this turns out for him as my experience is once you can see your vision of success in your mind’s eye everything starts to change.
Obama: "The fact of the matter is I think if you look at my track record, I'm raising a family here. When we travel, we got to travel through Secret Service—and Air Force One, that's not my choice. I think most folks understand how hard I work and how hard this administration is working on behalf of the American people."
Abby crossed her blades, and when the monster was near enough, she used them like scissors to cut through its skinny neck. The grotesque face fell to the right, but from within the ragged black robes, a second beast kept coming at her. It was like an obscene version of Russian nesting dolls.
The bedraggled kitten mewled pathetically and Henna attempted to rub it dry with her long skirt, making small comforting noises to the poor thing.
With Black & Dark Brown: Legs (make 4)
We had drinks for our first date. He was great – tall, smart, and very laid back.
The other day a good friend referred in passing to modern Israel as an "apartheid state". That piqued my curiosity. I have heard this before. Former president Jimmy Carter even wrote a book called "Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid". So what is an apartheid state? I decided to do some googling. Lo and behold there was much more to read than a busy reformed pastor can afford to spend his time on. One thing is sure enough though: Labeling Israel as an apartheid state amounts to political blasphemy of the worst kind. for Israel's friends at least. In fact, there hardly is a worse stigma in the world today, than the stigma of apartheid.
A tanaga is a short poem of four lines, each line seven syllables with a single rhyme. Today, other rhyme schemes are used, including freestyle rhyme, but for the purpose of this exercise, let's try to stick with couplets.
the sun is for all practical purposes the god,master and absolute lord of the solar system.
Sometimes seeing what's going on in the neighborhood can get a little dicey. Like today, when I saw the man diagonally across the street cleaning out flowerbeds and doing other work around the outside of his family's house. I was sitting in a comfy chair reading a book just for the fun of it. I kept looking up from time to time, thinking that he was making me look bad. I worried that if Husband saw it, he'd want me to put down my book and do yard work instead. Then I decided that maybe Neighbor was making Husband look bad--after all, maybe Neighbor's wife was off somewhere reading too. So I kept reading. Their flowerbeds are cleared and ready for spring. Ours are still littered plant remains from fall.
30th); 2005 HEDGEHUNTER (WON); 2006 Hedgehunter (2nd); 2007 Hedgehunter (9th), Homer Wells (PU bef 22nd), Bothar Na (PU bef 29th), Livingstonebramble (UR 6th); 2008 Snowy Morning (3rd), Hedgehunter (13th); 2009 Snowy Morning (9th), Irish Invader (11th); 2010 Snowy Morning (6th), Arbor Supreme (UR 15th); The Midnight Club (6th), Dooney’s Gate (Fell 6th), Arbor Supreme (Fell 28th)
Today she told me last night the monitor went off, because her heart rate kept dropping real low, they had to keep rotating her and making her talk. This part scares me, in fact yesterday the heart dr told her she could have a stroke within a year if her blood pressure doesn't get under control. We already knew this since her stroke was so large and affected so much of her brain, that she is more likely to have another one, she has to many risk factors against her. So this is just something else to make me worry more while we are gone next week.
These questions come from a good place – people want you to be happy and they assume that you aren’t at optimal happiness unless you have accomplished whatever task they are inquiring about; kids, marriage, house,new job, etc. In think as a society we are so fixated on planning that we often forget to live in the “now” and we miss out on all the great day-to-day experiences that make life colourful.
Those are just some of my quick thoughts. I’m definitely looking forward to this film, the trailer has left me ecstatic beyond belief, and I’m looking forward to The Avengers even more just to see this trailer on the big screen.
Compulsion is Kymberlee Burks-Miller’s debut novel. Her story enchanted me from the first page, I came to love Lilyann and her remarkable courage. Mason is an enigma that unfolds throughout the book, and with each turn of the page another secret is revealed.
I'm so sorry for my lack of diligence T___T I guess I could just never bring myself to write about anything. I have been updating my personal blog a lot more often though -- so if you want to read my useless nonsense, please visit: http://xxshinrai.blogspot.com
“She had my truck.”
Rows 23 to 27: Knit
What does point 3 mean? When I was unpublished, I thought I would learn the “right way” to plot, and that would be it—that is, I’d plot each book the same way. I took ski lessons from an instructor who described acquiring skiing skills as having a quiver of arrows. You draw out the appropriate arrow for the situation you encounter—powder snow, ice, etc. I realized I used a “quiver of arrows” approach to plotting. So what’s in my quiver?
Anwaar: What?
In a previous post, I spoke of my comma usage in the work. I suppose I could go through and rethink all the commas, but in the end I’m not sure it’s worth it; a publisher who also has a prejudice against prologues might want me to get rid of the entire piece. It is a true prologue in that the events take place thirty-five years before the present day action, but it has a major fault: I introduce a character who does not appear again in person, only as the subject of conversation. Since I do the same thing in the first chapter, I could be creating confusion about whose story this is.
Nice.
I’m neither painful nor lonely
When some local children roll a tractor tyre down a hole, it sets off an unexploded bomb still left more than from the 2nd World War in Miramont Gardens in the Pimlico district of London. The explosion reveals a buried cellar containing artwork, coins, jewellery and an historical parchment document. Professor Hatton-Jones (Margaret Rutherford) authenticates it as a royal charter of Edward IV that ceded the house and its estates to Charles VII (“the Rash”), the last Duke of Burgundy, when he sought refuge there several centuries in the past soon after being presumed dead at the Battle of Nancy. Because the charter had never been revoked, Pimlico is legally portion of Burgundy. Nearby policeman P.Do. Spiller (Philip Stainton) is shocked to grasp, “Blimey! I’m a foreigner!”
Tell us why you claim this is not genocide?
Since then, the campaign has continued its early success, raising awareness of the impact of pregnancy/infant loss and raising vital support funds. Events have featured in the national and regional media, with wide coverage on TV, in the press and on the major parenting websites. Central and regional services of remembrance form an emotional highlight of each Awareness Week.
Besides, I need to focus and I'm honing in on finishing the Kimballs. Here's what I still need:
Pet Friendly Family Portraits by ... James Morrissey
My heart to joy at the same tone —
In short, it is a whole mess, and I am not quite sure whether it is a good idea that I am still subscribing, or I should just abandon the bouquet they are offering.
From now til haying begins in June Daryl will be incorporating farming amongst his trucking.
Word of advice to those trying to make macarons for the first time, read the mac bible mentioned above and Meeta's notes on the same and you should be good to go. If you don't find feet, that's fine too. Just sandwich them anyway and give it to your husband saying its this awesome new dessert that you came up with. Mine would believe it in a second and so I wasn't too concerned about the "omg who will eat these feetless things' part of it. Pics are not that great cos after I was done with the whole episode, it was about 3pm and there was very little light. I was also in no mood to make it presentable, and hence the gloomy pics.
“. . . Dr. Bob advocated that members stay in dry places whenever possible. ‘You don’t ask the Lord not to lead you into temptation, then turn around and walk right into it,’ he said.” DR. BOB and the Good Oldtimers, page 281.
6) I've promised myself not to accumulate or buy any new or unnecessary craft supplies until I've depleted my current supply (seriously, I could open up my own shop tomorrow)
Going live at 12:00AM PST.
First off is a card that I created using some scraps from a Studio Calico kit insert, some KI Memories tape and some little pieces from the Crate Paper Pretty Party collection.
1 humoring
The two retrogrades are coming to an end that have been largely responsible for the every-which-way-but-forward drag we’re been experiencing. Their final days have the effect of brakes ever so slowly halting a train as it pulls into the station.
Continuing to count as March rolls on...
1.Preheat the oven at 350F. Grease a 9 inch round cake tin. Line the bottom of the pan with parchment paper. Grease the parchment , dust the sides of the pan and parchment with flour. Spread the walnuts in a single layer on a baking sheet and toast until fragrant, 8-10 minutes. Let cool completely.
I think of the everyday Parisian who lives, works and breathes
It Just Is / Vavona Burr / Valedictory Songs / What Did for the Dinosaurs
The four grey oxen
Genital Not a Jew
The Groundhog Day festivities on February 2, 1992 were joined by Bill Murray studying for his role in the movie. Then, Columbia Pictures set out to recreate the Punxsutawney Groundhog Day down to the smallest detail. There were, however, many changes made.
Ferris – Zoning Envelope Studies 1922, commissioned by Corbett to illustrate the architectural consequences of the new zoning law. These four drawings would later be used in his 1929 book “The Metropolis of Tomorrow”. The design process is envisioned as subtraction from a virtual mass.
Down on the shore it wasn’t at all peaceful, because there was a crab who insisted on making everybody aware that they were his neighbours, not the other way round. He clattered away from the very start of the day until the sun disappeared, and often through the night as well (he had trouble sleeping – his legs were plagued by the most dreadful cramps).
2 tsp caster sugar
Article 98
So, to illustrate, I will introduce them to you by photo. These are photos from a week ago, so they look pretty different now, but I’m disorganized, so deal with it.
In my next 40 years...
rising through the pantry.
Source: shawol_indo
No internet atm, well, limited. Sky take aaaaaaggggees to get it sorted, I've been using this dongle for now. Hope to get online this week.
Anyway, I'm sometimes reluctant to post short comics, but I should probably get over that because I love to draw them and it gives you guys something to read while I'm working on the longer comics. Oh, and you may have noticed that I changed my banner, sidebar and buttons. At first I just wanted to mess with the post column width so that three-panel comics like this one would fit, but I got carried away.
I am also very grateful to the paramedics, San Francisco General Hospital and Trauma Recovery Center, Kaiser Permanente and to the San Francisco Police detectives who all have helped me to recover and feel safer and less anxious about going out when it gets dark. Thank you so much for everything you have done for me.
Then we topped it off with a Mother's Day dinner! My husband and the kids took me out tonight since hubby has to fly out tomorrow afternoon. The kids all gave me their crafts and cards they made at school. I love the questionnaires they do...According to Paige, I am funny because I do funny dances (ummm-- they weren't meant to be funny), and Charlie thinks I am smart because I know division. And Anna made me an adorable bracelet that I will be wearing proudly to church tomorrow =)
Tidy and cursed in my dove cooed room
Today, we have no classes. When I came to our building (Hall for Regional Innovation), everyone seems so busy. Everyone is running their own errands. Then, I found out that today, Sir Mike and Sir Robin from Grand Hyatt Singapore came to interview seniors from the Hotel department. We had an opportunity to have a short talk with them when Professor Anh invited us to join their conversation. It was really nice meeting them. It was a blessing that we don’t have class and we don’t have anything to do. I haven’t been in an interview so I am clueless to what usually happens during an interview. And i know that after my 2 semesters here in Jeonju, I will go back to Philippines and also have my own interview for my internship.:) It’s really making me nervous.
One of my coworkers saw something on etsy, and wondered if I might be able to recreate it, since she needed it sooner than the two weeks the seller had listed in her shop. And while I wasn't sure that I could do quite as good of a job, I told her I would give it my best shot. And I have to say...I was pretty happy with the final product!
Cut the metal. We used a disc cutter to cut three sets of disks from the scrap metals. We cut two 1-inch disks from copper, two 7/8-inch from brass and two 3/4-inch from sterling silver.
mother who has
He is doing okay for the time being.
It is reported today, that the Public Investment Corporation - an investment manager for state institutions - has bought R17 billion in SANRAL bonds. 89% of this investment is made-up of the Government Employees Pension Funds.
and it was nice to have the company
My co-worker asked me to hook him up with some books. (Yes, you read that right - HIM.) I am going to try to get some of different sub-genres and see what he thinks. But regardless, I know that these talented authors are there to provide entertainment for people who want to do more than stare at the television, but don't want to be depressed while doing it.
The show ended with everyone brawling.
I’m a natural!
This was such a fun cake to make. And it tasted really great. Let me tell you, all of the little cousins loved how much candy there was!
SBGI – Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.
Erin
8.) You feel that The Secret Museum has given added purpose and renewed vitality to
26. An ad for Psoriasis cream
Rock Seen captures the visual beauty and integrity of a precious scene before MTV and corporate greed irrevocably cheapened and distorted it.
Small bowl of water
When did they?
When your partner shares something with you make sure you don’t interrupt until he’s finished speaking. If you can’t remember your questions or things you want to respond to then grab a pad and pencil or use your cell phone to write it down. Try to be fully engaged and let go of any of your own agendas. Really listen and be empathic or encouraging, whatever is appropriate to the situation. That’s it!
If routine is a small part of our work, then its possible for it to become a welcome part of our day and increase productivity. It then leaves space for us to consider and do work that creates more meaning and energy for us. There are ways and means to achieve this and its just as easy as creating a shift in perceiving it and making use of it to our advantage.
Q: How long have you been a Superfine Dinette?
A natural progression after checking out the Vetch Field would be to take an energetic walk uphill to The Liberty Stadium which is the current home to The Ospreys as well as Swansea City AFC. The Liberty Stadium or Stadiwm Liberty as the locals call it, is in nearby Morfa, seats 20,532, cost 27 million quid to build and was made by Geordies. It's efficient, durable and above all else, soul-less which seems to be a prerequisite of every new stadium development. I'm sure the Swans' local rivals at Ashton Gate aren't in the least bit jealous.
I woke up thinking about this and could not go back to sleep so rather than fight it, I got up and decided to go for a run to clear my head.
Out between the granite jambs, gallops the hooded
I might have found out what it's like to attend boot camp with too little sleep, but I attended, and I survived. In my book, and maybe even Chad's, that's what counts.
When people express the standard miscarriage sentiments of "These things happen for a reason." or "This is God/Nature's way of weeding out the sick and the unhealthy ones." or "It's all for the best." or "You can always have more kids." It cuts mothers of the unborn to the core. Think of how cruel it would be to say any of those things to the mother of a 6 year old who had died of leukemia. You wouldn't, because that would be horrid. I can tell you that the mother of an unborn child, lost at any stage in pregnancy, feels just as much that she is a mother and that was her child as the mother of a child of any age. So telling her that her baby was just a malformed, sick affront to evolution that is better off dead is not helpful, comforting, or kind. Don't say it or anything that makes it seem like this was supposed to happen. Because even though we know it's true, and that if something was terribly wrong it probably is better that the baby died early, the idea that there was something so wrong with our child that it couldn't even live is frightening, upsetting, and awful. And none of it takes away the fact that we lost a child. We didn't lose a fetus, we lost our baby, it died. It will never be in our belly or arms again. We won't get to meet it or see it or hold it and play with it. We can't watch it grow up. It's gone and dead, which is tragic and intensely painful.
Now the challenge this week is a super easy one that anyone can join in - It literally is 'Anything Goes'!! Ooooh don't you just love challenges like that were you don't have to stick to a theme etc... So we look forward to seeing lots of entries again..... it's fascinating to see so many different styles and techniques..
Most of the Japanese works featured oversized phalluses, while a fair number of the Chinese pieces depicted threesomes. No comment eh. I can’t verify the translations here, but these are said to be descriptions of genitalia from Chinese literature:
MANNY: On fire!!!!!
Tolling for the rebel, tolling for the rake
Due to the ongoing KBS labor union strikes and lack of original episodes, KBS was forced to air older episodes (even airing episodes from 2007) as well as highlight reels. This week’s “special” faced extremely low ratings, mostly caused by the lack of new material.
ohhh i love clogs! i was hoping to find the perfect pair from stockholm two weeks ago, with no luck. but i'm going back in a couple of weeks, and so the search continues..
Mary Freeman, Seminole Campus, is a May 2012 graduate. During her time in the Early College program, Freeman has been an active member of Phi Theta Kappa, Student Government, Future Healthcare Professionals, as well as the Spanish Club.
The period of times for the internship hours and total duration are flexible. We are interested in working with eager individuals who enjoy working both as a team and independently. We are looking for someone who is passionate about public relations and social services and who is outgoing, eager to learn, and can bring a fresh perspective on the event planning and advertising aspects of a non-profit organization. Background preferred in any of the following: Public Relations/Communications/Non-Profit Management/Volunteer Management
70. Choked on something you're not supposed to eat? - I often choke on inhaled things that I'm allergic to, like cleaner fumes, paint fumes, fragrance, smoke, mold spores in the air, etc., etc. It always catches me by surprise, too - there I am, walking along, minding my own business, breathing away, and then BAM! Cough attack. Makes regular life that much more exciting.
Going into this past weekend, I honestly had no idea what to expect. After going through such difficult training to work on the cruise ship, I thought that I could make it through just about anything. But after talking with a couple of people who are way more experienced than me in the fitness industry and actually have Body Pump certifications, they made it sound like the weekend was going to be the toughest thing that I had ever done in my life, the trainers would eat me alive, and I would be lucky if I scraped by with a “Pass Withheld” meaning I would have to do a little extra training before I could send in my video.
We are so pleased with how this turned out. It added such brightness to the room and it took the coziness level up a notch. We all feel like we are in a beautiful beach house (even in the dead of winter) which is where my family always dreams of being.
Me (putting the basil back on the table): "OK, I won't buy it then."
With the initial ‘system’ taking 8 hours to apply, I was looking at a minimum starting point of £1500. And this bad boy requires up keep. As your hair grows the mesh starts to come loose, so it needs to be altered every 6-8 weeks… a regular outlay of £200-£300. Wowsers. I may want glossy, thick hair like Zooey Deschanel’s on my wedding day, but I’m not prepared to/physically can’t fork out that much for it. And as Mark Sharp (one of the co-founders of Mark Glenn) said when I was pondering out loud the thought of having it done just the once and then taken out… “that’s a huge waste of our time and your money”.
stage fright aside, I have a bit of a flare for drama and at the very least could teach Kellen to not look at his feet while on stage, annunciate his words so that the audience could hear him…and I might be able to help out with the costumes (Yes, I swear to not cover him in glitter or rhinestone his pirate eye patch).
This raid was very entertaining and caused the press and print media to squeeze as much mileage from the recent government orchestrated stage show featuring loyal supporters of the God of the Government. The media however missed the most important piece of news to affect Trinidad and Tobago now and way into the future and that news is the money done. This report was pushed to page 10 of the Trinidad Express which says “BPTT Head: Natural Gas boom over.” Now, if a man like BPTT’s current head can face reality for a change and tell the public there will be no more easy money and we in Trinidad and Tobago must start to actually produce things the world wants besides gas, oil and Chubby sweet drink, then things must be really bad. The Government knows this and many sensible people also know that the chances of getting their money from any failed insurance companies are getting dimmer by the second despite a bankrupt Government’s guarantee.
Three is a hard age for us all. It is the transition out of babyhood, into kidhood. The child will never go back to being who they were at age two. But, I found that if you come out on the other side, your relationship can be restored! Especially if you take the effort to protect it through this difficult year.
BJ's Pizza, Grill & Brewery Captain's Porter
The Boston Massachusetts and Phoenixville Pennsylvania bred producer's who together form Low Class Productions, have for a good minute now been working extensively in the underground circuit back east and the track listing on here is a clear indicator of the progress they've made since jumping on the scene.
I know for a fact that I will be able to recall
* Krispy Kreme will donate nearly 80 dozen donuts to give out as people wait
Plenty to chew on, even with its mix of thorough debunking of some stereotypes and the perpetuation of others.
Several candidates, with superior understanding, experience, acceptability and reach, come to mind, including Chief Information Commissioner Wajahat Habibullah, an Indian Administrative Service officer of the J&K cadre. He’s so highly regarded in the Valley that when he had a near-fatal accident some years ago, thousands prayed for him. There are also eminent individuals from J&K, including educationist Agha Ashraf Ali, economist Haseeb Drabu and vice-chancellor of the Islamic University of Science and Technology Siddiq Wahid (originally from Ladakh).
And writing is loving and praying and wishing and lashing and letting go of all the things that make you write...
Format issues are something I've noticed myself. Returning to a paperback in a fairly small typesize, I found there were too many words on the page for my current taste. I've become used to fewer paragraphs which I can linger over. Being a fairly fast reader, prone to skim-reading and forgetting what I've read about five minutes later, the Kindle slows me down. Sure, I miss the feel of the page, the smell of the paper and the lovely wide, clean margins of a printed book, but I like the digestible rate of delivery with the Kindle.
“Will they find your fingerprints on a knife?”
What if you really can't meet a deadline? First, work out why. Here are the possibilities:
Cat no: RKSCD002
The rain chain cups are attractive, they allow the water to travel down in cascades, adding to the sounds of flowing water. This one is made from iron, but you can purchase copper rain chains. There is a range over at Rain Chains Link.com) The company offer free shipping.
These stunning miniatures come as a pair in a blister and their rules allow them to merge into a duet causing both models to be on a 50mm base rather than each on a 40mm one.
Until the last drop, Sirkus will have plenty to offer its customers. There will be concerts at least twice a week, costume parties are scheduled and numerous surprise celebrations for all those who want to party and play for one last time. Sigga tells me that the plan is furthermore to film all the concerts, release a DVD, and donate all the profits to building a school or a well in Africa. “We’ll then keep the Sirkus sign and take it to Africa someday,” she adds. Although Sirkus will surely be missed, Sigga isn’t too worried. “There’s no need. This kind of energy always finds its way,” she concludes.
AND you can tint it to get any color you can imagine.
Avoid this toxic chemical for 60 days and discover how your health will improve dramatically!
In the Collection of Gerry Wateridge
Since I am a contributor to the soon to be released anthology, The Corner Cafe, along with some of the others here at The Blood Red Pencil, I'm offering a few related questions.
It has been our monthy Writers' Group this morning - ten members, all friendly, interested in words and enjoying talking about them. What more could anyone wish for?
Lauren Gravitz, Nature
And the same thing happens after school. Although they’re also thinking about things like getting their homework done so they can go out and play…one of the first things they ask, upon entering the house is, “Can I have a snack?”
“If you’re selling a two-bedroom apartment and your neighbour is selling a three-bedded one at the same price, which property do you think a buyer will you go for?”
Washington, DC; 2) a STAR
“The signs of a true apostle were performed among you with utmost patience, with signs and wonders and mighty works. (2Co 12:12)”
For hours he worked with hammer, file and saw
Emily Deschanel
The day our Readiness Centre organized a yard clean-up for Earth Day Little Miss Adorable refused to be put on the ground. She said the grass ‘hurt.’ She went boneless and limp, and demanded to see the teacher. The teacher explained that we were picking up garbage. Little Miss Adorable asked to go home. The adults were shocked, Little Miss Adorable was insistent. We went home. Clearly not enough glamour for the Princess Gene.
If you don’t know anything about Metalucifer, the first things you should understand is they play balls to the wall, riff driven, OTT, traditional heavy metal. Secondly, about 95% of their songs have the words ‘heavy metal’ in the title. Surely you get the gist?
The fourth session of Carrion Crown saw Annie (Grift), the Dan (Darius Carfax St. James), a Dan (Sir Horace Gunderson), Toby (Solis and his eidolon Gea) and Tyler (Alexandros Callimachi) take the exceptionally bold step of exploring a dangerous environ bounded by stone and inhabited by hazardous beings opposed to letting bygones be bygones. In short, they went dungeon-delving.
Anywho, It wasn’t my point to rag on the Ben 10 people it was my point to say that I miss the old days with the weird cartoons that looked like they were drawn by someone and not completely computer animated, where’s the heart in it? *sigh*
First off, I went to New Zealand in January to see my hubby fresh off the ice from Antarctica and spend some quality time with the in-laws on their dairy farm on the north island. It’s so beautiful there! Other than the fact that it rains a lot and the vintage picking SUCKS, I still totally want to live there.
she reads,
Now, at this late date, the Washington press corps doesn’t want to spoil its splendid narrative of Colin Powell’s heroic career by concentrating too much on his role on Bush’s Principals Committee as it oversaw torture.
While motorists curse, and reach for their gun!
Right. Here we are.
GINGRICH: …that there is a very substantial question. You didn’t give any instructions to — to say, gee, let’s not do this or let’s not do that? You’re very quick to draw the widest possible exaggeration. The fact is, the only time I ever spoke to the Congress about this issue was in July of 2008. The New York Times reported it. I told the Republicans in the House, vote no. Do not give them any money. They need to be reformed. And in answer to the question earlier, I would break each of them up into five or six separate units.
I pulled out the tube that you use to send stuff through. I started trying to fit everything inside and quickly noticed there was going to be a problem. I had so many 1's on me, that when they were stacked together, they resembled a Harry Potter book......lengthwise. I started rolling them up, and pushing them to the bottom, so there were layers in the tube. at this point I had been standing there for about 5 minutes. A line of cars had formed behind me, and I could see the driver of the car next to me elbow the passenger and point.
Last week the South African government said in a statement it could not put pressure on Mugabe to resign because the power-sharing agreement negotiated earlier this year, and agreed by all the parties, provided for him remaining as president.
at a fifty something lady )
We see the love in their eyes...as we see Spring bringing forth new life.
"So," said the nurse practitioner, "You have some kind of skin... thing?"
I see a lot of companies struggling to reach local audiences in their random smattering of followers. So how do you get folks in your area to follow you? Well I’ll tell you.
My queue on Ravelry was originally a place where I put anything that caught my fancy. What I would like it to be is something where I put things I will actually knit in the near future or have yarn on hand for. So I have been going through and favorite those things that I want to keep tabs on, but maybe will never knit or things I may knit, but not anytime soon.
So, with out hesitation, I am putting out the call to any ambitious writers and/or videographers interested in contributing. If you are passionate about Brooklyn and are looking for another way to express yourself, then maybe this is good fit.
(7) “Adler’s biased”…you mean he has a reasoned opinion and while he admits that there is grey in the world will not back down from self-evident truths because there is also black and white in the universe. Yes, in that case he is biased…Although you might then like his 1,000 page tome “The Great Ideas” where he actually discusses all of these philosophers and their ideas quite dispassionately.
Trans-green (Emerald) Scepter – See rules for Scepters of Summoning, and this color scepter is one of the portal scepters needed to open the rift (The Portal Scepters are the Emerald, Ruby, Diamond, and Sapphire Scepters).
It was so difficult to pick the TOP 3 again this month. Thank you so much for all the wonderful players on our last challenge.
I know that there are people who deny the holocaust. I for one have always believed, but after having placed my hands on Walter's tatoo and the scars on his side, my belief was confirmed.
I will illustrate this by reading his testimony in 2 Timothy 4:16-17.
My friend CJ scolded me for acting unkind toward the elderly, but it turns out, I’m a competitive machine when it comes to warehouse work.
US lawyers are, of course, familiar with the legal concept Volenti non fit injuria (“to a willing person, no injury is done” for post-Woolfians) and Molly is fully aware of the nonsense I write…. so may, safely, be taken to be Volens on the matter. The word limit is 300-500. Monsieur Prolix is my alter ego so I have obtained special dispensation to ignore the word limit. I have, however, promised that it will not be 48 feet long like one of the Blawg Reviews I wrote earlier in the year.
The first story is about a woman who steals a ring off of a dead body, only to have the ghost come back and haunt her. It’s a fairly typical tale of revenge from beyond the grave for an injustice, and follows all the usual parameters as such – she acts incredibly vain and selfish before, and then after she steals it, things start to seem all the more creepy and haunting with every passing moment, and she becomes paranoid. It’s not a very complex story, and as such, it’s the shortest tale here. This one isn’t bad, but it doesn’t really have a lot going on…well, except for the ghost’s creepy as hell face at the end:
The first title is Pongwiffy Back on Track, about the O'Lumpick Games, so very topical. But there are six backlist titles, all re-illustrated by Nick Price in the new look you can see on the witch's birthday cake.
During a CoreLogic economic webinar Thursday, the company’s chief economist, Mark Fleming, Ph.D., was asked if the housing market has hit bottom and will it stick, as reports seem to be speculating.
As I've previously rambled about, exposition is tricky. It's necessary if you don't want the reader to be totally confused, but if you lay it on too thick, the reader might not be able to keep it all straight and will end up confused, anyway. Starting your story like this one, with what is essentially a giant infodump, is going to turn some readers away.
Your plot needs some work here. Also, who's the antagonist?
There has been alot going on the past few weeks. I hope it quiets down a bit. Well, quiets down until we have to do all the moving crap. I'll be having a yard sale in June, people! Get your tickets to Norway for it will be one helluva sale!
Captain Evgeny Nikitin, Commander of Transaero’s 767/777 flying unit, was co-piloting the 787 during the entire flight from takeoff to landing as the signing ceremony took place.
Another good use for the same DataJack MiFi is backup broadband service for your home or office computer. Cable and DSL give you excellent connectivity until they don’t. Every broadband service has outages from time to time and it always seems like they go out at the worst possible time. If you have a DataJack MiFi, you can simply turn it on, connect any or all of your computers by WiFi and keep going. When landline service is restored, you can go back to it.
Please list all real properties owned by plaintiff Julian Robertson, singularly and by entirety (wife and children) inside and outside of the United States, as well as all real properties held in trust by plaintiff as donor, grantor, trustee and/ or beneficiary.
First of all, I admit, I know who Jeremy Lin is (I mean, I know his name) and I know there’s been a lot of excitement/controversy regarding him directly related to his ethnicity. But that’s about all I know. Oh, I know he plays basketball. I’ve never commented on or written about any of this “Linsanity” because I figured there was enough heat and debate out there already. BUT, this particular article specifically caught my interest.
If you have not already done so, please do at least one of these three things:
I have no intention of selling any of this stuff I'm making and showing, but when I'm making something from a pattern or technique I got from someone else, then I try to remember to say so over and over: the cotton-interlock wraps I'm working on now are from measurements and techniques provided by Alabama Chanin in her books.
I was a tad put off by this challenge so chickened out and went with the greys option...Maybe for my next sample I will try something a little more challenging!!
We have had our weekly cooking class – the kids have made peanut butter cookies and pumpkin bread. This week we’ll be doing a lot a meal pre-prep, as my parents are coming to visit on Thursday. I’ll give the kids various casserole and pie assignments. We’ll of course play lots of Dean Martin and Bing Crosby whilst we cook.
Garlic-why not just stick a head in the ground and see what happens?
Over the weeks to come, I will explore the idea of the uncanny, dipping into Freud's essay of that name and as well as researching related topics like mannequins, dolls and the museum. The final outcome will be a visual response to this material. I hope you'll join me on my creative journey!
Better, by far, is the fact that many of you have taken the time to tell me that, as devoted readers, you enjoyed the last book. I really value this, Timeless was a lot of work, and I want you particularly, Gentle Reader died-in-the-wool fans, to feel satisfied.
Now check this out.
wonder how long I’ve been human.
Frank leaned back in his desk chair and laced his hands behind his head. He watched the senator puff and snort around his desk like a dog defending his turf. A sense of elation filled him. He finally had the upper hand. “I think you may have forgotten that the name on this building is Howard, not Dunbar. I’m in charge here.”
So, about a week in, I started raising my eyebrows about this dude. He had all the appearances of a potential "Mr. Right," but some things just weren't adding up. One of those things was when I called him for an unexpected "lunch" date and I went to his house for the first time. Aside from the fact that he didn't show me around the place, he also had "plumeria" scented hand wash and lotion in his guest bathroom. Now, I appreciate a pimp's game as much as a fellow pimp can, but, "Dude, you expect me to believe bitches ain't coming over here on the regular? Or that your mysterious ass don't live with some chick?" I asked him about it, he said it was "for the guests." Right, nigga. Let's just fuck so I can get back to work. Again, not knocking the hustle, knocking the liar.
But remember brothers and sisters
When Mr. Rashid finally took up yoga, he said there were more similarities with his faith than contradictions. In salat, the five-times daily Muslim prayers, which entail a meditation-like centering of focus and several kneeling bows, he felt there were echoes of yogic poses.
As you can see complete chaos is the order of the day today! Because I make so many batches of components and there are so many stages to the process I gradually become surrounded by trays of clay in various stages of completion...The batch to the left is waiting to go in the kiln, The pieces on the tray are for pre-fire finishing and the ones that have spilt over onto my side table needed repairing.
It is simple. Sign up with TweetChat in advance here by linking your Twitter account. When the party starts, sign into your TweetChat account and enter hashtag #PulseBook. This will automatically take you to a "private room" where all the other Launch partygoers will be. Chat in real time for the hour and when the party is over, just close the page.
Grated cheese- 1/2 cup (I used a mix of sharp Cheddar, Gouda and Emmental)
I didn’t. The conversation never got that deep.
I was pretty pleased with what they offered. Now, to be fair, I have not spent days and days in the software, but I did spend about 8 hours in it, playing and figuring things out. I did not watch any tutorial, but I know there are some, including this one:
We've had the cyclone, or "hurricane" as Sicilians termed it and now we have anticyclone "Hannibal" from North Africa, which has brought with it a temperature of 30°C in Sicily today.
2-1 Hideous Mutant Freekz
scrapbook paper
“This is good, and it is pleasing in the sight of God our Savior, who desires all people to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth. For there is one God, and there is one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus, who gave himself as a ransom for all, which is the testimony given at the proper time. For this I was appointed a preacher and an apostle (I am telling the truth, I am not lying), a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and truth. (1Ti 2:3-7)”
The secret is to make sure your wishes are so obvious that even the human can see it. Once you FINALLY have their attention, use LOTS and LOTS of positive reinforcement. And be sure to keep it positive, they get really grumpy if you try to correct them.
may turn from wrong-doing, and seek righteousness and follow peace.
A fair society is one where everyone who works hard and plays by the rules has a chance to fulfil their dreams whether that's owning a bigger house, taking a holiday abroad, buying a new car or starting a small business.
What a role model I am.
Mixing Pop Psychology with Spiritualism
Well, today I received the following comment on a piece I posted last week about the growing income inequality in this country and my profound disgust with the GOP’s continued and repeated refrain that increased taxes on the rich is tantamount to class warfare and punishing success. The reader was, apparently, quite perturbed by what she (and I say she because the name seems female but I’m not really sure and calling someone it is just wrong) perceived as my advocacy that everyone should be paid equally regardless of actual value and that life is supposed to be fair. Not exactly sure how she devined that out of my piece, primarily because I’m pretty certain that I pointed out examples like Kobe Bryant and Steve Jobs who more than deserve every penny of compensation they’ve received and then some.
The resolution left some in Singapore questioning Yale’s commitment to the project with NUS and what would happen in case of a leadership change at Yale.
Sitting on a rock at the edge of an ocean – all contained within the box’s infinite interior – was a mermaid. Golden tresses cascaded down her naked back. Her tail, covered in shimmering turquoise scales flicked the water throwing up droplets which glistened like diamonds… No, wait… they were diamonds!
*School is cancelled again for tomorrow. It requires too much power.
Mel Gibson did a movie version of Hamlet in the early 90′s, and whatever you think of him, Helena Bonham Carter’s Ophelia is brilliant. The scene in which Ophelia’s madness comes to a head is utterly, completely heartbreaking.
"Huy hindi ah, (Hey, that's not true,)" I protested. "If I wanted to, I could have had my way before. You know that. Besides, I figured you owe me. If I had known you had a boyfriend, we should have just skipped dinner and went straight to fuck."
One of my favorite fairy tales is Jack and the Beanstalk.
Meanwhile, China’s Nobel-naysaying alternative honours Vladimir Putin with Confucius Peace Prize. http://wapo.st/vPZXoQ
I took these pictures last March ~ she was moving fast, and my little point and shoot couldn't keep up, but you get the point:
I know, I know – I’m supposed to fly south for winter. Well, thirteen years ago I flew way too far south and got caught up in an adventure.
Barely an hour from home, the spot we ended up in was amazing. AMAZING.
the following information and in this order:
I sized them to minimize wastage from the materials I had, and to keep them similar to the plastic produce bags I’m used to, using some cotton yarn for drawstrings. I’ve been trialling them for a couple of weeks now and am really pleased. Responses from cashiers has varied, from the ditzy supermarket checkout chick who wondered if I wanted her to take the produce out to weigh it (Umm, no- that’s fine, they weigh next to nothing), to the ladies at our regular market vendor who remarked how nice they were (Oh thank you!). The only drawback is that we are now dependant on plastic containers to keep our veggies fresh in the fridge. At least they're re-usable, but I do wonder if there is a bag I could make for this purpose... Any suggestions?
My youngest most assuredly inherited what I like to call my “Blue vein Irish” skin. Protection is a must for us both so I do buy a product that is made with the health of both the planet and our family in mind by Episencial, from a local vender.
Yes, it may seem as if you have lost half of your life, but do not waste the other half mourning over it and not doing anything else. Instead, be determined to let God use the half that was seemingly lost and turn it into a future with brighter days. God is sufficient in supplying your every need, when you need it.
5. Obama: “He has made a lot of mistakes but he is a big man.” Tucson, AZ—TTT Truck Stop
Me: A yacht?
David squealed, felt the most bloodcurdling cacophony tear from his throat and fill the pub, echoing off its walls, escaping through gaps in the wood, around poorly fitting window frames, but all that escaped his throat was a quiet, wet sound that did little to reflect his intentions. Jezebel reached down, eyes closed, breathing jagged exhalation, and began to stroke the thing sticking out of her which squirmed and growled at her touch. With a final gasp she pulled it out of her, as if tearing it from her body, and there it lay in her hands, alive and now separate from herself. She opened her eyes and looking down at it smiled, maternal, glowing. As if she had just given birth to something wondrous. Then her gaze turned to Lord Fuckington.
I’m trying, God.
hanging above my kitchen table right now!
The iPod dinged to announce an incoming email as I pulled into my driveway and entered the range of my wifi signal. I walked through the back door, called a greeting to Buck, and sank immediately to the couch, pulling my MacBook onto my lap. I Googled the words “this american life apple factory china” and breathed a heavy sigh of relief when the first result was a retraction on the show’s web site. I actually felt the chemical reaction as my entire body unclenched – it felt sort of like the metallic taste of adrenaline in the back of my throat, except somehow opposite. The report was a hoax. There is no Chinese blood on my hands.
+ Adventure mode with 15 exciting levels taking place in three different sectors of Metrocadia
b) please make sure to leave each entry as it's own comment. thanks!
20. Dancing: Why Men Don’t Like To
“Neighbourhood networks has been working with similar projects in helping create a community. We have worked with the SAMH project “Clubnet” which is a peer support group. Their intentions are to marry up people with different skills to help each other get through their particular struggles.”
For those who have followed along, I’m sorry I haven’t had very many updates recently. We’ve been working on a few things and my mind’s been a bit occupied.
Here's a list of all the printables in the Clean Mama Printables Etsy Shop:
In its early days, alternative comedy in the UK overlapped with dodgy Soho clubs.
Denial – I didn’t do that. Did I really do that??
In essence, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome is range of tiredness related symptoms that vary from person to person and don’t go away after rest, and the cause (and solution) is unknown.
I really did not understand the full impact of the motherhood of Mary till I was a mother myself. I have to say that the saints and their stories have been the most awesome insights into the depths of spiritual growth, the longing of the soul to be joined with God and find the connection that was lost at the moment of Original Sin. I have found that one can connect with God in the depths of their soul and in that simple opening of yourself and abandonment, God can transform you in ways you can not imagine. In this, it creates in you the ability to keep your faith, not lose sight of the ultimate prize and enable you to survive more than you ever imagined.
However, even the garage and RnB lovers have been seen to be unable to resist forking out £10 for this album, because every song on the album is wicked. Kam has also introduced the world to the classic voice of Balkar Sidhu on ‘Mukhre Toh’. Kam has used the garage sample off Sticky & Lady Dynamite’s mega-hit ‘Boo’ on the song, along with the very familiar tune of ‘Fiesta’ by R. Kelly on ‘Mittran Nu’. The production is sublime. Any DJ reading this right now had better stop reading and go and buy this album because it is without a doubt an essential for any Bhangra collection. Without a shadow of a doubt, there is a lot more to come from Southall’s best kept secret. Keep a look out for more releases from this incredible producer!
Braeden: Moooooo! Ha Ha Ha!
“I’d like to help people re-invent themselves. And I’d start with myself,” he said while thinking—I could re-invent myself by stealing other people’s identities and robbing them blind. He imagined his mother laughing at the double meaning and how clueless the Lieutenant had been sitting there staring at him with those big, doe eyes. She seemed blinded by his cleverness.
A couple weeks ago I got to do a Family Photo Shoot. My Aunt had asked me beginning September to take some Pictures. Finally, a month later, we found a time that worked for all. We choose many different locations and I think the last location is my favourite. I had never photographed in high grass before, so this was new.
It’s an undeniable fact that many strict regulations were imposed on the ancient Israelites. The “chosen ones of God” understood each of these regulations to be equally important.
Good Day Ladies and Gentleman,
All things aside, she completely beasted that challenge. The overall challenge score now sits at 3-2 with me holding the slight advantage. Looks like we’ll have to see where the next challenge brings us.
Daniel Seraphine - drums
Process custard into ice cream maker according to manufactures’ instructions. Add toffee during last 5 minutes of churning. Transfer to an ice cream container, cover and freeze until firm.
My 17 year old son and I attended a performance yesterday afternoon at our college by Destiny Africa, a children’s choir from Uganda. It was delightful. There was one girl who reminded me so much of my 10 year old niece. Strange what similarities we can find in people whom are different in every obvious way…Eric thought that she possessed a sort of hilarious nonchalant seriousness, but her dancing, the way she snapped her head back and forth and moved with rhythmic abandon was infectious and wonderful.
So I think I had an evening that qualifies as one of the really bad ones last night.
6. Name three blessings in your life.
Whether we are experiencing pain or heartache,
Waterbrush or ordinary paintbrush. ( I prefer to use a koi waterbrush)
a broken child’s toy to be cast away to the thrashing sea.
If I am not currently out running the streets of Chicago, listening to my iPod at an obnoxiously loud level, you all have permission to kick my ass to the pavement.
Three hours later, I found this video. I feel interesting again : )
All-in-all, you have to admire The Dead’s longevity and willingness to tour, even with its shifting cast of characters. It was an inventive, mostly energetic show, drawing power from its original rhythm section, Weir’s capable frontman routine and that abiding, jazz-inspired sense of adventurous improvisation that made the Grateful Dead the psychedelic era’s sole survivor.
25. The Great Silence ^
A thought that never occurred
Another view of the kitchen. The tap water comes from the hills around us (springs?) and it's delicious. Lots of hot water for showers too - what a luxury. One of the women I spoke to yesterday is here on her 5th trip and I heard another say it was number 8 for them. Heaven!
3. Weigh
Of the neck I cannot catch,
Keller – ‘ She was sorry for them. They had the thing they thought would make everything okay- and it didn’t. Then Heimel added a statement that took my breath away: “I think when God wants to play a really rotten joke on you, he grants you your deepest wish.” ‘
“Though one may be overpowered,
Huge thanks to Louise. She really knocked it out of the park. My first but definitely not my last purchase from her. Now time to plan some trips so I can start filling it in!
-Print and/or create a book of the entire year of collages into a photobook.
In 2002, the Carr brothers, Reginald and Jonathan, raped, sodomised and tortured five young whites in Wichita, inflicting acts of extreme violence and humiliation on them including forcing the three young male victims to perform involuntary sexual acts both on each other and on the female victims, before taking them naked into the frozen winter countryside and shooting each, execution style (amazingly one of the two female victims survived). Shortly after killing four of their victims the Carrs attempted to hijack another woman, again a white one, almost certainly with the same motive.
THE CANDY SNATCHERS
APRIL 20 — I am actually dumbfounded as to where in the religion of Islam it says the Kedah state government is God?
In the book of which the movie is based, Neville discovers that the Darkseekers are not mindless vampire creatures, but have evolved to exist in sunlight and form the basis of a new society. Neville, who killed a lot of them, is viewed by the society as evil, and is executed. Neville co-operates, as he realises he is their legend – in the same way Jack the Ripper is a legend to women.
was standing right beside me.
I read the few books I have. They’re boring, but it’s better than being alone with my own thoughts. I’ve had enough of that lately. In the evening, Josie knocks on the door and I invite her in. She’s come to check on me, under the presumption of reporting on the house. My leg is propped up on the other chair, because it hurts slightly less that way. It itches just as much though. She looks at it and frowns. She asks if it hurts, and how long it’ll take to heal. Yes, it does, and I don’t know. The bite on my neck and shoulder is nearly gone though, I don’t have to wear the scarf anymore.
