HIS PATIENCE…..
Well, yes. And no. Statistics are very good at telling us about the general. They tell us nothing at all about the specific. Whenever we hear that marriage, for instance, tends to make one happier, we think of our best friend who has become a mouse since her wedding because her husband berates her constantly. But just because you can think of an exception doesn’t invalidate the study.
Love these! They were so fun and so good! Next time I'll make my icing thicker, though, because it was runny and you couldn't really see my LSU colored sugar!! Here is a pic of the ones I actually did....
On her white kitchen clock
When Scott and I were in college there were no cell phones, no phones in dorm rooms and email did not exist... wow!!! So when I wanted to hear from him I had to call him from a PAY PHONE in the hallway. I can remember trying to keep our conversations private and crying when I had to hang up. (since I didn't know when I'd be able to talk to him again) I do believe that had we been able to instantly text each other all of the time we would have missed out. So we WROTE letters. Almost every day, at least once a week for 2 1/2 years! And I have every single one of those letters. One of these days I've got to take them out and read them again. (I know that we fell in love in those letters) Anyway, I love handwritten love letters, ohhh, ahhh....
You just want to nibble,
4.Sprinkle cornmeal along the bottom of you pot to prevent sticking.
red tiles. Home
Adam laughed aloud after I told him that the spiritual meaning of Whitt's name is apparently "Joyful," he quickly said, "Disgruntled" is more like it! We prayed so hard for Whitt Jackson, long, long before he arrived and let me just say, God blessed sweet boy with a tremendous personality and a mighty willpower. I can hardly wait to see his little life unfold...
Now I feel even worse because this cat thinks we are his family. He thinks this is his house. Today I get to do the fun task of taking the cat back--again.
An open door is important. But like my little neighbor and her birdcage, you have to do a lot more than open the door. You have to open yourself also.
Hats of to Ezra Johnson-Greenough and the folks at Burnside Brewing for pulling all this together. Judging by what I've seen (and tasted), it's going to one a hell of festival!
None of us chooses to dwell on the idea of Until Death Do Us Part. We can endure almost anything. Except that.
Crazy mommy starts twitching at the corner of my half opened eye.
But final laugh, a form arrived from the Directorate just now - for me to fill in - yet more timewasting, and I'd no doubt get something wrong, and have to wait, and not be told until I queried in January. February, March.... They hadn't even clocked that I'd pulled the plug.
Julie at Paper and Such is offering a $10 gift certificate, and she carries all kinds of scrapbooking supplies.
OK, that's the crime bit----
I'm liking it less as I drink it but that is not the beer's fault - it's mine.
After dinner we wandered down the beach for a bit just to see what there was to see. By that time it was 7:30ish and Shawn and I were beat! It was close to midnight by our internal clocks. We headed back to our room for a good nights sleep.
Hope you are having a great week, I had a fabulous time at The Dancing on Ice show last night, the skaters were all amazing, some of the lifts and jumps they did on the ice were breath taking and Torville and Dean were just mind blowing. I cant believe they are still doing all the tricks at the ages of 54 and 55. Wish I was that fit!!!
She'd been restless that day, panting, scratching nests
In his own "State Of The Union Address" one half of Smif-n-Wessun drudges through some pretty hard truths and beckons for real change...I found it kinda surprising that Steele thinks that Obama himself is just a "pawn", but the rest I wholeheartedly felt was a good look and more true to life...
There weren't much food places at the mall, and most are already familiar food places for me. One restaurant that is "new" to me was Hong Kong Kitchen something... and we wanted to eat there so we can also include Chinese cuisine to our list of food choices, but the place was already packed with diners. I surely didn't want to eat at Jollibee and K didn't like McDonald's, so we went for Sbarro.
Of a world where every neighbour is a friend
Michael L. Collins, 38, Montclair, N.J.
I am not very familiar with the lyrics of the song that I was surprised to see that the phrase is actually ‘the music died’ while I kept hearing ‘the music dies.’ I believe this is making an emphasis of the time which America is in right now; The Lord wants to let America know that her music is dying and fading shortly. There is little time left before all music finally comes to end. This profound encounter with the Lord regarding America’s demise as depicted in the vision of A.A. Allen and its connection with the prophetic song “American Pie” by Don McLean, is a very strong confirmation of earlier dreams below.
There is so much to do, seven days were not nearly enough to enjoy all the natural attractions. There are countless bushwalks to take including a trek up Mt Gower. This is an iconic peak at the southern end of Lord Howe Island, rising 875m from sea level. The walk is around 14km return and takes about 8.5 hours to complete, so you need to be in good health but given it’s one of the top 20 day walks in Australia I am told it is well worth the effort. Yes, you guessed it I didn’t actually do it.
One of the highlights of our trip was the cooking class we took! This was something we had planned and booked months before our trip. There were several English-speaking cooking schools to choose from, and based on TripAdvisor and guidebook recommendations, we ended up going with Cook'n with Class, a cooking school in Montmartre offering a wide variety of classes, from French pastries and breads, to desserts, to wine and cheese tastings, to market trips + dinner, to macarons. Rachel deferred to me in the course selection, and I thought a lot about what kind of class I'd want to take. I decided on the macaron class for several reasons: (1) macarons are so hot right now, they are perhaps the next cupcake; (2) I've always preferred making cookies or other individually sized treats, versus breads or big cakes; (3) I had no idea how to make macarons, so the class would truly be a learning experience.
What follows is what Gaga does best, a catchy dance number, high-fashion garments, thought rousing pop culture symbolism, just with no product placement all over the place this time. The Judas dance choreography is one of the strongest we have seen from Gaga thus far.
The power of gratitude is that it can’t always whitewash the real challenges or heartaches or stresses in our life, but it helps keep those things at the periphery instead of in the center. When we dwell in gratitude, we allow God to stay in the center of our focus and attention and keep those things that need worrying about on the edge, where we can actually keep them in their healthy perspective. Because at least for me, when I center on my problems and my anxieties instead of centering on God, I become fairly worthless in regards to being a blessing in the world.
Whew! That mom is more Free-Range than ME, good ol’ Lenore here (who has never gutted a fish, nor have my sons). And I applaud her! There’s no “right” level to this whole thing, just a willingness to accept that our kids are more capable than society says, and times are safer times than whatever you see on TV. (Epecially whatever you see on Law & Order SVU. – Lenore
- casual shootings, bayonet stabbings, rifle butt beatings
Bottle the rest of syrup (you'll have about a cupful) and keep refrigerated for adding to drinks and cocktails.
Participation in organized sports provides an opportunity for children to increase their physical activity, develop physical and social skills. However, WHO reports that when the demands and expectations of organized sports exceed the maturation and readiness of participation, the positive aspects of participation can be negated. Your child’s pediatrician can help decide when and what type of sports is right for your child. Finding the balance between safety and fun is key. Matt, dad of two girls proclaims: “Absolutely let them play! Broken bones heal.”
The idea took off so so fast and so well, with over 1000 photos being shared in one month, they’ve done it again!
So, as it turns, out, I rotate about three outfits all summer long. I guess when it's 95 degrees and I have nowhere to go...I wear jean shorts and tank tops. (Not even cute tank tops - ribbed ones with no accessories.)
Virginia Tech did not violate federal law in its email response time that notified students of a shooting before a campus rampage that left 33 people dead, the worst mass shooting by a gunman in U.S. history, said an administrative judge’s ruling reported by the Los Angeles Times.
Until we clean up our environment and food supply, the numbers are only going to get higher. So what can you do?
Does she really want Grandma and Grandpa to observe her? Her Mommies say, “Yes, she does.”
There are things I know that will come in the nine months of pregnancy that no person can prepare me for. No book will truly be able to describe.
There were 62 tornado reports in North Carolina on Saturday. Communities across Oklahoma and the Carolinas have been devastated.
A white home can accept any garden floor. What i love is the repeat of the arch shape on the ground. Are you seeing the lesson here? Look up! What colors and architectural elements of yours can be repeated for one cohesive appearance?
He was seen on Northeastern television commercials as the voice of Price Chopper's House of BBQ advertising campaign.
Cut strawberries in a bowl and mix with juice of one key lime. Refrigerate.
(3) When, after payment of the levy and of the deduction foresaid, half of the remainder of the receipts exceeds the guarantee, the said remainder of the receipts shall be divided, equally, between the two clubs.
You’re spellbound by inaudibilities,
Is this not the sentiment of the blogging world as well? I know for a fact that I am not the only one, we are a generation of people crying out for more, but the problem is us, we have to obtain that more, and all that we have learned and studied, and stuck our necks out for have not been fruitful. I really think I need to make the “Suck it Up Princess” Android app and then use it extensively. Surely I need to stop all these extra things that I do that I think will get me out of the mire and just focus on thing like my day job…but I know right now that it will not happen, I cannot help myself, I am not a 9-5 kind of person.
So do not get hung up on those around you making life a little harder, and throwing the road blocks out there. Remain focused on God and what He has called you to do. Also remain focused on what God has called you to do, so that you are not the one throwing others in the lions den.
GAH!!!!!!!
And here are your complimentary printables....
I work in the garden a lot when the weather's like this. Sometimes I'll spend all day digging in the dirt. It's not a chore when the high is 82 F and It's nothing but clear skies.
The heart and crown have been stamped seperately onto white card, cut out, coloured with Alcohol pens and glued on. I stamped the words from Crafty Individuals - UM Britannia below in black so that it became a focal point.
- Love is the poetry of the senses. ~ Honore De Balzac
I hope you’ll check out the book or pass it along to friends and family who might need it. And I really hope you’ll start thinking about this stuff even though it’s hard to do. It’s important.
With that, I decided to make a super awesome Peppered Turkey Lettuce Wrap.
White Wrap Tee: CAbi (Spring 2009)
It is you Mr. King that represents the financial arm of the New World Order in Britain and you alone that allows trillions to slip in and out of this country utterly and totally unchecked.
The drive along the Klondike Hwy. from Whitehorse, YK to Skagway, AK was positively beautiful. Reading on the Klondike Goldrush had me intrigued, the Chilkoot Trail beginning there.
Despite motorists leaving their vehicles to chase the perpetrator, the officers did nothing and merely laughed when asked to assist. These officers are a disgrace to their uniform and could easily be substituted by mannequins. The value-add would be the same.
Dark staircase
I have always tried to teach my children that there is no greater freedom on this earth than to be self-reliant. This means being you must be one that you can count on the most. You, and you alone, are the one who can control your destiny the best---not your parents, not the government.
Poetic rings became popular in France in the 17th century. These rings were inscribed with poems or other romantic verses declaring adoration and everlasting love.
"Shiva's Blue Throat: A Personal Vision of The Artist's Role", a very good essay by the novelist Kiran Nagarkar on the provocative idea of Shiva as a model for the writer ("The quality and truth of an artist depend not merely on the precise observation and nuanced mimesis of the lives of his creatures, but on how far he can, through his artistry, undergo every single emotional crisis, betrayal, thought-process, dilemma, joy and terror that his characters experience. That is the test of Shiva. The life of the character the writer is depicting must be absorbed so fully that it must burn his throat blue, a blue unlike any other and result in a voice which is distinctive and unmistakable. In short, the artist must become Shiva.")
It’s called Soma Coma.
I was inspired to press toward the mark of the higher calling....
This is the completed magnetic board. I covered the metal sheet you can find at the local craft store or even at home improvement stores with Japanese washi paper. I place it into a shadowbox frame since I had one at home just collecting dust.
Paul Eluard and Man Ray (1 book, 1935)
Panhandle has a sponsor program. If you can't adopt a dog, you can sponsor a kennel. I was surprised that it was only $150 per year. The donation is tax deductible and a plaque is placed on a kennel naming the donor. It was a no brainer for us. We sponsored a kennel and the plaque will read, "Sponsored by Surething Gordon Setters, Dan and Karen Thomason, in memory of Peat and Happy". A good way to help if you don't have time to volunteer.
A tweet by Anthony Giddens, another socialistologist at the “Under Pressure” conference, “Scientists need to renew an assault on climate sceptics,” resulted in a wave of enthusiasm among the zombie troops, expressed in messages like this one from greenactiongal: “Lord Giddens urges an assault on climate change skeptics! Let's go!”
Seems to me those lessons apply beyond philanthropy.
Did you know it has been a year since I started creating my photo hunts? In February of last year, I posted a link to another blog’s photo hunt. The idea seemed popular and I was encouraged to make my own lists. In April of 2011, I presented my first list. I’ve struggled with finding ideas to keep it interesting over the last year. By far the most popular hunt was October’s Idiomatic Hunt. All who participated really stepped up with their creativity. I’m thinking the openness of the possibilities for that hunt are what got so many of you interested, and so, I’m posting this month’s hunt with a similar openness. I have two objectives in this month’s choice: 1) to give you a creative spark and 2) to find out more about you!
witnessed by us as diamonds on a necklace
When I was a boy of 14, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be 21, I was astonished at how much the old man had learned in seven years.
I love New York! I had the opportunity to go to the Circle of Sister event at the Jacob Javist Convention Center in New York City. Circle of Sisters is New York’s largest expo for women of color and hosts a variety of speakers, authors, seminars, inspirational services, R&B and gospels concert in addition to the more than 200 vendors and companies selling unique items and services. This is the eighth year of the event and experienced record-breaking success last year which was over 38,000 attendance! The expo is has exciting things to do such as fabulous shopping, a fascinating fashion show and sumptuous food tasting with some of today’s top chefs at the Food Pavilion area. I had a chance to see leaning artistic cakes and sexy male fashion models.
Sadly, the longer a person has been doing bad adjustment-making, the greater the distance between “real” and “true.” Facing that divergence becomes increasingly painful, and makes it harder to turn things around (i.e., back toward the “real”, or at least toward “plausible fantasy”) – either on the golf course or on the bathroom scales. Or in relationships, at work, in faith, in managing finances, etc. Bad adjustment-making is inevitably part of misuse of alcohol and other dugs, and other potentially addictive involvements (gambling, pornography, shopping, etc.).
To be entered to win, become a follower of my blog and leave a comment to this post. International crafters are welcome to play! The winner will be announced here on this blog on Tuesday, September 14.
In summary, I like the eschatological impact on the present, of the way that the Hebrew prophet puts it: “It will happen in that day, that the Lord will punish the host of heaven on high, and the kings of the earth on earth” (Isaiah 24:21). So while I will have more to say about the meaning of the word punish in this context, I take it that God and his people are positioned against both demonic and human powers and that these two are intimately connected.
Things are getting more back to normal as the day progresses...
TOY CLOWN from Poltergeist
100 times is a significant exponent. And the health claims do not stop there. Turmeric can be traced as far back as 7th century India and China. After reading the Mayo Clinic’s overview, I am thinking it might not hurt to adopt a “when in doubt, apply turmeric” rule of thumb for all medicinal quagmires:
I’m not making this one up. It actually won a contest of words that need to be banned. It’s not a great word, I have to agree. The “moi” part feels wrong on the lips. Adding the “st” gives it a hard ending that doesn’t match the softness of the moi. Plus whenever you say it, it brings to mind damp, foul-smelling places, stuffed with moldering brown-gray fungoids that crumble into slippery, cheesy fragments in your hands while the particles drift up into your nose and down your sinus cavity, finally landing on your tongue to pollute every meal you eat for the rest of your life. And even if it hasn’t, it will now.
However, I think I am going to try to make a savings plan for myself, one that will allow me to save up some money, and still be able to pay my bills and get gas without really scraping the bottom of my bank. And perhaps I will look into selling some of the stuff that I don’t want or need on ebay or craigslist. And look into acquiring a second job.
Also, we watched Bloodline for a second time. A very interesting documentary delving into the possibility that Jesus and Mary Magdelene were married and had children...sort of a real exposition of the ideas seeded in The Da Vinci Code. If the events in this documentary are true, it's a big deal.
Phil
mago
“Sunscreens themselves can seem like a mystery with all of their strange ingredients and acronyms and unfortunately, like all skincare products, are almost entirely unregulated by the U.S. government. One common sunscreen ingredient in particular to watch out for is the synthetic chemical oxybenzone. It is an endocrine disruptor which affects the nervous system, has been linked to cancer in some laboratory studies, and creates harmful free-radicals from sun exposure. Another area of potential concern that has arisen is that of nanomaterials. These are widely used in sunscreens to eliminate the chalky appearance of titanium dioxide and zinc oxide. Reports indicate that nanomaterials small size makes them more able to enter the lungs, pass through cell membranes, and possibly penetrate damaged or sun-burnt skin.”
If I can take it away from you, it’s Mine!
He here also rejects the Communist emphasis on materialism. Leftism to this day is often seen as a religion and its agitators clearly often long to be seen as heroic and unmaterialistic.
What stories have you read that made you love the structure? Which characters do you find yourself cheering for because of the ups and downs of their lives?
“In all the raids conducted by the Prophet Muhammad, he was the one attacked. If she knew anything about the Koran and the Sunna…
It's a gorgeous day here in PA and I hated to go downstairs to stamp but today is Lesley's Merry Monday Challenge and I absolutely cannot miss out on participating! This weekly challenge is putting me way ahead of the game for Christmas cards for the upcoming craft show season and cards for myself! I love this idea! Thank you, Lesley!
Eventually I was seen by a psychologist who said I was under too much stress. He went over everything that he could detect about me based on what I had told him. There was many odd discussions in the process, about flour mills, grocery stores, cats… and he was a happy fellow. So was the nurse, really. And B. was still there, dancing in a far corner of the room in some weird attempt to cheer me up.
Bling drove me and Mum to the Hospital and My SD and Pirate stayed and looked after Grotbag. I got to the Hospital around midnight and they called Dr N to come in. At 1.59am on Monday 9th February my little baby boy was born by C section. He was 6lb 15oz and he was beautiful.
Do I believe in God again? Well, the thing is, I realized I never stopped. Through the good and the bad, He has always been there beside me. I have been on my knees before, begging for others to live. They have not. Did this mean He didn't listen? No. He listened and He was with me. This is the promise, the hope, that He is with us and there is life everlasting. In the end, it is far beyond me to know the ways of God.
Facing the Facts – Confronting the fallacies and half-truths which can delude law firms
in an effort to do one simple thing:
And breath by breath and death by death
Nevada – 34.3 percent, 36.4 percent
I enjoy learning and reading and even writing.
I know John is anxiously awaiting to find out what I threw away from his bathroom. So, here it goes. NOTHING. I didn't throw away a single thing.
I think I may be eating a lot of ice cream over the next two weeks.
Hometown: Victoria, British Columbia.
05-10 Seattle, WA – Showbox Market
Conferences
ROX at B1 Bonifacio High Street
SHORT TERM: market gaps up ends mixed, DOW +65
His life was predictable, controlled and good until chaos crashed the party. In just one day his world is destroyed and his ability to survive is tested. Would he be able to get through this in one piece? And would he somehow be able to survive the unstoppable force that goes by the name of Chase?
So is marriage a recipe for sexual suicide, or a test to see if you can find true intimacy in other ways.
22. Fisherman's Blues
In my family, we had a great role model for what it means to seek knowledge. Our
Oh, I see I've said 2012 in one of those dates at the end, which timewarps us to Christmas this year. That's clever. I'm not redoing the graphic though. I'll be a Timelord instead. Dr Me, that's Who.
7. I love the smell of coffee. I also love coffee flavored things. I'm pretty sure that I'd be one of those jittery coffee-fiends if it weren't for the Word of Wisdom. (Not sure what the Word of Wisdom is? Click HERE)
I do it out of boredom.
Wishing you love and beauty on your journey through life.
Inez E. Dickens
The more accepting you are of yourself, the more you will feel accepting of other people. It can be challenging to accept that you’re doing the best thing for you. Especially when you have to tell someone no, because you are now putting them in a position where they have to come up with another option when they were looking to you for help. But remember this, every time you choose to do what someone else wants over what you KNOW is right for you, you hurt yourself and them. When you do what’s best for your soul, you do what’s best for everyone involved. It’s more important to do the right thing than to hurt yourself in fear of disappointing another.
I had to remind them that this was a business and not everyone treats their chickens as pets like we do. These chickens were bred to lay eggs and to supply Sunday dinner. I doubted, I told my kids, that any of these chickens would end up painting a masterpiece or be part of a video game or be named after a New York Times bestselling author or even fall asleep in one’s lap after you have gently stroked her back.
out; apart for the thrills and frills, for the scriptwriter’s imaginative skills!
The left wall was the worst part. The door next to the fridge and the lack of usable cabinets was such a pain. Not to mention the inside of all the cabinets was the original particle board from the 60's. I'll just say "gross" and leave it at that.
governments need to regulate salaries, then you are a communist. Not that there is
You can attempt on the web and cheap ipad 2 case your business to their very.
Uhm, has anyone else noticed that Scalphunter's war paint makes it look like his brain just exploded down his face?
1 sexually
Don't forget tomorrow (Friday May 11th) is the last day to enter the My Memories Giveaway. If you need free digital scrapbook software that will allow you to make scrapbooks, invitations, buttons and headers for your blog, and so much more, this is a great time to try to win. There are not many entries on this great giveaway, so everyone has a good chance of winning!
Speak kindly
I see from their blog, that BrewDog plan to take out a dedicated stall at this year's Campaign for Real Ale's, Great British Beer Festival.
One that made you have to say goodbye
when i say Barcelona you think Spain, right? - well not me! - i think of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe who designed the 'Barcelona chair' for the king and queen of Spain in the early 1900's! - this chair will be my next and final furniture purchase for my living room - it will complete my 'look' ..
TID: 00435699
A little OTT IMHO.
with glowing hearts we see thee rise
Which then becomes a vicious circle--because when you try to argue with someone who is accusing you of being defensive, you just end up sounding more and more defensive. And I haven't yet figured out how to get out of the "you sound so defensive" accusation without shutting down completely.
And on that note, over the Christmas and New Year I have enjoyed some of the fresh, happening and new stories of this year in the Cinema!!
**"Reply ALL" will go to the group.
Which is why it is important to be reminded now and again of the good fortune I have to be living it large in the City of Light. And for exactly that reason, I feel compelled to issue un grand merci to my neighbour and fellow Paris-based scribe David Lebovitz for his excellent new book The Sweet Life In Paris.
Especially since I have discovered a great variation: braised red cabbage and sausages. Braised together, that is. How can that not be great?
MAC e/s Amberlights
The key issue here is who decides what is just and good? The tenth plague involved killing all firstborn Egyptians. Where they all responsible for the enslavement of the Israelites? Did they deserve their fate? Or were they ‘collateral damage’ just so the pharaoh would get the message?
2 tbsp butter (melted)
* California Office of Natural Resource Education * California Office of Privacy Protection * California Office of Public School Construction * California Office of Real Estate Appraisers * California Office of Risk and Insurance Management * California Office of Services to the Blind * California Office of Spill Prevention and Response * California Office of State Publishing (OSP) * California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development * California Office of Systems Integration * California Office of the Inspector General * California Office of the Ombudsman * California Office of the Patient Advocate * California Office of the President * California Office of the Secretary for Education * California Office of the State Fire Marshal * California Office of the State Public Defender * California Office of Traffic Safety * California Office of Vital Records * California Online Directory * California Operations Control Office * California Opinion Unit * California Outreach and Technical Assistance Network (OTAN) * California Park and Recreation Commission
KJARTAN: We don’t really have a favourite. You just work on the album you’re working on.
Do not let the blood bank tell you that you can't have your photo taken because you are allowed to. You may not be allowed to have a photo taken of them inserting the needle, but there are no laws prohibiting photo taking while donating blood. Best way to show proof is by you being in the chair with the needle in your arm, obviously, but if they give you a hard time, a photo in the donation center, with your BE NICE TO ME, I GAVE BLOOD sticker, and other ways to show proof will be accepted. Use your good judgment!
spent some months healing and babysitting a little bit and then we moved.
During the course of these trials, Kevin Mulcahy, the first man to go to the authorities about Wilson killed himself after a long period of depression and a relapse into alcoholism. Waldo Dubberstein, a Pentagon employee paid by Wilson for Egypt military information wanted by Libya, killed himself the day of his indictment for these activities.
Let’s say our rights are in green, our privileges are in blue, and in red are all of the things we have no right or privilege to do anymore.
at the famous Vertigo Hotel,
The reception was held in the Crossroads District in the basement of a furniture store. It was such a unique space. Kristin did such a unique thing with the food tables. Since she's from Kansas City, and Thomas is from Germany, but they met in Costa Rica, they had a food table dedicated to each region! For Kansas City they had pulled pork, cheesy corn and cole slaw (of course), for Costa Rica there was a black bean and rice dish, tropical fruit and shrimp ceviche, and for the Germany table there was a roast beef and potato dish and a salad. She also had regional flowers and photo of them in each place on the table.
“I thought, ‘What kind of game is this?’ ” Ms. James, 41, said while picking at trash at the house, now so worthless the city plans to demolish it — another bill for which she will be liable.
from the garden hose.
Is it my imagination or does pao bhaji taste best in Mumbai's Chowpatty? I know it is really clichéd and I am sure Mumbaikars have better suggestions but I have had the yummiest pao bhaji of my life in that beach.
My son does not like the idea of going to bed at 7:00, when it's still light out, before his younger brother, and when he knows the rest of us are snuggled on the couch watching American Idol or playing Sorry or some neverending card game.
You can go to Banfield's to watch sports, to play video games, or - as we did - to sit outside on the patio on a beautiful Spring night to enjoy the company of your friends while eating great food. You can choose to have bean, beef or chicken nachos, with no extra charge for meat; we ordered the chicken, which was very tender and slightly spicy. And because our dinner had such quantities of vegetables, with lots of lettuce and tomatoes on top of all the chips and cheese - we didn't even have to feel guilty about indulging in "junk" food!
Lately we’ve been asking you guys to pick which celeb looked better carrying a particular bag, but today, we’d like to turn the tables a little bit: one celeb, two different days, two different bags. The star in question is actress Dakota Fanning, who I love for a lot of reasons, including that we both share the hometown of Atlanta. Dakota and I also share a love for fashion, and in particular, a sense of personal style. Based on these two outfits, at least.
Why did I do such a thing?
Here are some reasons to be happy today:
Double Crochet (dc) - Yarn over, insert hook in stitch, yarn over and pull up loop (3 loops on hook), yarn over and draw through 2 loops, yarn over and draw through remaining 2 loops.
"I loved your book. It was fantastic. Is there going to be a movie?"
Olaf, Cafaror and Alurax faced it, with Alagon towards the end of the hall, using his bow to launch ranged attacks. The troll proved a tough opponent but although it floored Olaf, it was eventually backed against the wall, brought down and its head cut off by Cafaror.
“I wanted this casualness with the clothes and what was already there, and the banana is to play on this idea of time and temporality and the life span of a piece,” Faler said.
Jackie: Oh jeesh… “Appetite for Destruction“. I never get tired of that one. But… I sure would miss the rest of my records if that were the only one I had!
Cunning: we are smarter. It’s science. Fact: we all know that stupid flex and point at the beach shit isn’t going to cut it against a foe like this. Unless it will cut it, in which case congratulations. For the majority of us that one encounter is just that: one encounter in a series of encounters that, taken in totality, will determine our success or failure. And in that one encounter you’ll have demonstrated your cunning. By flexing your bicep and pointing like the manifestation of the dumbest male stereotype available to the imagination you plant a seed of doubt in her mind. Like I always tell my defensive ends: rush fast to the outside twice, then on the third time hit that offensive tackle with a bullrush so hard you pancake him. Fool him – and her – then bullrush him – and her, but only with her express permission or else it’s illegal – and you’ll be up to your neck in sacks. Or sex. Think about it.
-68.984348 , 39.647884
For this reason, Mr. Campbell thinks that the existence of a high culture on Venus is extremely doubtful since culture develops when people don’t have to spend all their time just keeping alive. The Venus man would have no time to think, hence the race would be virtually beastlike.
BTW, if you are interested in the Alfresco top (or any other items from Boden), you can use the below link, along with the code WCM1 (on the shopping bag page) for 15% off and free ship and returns.
“While Apple and Samsung have taken it in turns to lead the smartphone market over the last four quarters, it seems as if Samsung may now have established a firm lead in this space, shipping 11.8 million more units than the Cupertino, California company in Q1,” Juniper said in a statement today.
I’m Still Standing and Up Up Up
Tesco have put a 4 box limit on the lout offerings, which to be honest I’m not too sure about. On the positive side I understand that Supermarkets want the offer to be there for retail customers and want the stock to be there when punters punt up. If they advertise an offer and the stock is gone because money grasping pub landlords cheating on their tied contracts have filled the van up, they are not meeting their customers need. However cooking lager enthusiasts do use these offers to fill the garage up with cheap stock to enjoy over a prolonged period where cheap offers may not be forthcoming.
For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God. For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent. Where is the wise? where is the scribe? where is the disputer of this world? hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world? For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe. For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom: But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolishness; But unto them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God. Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of God is stronger than men. For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called: But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty; And base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are: That no flesh should glory in his presence. But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption: That, according as it is written, He that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.
SAME OLD, SAME OLD
About a breakup. The guy Is remembering all the good times they had together. And saying that this girl made him a better person and made him realize things he couldent realize himself. So he is leaving this relasionship a better man. And he feels stronger then ever before thanks to the girl.
Me: So, you’re a lord?
All the grandmas & grandmas to be. Sitting is Mr. Skinny great grandma, then standing is my mother-in-law, me, Mr. Skinny, my mom, and Mr. Skinny's grandma. We're missing Mr. Skinny's other grandma who lives in Florida.
And finally someone praised the hummus. And that was that.
What are the costs of say, investing in a new manufacturing plant in the country in which you want to expand? These are the fixed costs – they will stay the same no matter how many cars you sell. With a bit of luck, you’ll probably get some help from your interviewer here.
I allegation a haircut.
They fought for us and all our rights,
I haven't been sore since Saturday.
"Come, sit," he said as he poured. Eva's parents, terrified, obeyed. He pushed the glasses towards them.
The goal of the training is to be able to do 100 consecutive push ups without a break by the end of 6 weeks. The last time I did the training, I only made it through week 3, at which point I could knock out about 20 push ups without stopping, which was, in itself, a HUGE improvement over my previous state of not being able to do 10 modified (knee) push ups!!
Attorney Cheryl Pilate, who represents the clinic, said a report was filed with Kansas City, Kan., police and with the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Pilate said the clinic also has surveillance tapes of the break-in and will seek criminal prosecution.
Name Surname, please contact us or change your country to complete your purchase.
I don't always want to talk about it but sometimes I do because my whole life is so tied up with how it affects me and how it makes me feel.
And now, if you'll excuse me, it's time to ignore my German lessons, scrapbooking, working out, and photo uploading: I'm off to work.
Cream the cream cheese and sugar together in a mixer. Add in the Cool Whip until combined. Spread over cooled pretzel crust. Chill in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes before topping with Jell-O.
and maybe with ones who sat with you 3 weeks postpartum while you cried and sifted through the jungle of hormones that now controlled your life.
- There are no barriers to entry into the daily deal market; and the number of competitors is growing with Facebook and Google the latest entrants. Basically, all you need is a sales force
Glance at New York Times front page. (confirm: world still spinning.)
the exhausting process
And we say, That’s three
And in case there is a lapse in our procedure somewhere, we can always rely on Sri Krishna, to fill in the gaps, cover for us and ensure that we get pUrNaphala or the full benefit of an apt service.
When it demands attention
Part of the problem is the lack of clear care standards for the care of companion animals (the only standards apply to stray dogs and to those in the care of licensed pet dealers) and the rest of it are animal cruelty laws that are poorly written and hard to enforce, leading to minor penalties and repeat violations.
Where were you…when
“No, I’m a Muslim, I believe in Allah”
Due to the fact that Michael Jackson was 99% plastic…. He will be melted down and made into Lego Blocks, so that the little kids can play with him for a change
Flirting is done in so many different ways based on a man’s personality, the setting he is in, and the woman. I think the key to being successful at flirting and creating that push pull kind of situation where the woman is kept highly engaged is that a man has to really know and understand communication styles as well as how women often communicate differently than men.
2. Mix 2 cups prepared rice, ground beef, green pepper strips, corn, 1/4 cup cheese, and tomatoe sauce. Stir to mix up and place in a baking dish.
Now over to the new CSI case file #18;
Feeling guilty, ‘cause he knows he’s let her down.
Ornate Frame Punch - Unknown
Pretension does not ground one in truth. Now, of all those who claim to be adhering still to God through His Holy Catholic Religion, amidst the loss of faith throughout the Catholic world most especially in Rome (according to the last phrase of the Second Memoirs of Sr. Maria Lucia, C.D., of Fatima – introducing the “Third Secret of Fatima”; cf., also our post “The Great Tribulation”), only the Sedevacantist (sedes, Latin for “chair”; that is, the Chair of St. Peter in Rome vacant for many decades now either since the reign of Pope John XXIII – who called Vatican II into session in 1962 – or of Pope John Paul II) position then is the orthodox Catholic – and not the position of Abp. Lefebvre and his Priestly Fraternity of St. Pius X (SSPX). The Sedevacantist position therefore is of God.
But sometimes things can be a little discouraging when you're just starting out. You look at your blog and then look at some of the awesome established bloggers out there and wonder if you'll ever make the grade.
http://www.marchofdimes.com/pregnancy/pretermlabor_fetalfibronectin.htmlwhich is a test which is a swab of the cervix to tell if you are close to delivery, close to rupture. I always passed that test too.
Yes, I know I could post onto my blog from the phone, but those little keys take forever... I am a pretty slow texter still... but I am willing to practice! 'Scuse me... gotta go answer a call! :-)
Arthur Barrow-Bass, Vocals
so let's do what my little cousin is doing in that last picture. let's do some sort of karate chop on perfection & fake glamour and let's get real. are you with me? for narnia?
So being green is also being cheap- I learned this at a fancy school. You might have heard of it- it was called School of Growing Up Poor.
Well, the two concepts actually go together perfectly, Why?
I walked over to the produce place yesterday to purchase some fruits. I wasn’t sure what they had in but I knew I wanted to try something new. Turns out they were almost out of all their fruits. There were a few kiwi, which I don’t like and already have a couple in the fridge for my son, mango, oranges and apples. This wasn’t looking too good. As I’m listening to the man tell me tomorrow (now today) is produce day I’m thinking mango and orange sounds like a tasty combination. I already have a few apples at home and the kiwi, so I purchase one mango and four oranges (I know at least one of the kids will want one, too). Once home I do a little online searching to see if others make smoothies with mangos and oranges and if so, is there a good way to go about the prep. Well, there are tons of recipes using these two beautiful fruits! And it seems prepping the oranges is as simple as peeling and removing seeds! Several recipes instructed me to prep, then freeze the fruits, but I decided against doing that. I had plenty of other thing to do yesterday.
Bazill- red and white cardstock,
I could dress better, more expensive, more youthful. There is nothing wrong with taking care of oneself. My sense is that as I have gotten older, I have paid less attention to my appearance and that’s a bad thing. It has nothing to do with being comfortable in my own skin, with graying hair and such. It has to do with throwing up my hands and wondering oh what’s the use. It is a symptom of a bigger issue: that I don’t like to look in the mirror because I don’t like what I see. And so why bother doing anything about what I see there, in that reflection of that seriously old person. What’s the point? Okay, so this may be a little too revealing for a blog post, but I am getting to a point here.
I edge forward, towards the family room and the patio doors. I still can’t see anything. I’m glancing left and right.
Shadow of love
What can I say
They came out of the alley, one for each of us. I remembered a sharp, exploding pain in my head then nothing. When I came out of it, I seen Cassie lying there in a huge pool of her own blood, her chest slashed open. I don’t know how I got to her. I could see part of her heart beating, beating, then not.
is loosely based on a case you tried. Can you briefly share with us some of the details of that case and why it is special to you?
They are also available as ebooks, of course!
But there is something more, a warning maybe. Some of the most disturbing issues raised by Fingerprints of the Gods concern the type and extent of planetary catastrophe that would have had to occur in order to obliterate almost all traces of a large civilisation. The evidence for such a catastrophe, and indeed for more than one of them, is surprisingly strong. If they have happened before
Mogulof said the university had hoped to avoid “any kind of confrontation” and had undertaken a “patient dialogue” over the past few weeks with the activists, who refused to cede control of the area back to the university. College of Natural Resources Dean Keith Gilless visited the site to speak with members of Occupy the Farm on numerous occasions…Mogulof added: “You can’t do good science when you have a few dozen uninvited, untrained guests roaming around in what is essentially an open-air laboratory”.
Sayres M, Wyshak G, Denterlein G, Apfel R, Shore E, Federmand D. Pregnancy during residency. N Engl J Med 1986; 314: 418-423.
When only thing you feel is
Hit them. Hit them hard. Hit them often. Hit them in their zone. Hit them in our zone. Hit them at mid-ice. Hit them into the boards. Then do it again. If the Sens are too busy picking themselves up off the ice, they can't make plays. The Rangers must make Ottawa's ICEcapade come to a grinding halt and make it as if they were skating in sand. Our fore check will have to be relentless, and our back liners will have to wipe-out anyone who decides to get in front of Henrik.
The recipe comes from the book: キッシュ&タルト (quiche &tart) by 三宅 郁美 (Ikumi Miyake) If you notice I got this book on focus about 3 months ago, ^ ^, well, like always I just can't find enough time to do anything that I want to try.
Speaking of fathers, I had a funny memory of mine today: I remember when I was about 6-ish—skinny, with a light blonde and VERY unflattering chili bowl haircut—I would go visit my dad at his “Singles Only” swinging 70s apartment complex. His unit was on the ground floor, right in front of the pool. So of course I spent every waking moment of the summer days I was over there swimming. Daddy would lay out by the pool with a cooler of cold Coors and a portable radio next to him and doze all day while I yelled, “Watch this! Watch this! Watch this! Daddy! Watch!” at him about a gazillion times. (As if he might actually be interested in my canon balls or water ballet moves.) But the thing I remembered today was how annoying I was when he’d dare to bring something poolside to read. He’d be checking out the newspaper or a magazine, and I would splash him from the pool, getting whatever he was reading all wet. If THAT didn’t work, then I’d actually get out of the pool and come punch the back of the paper or magazine. And if I still wasn’t getting what I thought was adequate attention from him, I would administer a karate chop to the spine of the reading material that was often times fatal (since whatever it was probably already wet). God, what a brat, right? He would just sigh, light another cigarette and pop open another beer, and watch me for a while until he fell asleep. Those were the days…
1/4 teaspoon onion powder
That's why we unschool.
I went to Deserres a.k.a Loomis, they were having a 100th anniversary sale... Lucky Me!! They had a bunch of cool stuff there although not as complete as a specialty scrapbook store. But i did find some nice things to buy.. ^o^
2. Crisp up bacon, cut into small pieces and set aside. Drain bacon grease from pan and reserve 1 Tbsp. for later.
Tbh i have already abused one of my sisters emotionally and physically. I used to think it was just normal sibling rivalry or the arguments that sisters have, but today i came to the realisation it was probably something more. that i acted out on my sister because my mother and father both took out their aggression on me, and i couldn’t fight them completely but she was defensless against me. I’m not excusing what I’ve done but it now makes sense. I just hope that she doesn’t grow up too affected by it and doesn’t carry on the cycle to my younger brothers and sisters. One day I will explain. I guess that’s one more reason to keep going because i have apologies to make in the future.
We headed up to the Camelback Inn, the wedding venue, to meet with Ian's family before heading downtown Scottsdale for some Mexican food.
Until they were so dizzy that their zips all came undone!
I am telling the story of our lives together in bits and pieces. At some point there will be a coherent narrative, but for today, I just wanted to remember the day Traci moved in. If I had to do it all over again, I would not change a thing. Frida, Muddy Waters and all.
Really, that’s the whole film. It’s a two hour extended torture session. Caviezel is a veritable font of gore; who would’ve thought he had so much blood in him. The majority of the Jews and the vast bulk of the Romans are depicted as savages and sadists. Of course, that’s also entirely the point here.
So where to look?
Guess that would rule out Castlemaine XXXX along with anything done in the “Heineken Refreshes The Parts” and “I bet he drinks Carling Black label”. Hofmeister’s “Follow The Bear” would fail on almost every count (There’s probably now some sort of provision in the notes of guidance prohibiting bears in yellow jackets and pork pie hats…).
Oh, one may have second and third thoughts about President Obama’s dispatching of “advisers” to help Uganda’s government fight the LRA. Anyone who remembers Vietnam would think twice about such a deployment, though Rush appears not to remember Vietnam at all (!), and ignores the dramatic success of Obama’s policies toward Libya over the past year.
The afternoon was slipping away. Feet dragged. Pauses abounded. Silence hastened time, past and present.
Red Velvet: 38
Jesus did not seek power. Instead, Jesus gave away power and took on the nature of a servant. Yet, out of this disposition of servanthood, Jesus gained the authority that allowed him to change the world!
While downloadable agreeable has helped ascertain this abode of gaming by assiduity the lives of abounding games, and agenda administration could accept a lot to action both publishers and consumers, adapted now there are too abounding obstacles to overcome; and with Blu-ray starting to become an industry standard, I don't see concrete media accepting in actuality replaced for in actuality some time. I, for one, accept no botheration with that.
Sin is inherent
Luther: Old enough to know better.
And the load – now finally lifted -
-Do say, "I have lighted a candle for your baby," or "I have said a prayer for your baby."
Dad mulled over what I’d just said and a wry smile spread across his face. ’Actually scratch that. Load my cadaver into a catapult and fire it into the air. Wherever it lands I’d like to be left to rot.’
There is no copyright in ideas. An idea isn't something that is 'tangible'. Not until you write it down. Then it becomes tangible and you own the copyright in the way you have expressed that idea.
Most of my aprons seem to be half-length despite the fact that I am a chronically messy person. Put me in a kitchen and I will come out covered in something. If I were practical, I would make an apron that came up to my collar bone, down to my ankles, and had long sleeves attached. But, who wants to be practical?
I’s written into the syncopation of every breath ..
If for some reason you are not able to discharge your drinking duty, the correct procedure is to buy your round on your way out after making suitable heartfelt apologies to those you intend to leave behind. Do not leave your mates with the impression that they are not worthy of having you drink with them. This is very Un-Australian and Un-Blokey.
Passing through the Old Market Square I was somewhat surprised to see this guy dressed as a 1980s disco diva dancing through the water feature.
Although I love the whole franchise, I miss the old Bond– the suave, unruffled, tuxedo-clad playboy of old, the sort of Bond who’d only look up from his Martini to either have casual sex with an exotic beauty, shoot a foreigner in the face or make a heroically awful pun. The whole James Bond franchise has changed in the introduction of Daniel Craig (a more emotionally bruised Bond who doesn’t go even five minutes with a Russian Supermodel). Makes me wonder what will happen to the next Bond movie….
In order to facilitate your asking, I present to you in the sections below, two prayers that encompass re-dedication to Christ and Baptism in the Holy Spirit. Normally this type of prayer(s) are presented at the conclusion of what is called a “Life in the Spirit Seminar” conducted within a Charismatic Prayer Group or a Charismatic Parish. This seminar is the usual venue where one is prayed for to receive the “Baptism in the Spirit”. The community setting is appropriate because it is within such a community that the spiritual gifts are, fostered, nurtured and practiced. However, in the global outreach of these articles there are many who do not have direct access to a charismatic community, thus these prayers are provided so that you may, in private or in your own small group pray for the Baptism In the Holy Spirit. You do not need to wait to find a prayer group – activate your faith as soon as possible, while the fire of your faith is strong. Later when you do encounter a Charismatic community you can revitalize your commitment at their services (see Community Links below). And, I might add, if the Spirit leads you, begin your own prayer group!
a table now blackened tin sheets, my hand truck a fossil.
I am so easily thrown off course. Lately by fatigue and weariness. But considering Him - all that He endured and knowing He understands bone tiredness brings me hope and the strength I need!
Matzoh Balls
Tuesday en route to Siem Reap (Angkor Wat): Pastor Ivanildo offered people some dried cranberries as he does every time that we're on the bus. As he poured some cranberries into my hand, a red bug started crawling out from among the cranberries and up my arm. A red bug! REALLY?! Had it not crawled up my arm when it did, it would've gone straight into my mouth with the cranberries! In a fit of panic, I squealed like a little girl, and the cranberries and bug went flying out of my hands. Pastor Ivanildo reminded me that people eat those bugs in Cambodia. Yes, but ALIVE?! Unfortunately for everyone else, the reaction was too quick to capture on film. I, for one, am grateful!
SAY SOMETHING!
The principle which potentiates all existence,
Mare51089: that's so....awesomely strange
Hill loved Literature with a capital L. He drew the themes for his novels from the works of Francis Bacon, Thomas Lovell Beddoes, Emily Dickinson; A Cure for All Evils (2008) updates Jane Austen’s unfinished novel Sanditon and gives it an ingenious conclusion. But, having “decided to grow out of” reading crime fiction in his teens, he discovered after a “decade of maturation” that many crime writers “were still as interesting and entertaining as the ‘serious novelists’ I now revered”. All of his 40-odd books are crime novels or thrillers: the genre proved flexible enough to accommodate all he wanted to say about the times he lived in. The Hockney Show at the Royal Academy has been overwhelmed with Culture Vultures but one critic at the Telegraph doesn't get it:
We went in and there were holes in the floor with nothing but night sky filling them. A floating giant head that mumbled and spit acid at Creskin. It popped when I planted a bullet between its eyes. Don was fascinated by the doors. He was looking through one door and could see the back of us. He kept doing it. Never seen a man so interested in looking at his own ass before.
Another factor to be considered is the security risk involved in evicting occupiers. In some instances, occupiers threaten the farmer with violence, or the farmer learns through the grapevine that he would be ill-advised to evict an occupier. For the sake of his family’s security, he leaves the occupier and family where they are. The Act has come in for some criticism in the courts. In October 2000, Deputy Judge President of the Witwatersrand High Court Hermanus Flemming declared that the Act was unconstitutional. “Allowing people to choose to stay at another’s property whenever they choose and simply because they so choose, at the expense of others’ lawful rights, is clearly not land reform.” (2)
The initial news cycle centered on the Vatican’s attempted suppression of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious (LCWR), the leading organization of U.S. nuns, seems to be dying down. However, make no mistake: the story is not over! The most important piece of it is yet to come: How will the nuns respond to the Vatican’s Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith (CDF) decision to place an archbishop in charge of their conference, in effect, displacing the women’s leadership of themselves?
Since the die is a bit lacy, I thought the Corset I image from Bonibleaux Designs would be perfect. I created my own background by airbrushing Copic markers over a mask created from the Canadian Kaleidoscope die by Cheery Lynn Designs onto white cardstock. For the "lace" behind the Corset, I cut out two additional Canadian Kaleidoscope die cuts, cut each one in half, and folded each of the four pieces accordion style and layered them on top of each other.
The 49-year-old Fashion Star executive producer and host wore a black spaghetti strap fringed cocktail mini dress. The short frock was accessorized with a gold watch, large gold cuff bracelet, thick black belt and black and gold peep-toe pumps with a gold cuff ankle strap.
Although there are exceptions, you will find that the authentic ‘natural’ farmers are God-fearing men. Every task they perform and every decision they make, is done only on approval from their Creator. This is the foundation upon which they base their success, --- and also their failures. Their day begins with prayer and thanksgiving at first light, and ends that way when they lay their weary heads down to rest. ‘Idleness’ and ‘laziness’ does not exist in their vocabulary, and you will find that they are rather intolerant towards those who have such traits.
The violinist received his first dollar. A woman threw money in the hat and, without stopping, continued to walk.
“I know one. Maybe I’ll ask her.” Jane left out the part about the friend being a spirit.
A good sentence will satisfy me for days.
You will not be able to find this kit at this price anywhere but at Flourishes, be sure to head on over and pick up your own kit. For only $13.50 you can't beat that price, and you get such a wonderful amount of http://shop.flourishes.org/123_Create_Kit_Pretty_in_Pink_p/card_kit_march.htm
Starting this summer they will be doing art projects, and field trips, and more, since they (my son and her daughter) are now reaching the super discovery age. They even did a little practice recently - she 'helped' my son make Valentines for my husband and I. =)
MIDDLE EAST: The charade of the UN truce in Syria is just buying Assad time unfortunately with no cease fire or withdrawal of troops. I don’t think the approximate 27,000 refugees that have fled to Turkey will be returning home soon. 300,000 people have been displaced, and a million people urgently need humanitarian aid. Suburbs of Homs look obliterated. As discussed before, I’ll never understand all the complexities and proxies in relation to Syria – like the relationship between Turkey and Iran, but the Syrian regime seems to be protected by its strategic significance. Apparently the best chance is for a revolt from within the military.
Diane Lynn Tibert is freelance writer living in central Nova Scotia. Her current project, Shadows in the Stone, will be released later this year. In her spare time, she writes a genealogy column for several Atlantic Canada newspapers. Readers can follow her fiction writing on her Writer ~ Dreamer blog (http://dianetibert.com) and her genealogy ramblings on her Roots to the Past blog (http://rootstothepast.com).
BOREALIS
Huckleberry Finn has been rocking the Korean indie club circuit for over a decade and is one of Korea’s finest harder edged alternative rock units around. Part of this is due to the ferocity of lead singer Lee Soyoung’s vocals, whose husky rock howl matches pound-for-pound ever other rock singer in the scene. And while Huckleberry Finn won’t have the broadness of Jaurim’s appeal, being quite tied to their specific alternative rock sound, Lee Soyoung will provide the kind of powerhouse female rock vocals that will rattle the audience, especially when tied up with the band’s potent arrangements.
“Can I see the body?”I asked.
Broken English.
N1
Unlawful killings: Chairman of the Bloody Sunday Inquiry Lord Saville (C), pictured during the inquiry in Northern Ireland with John Toohey (L) and William Hoyt (R). He is expected to find the soldiers guilty
a virtual living space
DJ: ok, you've convinced me to stay
Lunch- Attendee pays for their own lunch
Our mornings of terror have improved massively. A couple of months ago I decided that I was letting go of what Miss A wore. I moved her knickers, nighties, leggings, shorts, t-shirts, skirts and dresses to her bottom two drawers. And left it with her to decide what she wanted to wear. Only proviso was that she had to have her shoulders covered if she was going to day care(their rule) and no new/ good clothes to day care. If it was cold and she didn't want to wear warm clothes I'd throw a warm top in my bag for her.
I hope you will check out the rest of this week's creations...maybe even leave some kind words for the DT's efforts. I would love to see what you come up with using this sketch....
After I cleared my web history, it let me pause the collection, which is probably where I"ll leave it for now until I understand what this means and how it impacts the legal requirements.
I have done several other starts, studies and started a 30x40. I had the pleasure of having my youngest son come to stay with me for a few days in early March. He was interested in learning about value and how it is related to color. Both of my sons have artistic ability, but it's showing up as an interest later, they're in their mid-20's. We set up a simple still life, I did a demo and then Erik painted this, his very first value study. I'm very, very proud of what he did. It's obvious to me that he has the eye and hand and could develop this into a lifelong pursuit with no end to it.
Eat the world
Karam (2005)
#3: The campaign dresser is in desperate need of a makeover. But until I figure out what function it will serve or (more importantly) what room it will live in, I am fighting the urge to do anything to it.
Produced by Travis Richter of From First To Last, You Can’t Spell Slaughter Without Laughter is an inspired combination of pop, hardcore and electronica.
Great Divide Brewing Company Chocolate Oak Aged Yeti
“Thank you, sir; it’s very considerate. The old woman’s close on eighty, so it’s only what we can expect; but if she should take a turn for the worse, my wife would like to go.”
I am absolutely blown away by my Lord! There is some scriptures that The Lord gave my wife many years ago before all this happened and has been fulfilled.
Sent out a “This and that…” mostly a re hash of Thoreau.
10. Going Down Slow
* You can also grind the green chillies,mint leaves & coriander leaves to a smooth paste and add to the rice rather than the chopped ones.(more flavorful)
Here’s an opportunity for students still looking for a class for fall: Introductory Indonesian. This beginning level course will be taught by Australian National University faculty member Amrih Widodo and IU Fulbright Scholar Mateus Yumarnamto using videoconference technology and live local instruction. Details may be found in the attached and include:
I have tried to copy my old design as closely as possible to avoid confusion and you can still access the blog by typing www.onesmileymonkey.com
I realized this March that am I super grateful that I am an educator and especially in first grade. I wouldn't change my assignment for the world. It would take A LOT.
The original Illuminati began with only five members and quickley grew in numbers. These men where very intelligent and respected scientists, doctors, philosophers and logical thinkers who endeavored to prove the world with science. The Roman Catholic church didn’t take to kindly to this blasphemy against god and drove these individuals underground into a secret society.
The only way to really understand how your website is performing is to monitor your metrics carefully and consistently.
- But he's no good at being uncomfortable, so
Does it help having celebrities involved to increase awareness?
Last week, I finally finished The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo! It was sooo good I could barely put it down. I really liked the way the different stories come together at the end, and the mystery is really well played out. I could tell that the author hadn’t really written a book like this one before, but I’m very excited to get the next ones and start reading! I definitely love the way he writes about his characters – I empathized with Henrik Vanger throughout the book. My favorite character is, probably predictably, Salander. I also really prefer the Swedish title of the book, which literally translates to “Men who hate women”. Any thoughts?
The one thing that bothers me about this movie is the Sam Neill character. I know that he is supposed to be the other guy, but I wish I could have how did he fall in love with Ada to make him do some of the things he did in the movie.
Hatch M. Introduction: Biological assessments in female reproductive toxicology. Environ Health Perspect 1987; 74: 55-56.
We have to stress that these baccy trips will be for legitimate cross-border shoppers only! There will be no limits on the amount of tobacco you purchase for personal use. We expect you to be fully prepared and adhere to all our advice for any hassle from UKBA/BF you may encounter. I sincerely doubt UKBA/BF will be prepared for us!
12) Now that you're a soon-to-be-published author and a more experienced writer, what advice would you give to your unpublished self?
13. What did you dream about last night?
I also reread the letters in Grandison by Richardson that Southam claims lies behind the play. What bothers me about this text as a reader of Richardson’s Grandison is Austen has omitted the intensities of Richardson’s depth. Even in comedy Richardson cannot be light. But then that fits too as I am coming to see her when she starts out, before she begins rewriting.
I am into what my kids are doing to a fault. I am on their myspaces. I have their passwords and I do check their phones. They have to ask for permission to be on the computer and I have parental controls that limit what they can do. I also check the browser history to see what sites they go on. Amazingly they don't seem to mind. They ask for my help to do their backgrounds and we look at their friends statuses and pages together. I have always told them they do not have a right to privacy over safety and that I care enough to know what they are doing. Is it enough?
D.H: Oh man! The Chevy truck Armageddon Ad, that was classic. Loved it!
“Before Islam, the position of women in Arab society varied. In some communities, women took a hand in religion, trade, or warfare. Most women, however, were under the control of a male guardian and could not inherit property. Futhermore, among a few tribes, unwanted daughters were sometimes killed at birth.
Hey, all! Ooh, I wish I could have let you all know about this earlier as it appears we are at the point where there are only two days left to the newest promo of Johnnie Boden's, but at least I am able to tell you all about it. LOL. ;)
I attended a two day workshop presented by Bruce Baker the craft marketing guru whose columns I have read in The Crafts Report ever since my career as a professional craft artist began some time ago. I’m glad I went. Mr. Baker was informative, engaging and entertaining. Among the pages of notes I managed to take during the workshop sessions, the one concept that stood out more than any other was that we as craft artists need to tell our customers a story about our work. This little exchange of information will make the sale more personal and the memory of it long lasting. So when the piece is admired, the buyer can repeat the story, or if the piece is a gift then the giver can retell the story to the recipient. This is what makes the piece special to the buyer.
I keep looking around at all the suffering and all the problems in the world, especially innocent suffering – like starving or abused children, or people bombed out of their homes or lives destroyed by natural or man-made events. And of course, our global media makes it all so much more immediate. I hear about the train crash in Poland that kills 30 people the morning it happens. We practically can watch the bombs being dropped in Syria, and the children and mothers starving in the Sudan.
That she knew of
Heart a mess,
She started to talk to me, but I ducked my head. "Have a great Easter!" she said.
The reason is because I thought way back how the media reported that most “Young black and Latino men weren’t going to make it past 18.” We lost a lot of friends during those turbulent 1980s and 1990s, but my best friends and I thought about it and we made it. I thought about how when we were 18 they said, “Young black (and Latino) men won’t make it past 21″ and we did. Then they said, “Young black (and Latino) men won’t make it past 25″ and again, we thought about it and did. Unfortunately, because of the grim picture that the media painted for me. I looked at every birthday for a young urbanite as a game of survival and nothing to be celebrated. In fact, I almost fell into the Westernize trap this year of just thinking of this day as being just a number to dread because it means you’re getting older and closer to death. (Westerners fear death.)
It’s been weeks since I have been here, to this screen, to write. Weeks since I have put any thought into any words beyond those which I have needed to connect me from one moment, to the next moment, and to the next…words like tendons, holding this life together. The bare minimum, messy, sproingy, elastic, strong, keeping the skeleton underneath upright.
Really, I'd forgotten what it was like living under Tories. Once or twice a week they roll out something utterly outrageous, so obviously cruel, duplicitous and/or corrupt that it stuns you with its gall and makes you feel powerless to stop it even though it's a once-in-a-generation horror. Then a few days later it's superceded by the next one.
The court heard that the victim asked if Yildirim wanted money, to which he replied that he did not.
It also made me recall the lasting impression I got as I left the brewery with my takeaways. A large poster frames the exit door and, had I not been in a hurry, I would have unpacked the camera and snapped a memento.
I am a mother who loves taking care of her kids. I want to be their primary caregiver. I want to be extremely hands on. But I also want a clean house & clean clothes… this is sometimes difficult to do when the children are constantly underfoot.
this cause is very dear to my heart because my mama is
1 protecting
Ditto the others.
3. British encouraging Natives to attack Americans.
A lot of things had already happened.
So. The order of the day is Books I’d Give a Theme Song To. This presents me with some difficulty; typically, a book’s plot or themes are more complex than any given song, and as such the song can’t necessarily represent the entirety of the book thematically…at least, not many songs I know. Have we mentioned I don’t deal well with instrumental music? I really have difficulty with musical comprehension without lyrics to grab hold of.
A few challenges...be sure to check them out too:
There are a variety of botulinum toxin products including BOTOX, DYSPORT, and XEOMIN. Botox was first approved in 1989 to treat blepharospasm. They each work by temporarily weakening or paralyzing the affected spasmodic muscles. Benefits begin in 1-14 days after the treatment and last for an average of three to four months. Long-term follow-up studies have shown it to be a very safe and effective treatment, with up to 90 percent of patients obtaining almost complete relief of their blepharospasm. Side effects are usually rare and technique dependent. They include drooping of the eyelid (ptosis), double vision (diplopia), and tearing. All are transient and recover spontaneously.
not a dainty spirit like the northern sun
Abby Martin gets the Sibel Edmonds story…
“Oh,” was Harold’s singular reply as he gazed off, drooling.
As she walked back out of the kitchen, she happened to notice the answering machine steadily blinking a red number 1, signifying that there had been a message at some time during the evening that she had missed. She frowned, but released it, knowingly. Probably when I took my shower, she thought. She tapped the play button and lowered the sound by clicking the down arrow on the volume control. It was a message from the school. Report cards had come out and Jerod had neglected to show them to her.
Hugh Laurie recently said that he felt “a tremendous responsibility” to do Leonard justice in the episode,which airs on Monday, April 20 in the US.
For those of you who want to gain weight, you should drink this refreshing herbal tea. Contrary to the benefits of green tea that helps lose weight, lemon mint tea is rich in these antioxidants can actually increase your appetite.
1 groovy
- Packing my hospital bags!
I was born an American citizen abroad. I began my life in 1979 in Singapore, the son of American and Singaporean parents. Even while I was swimming in my mother’s womb, I was travelling between the Philippines – where my parents lived – and Singapore – where my mother wanted me to be born. I stayed in Asia for the first decade of my life, then we moved to America: Dallas, Los Angeles, Long Beach, and Anaheim. By this time, despite going to boarding school for high school, I had caught the travel bug. I went on to live in and around: Detroit; Boston; Rome; St. Marys, Kansas; Chino, California; and then back to Orange County before moving to Overland Park, Kansas, where I currently work and live.
Yet-
To ignore upper/lower case distinctions, use the -i option, i.e. type
It's just nice to be able to sit and sew, and think it will go much faster this way.
I personally haven’t found any GREAT apps to use for this. Even Happy Cow is limited. Although, it is one of the better apps to use. Vegan Eating Out is another app to try out. It lists restaurants (e.g. Boston Market/Carrabbas Italian Grill) and items on the menu that are Vegan. There use to be a great Vegan app for the area you were in and it was a map showing you where each place is and I haven’t been able to find that app again since getting my phone replaced.
ELF Studio Blush in Peachy Keen. I like it but there doesn't seem to be enough color but more of a peachy-golden sheen. Doesn't work that well as blush for my skin tone but good as a highlighter. However, as much as they wish to emulate Nars in packaging, they fail in the longevity. It's gone by noon.
I'll keep it open until after the holidays in case you need some time to get it posted. I can't wait to see 'em!
It kneels before it in awe.
Sights and sounds, loss and glory,
As a child, he and his Grandma built cities out of scraps of wood....
This came together in about 15 minutes, was delicious, and will definitely be made again!
Please send all mail to:
Playing with his new pirate playmobil.
Our family line was ready by then. That great-grandmother was pregnant and we are here because she, unlike her husband, was at a safe place.
THe AHS recipe calls for Cascades but we know that those are in short supply. Vanguard hops are one that can be in supply and it is said that they can be used as a replacement for Cascades. So here's a red with all Vanguard.
Towards this, it is mandatory that when you sign up, you decide to spend valuable time being part of the group. That also means, no hasty and hurried posts, no posts that looks like last minute dished out recipes with blurry pictures that may be from nowhere. Your posts should have a mandatory picture of the dish published. Sticking to a reasonable time frame of posting as per the rules of the marathon is expected. Though I am quite lenient towards this, one has to be understand and accept being part of a group that will be waiting to read their posts.
Unfortunately, I have to leave my wonderful husband and two dogs for a week (sadface). My husband is literally my best friend. We can talk about anything. I can dance like a fool to Super Bass in the kitchen while cooking dinner and he doesn’t judge me. Match made in heaven? Umm yes!
According to another Harris Interactive survey, almost two-thirds of mobile app users prefer mobile ads that contain coupons, deals, or newsletters over commercial and video ads. So SMBs should try performance-branding solutions that engage people with deals and coupons. For the most impact, ads should also include a strong call to action and stress exclusivity.
b) The prohibition to execute new editions of the book or the video, or of other books and/or videos, that defend the same already criticised thesis, and that are destined to be sold or divulged by any means, in Portugal;
On the cover of my copy there’s a recommendation from Time Out that sums it all up very neatly:
Even if you're not a fan of either the band or the browser I'd say download the latter and interact with the music video from the former.
My oldest children, ages 8 and 6, who were actively using the program, would often race to the computer to see who would get there first. The youngest, didn't really care for being timed. He felt he was being too rushed and wouldn't carefully take his time. He loved when he would get an answer correct too but was very disappointed that when he got an answer wrong, he wasn't allowed to go back and correct it. Many times it was a slight error in judgement and he knew as soon as he hit 'enter' that he typed in the wrong answer.
The Bettys Series 2
Length : 124.31
Lucky Peach, a professional cooking magazine with a hipster edge, ran a spotlight on mother-loved recipes for Mother’s Day.
TRIVIAL PURSUIT: The opening weekend box office of $10.2 million was the most ever for a nature documentary.
Then I wrote what was new and what I wanted to be.
Interestingly, the more I think about "beauty," the more I've come to realize that the most attractive people -- to me -- are those that accept this maxim, "nothing to undo."
The human hero goes there in search of a rare herb and Indra‘s daughter suitably named Indraja, goes there to see the prakruti soundaryam (beauty of nature) of the universally famous bhulokam (world of earth). The divine beauty Indraja was played by Sridevi, the only one who could have played that role at that time and the hero by Chiranjeevi, the only one who could match her in dance and glamour at that time in telugu cinema!
ONE MORE THING! Be sure to take time to head to the Scrapbook and Cards Today magazine blog! There is a LOT of fun going on there today as well, with challenges and prizes too! I will be back later today to share a fun challenge for you from SCT so be sure to check back. New challenges will be posted hourly!
I think because we have these ideas of older ladies trying to act younger than they are sporting a tight animal print dress that makes many of us chringe at the thought of sporting anything inspired by a wild cat.
I Am One Who awakens your creativity.
At the funeral this past week, my aunt commented the same thing — that I must be happy about getting a part in the musical because I lit up when I talked about it.
"The theme is about the difficulty of the outsider. Bela is an outsider, the vampires are outsider within the greater society, both because of their behavior and their innate status. There are subthemes there as well, such as man's separation from nature, the intolerance of people for those different from themselves..."
But as all parents know, you can never say never. I banned pink clothes for my babies. Today, the girls’ closets are filled with pink. Forbade Halloween candy. That lasted about 2 mins. Etc. etc.
You are who you are, beloved,
Please stop over and let her know we sent you, I know she will love your visit.
One of the things I keep intending to start is a travel journal; I haven’t quite got there yet. I’ve got a bad habit of relying on a handful of digital photos and my own memory, but I think I’d appreciate, at some point, having some kind of a written record of the places I’ve seen and experienced. Plus, it would be nice to have a place to actually keep those admission stubs, tickets, site brochures and other minutae that I tend to bring home from any trip.
Thank-you again for your excellent submission, and we wish you the best as you pursue your studies and learning experience through your future endeavours. Please check our website regularly for updates on other potential opportunities with Siddharth Jain.
He was terrorised like this for three hours. At 4am they gave him his keys and he left. He believed that they might have stolen some of his cheques from the bakkie – he will get verification from the bank. He has submitted a formal charge. “People must know. I cannot remain silent. I was victimised and illegally detained.â€ Warrant officer Malebo Khosana, confirmed that Van der Merwe lodged a complaint which wil be investigated. The investigation will be conducted by the Hennenman police station.
we shall hear a mighty trumpet blast..
6. Partnering (or more) with LEDES Oversight Committee
I was in WalMart yesterday & saw a guy walking through the store with an HBCU tee shirt on. That stands for Historically Black Colleges & Universities, and the shirt listed all of the members of the HBCU organization. While the shirt itself wasn't offensive, all I could think was, "Damn, if I had a shirt that mentioned Historically White Colleges & Universities, I'd be a racist."
In order for Noah not to attend, we’d attend in shifts going to different service times so that someone was always able to be at home with Noah where it was quiet and calm. Each year, I would wistfully watch other extended families of parents, children, grandparents, aunts and uncles attending together wishing it was my own.
This one was circulating around Pinterest and I wanted to try it. I don't know about revolutionary, but it is good and way simpler than the 12 step baked counterparts. Matt wasn't a huge fan, but I liked it. I definitely had to add more milk than it called for, possibly because I used small shell shaped pasta? I definitely added a healthy pinch of black pepper and cayenne. I served this with roasted veggies.
Now that he's nearing the end of his competitive career, I'm starting this process over again with another teammate. The goal of this post isn't to encourage others to start showing their dogs, but to remind myself of all the lessons I've learned over the last decade. I'm going to use these lessons as I start off with my new partner in canine (I love puns), @VestaTheDog. @MousetheDog's new job will be to teach her all that he knows, and Basil's new job will be to keep our new little tyke in line.
When you’re picking your wedding date you have to consider your guests. Not every single one of them, but talk to you key group – immediate family on both sides and close friends. If everyone lives in the same city/town you’re getting married in then a weekday wedding shouldn’t be a real problem – and it can save you money – but a middle of the day weekday wedding can be difficult for people to get to.
In 2002, Pressly flaunted herself in "Demon Island" and triggered earthquakes along the Russia/China border, in the Fiji islands, and in Alaska.
There’s no such Eden. But it is very close-knit, and I’ve lived here
I added a page from a smash pad to keep a note of the materials I used. I crumpled the corner of the page as it looked too 'clean'.
Wally Yonamine - Tokyo Giants
Again Force India uses the Mercedes AMG KERS, similar in design to last year, the combined battery Pack and power electronics unit sits below the fuel tank.
A dove. White, easily frightened.
Well now that Halloween has passed you know what that means, Thanksgiving barely gets a mention and we are straight on to Christmas. So that means I better get started now or I will be so behind I will never be ready in time.
Abundant life for me includes freedom from some things, like addictions, compulsions, fear of disapproval that makes me dishonest, worry, anger, jealousy, the desire to get all the attention and approval, self-focus, greed, hoarding, obsessions, and the drive to control everything from ink pens to people. It also includes freedom to –enjoy God, appreciate His blessings, love others, and experience peace of heart and soul.
- Some Seloka Wedha and Jain in the book is explicitly and completely describe the shape of the 'flying vehicle' called 'Vimana' that its characteristics resemble flying saucers today.
If the most tempting line of rebuttal to all of this is a Kantian one, remember that these arguments are here deployed to show that there are no phenomenal properties. This question about consciousness has been disentangled from the problem of intentionality. The motivations of the three sources of the set of arguments are varied: Hume fills out the radical implications of empiricist epistemology as far as they go; Wittgenstein has a vision about the foundations and limits of logic; and the classical Buddhists appear to take the metaphysical implications of non-duality both literally and seriously. Whatever one makes of these sources (or of my interpretations of them), it is at least fair to say that they place the burden on those who would say that there are phenomenal properties, metaphysically distinct from physical properties, to articulate reasons why anyone should think so.
Okay Confession: When Tracie sent out the invite to the big karaoke party I realized I had nothing to wear and got a little nervous. I took Maggie with me and we hit up all of the thrift stores in North East Columbus, hoping to find something totally radical- and got completely smacked in the forehead with the realization that... chubby girls missed the 80's. That's right. I said it. There was NOTHING 80's to wear! I got some funky jewelry, and decided to get creative with what I had.
But at the end of the day, he is snuggling his toys.
The table is snorting in unison. Bread crumbs are being blown from nose and mouth.
It was a link for potty training "in one day". I knew that Lizzy was 100% capable of going to the bathroom in the toilet, but just preferred to be able to play all day. Also, in our previous attempts, I hadn't done a very good job of being really, really consistent. I also hadn't done a great job of giving Lizzy my absolute, undivided attention. So, I thought this might be a good fit for us, and immediately started telling her that on Friday, we were going to have a "special potty day". On Thursday, we went to pick out special snacks and juices, and started talking about how the day was going to go on Friday.
Well, Katsura cuts the head off of Makoto’s lifeless body and puts it in a bag. Sakai sees the bag there. She can’t exactly runaway from what she did. Katsura gets her revenge by killing Sakai with the intent to check if Sakai was really pregnant.
“You were safe in your factory because of police forces and fire forces that the rest of us paid for.” Funny, my factory has 24/7 security guards because the last time it was broken into, the police did not even bother to take a report, they just said “call your insurance company”. As for fire? The closest fire department is 10 miles away. My insurance company requires that I have a full wet sprinkler system to qualify for insurance because there is no local fire protection.
9. You’ve got the whitest teeth I have ever seen!
Happy Thursday my friends! Today, I would like to show my very first card using one of the gorgeous images from Saturated Canary. I must say I enjoyed so much coloring this cute little girl. "Queen of Hearts" was my first one but won't be the last one! In fact, I already have a couple of images waiting for me to play with. The sentiment if from Magnolia's Sweet Crazy Love collection.
The second hand store across the street and down three blocks is always busy never forgotten except by those who only want to see the new, the fresh, the primary objects before they have connected and grown character and exuded an ambience from serving and being treasured.
The idea of
While we enjoyed the sumptuous Oneg sponsored by the Sisterhood, we got to talk to Ellie Ursis who was the youth group advisor when my sister was in high school, Rhonda Atlas who’s home I spent as much time in as my own hanging out with her daughter when I was a teenager, Harley Rockoff who was the Temple President when I was a kid and who’s son is still a friend of mine and Sandy Bloch who’s husband was also a Temple President of my childhood and son a classmate and Facebook friend.
So, maybe my question today shouldn’t really be “how did I get here?”, but “why did I get here?”
Maybe it's like a lot of stuff, if you think too much about whogivesashit you realise not many people do, or you realise how insignificant the thing you're considering is.
Discard any stone and bad beans before soaking. After soaking rinse the bean with several changes of water. Place the bean into deep pot, covered with water and boil until soft using medium heat. If the water dried up before the bean turns soft, add more water.
The pattern is the The Tucked Infant Gown by Michie Mooney. I love her patterns and have bought two more to work on for Lydia this summer. Here's a closer view of the front.
I’m working on a color palette this weekend for a new advertising campaign and it has brought back a wonderful color memory from my trip to Paris last April—Ladurée Macarons.
My grandma gave me the books, i'm trying to educate myself on finnish poetry.
the weather predicted rain so i settled in for a sleep in. but, the weather was wrong and now i feel guilty that i didn't plan better for this gift of a day. all is green and vibrant. the kind of green that you think you should say verdant instead. you know, to show that you have an appreciation for the depth and lushness of the green.
And davey, next time you feel a pressure on your right side, or a nagging headache, you may just want to wonder, “Is that Garcia stretching?”
This isn’t just about business: it’s about a way of life. Listening to people shows them that you not only value their opinion, but you value them as a person. I find I struggle with this myself: thinking about my response to their comment when I should be listening to what they have to say. We must make listening a part of our life’s calling. It’s essential to our spiritual lives as well. Consider the words in James:
Ah, there they are.
All mere complexities,
The women were the top stars of the meet as Yelena Isinbayeva (RUS) set a meet record of her own as she upped the world lead with her winning 4.83m vault and Sanya Richards (US) ran a world leading 49.57 in the 400 meters.
When a hop-headed pimp with his nose full of coke
Avalon and Axis, two music/dancing venues that attracted drunken throngs of Boston’s music fans and club kids for decades, will be closing down to make way for a bigger music hall. Having spent a great deal of my misspent youth at Axis and a fair amount of my misspent adulthood checking out shows at Avalon, I feel a twinge of sadness. Minus One
"I am a collector of Jewish Sports memorabilia. Back in the late-1990’s, I received a gift-certificate from one of the book stores. I decided to use the gift certificate on the book, When Boxing was a Jewish Sport. It was a fascinating history of Jewish boxers in the 1920s thru 1940s. After I read it, I decided to research & acquire autographs from some of the guys depicted in the book, who were still alive. Then, from there, (and I’m not sure how/why it happened) but I ended up interested in Jewish athletes from all sports, the major sports like baseball and football to the lesser popular sports like golf, gymnastics, lacrosse, tennis, swimming, etc,…
“Get out of the Ghetto Blues”
as nature and melody blend
to gossip or spread rumors – “The neighbors began to talk about the new teacher in town.”;
We got down to the hospital and got Levi checked up and checked in. He kind of acted like he was feeling a little crummy, but we figured that his counts were dropping and he might be feeling some of the effects of the chemo he received last week. Earlier yesterday, while we were in the van, he did throw up his breakast, but we figured it was probably something that didn't agree with him - possibly the bizarre new flavor of Dannon yogurt juice I had picked out. He started to run little fevers, then as the day progressed the fevers intensified. Throughout the night he was in the 102 - 103 range.
As a scientist his quest for understanding the complexities of the universe was a clinical motivation for knowledge so he never imagined that something so tangible and yet so intangible as death would stir him beyond his intellectual senses and create such an obsession. He could see death, stand witness to its quiet passing. Stare down into the eyes of a subject and see that exquisite moment when their consciousness cease to exist. He could measure the electrical impulses between the subjects brain and organs and clinically document the moment but none of that conveyed to any of them what death truly was? The process of reviving the subjects from their death state was tedious and time consuming. A subject could only be revived so many times before their ability to communicate was lost and finding a subject that met the right criteria was also difficult. A healthy subject wasn’t necessary but the subjects ability to clearly articulate their experience to them was. Unfortunately some were too distraught by the process to do that. They found that older specimens deteriorated too quickly to gain any real information and the very young lacked the vocabulary to fully express their thoughts. Mostly they just cried which disturbed him. So they chose subjects that where mid life span. Sex, color, race, made no difference. Once a suitable specimen was located it was his job to per cure it. It was also his job to return the specimen from whence he or she came. Sometimes that didn’t go according to plan and the subject wound up in a completely different location then the one it was taken from. None of them worried over it. With a population as large as this who would notice a few bodies?
Anna truly had one of the kindest and most compassionate hearts ever. If a friend needed her, she was there. She went out of her way to make people feel loved and comfortable in every instance. I remember one particular time when a friend of ours had his wisdom teeth removed. He had a pretty rough go of it, and was feeling pretty miserable for a few days. Everyone who was friends with him gave him the obligatory "I hope you feel better. Let me know if you need anything." And we all meant that. But I'm almost embarrassed to admit that none of us did anything for him without him asking...except for Anna. He never asked for her help or her comfort, but while the rest of us said "get well soon" and then went on with our daily lives, Anna was the one who took it upon herself to make him soup. It seems like a small gesture, but that's who she was and those are the kinds of things that she did. No one else thought to bring him soup, then sit there with him while he ate it, just to keep him company.
Occasionally something will bring me back: a voice. A look from Alex that pierces the eldritch mist, reminding me that I am there, that he sees me. In that moment, I exist again, outside my own mind. But it is uncomfortable; I am now better suited to the images of the half-world, where time is non-linear, where I can be and un-be on a whim, where everything outside the moment of intensity recedes into twilight.
Planets: Moon, Venus
I'm interested to hear the current "academic" perspective on the issue, and interested to see if the discussion goes outside of the typical dichotomous conversation on Blood Quantum (i.e. one side saying "it's good!" and the other "it's bad!"), clearly it's a lot more complicated. The panelists all come from the academic world (and there are two Stanford affiliates--go Card!), so it'll be interesting to see how the conversation flows:
PART 3: FOCUS YOUR COMMUNICATION ON CHANGING BEHAVIOUR, NOT JUST CHANGING ATTITUDE.
God Bless and Keep you both,
Ok so how shocked and disappointed was I when I found out what the challenge was for Magnolia Down Under this week!! Make your sentiment the focal point of the card. WELL, as some of my friends know, sentiments are NOT my strong point BUT when you have an image that's half it's usual size made for holding a sign then PERFECT!!
When we push past God we are only going to make a mess of things. But if we would just sit quietly, listening to God, we will get to receive His perfect promises.
1. see above
And how does it taste?
I’ve already raved about The Arbor, pronouncing it to be one of two winners of my own La Jefita awards for the best female-directed film of 2011. So you’ll excuse me for puffing this one again — it’s just so good. It’s ostensibly a biography of Andrea Dunbar, a precociously gifted young playwright who emerged from a miserable housing estate in Yorkshire rife with the diseases that often accompany poverty — racism, alcoholism, mutual misery. Her plays re-created those voices and conflicts, and was called “a genius straight from the slums.” Meanwhile, Dunbar never escaped that world: she died at age 29 in a pub after a hard life of drinking, bad relationships, with three children born to three different men.
Our emotional relationship with our land and kin is natural and needs no intellectual reasons to justify it any more than spouses have to justify favouring their partner or parents their children. Parents who want other children to do better than their own are perverse and un-natural! They are on the same emotional scale!
He didn’t write a lenghty cs or give me an estimate of intensives to handle it or tell me I should start this or that auditing and it will handle it or send me to ethics or whatever, he didn’t frantically take his e-meter and look for reads about those problems. No he didn’t do that !
A frosty Christmas eve when the stars were shining,
9. Laundry. I just cannot get ahead of the beast this week. It is piling up everywhere & I can't seem to get it done fast enough.
I can hear my mother now…..
Werckmeister Harmonies – cosmos (opening shot)
I am sick and i don’t like it one bit. Its that time when parents suddenly show they care which they always did just not so blatantly. When you are under house arrest, outside food is a big no-no when that’s all you crave. You live on bland food that makes you throw up, while others enjoy a lovely spread. Every body part hurts like hell but no one seems to care while the pain makes home in ur body and mind. All you wanna do is KILL someone but its against the law. And there is no better way to express your frustration. So i am writing this blog trust me this doesn’t help either!
Whenever he has a cheese platter, this bread is an option alongside crackers and that you won’t be disappointed. It’s tasty served with any cheese but his choice is a taleggio. You can leave out the pumpkin seeds if you prefer but please keep the walnuts as they really do make a difference.
I continue to believe that people should get paid for their intellectual labor, and I am particularly interested in paying people who aren't otherwise "economically viable" -- that is people who are saying things that won't immediately help someone sell fast food, and therefore won't immediately attract commercial funding.
the earth continues to shake with bouts of movement sometimes fact or fiction. a year after, i feel shaking, trembling, crackling not quite knowing if its really shaking or a truck or simply someone walking.
Ink - Memento - Tuxedo Black (Tsukineko), Bamboo, Sweet Leaf
Today my middle school son came home and was amused at the opportunity to tell me blond jokes. I had heard all the ones he told, and giggled appropriately, and then as a good responsible parent does, in order to explain why blond jokes, or any jokes singling out stereotypes are wrong, asked where he heard them, fully expecting to hear from one of his buddies.
Twice with their lie.
Or maybe Jews don’t like me cause I am one of their own. Or maybe not funny enough? I am not going to accept that – okay, I may accept that.
The Poet in Me
(Reuters) – In the port of Piraeus, dozens of young men with shaven heads and black t-shirts packed a small room one evening to hear Golden Dawn’s dream of a Greece purged of foreigners, its borders sealed with landmines.
From what we hear, it's Kane and Neil: Happily Never After. They say parting is such sweet sorrow, but wouldn't it be nice if just for once it didn't have to be?
As for her body condition, she was kind of on the thin side when we got her. However even without any grain I think that she has gotten to a better body condition, maybe because there are fewer goats around so she isn’t as low on the pecking order.
I connected with my shame, and found that a creative and healing experience, so I thought I should connect with my fear. I permitted myself to feel it, and I felt it, and I felt terrified of everything. Suppression is not working.
So how is it that a girl who grew up on a sheep farm in Victoria ends up in the wilds of the Kimberley?
Next time on the bookshelf : “Autonomy” by Daniel Blythe
Little Cave, Big Experience!
Name, Est., & Numbers: Lyrical Letters
After three and a half hours, I left with 24 bombones and a ton of Spanish practice. I've also taken the Argentine Art History class at Casa Suiza and I happily recommend both classes and hope to take more!
Those of you who know me well also know that there are precious few things in life which make me grin like an idiot and giggle like a schoolgirl; chief amongst which is, of course, the prospect of laying my hands on some new cycling related shiny.
“CityScan makes the link between emissions and poor air quality downwind, enabling better management of the respiratory health of sensitive individuals.”
coke mixed in the piss and puke.
BEST ADAPTED SCREENPLAY: Roman Polanski and Yasmina Reza, Carnage – This film (adapted from Reza’s play The God of Carnage) keeps moving constantly. What starts as a serious but polite conversation degrades into a shouting match over the course of the film and it all happens totally organically. Roman Polanski has helped to take what could have been an incredibly stage-y film and made it into a fine piece of cinema. The dialogue is first-rate and a top-notch cast tears into it with gusto.
Three years ago, when I met with Senator Barack Obama in his Chicago office and we contemplated his possible run for the presidency, I was enthusiastic.
“She used it’s as a possessive in the first paragraph and I suffered a mental death after that.”
Love with the devil, She is in love with Lucifer
Another structural relationship of importance is the media companies’ dependence on and ties with government. The radio-TV companies and networks all require government licenses and franchises and are thus potentially subject to government control or harassment. This technical legal dependency has been used as a club to discipline the media, and media policies that stray too often from an establishment orientation could activate this threat. The media protect themselves from this contingency by lobbying and other political expenditures, the cultivation of political relationships, and care in policy. The political ties of the media have been impressive. … fifteen of ninety-five outside directors of ten of the media giants are former government officials, and Peter Dreier gives a similar proportion in his study of large newspapers. In television, the revolving-door flow of personnel between regulators and the regulated firms was massive during the years when the oligopolistic structure of the media and networks was being established.
Satele immediately picked up on it and clarified. “The method in which they were killed is making it hard to reach and accurate count. There are…pieces…that need to be accounted for.”
Critiquing/Editing/Proofreading
That doesn't necessarily mean everybody is buying the most expensive whiskeys they can find.
KATAGIRI S, OHIZUMI A, HOMMA M. An outbreak of type C influenza in a children's home. J Infect Dis 1983; 148: 51-56.
I realized today that I haven't posted anything since our car was broken into. Shame. That has, luckily, been resolved quite nicely.
He said pension costs doubled over the last three years, going from $95 million to $196 million. The workforce, however, has been “painfully” reduced by 20%, he said, including the retirement of dozens of police desk officers last week. Currently there are 7,481 employees.
Many times I send our Vegas Weddings couples an email asking them how they met, what’s special about their fiance, why did they decide to come to Vegas to get married, etc. Here is one of the letters I received that is so cute that I wanted to share it with you unedited! Francois and Lisa met through a mutual friend, Krystal and I’ll let them tell the rest!
We all know that exercise increases fitness levels and helps you lose weight. But did you know for many chronic pain sufferers, exercise can improve mood, give a general feeling of well-being and actually help control pain levels?
With all that you’re saying, how does this affect the value of music?
Have you swum with a friendly dolphin,
Crime Scenes
The Nokia 808 PureView features an extra-large 41MP sensor, along with high-performance Carl Zeiss optics and new pixel oversampling technology. Offering a maximum image resolution of 38MP, the Nokia 808 PureView’s camera sensor condenses 7 adjacent pixels into one, downsizing it to an extra-sharp and light-sensitive 5MP or 8MP image. Max image quality at 4:3 aspect is 38 MP, while at 16:9 aspect is 34 MP.
And if we don’t pass this plan, does he intend to keep the waste and inefficiency, out of spite?
Derived from a higher authority and natural law. Property rights existed independently and BEFORE the Constitution.
Won't the strong, stalwart husband be happy to see his wife waiting for him in the field near the house! I love the women painted by John William Waterhouse, and enjoy creating new scenes for them. I think I should start a series titled Waterhouse women standing in meadows! Credit to Finecrafted Designs for the background. The umbrella is googled. Thanks to all of you for stopping by!
BEYOND THIS WORLD AND ALL ITS DREAMS
Barnes & Noble and Microsoft at one time couldn’t get along. Now, they’re partners.
“They always admit their mistakes,” he said. “They burn our Koran and then they apologize. You can’t just disrespect our holy book and kill our innocent children and make a small apology.”
Rayfield Wiggins
Well! My protective nature took over. The poor man! He needed looking after! Plus I remembered Sylvia telling me that I should meet her boss. 'He's into books and films and he's got lots of lefty friends,' she said. At the time, I made polite excuses. I was a media snob and they worked for a toothpaste manufacturer. But he was, it turned out, a nice person to talk to.
If you really want to get fancy, you can add another layer to chicanery and turn your Double Irish into a Dutch Sandwich. This ploy makes use of an agreement between Ireland and other EU countries to further reduce their tax burdens.
The girl sells flowers in the street
In Indian marriage context, finding the life partner with the help of online matrimonial site is kind of arranged marriages in India. You can also say that the system of arranged marriages has turned online. These matrimonial sites have made the life partner search quite convenient. The search can be made on various grounds, including religion, region, language, caste, community, salary package, job profile, height, etc. These sites search profiles based on preferences given by the person who is looking for a life partner for his/her own, or any of the family members or friends.
Everywhere, I see her happy, bright face. Hear her light trot on the floor. She was amazing. And she is very, very missed.
Also got a cute photo of my grandson Jacob -now 12 weeks - hes getting so HUGE - don't know where 12 weeks went!
More blurbs later!
- The number of cases with patent damage awards have increased recently, but are still quite small - between 2006 and 2008, there were less than 50 cases each year awarding damages; in 2002 there were slightly more than 30 and in 1997 there were about 17 cases. According to the authors, "the small number of patent infringement cases in which damages are awarded may give reason to question the hyperbolic claims by some that patent litigation damages have significant deleterious effects on research and development activities in the United States."
Guided by shape-shifting spirits, Render and Ahndien’s fates collide when first they meet as mortal enemies. However, to save their people from annihilation, they must unite both kingdoms against a terrifying enemy that threatens to destroy both realms.
So you don’t like fraternities or sororities and have a very low opinion of those that are in such organizations and those that seek membership. You may be justified in some cases but certainly not all. If you can’t bring yourself to respect the organization for whatever your reasons maybe, respect what it means to people that make up its body and for many organizations, membership was earned and not paid for.
“Do you write?”
*Loyalty
I could go on and on, but I will stop. I am sure it is time for news fast, and to feel better, and to get my hands in the dirt. But, as much as I would like all of that to make it better, I am feeling like the world does not have any green grass right now. I know, I know, "The grass is greener where you water it." I guess that is where my tears of frustration might help, but I don't think grass thrives on salt water.
ball through a hoop?
Such dysfunctions become incorporated into the everyday culture of progressive organizations, and as a result, become invisible. As if this weren't enough, people who stay in the progressive movement adapt to these external dysfunctions by internalizing them. One senior organizer told me that he trained young organizers the way he'd been trained; namely, he threw them into tough situations to see if they'd sink or swim.
This coincides with Lammas, Celtic quarter day, fire festival of the ancient Britons which was celebrated at the height of Nature’s season of bounty, the middle of the fruiting year when Earth empties her cornucopia into the laps of an unsuspecting world. As the midpoint (in all calendars ancient and modern) between summer solstice, June 21st, and autumn equinox, Septmember 23rd, Lammas –Lughnasad, the festival of light god, Lugh, revered in indigenous harvesting communities in the Old World– marks the point in the celestial sphere where the Sun culminates, arriving at 15 Leo on August 7th, a week from now.
I'd just moved, so I didn't have a TV. Good for me that South Korea is a well-wired country. I simply walked across the road to a PC-bang (Internet cafe), logged in and kept up with the news. Also, that Internet cafe also had a big screen TV and switched news covering what was happening. I was at this cafe when the towers collapsed. I stayed there until dawn just keeping up with the news. It really was just overwhelming, and I felt helpless. So many lives were lost. I cancelled my classes for that day.
Another in a series of analyses on my art.
Prediction Six: At least one of the last candidates standing in Leith isn’t going to make quota.
Hello everyone… Fishing here in Puerto Vallarta has gotten to the strange and almost unbelievable.
In the end I took some great pictures of a vineyard in rural Virginia. Truth be told, they kind of rock if I may say so myself. At the very least the folks in my class seemed to like them as well. Oh and the pictures of the Coke ad, they sucked too. The lighting was all wrong and that is why I moved onto completing my class assignment with the images I took from the vineyard.
Patient: "Because it's free."
Anyway, here is a snap taken today when I went to visit my friend (who is so wonderful and lovely to let me visit and to send me kitty photos and updates so often). She’s still so tiny that she isn’t even as long as my hand, and her eyes haven’t opened! Eeeee tiny cute little kitty!
Ukraine
The reckless attitude of motorists towards pedestrians does not end with civilians. Police can also be rather overzealous. In Washington Square Park, for example, many are displeased with the rather aggressive habits of many officers speeding through narrow pedestrian walkways inside the park.
The article speaks of the "combination of billionaires, movie stars, intellectuals and fashion designers, with a rock icon or sports legend thrown in" who frequent there. "There are still powerful folk who would rather dine uptown at the Four Seasons, Michael’s or Le Cirque. But for celebrity power deep enough to lure paparazzi night after night, few outposts in New York today rival the Waverly Inn."
I love to travel, in fact according to something called an 'app' (I think) on Facebook I've visited something like 47 countries in total. Having said that I also enjoy travelling within the UK, if Alex Salmond still allows us to refer to it as the UK. While I appreciate a certain level of comfort I'm not really arsed about sumptuous luxury. For example I drive an old Citroen Dispatch van. But I'm growing to despise public transport and the British road system.
Congressional Democrats are hitting popularity levels almost as low as the Republicans, and that's tightening up the generic ballot in our newest round of national polling.
Enjoy have a fabby day and I'll see you in a few days with a pictured tutorial, Prize Winners, hop re-cap AND I'm hoping to snap some pics on Saturday at my first Shoe Box Swap. I'm going with Ariana and our friend and DT member Sarah Jay is going to be there and we'll be meeting for the first time!!!! OH YAY!!! I cannot wait and I just MIGHT be bringing some prizes with me!
This year, we had the great opportunity at New York Comic Con to interview the people behind Adventure Time and Regular Show. Here is the video from the interview and photos from afterwards.
260Ev'n thou art cold--yet Eloisa loves.
Many television news programs asked the question is it time for America to have an honest talk about race. I saw it on many of the programs on MSNBC including Morning Joe, Up with Chris Hayes, Now featuring Alex Wagner, Political Nation with Al Sharpton, and quite a few others. Many people were talking about whether or not the shooting of Trayvon was an opportunity to talk about race. But few of these shows took the opportunity to actually talk about race.
I have a few more photos from that shoot I want edit and post but have a list as long as my arm so will get round to it hopefully very soon.
4. The Overton Berry Ensemble - Heaven Knows
Thou glorious words! Within you I lay
Never shown picture of Collin Finnerty: why? Didn't resemble any of the descriptions.
Rather than try to explain the process these bags employ I’ll let the companies information speak for them:
in chains
On her blog Liz has a cleansing ritual bath that would be a wonderful way to prepare for this ritual. Check it out at Lizzie's Logic.
Juliette's story, Drop Dead, Gorgeous, is one of the scariest, involving a very nasty scene with a guillotine. But in a way I found Alistair's story, Dead on Arrival, even more palm-sweatingly tense, since he has a hard enough time understanding the world as a teen with Asperger's, let alone being able to cope when he wakes up in a hospital morgue.
I can know the universe
“I was really shocked actually, they didn’t show my expressions much last night but I was really surprised that they liked it so much…I used two materials, ultra suede and I think it was a stretchy knit,” said Taiwo.
Even though it looks like it, this hand-frosted masterpiece has not been, nor would it ever be, attacked by rats or raccoons or humans who are not blind. Plus, Adam's bakery exploits necessitated a replacement cake, prepared in record "OMG we don't have time for this" time by his harried wife.
Joseph is somewhat younger than I, young enough to still be living at home and therefore condemned to navigate bouts of parental insanity until the day he moves out. As I understand it, he usually manages this quite successfully, with therapeutic sessions of teeth gnashing in his bedroom, and the venting of frustration on the phone to me. But sometimes, something has to give. Something gave profusely on a night not so long ago, and with no sibling to use as a human shield, all guns were on Joe.
However, I’m in need of a little distraction at the moment (work/boy/sick) and I recently bought an iPhone with a kick ass camera so I figured I’d give this blogging thing another try.
I hope all you fathers had a wonderful Fathers Day!!
Truman’s son needs a heart transplant soon or he will die. Terrelle Conley is on death row for a murder he says he didn’t commit, but he is willing to donate his heart to Truman’s son because he feels it’s the only thing he can do to bring good out of a bad situation. In return, Truman must write Terrelle’s story and uncovers disturbing evidence that may lead to the real killer. Should an innocent man be allowed to die so that his son can live? Should Truman tell the truth and let his son die?
A good point in a not-so-good match. Stoke players got both goals with an own goal by Peter Crouch (the 1,000th Premiership goal trivia fans) and Cameron Jerome getting our equalizer in the second half.
The tale of Helen’s secret life with Peter and also of her opinions on Socialism were a true surprise to me and this book is so well-written that sometimes I thought Helen herself had done it and the author, Rosie Sultan, does an exceptional job of educating us and enticing us to learn more! A book well worth reading and reading again just in case you missed something the first time.
PUBLICATION DETAILS
The counterblast to climate skeptics that "Nature" magazine was so proud of has appeared. And it relies on either magic or circular reasoning. There's lots one could say about it -- and I am sure other skeptics will say it in due course -- but I want to point out just one thing: They say that a rise in CO2 caused Arctic ice to melt but they don't say where that extra CO2 came from! Did it just magically appear? Was it delivered from outer space?
Date: Friday 4th May 2012
Then I started to decorate. Small problem: I didn't have enough buttercream for piping. Dang! Shoulda thought of that. I think I ran out of buttercream because I had four layers and used up extra for the filling. If you try this recipe, you should probably multiply everything by 1.5.
As thick as it is back there now, by the time summer gets here, it will be almost impossible to see anything in either the swamp or the pond then.
She said "Oh somebody must have a birthday coming" looking at Nathan when she said it. I said nope, it's the last week of school for the kids....any excuse to make cupcakes, is a good excuse as any!!
Other types of non-alcohol-related brain damage also can produce symptoms resembling those associated with chronic alcoholism. Clinicians must be aware that no matter the cause of the impairment, it may have an impact on the patient’s ability to benefit fully from alcohol-treatment strategies. Cognitive impairment is usually most severe during the first weeks of abstinence, perhaps making it difficult for some alcoholics to benefit from educational and skill-development sessions, which are important components of many treatment programs (22,23). For example, one study found that alcoholics tested soon after entering treatment were unable to recall treatment-related information presented in a film they had just been shown (4). As time goes by and cognitive function improves, however, patients may make better use of information presented to them in individual and group therapy, educational programs, and 12-step programs.
I'd like to keep it alive at least until I make the potatoes again ;-)
But wait, there’s more. Since the fashion industry works in mysterious ways, (just kidding.) a budget-friendlier option has surfaced in everyone’s favorite place to shop: H&M (kidding again.) But seriously, I might just brave all the poorly made clothing that people seem to think is actual fashion for a pair of these awesome shoes. $35 for the next hottest trend? Yes please.
for signs of fox.
3. Keeping your board or work top well dusted with flour roll out each piece to a depth of 2-5mm
Records added to collection include: ver Subs - Party in Paris (with Capt Sensible on keyboards), Adam Ant - Dog eat Dog and The Professionals with Steve Jones doing a B A Robertson barnet..and of course The Von Traps..
I knew this guy, kinda. We went to high school together. We had a few conversations, but nothing too big. A few weeks ago, we started talking via facebook (because I’m phoneless). He asked if we could go on some dates this summer. I said ok.
The camera was also discovered by a man and his dog. Something or someone tipped the camera at an angle but I am thankful he respected my camera . I always make a serious effort to avoid human interactions at all costs and this was the first person to walk through this area in over 4 months (still to often for my liking). It's clear to me that animals are not the only organisms that respond in a predictable manner to topographical features. I moved the camera a hundred feet downriver to a better spot. The water was so low at this location that animals could walk along the shore and were no longer "forced" to use the log.
"I had a roommate once who waited until he was out of things - food, toilet paper - toilet paper! before he would replace them!" he said.
The basic story of the movie that unfolds is that Gosling’s character meets a young woman named Irene (Carey Mulligan) whose husband is getting released from jail. The husband, Standard (Oscar Isaac), is involved with some guys who are pressuring him for money that he borrowed in jail, and Gosling ends up helping him drive. When the operation goes wrong and Standard is killed, Gosling goes on a spree to kill everyone involved before they can get to the wife and her son. The path it leads him on is destructive and vengeful.
The other years when I've been writing about Art and Business I've been mostly concentrating on how to get structured, how to manage time and how to finance my art through my art. Now I'm in a different phase concentrating on moving up to the next level with my art (not my "art as business" - there I've already advanced). I couldn't really do that before when juggling too many projects. Basically I didn't have the time to go deep into my art, to experiment and achieve more. Also: having too many exhibitions coming up forced me in some way to be consistent ...
last saturday, i (pregnant, rational super sweet wife that i am) volunteered as DD for the big movember bash that the guys attended to celebrate their achievements. before leaving, we (of course) took stache photos.
But still that time to create new art work, consistently and well, is a big priority and commitment in my life...so hence I have decided during the month of March, I am carving out time, time to be secluded in my studio to create, this means saying no to other things, and being very disciplined...getting into the studio even when it is frigid outside, when the sun isn't shining, when I am tired or feeling uninspired...I find just getting into the studio creates space and invitation to creativity, which is thrilling and brings me rejuvenation, meaning and connection. So hear is to an up coming month of seclusion and continuing to expand the business of being an artist. I would love to hear what has worked for you in balancing those many eggs in your own artist career.
One of my goals as a homemaker is to reduce the cost of weekly food as well as provide natural and organic foods as often as possible. We'd also like to be a little more self-sufficient, but that's for when the Lord blesses us with a house that has a garden-able (is that a word?) backyard. Living on the third floor of an apartment complex doesn't make good for chicken keeping and gardening... just sayin'.
We had an amazing Easter weekend with Nana and Grumpa, which started with a visit to the St Georges day celebrations at Tamworth Castle.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Have two sheet pans ready. Using a pastry brush (or your fingers if you don't mind getting messy), lightly oil both sides of each tortilla, then stack them and cut them first in half, then each half in thirds. Arrange the triangles on your cookie sheets, sprinkle on some salt, and bake them near the bottom of the oven (rotate your pans halfway through) for 20 minutes, until light golden and crisp.
Whether you were excited about getting snow and upset the system was farther east than it could have been, or were relieved because no snow occurred today, I want you to remember one thing: location, location, location! It makes a big difference in meteorology!
And here is my version of this challenge
More importantly, they tasted like . . . . . .
Well, because he had handcuffs in there, of course.
Be sure to check out the post below about my Tastefully Simple Online Open House Sale!
handful of pepita seeds
Another Republican primary debate down, another night of uninteresting hackery. The more I pay attention to the Republican debates, the more I become convinced that President Obama is likely to run away with this election - even if the Republicans happen to do the smart thing and nominate Mitten at their candidate.
I ended up going into the OB’s office yesterday because I thought something was off. I peed in a cup for the lab and got to hear BBQ’s heartbeat again. I can’t hear it often enough! The nurse found BBQ right away but he/she scooted away from the wand. The nurse looked at me and said, “Oh, you’ve got a mover!” Yup, I’m very much aware! BBQ is almost constantly on the move. Before we were able to pin down his/her new location, BBQ kicked the Doppler wand! It’s was horribly hard to not start giggling at how crazy this child was acting. Apparently, BBQ doesn’t like getting poked.
Put bucket in shower tray.
Being content doesn’t mean… you should stop having hopes, dreams and vision for your life. Being content doesn’t mean you lack passion or desire to see things change for the better.
Law has brought Smoker’s heart as a gift, and says “What about Strawhat ya?”
Release date: January 11th :(
The protagonist makes three big mistakes in his life. Some how romance, hindu-muslim riots, cricket, australia, et al, are woven into a one story. The author seems to have written a few opinions / short stories and decided to merge all of them into one novel. Don’t read this one.
the whole "all i want for christmas is a barbie princess castle" --
Actually a Love Quadrilateral. I’d spoil it if I say more. You’ll just have to read the trilogy!
I had a ton of coupons for Bed Bath and Beyond so everything we got was 20% off. If you don't already know this, take note: their coupons don't expire and you can use five at a time (one per item). We had eight items total so I got five and Al got three. I keep them in our cars so we always have them when we're there. The hangers were $32 after the coupon - a great deal for 50 hangers I think!
And wouldn’t that just make all of us just a little bit more, you know, happy?
Here is the before:
The second wrestler I met that was booked, all of you will be absolutely familiar with this name. That is former WWE Women’s/Divas champion, Melina. Guys, I can’t even tell you how great she was to her fans. She was great to me, she literally welcomed every single fan every time someone approached her table. Just like Big Daddy V I asked her, “What has John Morrison been up to the past few months after his release from WWE?” She responded by saying that he’s been doing fine doing a lot of comedy and still wrestling independents today.
3 T. sugar
I was actually surprised about the visit with our doctor. He was caring and compassionate. He talked with us for over an hour about the various aspects of IVF, he talked about our health and how our current conditions may be affected. This was a surprise to me because when the whole debate was happening the other day I heard several people say RE's do not care about the individual they just want your money. Being an adult you have to understand that yes, he is doing this as a career and money is exchanged for his services. However you can tell he cares and has the backs of his patients, not just his pocket book! I was impressed.
In the meantime, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, for about 7 minutes. They will be soft and slightly caramelized. Add the blanched kale and cook for a further 2 minutes.
Like the Hour of the Wolf
Silly cow.
Churches (P. S. King & Son, Ltd.).
Or, you could take the road of the multitude and ‘try’ to achieve it!
Ndlovu, who represented himself in court, was told by Judge McLaren that he should file opposing affidavits on November 11 and that Roodt should file replying affidavits if needed by November 18. - Sapa
Director Fukugawa commented, “I felt the theme and power in this song, and my worldview for video expanded. I materialized that and made a drama inspired by the song. I would be happy if those who watch it will like it.”
Antonio Gades can convey so much feeling and passion with his dancing, I tear up. Of course, you must think I cry over anything, but I only cry when the emotion is so big I can't describe it with words.
I got an email a little over a week ago titled, "Wanna be in Ink?" I said, "Well, yeah, why not?" So I had an interview and photo shoot today. It turns out that they are doing a spotlight on local bloggers, and I am the most sporadic blogger on the list. I was a little sheepish.
Act), and witnesses reported seeing her in “perfect
Comments are always welcome!
My server said, ‘Yes, sir and what is the problem.’ He had a two and a half finger smile.
Robert Newton & Cyril Cusack
The colour palette is a little scary for me, but I think I like it.
On the eve of her debut into London society, Alana Farmer learns the shocking secret of her birthright. Can it be true? Is she really the lost princess of the European kingdom of Lubinia?
I received an out of the blue postcard from my old school yesterday, asking me for both mine and my parents' email addresses.
I climbed into A--'s pickup truck and we drove out in the fall light to the secretary's former residence where A-- was to help her remove some possessions before her ex returned. Hendrie held a loaded shotgun as he guarded the driveway against demons. And when we had spirited the marital artifacts into the pickup, Hendrie put the shotgun into his Honda, and I climbed in for a drive to the tavern. A-- went his own way, having squired the last of Helen's finery to his personal Troy.
So far this month more than $13.4 million has exited domestic US funds. At this trend, June will be the worst month for domestic equity flows since August 2010. Since the start of 2007 investors have withdrawn more than $338 billion from the US stock market – a new record thank to this week’s data.
Decorating is not a spectator sport, so mash it up a bit and get out there and find some good stuff! Along the way you will learn what you love the most as your curate your home-sweet-home.
Tien Tzuo, former chief strategy officer of Salesforce.com and the founder of Zuora, claims that as an economy and a culture, we are rapidly moving away from owning tangible goods and, instead, gravitating towards becoming members of services that provide us with experiences – such as listening to a song, using a car, watching a movie or collaborating with our colleagues.
I was in Hobby Lobby after a day of not quite hitting my stride. You've had those days, right? The sorts of days where it seems that you woke up a second later than the universe had intended you to, so you seem to be missing everything by just a hair. Nothing seems to work quite right--you miss traffic lights by moments, you seem to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, and everything about you seems just slightly off, not quite in sync with the rest of the world. Like a voice track in an old movie that doesn't perfectly match up, you can follow along perfectly well but the sensation is discordant at best.
I don’t want to feel this. I don’t want to. I just don’t.
1. Jarred pesto – Sure, I’d love to be able to make my own more often but I just can’t. Ingredients can be expensive and this is just really quick and easy. And it still tastes good for when I want to make pesto pasta, pesto garlic bread, or my and my boyfriend’s favorite, pesto cheddar chicken. (*Note – the brand I buy is actually the brand in the picture)
( the darling little girl.. is Kate's niece) Kate gave this project to her mom for Christmas. I got the nicest thank you from her mommy.
22. When cannibals ate a missionary, they got a taste of religion.
Flowers-Hydrangea and Leaves-Frond are Martha Stewart punches.
These K&Co Glad Tidings papers are so pretty. I love the bright white and red with them too. The thing I like the most about the OSW, is that it gets my create juices going. I usually end up discovering something new to do for future cards. For example, the card I posted earlier "Christmas Poinsettia" was a result of working on these.
JJ: It’s almost always a negotiation. I’ve been really lucky to have these editors, over the years, who’ve become actual friends, and so we’re just always talking about pieces and what we’re gonna do. And it’s in the course of those conversations that the ideas and assignments evolve. In a lot of cases, I can’t really tell whose idea it was. It’s all this back and forth until finally the coin drops, and you’re on a plane. It’s often very abrupt…
We are encircled by fires, asked to extinguish the minor blazes of how to fix this, how to heal that, where can we find the money, time or energy for at least nine minor-to-major situations on what seems a daily basis. Behind those pesky and attention-demanding fires are the others, the real fires, the ones that are not meant to be dampened but fanned. They are our sources of light; they are our light. Here we are, back again, caught by the inexpert attempt at balance that is life. How do we keep our small worlds from falling into the chaos of under-attended ordinary existence AND continue to be flames, or at least embers, of all that is soaring, expanding, contributing and becoming? We just do because we must.
(Note however that if the liquid is pink, or if the starter smells bad (rather than just tangy), then the starter has attracted the wrong bacteria and should be discarded.)
What is America really to stand for?
The fund has returned 2.5 percent annually over the last five years. Mr. Jordan still believes that over many years those investments will pay off, he said.
she gets a li'l bored.
1 (2.25oz) can sliced black olives, drained
The very root of the operation ( a Psy-Op within itself) was to begin programing the masses, prepping them for a New World Order.
Now, what’s interesting about this is that in the Wonderful Wizard of Oz 1939 film, the Good Witch of the South was changed to the Good Witch of the North. When the creators of the Wiz retold the story and made it into a film, the changed the character back to the Good Witch of the South, played by the great Lena Horne. Then’s when it hit me…
This really depends on what kind of story you're trying to tell. Simply having a motive isn't enough to drive a story. It must be tied into the characters as a whole. It must have reason and must have enough importance that we can clearly see why the characters would act or react in such a way that makes the motive identifiable.
Well, the other day, I decided to play and try out their website. I have to tell you that this took me awhile, not because the website was hard to maneuver. To the contrary it was very easy to maneuver. It took awhile because they have hundreds - no, make that thousands, of cards for every occasion, every holiday, and just about anything else you might want to send a card for.
And a Big Thank You to The Dadman for this special report!
I've been reading this author since she spoke at my local library a few years ago. Her other works in this world have been traditionally published, but she wants to tell the story of one of the secondary characters. There are less than ten days left to fund this project.
First things first. (Is that even how you write that? I'm not sure I've ever actually seen it in print) I decided to take the plunge and create my own newsletter. My plan is for it to come out monthly. It will feature some of my products. More importantly, I want it to contain some very specific tips I've used in my classroom or seen used by great teachers. I will also include a freebie that's exclusive for subscribers. You can sign up here. It will also always be in my sidebar.
Several tableaus formed the part of the procession. The first tableau showed Jesus in a garden with his disciples, the second tableau showed Jesus carrying the cross while the third was based on crucifixion of Jesus Christ. The fourth tableau exhibited the grave of Jesus Christ guarded by four Roman soldiers while the fifth depicted the victory over death by resurrection of Jesus Christ for which Easter is celebrated. The Sixth tableau depicted the appearance of Jesus after his resurrection.
Week 19 - Mar 31st - Alyssa
…yeah, I’m a sucker for dragons. Might have to do with being one, according to the Chinese Zodiac (a Fire Dragon, no less). Incidentally, quite contrary to the purported Fire Dragon personality types and such, I’m not a morning person, I don’t like Spring or Summer, I’d rather live in the cold North than the warm South (though I guess the extreme South is nice and cold), and I’m more like a sleeping dragon than a constantly raging one. As in, I’m pretty calm and careful the vast majority of the time. Then again, I’m fiercely independent, so there’s that. Herds are for eating, not following.
celery
Dear Members and Friends of Black Star Co-op,
The thing I like most about it is when I get to say "SURPRISE!"
Even if your not a fan of science fiction, or fantasy for that matter, I’m positive you’ll love this book anyway. Because when it comes to the actual story, it’s just a kid who’s had a rough life that’s trying to fit in. It’s also a story about growing up, about making mistakes and learning from them, about friendship, a first love, trying to figure out who you are. It’s everything.
SO, my tired brain came up with this. Hopefully it's passable. Hopefully :) I'm tired. I can hardly see the screen. I don't know if it's spelled right. My eyes won't stay awake. SO, Here it is. Hopefully it's fine :) Click on the lnks below to go to my accont to dwonload the PNG file, and leave some love if you like my work. See, typos galore...
Let’s get to Lindzi’s date, which was in Ocala, Florida, which on a scale of one to ten, no wonder her parents can afford horses. Let me clarify, you moved to Florida where there are no beaches. Houses are free there. And what better place to find love that central Florida in 90% humidity with no ocean or gulf to jump in. I bet there aren’t any creepy dudes in velour jumpsuits. That’s not the Florida I know.
1. The use of strategic planning Honeywell in general was strong on strategic planning. The process was integrated throughout the company. The retail business unit had a three-day summer session once a year to develop plans for the coming year. In the fall, the entire division created the strategic plan for the next year; Shareology was a part of that process and presented on the marketing communications plans for the RBU.
Place the chicken breasts in skin side down and add the drumsticks and the onions. Toss the drumsticks so that they golden all over, but try to leave the breasts and onion still, so that the skin crispens on the breats and the onions start to caremalise (this was my aim, but proved slightly beyong my manual dexterity!)
Spread coconut flakes on a cookie sheet and place in the middle of your oven. Broil on high, watching VERY closely. Stir a few times until nicely toasted. While coconut flakes are toasting, in a medium size bowl melt the butter and coconut oil in the microwave. (You can use the stovetop and transfer to a bowl also.)
No forgiveness. No mercy. They’re all demons, demons, demons.
In an affidavit to be filed in a South African court,
Being authentic to everybody you meet, really is the most loving thing that you could do for yourself. It is only when we are not authentic and speaking the truth about who we are and what we are feeling, that we experience anxiety, nervousness, fear etc.
Head Ladybug Kerry has given the Lovely Ladybugs a little break over the Christmas Break so our challenge this week will run until 12pm on Monday 2nd Jan 2012 and the New challenge will start at 9am on Tuesday 3rd Jan 2012.
quarter, all things being equal, for
Parting shot . . a foto of Pegasus leaving the tour dock in Yonkers 11 months ago.
Over stiles through hedgerows, and downhill across a field spotted with the last few bright blue flowers of chicory among the rust-coloured seed heads – and a whole host of other wildflower species – grown, presumably, for shelter and sustenance for birds and bees. Back on Wickham Rock Lane, a mechanical grumbling over a hedgerow grows louder, a rattling and clanking of machinery and the thrumming roar of a diesel engine. Climbing the stile, a tractor and pasture topper trundles past, rolling along the undulating contours of Hog Hill up which I now climb. Breathing deeply, not just due to the exertion of the ascent, but to savour the sweet scent of freshly grown grass, I reach the summit and Hogg Hill Windmill, its black weatherboard roof, like the inverted keel of a capsized clinker-built boat, in vivid contrast to the gleaming white fantail. Built in 1781, it was originally erected in nearby Pett but moved to its current location in 1790, and is a well-preserved example of a post mill, although today the spring sails are missing. Not that this matters so much now. Milling ended here in 1920 and today it has a very different function. Obsolete(?) 18th century technology replaced with that of the 21st century: the windmill buildings now contain Sir Paul McCartney’s recording studio.
Ah yes, back to the topic of pairs. I have two pairs of friends. My writing friends, and my ‘real’ friends, who need to visit the link below immediately. Read this article (yes, I am aware that it is not recent, but that does not lessen its value!) and rest assured, although I had a child and dropped off the face of the earth, I am still alive and well. The real reason you have not seen me lately is because I am walking down the dark road of YA literature.
kroy socks ragg shades
“A court cannot properly order expenditure of billions of dollars of taxpayer money in aid of an accounting that Congress never authorized in the first place much less required.” Argues the lawyers in their appeal brief.
Cheap: We bought a 5000 sq ft house 6 years ago, and have only finished remodeling 3 of the 4 bathrooms (actually one was a half bath and we only changed the floor and the commode).
of beggars, and here you stand. heart
I suggest the real reason more doctors don’t do late abortions is that there are very few doctors who can bring themselves to kill and then dismember what, for all intents and purposes, is quite obviously a baby.
We are not unmindful of the adverse consequence to private respondent of a dismissal of her complaint, nor of the time, effort, and money spent litigating up to this Court solely on a so-called technical ground. Nonetheless, we hold that compliance with the certification requirement on non-forum shopping should not be made subject to a party’s afterthought, lest the policy of the law be undermined.
I told him that my day had been okay, how about his. He said that he had seen worse, he had seen better, did I know? I absolutely knew. That's exactly how I was feeling that day.
The Vedas give these three invaluable assets — tina maha-dhana. A fortunate jiva who gets these invaluable assets becomes rich with krsna-prema and he will be really happy. Otherwise he cannot get happiness.
Though the images were posted online, the photographs themselves were taken on film. The ones which appeared online were carefully composed and edited, which is something that I have been doing with my own work without really thinking about it. It is quite difficult to get the right balance of the images being carefully composed so that they look artistic, but also don’t look too staged. Tsai and Ju did this perfectly, creating beautiful but also natural images.
The secure leader gives confidence to those following because the more refreshing you are the more people want to follow you. If you bring answers, and positive attitude to the situation it makes it better. If you bring fear, threats, and blame to the situation no one wants to follow you anywhere.
Cleaning like a mad woman week.
Yeah, God.
A Tudor Tragedy, the Life and Times of Catherine Howard by Lacey Baldwin SmithKatherine Howard by Joanna DennyThe Six Wives of Henry VIII by Alison WeirThe Wives of Henry VIII by Antonia Fraser
poignant
Caught between kidnappers and killers, from Florida to Austria,
So I walked into the Verizon store to return the TV set top box and gave my name, account number and a brief of the 6 weeks and 4 house calls it took to solve my intermittent TV reception problem, and the young man lounging at the computer said:
easing from the seas, the skies.
The unconscious parts of humanity are being prepared for mass disclosures with the publishing of many subtle articles of disclosure, and each time you hear of a planet discovered or a ‘new’ bacteria that scientists feel could be producing Life on other worlds, just know that you are being prepared for the admission that Life is abundant all throughout this beautiful Creation of ours.
The story itself led you on a roller coaster of emotions, making you wonder what kind of twists and turns were coming your way.
Handel vs. Barnes 34-45
Why isn’t Jerusalem the centre of the Christian church? That was Israel’s hope and God is not dealing with Israel during this age of His grace.
Here are some statistics:
OK, I'm instantly sorry I shared that with everyone.
It feels good to be back...I have really missed you guys.....
The city's plan is to install Jersey barriers, typically used as highway dividers, to block cars and trucks from the arena entrance at the corner of Edison and Mulberry.
Open Popping Class – All levels welcome
* Waiting several minutes (or even hours!) to download something
I have downloaded some Freebies .....
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour two loaf pans. In one bowl, mix together the pumpkin puree, eggs, oil, water, and sugars until blended. In a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, salt, and spices. Fold the dry ingredients into the pumpkin puree mixture and combine until just blended. Split batter between two loaf pans and bake until golden brown, around 50 minutes.
So Friday night around 9:30pm, she was on her blanket, laying on her back, pacifier in her mouth, she was awake and playing and I was sitting at her feet. And in an instant, she threw up, breathed it into her lungs, and started gasping for air. I will never ever forget the look on her face. I’ve seen her face when the dogs startle her with their barking. I’ve felt her shudder when I open the shades and the loud noise makes her cry. But this look was different. It was an almost frozen look of fear and panic, of confusion, of mama, I can’t breathe and I don’t know what to do…
The USPTO’s Electronic Trademark Trial and Appeals (ESTTA) system will be unavailable on Saturday, November 4, 2006, starting at 10:00 PM and ending at midnight.
I had risen early, feeling sick that day. I looked out on that perfect, pristine morning sky and decided to enjoy the luxury of unemployment--being able to sleep in until my head stopped spinning. Tom had left earlier to head to DC for a conference with the military computer buyers. He was only miles from the Pentagon.
I see the sun in my blinds every morning. I sometimes roll over to realize I’m alone…and that sometimes makes me sad. But, it also helps me to know. I am alive.
I pushed the tablecloth out of the way a bit. It worked.
Who knew a former Goblin could be a hottie?! I liked the book and the series should keep on getting better and better.
She walloped a reporter at Bangkok airport for talking to her son. It turns out the reporter had been hounding the singer for weeks.
Almonds and apricots - snack of choice this week.
Taking some time with AB in private also gave CBG a few minutes to pull himself together and let his bad mood dissipate a bit.
Happy Easter Linda! Hope You Like Her!
A day late, but here's hoping that all of you had a lovely Presidents' Day Weekend!
I was upset with the drug use...but honestly, I was more upset that he thought that I would *enjoy* sitting there watching him play a stupid video game. I told him that I didn't think we had much in common and he quietly went away into the great dating abyss.
A dash of cayenne pepper
One afternoon, a few weeks later, she did ask if I still harboured hopes in that direction. I told her "Yes" and with a grin, that I had no plans to give up in the near future.
Breivik’s mother now sits in the position of being charged for conspiracy to commit terrorism. There is absolutely no way out of that one even though she has not been arrested and charged yet which is probably because of her direct connections into the higher echelons of the Norwegian State.
A new baby...
113gm margerine
That is my worst genre/style description yet....
Even when my dad gets together with some of his friends, I think it's so funny to see this different side of him - he becomes more talkative, and a LOT funnier (and is more willing to divulge secrets about his frat days in college, which is always entertaining).
And Wildrose has something even more important going for it right now: momentum.
Then we went to the rose garden. The arboretum has thousands of roses which are beautiful and smell heavenly. He showed me several of them and pointed out the names as I admired each of them.
Last Saturday Carrie of Miss Rosie's Quilt Co was scheduled to do a book signing (surely you know she has a new book - Another Bite of Schnibbles?) at The Olde World Quilt Shoppe. So after much hemming and hawing I decided to take a drive out to visit with her and to see Dee, Jordan and Whitney (missed her). I'd also received an e-mail from Jan (my quilt retreat friend) telling me that she'd be there with a friend and would love to see me.
See this guy with T?!
Packages
John Pritchard and Chris Williams backed by Copart Finder, KC Autos and Top Signs, finished second in the third round of the Fiesta Challenge, the Pirelli Rally based in Carlisle, and part of the British International Rally Championship.
In most cases, the above solutions are public clouds. These are publicly accessible (although securely segregated) solutions aimed at as wide an audience as possible. These solutions should have Microsoft worried, who dominate the enterprise server environment. However, if that’s the case, Microsoft isn’t letting on. Instead, they are pushing their own solutions from the likes of Azure and Office365.
So I made the best out of my situation... and I went out in town to celebrate.
Concerns relating to the confidentiality of the data have been addressed by the EU Commission and Rand: the data and identity of each participating company will be anonymized, stored on Rand's network, and inaccessible to third parties, such as the EU Commission and its services.
automated and activated at the push of buttons. Even if there’s a problem, you
Stjepan has also performed around the world in most European countries, South Africa, New Zealand, Asia and the USA, with debuts in London’s Wigmore Hall, Royal Albert Hall, South Bank Centre and Amsterdam’s Concertgebouw. He was the last pupil of Mstislav Rostropovich. In his short career, Stjepan has already been awarded first prize in twenty-one national and international competitions, and he has performed twice for Prince Charles at Buckingham and St James‘s Palace.
At HK, we love it when our co-agents come to town in the weeks before Frankfurt. We get to catch up, and to talk about the books in person, which is incredibly worthwhile. We work with them because they know the market in their country and it is great to hear what is new and different and what has stayed the same, especially in this time of sweeping changes. Of course, we are talking a lot about ebook markets abroad, but also about how adult publishers in France, Germany and other markets are adding YA imprints. We get to find out what books are really working in their markets (in addition to THE HUNGER GAMES), because not all successes here translate to successes there, and what titles from the list they love and what books they think will sell in their market.
According to the U.S. Geological Survey, Florida, Texas, Alabama, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Pennsylvania are the states most affected by sinkholes.
At their peak, Queen was:
I haven’t a history book out until 2013, and over the summer, as a kind of massive distraction to various comissions and rewrites started digging up my own family history. I would love to say, like K.M. Grant earlier, that there were nobles, that I was named for and descended from Catrin of Berain. That’s her in the second picture, a Tudor heiress who married often and well, (every husband bought more land and power and usefully, predeceased her) or someone like that. And I suppose given that North Wales, before cars and trains and aeroplanes was a reasonably tiny gene pool perhaps I am. And just looking at her, hand on skull, widow’s cap on her head I want to write about her. What a frock, what sleeves....
Below are swatches on the inner side of my forearm with 1 swipe of lipstick, 3 swipes, and then wiped off with a plain tissue – taken in daylight.
Because I am still working on Unheard and it's turning into rewriting the whole thing. Never doing it again. People say "I wish Morgenroth would turn her other horse book into digital format." Yeah, ain't gonna happen.
Last weekend, a group of coppice workers and designers came together in a creative melting pot at Charlie Whinney's workshop in Cumbria to think, design and make using greenwood working techniques. Our aim was to thrust our skills and knowledge as greenwood workers into the contemporary market, bringing our craft bang up to date with modern design items suitable for the high end market. Ambitious? Absolutely!
Son: Dad, now I think I understand what politics is.
FM Broadcast
Level 4: MP Cost: 15, Attacks up to 4 enemies 3 times, Damage: 198%, 2% chance to stun the enemy for 1 seconds.
#2- Sarah Mae Smith (R)
And then:
The cleric discovered that the whole goddamned tunnel registered as a trap!
Firms that fail to comply would face fines ranging from $250 to $5,000 for repeat offenses.
The report includes findings from research commissioned from PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia on the likely drop in expenditure on Australian content if the current quotas were removed. It proposes obligations on ‘content service enterprises’ to support Australian content in one of two ways:
endangerment.
Both Democrats and Republicans have used it, but rarely. After former White House Counsel Harriet Miers and White House chief of staff Joshua Bolten refused to comply with congressional subpoenas on the George W. Bush administration firing of U.S. attorneys in 2008, the Democrat-led House voted to hold them in contempt.
Belle, voice by Paige O'Hara. Same voice actress as almost 20years ago, the voice is truly nice and the singing method is almost same as last time. I realize something at the ending part, her prince is a long hair guy and it does looks like Michael Jackson for me! LOL!
The subsurface formations that undergo fracture stimulation reside thousands and thousands of feet below formations that carry potable water. These strata are separated by millions of tons of impermeable rock, and in some cases, more than two miles of it.By this logic the industry’s official line is that the natural gas doesn’t travel up from these depths to make tap water ignitable as a result of fracking. By the same token we might expect the industry to assert that radon won’t travel up from those same levels where there is deep uranium and radium. Josh Fox’s response (with useful hyperlinks in the original document) as to whether gas gets up into the aquifers so much closer to the surface:
I think they were officially sanctioned as they were standing on a mat, and I had been thinking of something more spontaneous like the man who plays Bob Dylan songs in Penzance, but it was nice anyway.
“Oh, alright.”
Happy April 5th everyone, Happy Birthday to my crazy Oliver, and Happy Release Day to Christy English and Margaret George!!
I’m posting every other day as usual and lots of good stories for spring 2012.
Bobby Darin records Splish Splash and Queen of the Hop for Atco Records. The recording session took less than two hours.
H.I.
I had no worries.
Medicare Medicaid and Social Security
I learned prepare this Indian style fried bitter gourd from Sonia’s blog. Deep fried bitter gourd is one of my favorite dishes whenever I eat at Indian restaurants. It is a must have for me and I found that it goes along well with okra curry. Sometimes I would also eat them with potato masala or just with yogurt. I just love the crispy and aromatic fried bitter gourd. Check out this wonderful Indian recipe!
Detroit Tigers…obviously, bro. They haven’t disappointed, coming out of the gates hot and laying the smack down on the Red Sox to open the season.
Back at Ft. Benning, General Wei and General Watanabe were celebrating. The pilots had reported back that the American’s camp was completely annihilated – nothing left but a smoldering patch of ground quickly filling with river water.
My mom invested a lot in her conviction. All three of her daughters would abort a baby. From the perspective of a once lost and broken child who is now a parent I have conviction too; conviction to make certain that my children know the truth and that I be diligent in seeking truth! My mom didn’t just state a position once. She spoke it again and again about a WOMAN’S RIGHT TO CHOOSE! It was effective. It’s here at the “Choice” where it gets hard! The very word “CHOICE,” implies the possibility and optimism where none exists and it is so instrumental in appealing to the masses who support abortion. My baby also might have liked to have a choice! I know several women who I am thankful didn’t make that choice. My mom would be missing out on the grandchildren whom she loves dearly! The fault lies solely with me. It was the worst choice I ever made to ignore the direction of the Holy Spirit within me! I will never forget my abortion. I have spent years haunted by my so called “CHOICE”.
With 30 years in the retail Automotive Industry, from a Salesperson to a Dealer, I have a vast amount of experience in all areas of an automotive environment. You can follow me on my website, www.JimKristoff.com on twitter @jimkristoff
Mommy- "Laughing"...."Tre your funny!"...."No Tre boys and girls can have Afro's, but just cause a girl has long hair, doesn't mean it's an Afro."
Thank you so much for joining us today!
She was assistant director of the Abu Salabikh project in the 1970s and 1980s, and plans to return to Iraq for further excavations at Ur in January 2013. “We’ve all grown old waiting to get back to Iraq, but I certainly intend to take some youngsters with me, and especially to do what I can to encourage young Iraqis while I am there.” Good luck to Dr. Moon!
I promised I would post the photos from Day Two of the completed paintings. Aren't they fatastic?
I used the dremel to drill pilot holes for the brass screws which are very soft metal .
Now, I squat down in front of him that sits in the corner with red fluffy and empty eyes. I touch his hand but he flinch at my touch. I sigh.
Making a video to be uploaded in you tube is the next challenge. Those with more views, wins. Everybody prepares except Hong Joo. He’s so down lately ever since Nana was admitted in the hospital. Since DH2 is about helping friends, Hae Sung was the one who provided support to her dear friend this time. They went to visit Nana. It was really sweet that they transformed her room with cute designs on the wall! I’ve always enjoyed Hong Joo’s songs, it’s always a treat to hear his voice.
2006: The Chocolate War, by Robert Cormier
Now here we are, about two and a half years later, and we have since gone to a Crossfit Level 1 certification together; I have been coaching a Crossfit class up here in AK three mornings a week since October; and she and her fiancee (an amazing guy she met through Crossfit, of course) are heading to San Diego this weekend for a Crossfit Kids certification. Did I mention that they opened their own Crossfit box last October, too?
You’d best not be lying or I’ll look like a cunt
Starburst jellybeans
netball
talk your way out
Underneath all this is an awareness of looking after myself too - I'm my main employee after all. I use to think that I got enough exercise through my day to day activities, but with years of a weekly Pilates class and more recently a determined weekly visit to the gym I've proved that actually proper set exercise has huge benefits for me. I have more energy; I'm more aware of my body and can counter aches from gardening by doing Pilates stretches to strengthen core muscles or even just simply bending me back the other way. I feel better about myself and its strengthened my already determined and positive outlook on life. It feels preventative - I'm not getting any younger but hopefully am working on an insurance policy which will give me the tools and energy to work as well as I can in to the long term.
Grapes and Raisins- cause major stomach, kidney, and renal issues
While I'm on the topic, here's some updates for all you sweet friends who've asked how the kids are doing:
Did one of them fall off her perch and scare the living shit out of the other two? I guess I'll never know, because they ain't talking.
must sleep in those beds,
Cinnamon swished his bushy tail.
"Go and burn The Herald. We will face a bullet with a bullet."
What do I say?
In locked-up offices, and all the uncaring
2. Cut Ivory cardstock 5 x 5 1/2 inches and round the upper right corner with a Corner Rounder punch. Adhere your patterned paper to this piece. Cut the Teal/Blue cardstock 6 x 12 inches and fold. Round the upper right corner with the Corner Rounder punch (front and back). Adhere your panel to your card.
When work impresses itself as encouragement upon daily life, extraordinary momentum and renewed energy manifest to merge both spheres. Through the occasions during which vocation and avocation intertwine, various aspects of life provide for cross-referenced appreciation. My years in commercial photography and printing helped me to become proficient at cooking and baking. The study of history and philosophy, combined with the active pursuit of the spiritual life, inspired the practice of journaling. By writing the adventures of personal journeys and the business of the quotidian, I’m better able to perceive as an archivist.
And then I found Nightlight by The Harvard Lampoon. I liked Twilight jokes as much as the next person, so I flipped through a few pages. I couldn’t stop laughing.
Nothing will ever come close to the excitement of having horses over the back fence, but since then, I’ve been lucky enough to live in two homes with something interesting to peer at while standing on tiptoes.
In the moment, the night was damn fun and I didn't think I was making bad choices. I was called "sexy" by a hot man who had muscles for days, which only bolstered my belief that everything was going well.
4) I need sandals. Like bad. I have flip flops but no sandals. I do have those peep toe high heels that I showed you back in January. But I haven't worn them yet. The 5" hooker heels that were nude and black are just too much for me to walk in, besides, I think they are too high to be professional for work. The pink and orange florals are ok height wise, but I haven't gotten a pedi yet and refuse to wear peep toes without a pedi. I need to consider that for this weekend.
Serve with veggies and baked/reduced fat chips!
This is Dr. King’s prophetic vision. This is his challenge to us. We can choose to join together across economic, racial and cultural lines to build a country with a people centered, sustainable peace economy.
Here we are again, you and I..........
Now looking at the disciples we can see that they have gone beyond this stage of their lives. They were not the best of the best. They were just ordinary people that were not skilled enough to tackle the issues of Torah etc.
Blanco can’t say, in fact is rather bowled over by all this and in need of a lie down. Any comments welcome.
Come pile up the waste a bit higher
Girls just Have to share…
For instance, the USA Best Book Awards and the International Book Awards, both sponsored by JPX Media. Each contest has a $69 entry fee, over 150 categories, a prize that basically consists of a feature on one of JPX Media's websites, and the "opportunity" to purchase award stickers and certificates. If just 500 people enter each contest (and I'm guessing that's an extremely conservative estimate), JPX grosses $69,000--and that doesn't even include the extra income from sticker and certificate sales.
It's in the midst of the recession when Kate, a freelance journalist and self-professed Jane Austen addict, finds herself single, unemployed and soon-to-be homeless (not to mention about to turn 40).
The now de rigeur leftist call to violence when they fail to get their way seems to not draw a lot of attention.
Pin the casing along each leg opening, making sure to sandwich the fabric from the main panel in between the casing pieces. Sew closely along the edge(the opened edge, not the folded edge, if that makes sense).
the best holiday.
Note that what is being done to the BNP from the top is similar to what is being done to UKIP as can be seen from the infighting on the British Democracy Forum. Furthermore, Lord Tebbit alleged that UKIP was set up by two members of the Security Services. (2)
buy at the local craft or hardware stores, such as Lowe's or Michael's.
George Sr. and George Jr. are charged with regularly threatening their victims with physical violence for infractions, such as being late or not bringing in enough money. The victims were given quotas of money they were required to earn, and berated if they fell short. The traffickers are accused of laundering the money the women earned for them by converting the cash into United States Postal Money Orders and by laundering it through Grip Entertainment, a corporate entity they controlled and used to disguise and conceal the illegal source of the criminal proceeds.
I don't like using rulers when I draw, since the computer does it better anyways, so rather than sketching this by hand and messing with a ruler or straight edge, I drew it all on the computer, scaled it to the size I needed, then used this as the base for my drawing.
So why can the Doctor change Earth’s history and not his own? The most popular theory involves a concept called Gallifrean Mean Time (or GMT). This states that the universe has an event horizon, a present day in effect that advances forwards and before which one can no longer time travel. All Time Lords, wherever they are in time and space, share this awareness of what is the present, even though they are all over the place, all over time in different incarnations, shot through the universe like a stick of rock, only one of those incarnations is ever the ‘present’ Time Lord. The rest are fixed past selves or possible futures. The twist in the tale is that this ‘present day’ is actually still billions of years in the past and Earth is actually just a probable future planet (made more probable, it must be assumed, by the amount of it’s future history that has been fixed in place by the Doctor and other time travelers experiencing it). GMT also explains why there is only ever one president of Gallifrey at any given moment, why the Doctor knows what time period to visit if he gets a distress signal from his own world and why he only ever meets the Master one time after another in a linear order despite jumping between times and places. It also explains why there was only five Doctors to choose from at the time of ‘The Five Doctors’ and not thirteen. Most of all it explains why he can never see his own people again, despite them all being time travelers, the event horizon of the present has passed by the destruction of Gallifrey, committing it to the past, and he can never go back there, nor can anyone from there ever be in the same place as him at the same time. The Doctor has to obey the second law of time travel just as surely as we have to obey the law of gravity, he can bend it but he can’t break it. There are things that are lost to him forever.
and came in at just 8 Weight Watchers points! Not that I follow those religiously anymore,
“Right, there were bad things going on, why couldn’t you just say that?”
Now, I don't want to be too much of an apologist here; Bond's attitude towards women is frequently chauvinistic. But it's worth remembering that these novels – at least the ones I'm considering – were written in the early- to mid-1950s, when chauvinism wasn't exactly out of the ordinary. On top of that, Bond is really only reflecting the attitudes of his creator, Ian Fleming (which is why he's also such a snob for the more luxurious things in life): Fleming, at least in the early books, tends to write women as fairly simpering sorts (the Vesper of the Casino Royale novel isn't nearly so sassy as the Vesper of the 2006 movie).
I just got back from spending the weekend with her and we had a lovely time together. She's doing great and is totally doted on by her dad (my x-husband).
The final mention however, must go to Mark Cousins’ wonderful, sprawling epic The Story of Film: An Odyssey – the defining encyclopaedia of the history of cinema.
Saying, 'It's not so bad, You'll be just fine.'
My Grandmother’s Hands
it's not the place's fault...
At Ranger Creek Brewing and Distilling, the brewstillery I brew at in San Antonio, we recently received our TABC and TTB permits, allowing us to make and sell spirits and "ale" in the great state of Texas. To put it mildly, we are fucking excited as shit. I've been hoping and anticipating this day for so long, my wife and I have been sitting on some gems for a while now.
Two of the Enterprising Britain 2012 winners will be selected to go on to represent the UK at the European Enterprise Promotion Awards.
Along these lines, I recommend that you read The Hiding Place by Corrie Ten Boom. In that book, you will find the depths to which we as Christians are able to forgive.
1 tbsp raw cashews and raisins
Parents, she said, would like to stay at home with their kids, but when they can't because they have to work, they don't want to see their best efforts "thwarted" by those they entrust their children to. That includes the mothers of babies: The breastfeeding component of LMCC will include educating mothers about the benefits of breastfeeding, and making it possible for working mothers to bring their pre-pumped milk to facilities, so it can be given to their babies. Mothers should also be welcomed to visit the childcare facilities to breastfeed during the child care day, according to the East Wing.
By the time I finally got outside, it was 1:45 and my dad was upset. I felt so bad, but I really needed to get those pieces!
A is the grade I give this Amazing feast
No planning. God's got it all under control. You are just supposed to sit back and enjoy the ride. That means no working out protests, no putting together TV shows, no lobbying the government to stop teachers spreading evil lies about fictitious dinosaurs.
“No.” DJ didn’t take his eyes off the lights over the door as they flickered the floor number.
they aren't going to find out the gender of the baby before it is born, so it's a perfect gender-neutral choice, i think! megan decided to go with a "sweet dreams"-themed room, with stars and swirls and circles, so here's what i painted (the crib will obviously be right below this, and i think when the bedding comes in, we will be painting the sweet dreams letters in stripes to match the bumper on the bedding! isn't this a cute nursery idea?)
As for those of us who make every day “Jazz Day,” April 30 enshrines a beautiful irony: music once considered cacophonous and “savage” is recognized at an international level as “…a force for positive social transformation throughout its history.” That’s not just coming a long way, that’s a cultural theophany. No wonder it gets a holiday!
On one color I wrote a noun:
And carrying out what I do best which is living life!!!!
it is like an unopened gift thrown away.
Do people take the time to teach and show their children the importance of Memorial Day? Do they take them to a National Cemetery and show them all the lives that have been lost, tell them what that means for those who are still alive? Do they educate their children to show respect to those who have fallen for all the freedoms we take for granted every damn day? Do they just take a moment, a simple moment in their day to show that they care, or understand what the day is about?
Today, one would have to be blind not to see the profound shift taking place within this layer. There are the academic scoundrels like Juan Cole, the University of Michigan Middle Eastern history professor who uses his reputation as a critic of the Bush administration’s war against Iraq to sell the Obama administration’s war on Libya.
Amber stared at it, still trying to catch up.
All are looking for answers. But as they draw closer to discovering the town’s chilling secret, the real question becomes . . . will any of them make it out alive?
Which to me suggests that they'd say 'no' within 8 weeks - hitting their target, but after an appeal (paid for by the person wanting to do the work) it would appear their answer was wrong 6 out of 10 times. In business results like that would lead to some heads rolling. Indeed Price Waterhouse Coopers slated them for it.
Blog Candy Giveaway
Dear Heavenly Father, in the Name of Our Lord Jesus Christ, I walk in dominion today, because You’ve given me the Spirit of power, love and of a sound mind! I walk worthy of You today, unto all pleasing, rejoicing that You’re the One causing me to triumph over fear, Satan, and the world. Hallelujah! Amen!
One of my most favorite features of the SUPER website is the page entitled "Superfoods". This page lists the foods that naturally improve your skin, such as apples, coconuts, yogurt, ginger, and many more. I honestly never knew that the foods listed had so many benefits. I found it very educational! For example, I learned about carotenoids benefits. Carotenoids, which can be found within melon, are a “class of antioxidants that help protect your skin from environmental stressors”.
1 Cup Frozen Whole-Kernel Corn- I used a can of corn because I needed it to come together quickly and had originally planned on grilling some corn on the cob
I will always love you. No matter what.
We will have a collection box in the main office and will set up a table during lunches. Please encourage students to participate and consider looking through any junk drawers you may have at home for some unwanted cell phones. They can make a world of difference for someone. For more information check out hopephones.org, everymothercounts.org or mobilemedic.org
stage for
The Pirates’ Erik Bedard largely baffled the Cardinal offense Thursday afternoon, striking out 11 in only 5 innings, giving up 5 hits and 2 runs, both of those in the 1st. Lifted after 5, his teammates on the mound struck out 6 more.
The young man had all of his necessary instruction, shooting qualifications, paperwork, fingerprints, et al finished and was waiting on that magical day that some how transforms him from a snot-nosed rampaging can't-be-trusted punk into a responsible citizen who can now legally drink responsibly and purchase a handgun and carry it concealed.
I'm pretty sure it was a hawk. There were some people present who seemed to be experts on birds and called it a hawk. But if any of you know for a fact that this can't be a hawk but must be some other predatory bird, leave a comment.
He sauntered over. It would have looked better had he not been beaten all to hell. “Yes master?” He said imitating the Igor lisp from movies.
Boston Beer Company (Samuel Adams) Samuel Adams Summer Ale
Then i got in pertanian shelter.. After a way long trip for central jakarta to
9) Water - 2 small bowls
Bern is one endless picturesque vista, a quaint European city beautifully displaying its medieval origin. Paul Klee grew up here. Albert Einstein lived here. The Kunsthalle Bern was the site of Bernese native Harald Szeeman’s paradigm-shifting exhibition “When Attitudes Become Form.” The year prior he let Christo and Jeanne-Claude wrap the kunsthalle, their first building.
**minimum brush purchase of $27.95 required for FREE Embellishment Package
And where´s the hidden element, you ask? Here:
On to Wednesday.
One final note, about the less-capable ANTI-SEMITES!!! Sure, they're a burden in the sense that the average person isn't bright enough to separate the wheat from the chaff and forgo the guilt by association fallacy, given enough reason (nobody seems to apply these standards to leftoid values like blank-slatism and equalitarianism; mouth-breathers supporting these things abound). But there are plenty of idiots who criticize Blacks. I don't see any HBD-ers, Race Realists, or White Advocates bemoaning the burden they create.
I was in the shop working when I heard a strange sound out on the patio that I thought was a loud cat. I walk out the side door and what do I see but a little kid who saw me and ran up the sidewalk and into the bushes behind the little garage. We have new neighbors and that must have been their kid. I thought it was funny and walked into the house. When I came out later and walked towards the shop I could hear a little boy crying hysterically so I figured his parents punished him for going over into the neighbors yard. But as I got closer to the little garage I could see he was in there throwing a tantrum. So I walked towards him and asked if he was ok. But I must have scared him even more so he crawled under a table in the back. I walked in and tried to convince him it was ok but he wouldn't stop crying and screaming. Just when I was wondering what I was going to do his dad came over and got his son out. He apologized and said it was a weird way to meet his new neighbors. He knew about our Halloween setup and I told him he has years to get his son used to us.
(Easter in the Land of Oz
That was why, she thought to herself as she rushed down the crowded sidewalk to the building that housed Sloan’s penthouse, she couldn’t wait to share her exciting news,
was a chance I wouldn’t take
Sadly - all these 4 guys are now gone.
The international media is, rightfully, warning us not to count Burma’s democratic chickens before they’re democratically hatched. There’s still a long way to go. Still, today matters and we should allow ourselves a little victory dance.
4 SRI LANKA
I don’t really like including this film on the list because it knocked out some of my more personal favorite superhero films (Thor, X-Men) but it defiantly belongs here. Superman was the birth of the superhero film. It basically laid out a blueprint for all the superhero films that followed it. Yea it has some plot holes and yes it isn’t as serious as it should have been but the original Superman’s influence still reaches to today. Now don’t get me wrong, I didn’t just add it on this list for some type of Citizen Kane effect, Superman works. From it’s exciting beginning to a thrilling (even though implausible) conclusion, the Man of Steel is well represented. Superman might not be your go to superhero film but its undeniable that it’s DNA has infused itself with the genre in a way that no other film has. If there ever was a birth to the superhero genre, this was it.
David screamed. He bucked and thrashed trying desperately to escape the grasp of the two men as they held him down, but the paralysis had made him weak and feeble. They pulled his cheeks apart, exposing the red gash of his anus. The cock entered him.
Once you start the pasta, get ready to work quickly! In a wok or large skillet, heat canola oil to smoking. Add garlic and red pepper flakes and stir quickly so as not to burn garlic. (About 15 seconds.) Add broccoli and cauliflower and stir about 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium. Add grated ginger. Add rice vinegar to deglaze. Stir. Add bell pepper and scallions. Stir. Keep everything moving to avoid scorching. Add mushrooms. Continue stirring and cooking until mushrooms have softened. Add drained water chestnuts.
It is currently holding my markers
It is our understanding that neither the M.T.A. nor the Empire State
I’ve decided that I’m going to dial back the 30-day goal when it comes time to start that process with The Nine. Yes, I know, I beat pace every day when writing both of the novels I’ve completed, but I’m on to me there too. I’m going to tell myself that pace is okay (rather than a starting point), that 3k is amazing, and to quit for the day while I still have brain cells that function and am somewhat awake. I’m going to keep reminding myself of that as many times as I have to until I have it pounded through my seriously thick skull. There is no point in making myself brain dead for my writing. I’m not good enough for it to be worth that price, and even if I were that awesome, it still wouldn’t be worth it.
Day 4 was my first day at work on the Reset and it went pretty well. I ran out of time in the morning and had a Shakeology for breakfast and it kept me surprisingly full all the way until lunch. Lunch was the LifeGift Joint Council Meeting so I had my lentils and salad while everyone else had their awesome looking Pot Belly sandwiches but it’s okay. The lentils weren’t as good the second day by half. They were actually a little gross. The lime that made them so great on Day 3 was blech. Dinner though…OMG coconut oil is my new favorite cooking tool. There were veggies stir fried in coconut oil plus quinoa and a salad and it was AWWWWWWESOME. The coconut oil made the veggies taste amaaaazing.
Sanef horrified
April 1, 2012 12:01 a.m. ET: Conan O’Brien Buys Mashable, Ousts Pete Cashmore as CEO
Reel you in, to greet my ghosts with grace
Perhaps you, like Saul of Tarsus, were led out of legalistic religion into a saving knowledge of Jesus Christ.
when little gels played hopscotch
“Very well, if you wish… But I require that you call me Great Lord” he said arrogantly, regaining a little of his composure. Well, if the voice wanted to be his servant, there were rules to be followed and his word was law. As he dwelled on it, the more his ego grew. Perhaps he had just been wrong and this was just all a ploy to impress him. If it was, then it certainly was impressive.
I'll be popping back to mention May's Word Soup and the Edge Hill Prize ceremony, but for the most part it's going to be pretty quiet around here.
It was so windy today, it made wearing this thing all the more dramatic. I look so pissed in the first pic but I can assure you I was a happy camper (duh-sunday funday). I've really been into robes lately; probably because they justify temper tantrums and make me feel like the boss lady.
Facebook or Twitter?
We had promised to meet Mngadi at 3:30, and it was now only 2:00, so we went back to see the school teacher, Margaret Kunene. She was still not back, but we waited and had tea, and she then arrived on the bus. We showed her the Message, and she was quite pleased with it, but she said she found it difficult to understand since the Zulu translation was so bad. But she took a few anyway, and said she would distribute them. She had been a teacher at Ratschitz, but said she was now going to teach at a community school somewhere near Volksrust, and tried to persuade Cosmas to come next weekend to give her a lift there. and eventually he lent her the money for the transfer, reckoning that it would be cheaper than coming to give her a lift.
replace it with vulgarity.
In addition, the TV network ratings for last night’s episode of “GCB” were down to their lowest yet – coming in last place for its timeslot against the other major networks. “GCB” viewership was down 21% from the previous week’s episode.
So where do we go to from here, perhaps a piece of adult education and training is necessary to encourage the big people to get involved in the excavation projects and help in safeguarding our history and culture from the economics. Perhaps we should start our own research community of practitioners and publish our own stories about our ancestors’ glory and our past. I personally would love to work with like-minded Africans in the building of our stories, tales of long ago and far away but with guidance for living as a positive African in the world today. I know I will write more about the Old Road story. If you are interested in seeing the list of the 312 Africans then email me at sknmatters@mail.com for a copy. Blessed Love.
(This is a potential choking hazard to small children.)
OF MONTREAL 11/22 9/13/08 @ 12 noon
A gust of wind ruffles my hair, and a huge dragon crashes into the loamy soil to my left, spattering me with charred soil and mud.
continuing to be a family, not an institution;
1 Tbsp Freshly squeezed lemon juice
9. But I am excited, none the less. It's a pretty big part.
3He may be given forty blows, not more; for if more are given, your brother may be shamed before you.
It was so beautiful, and yet ask me why and I can’t tell you. It’s so fundamental and self-evident to me that I can’t break it down. It felt like the one time I could believe that the Earth is round, and it belonged to me. That kind of beauty, or rather the attempt to analyse it, can drive a person crazy. It’s like, this beauty can only be evidence of a God. And now that we have evidence, we have no need for faith – so in the face of certainty what is left for us but insanity?
Historically, members of the Indian upper class were the first to take “honeymoons.” Recently-betrothed couples would travel to faraway lands to visit relatives who had bene unable to attend the wedding. In the Western world, honeymoons became the fashion around the time of the Belle Epoque, when couples would vacation together immediately following the wedding, while the marriage was still “sweet.” Popular destinations for early European honeymooners included the French Riviera, Rome, and Venice.
4-5 springs thyme
You can abuse your body up to age 35. After that, it abuses you.
Well, that’s all for infographics. My next assignment is environmental graphics which has to be based on education and the university I’m in, but I’ll talk about that another day. As for my stop motion animation, I’m getting all the props ready (bought some little doll house pieces from a crafts shop the other day especially for this project so I better get something good out of it, hahaha!). I have done a couple of background stuff and just got to do a few more then I can start the whole thing : )
I'm not so sure about the ending. I'm a melodramatic person and wanted it to end sooner with a little less happiness. It was a nice, solid ending. But I'm just a dark person who likes to see people suffer.
"Fear The Claw's"
We will be at the Baby Bazaar on Sunday the 6th November so come down and have a chat with us and have a dip in our famous chocolate fountain. We love to meet our readers.
For a boring politician
At an award dinner in Queens some years back he presented me with a painting that stunned me. There in his fine hand and lovely brush work he had composed the story of my life as he knew it, from my love of James Connolly back in Wexford to the madness of the Lower East Side, from forming Black 47 with Chris Byrne on Bainbridge on down through the obvious successes and attendant failures.
Since nothing unholy will ever be admitted to Heaven, holiness is critical for salvation.
Before leaving the house, Mae created a quick tag and cut a mason jar using her Silhouette SD and stamped the center with PSA Essentials Peel and Stick custom stamp. This “From the Kitchen of” personalized stamp is so versatile – use it anytime you bake or cook and give it to friends. She added brown yarn around the rim of the jars to dress it up.
Also, despite declaring how Facebook makes my blood boil like a Piers Morgan sex tape, I'm thinking about how social media might be useful in spreading the word. In other words, is it a good idea to create a Muppets For Justice Facebook page?
(10) Rain gear: It might be a good idea to bring a poncho. Garbage bags also work. Keep in mind some police may perceive umbrellas as a threat. Bring extras of everything, kept dry in your backpack.
as a great moment of faith, ended with Jesus asking Peter, “why did you doubt?” I don’t believe Jesus was being hard on him. I think He really wanted to encourage Peter that he was, and can do the impossible! It just takes keeping our eyes on Him so we give no place for the enemy to bring doubt and unbelief. We know that those are the weapons the enemy uses to keep us double minded and
Manchester City fans, if they are capable of being unhappy about anything at the moment, might be somewhat angered by the comments of Sergio Aguero’s father-in-law, Diego Maradona, about Kun’s career options. According to TalkSPORT, he said: “Kun has to play for Real Madrid. Even though he is flying at City, the best thing would have been to sign for Madrid. He made a mistake.” While Madrid would be happy to have one of the best strikers in the world, they already have Karim Benzema and Gonzalo Higuain. Plus, Aguero is settled in Manchester, where he is obviously succeeding in the Premier League with the Citizens this season.
home storage. My husband and I resolved to make a conscious effort to acquire more food, water, and savings for our growing family. For us, the best way to accomplish this was to find small ways to make family home storage a part of everyday life.
Hah! How dare I? For if there was ever a tough beast to master, it is marriage. However much love it may be founded on, it requires respect in equal measure. How ever many rights we’d like to see fulfilled, it requires compromise even more. And above all, it requires hard work! Lots of it!
But now there is a turning of the tides.
Set of directions, to be read as follows:
Arranged by Nelson Riddle
* Link up by 10/13 - 11:59 CST
I wonder how I can help without being too much of a big sister and not her friend. I want her to know how very strong she can be. I want her to know that she is a beautiful person with friends (and family) who know what she is capable of and the kind of person she is. There are so many things that she puts off because I think she is a little overwhelmed and doesn't know how to start moving forward. I can only be there for her and yet, I am not as much as I should be.
Kevin Makowski is a corporate communications professional from Irvine, California with more than 20 years of experience in photography, video production and digital graphics for medical centers, children's hospitals and medical research organizations. A first-time HOPE volunteer, Kevin is serving as HOPE’s Public Affairs Officer in Costa Rica and Guatemala.
This is an excerpt from the book Crazy Love, and surprisingly was written by 12 yr old Brooke Bronkowski.
Rectangular Face: Go for curves
The rest of you probably knew that already, but when I was grumbling about doing it in the first place and swearing at the lead that kept getting stuck around the end of the ironing board, it wasn't the most mind-freeing thing in the world.
As far as family is concerned, I have some regular contact with two cousins, but that's my lot.----
Teasing can be a form of domination, stimulating different erogenous zones, without giving in to the actual acts gives you all the cards in the sexual deck. Playing with expectations, physical and otherwise, puts you right in the driver’s seat.
Height: Approximately 5'2"ish (when standing next to all 5'4" of me)
* Provides consultation & directs study design, analysis plans & interpretation of study results to TPMG, KFH/P managers & committees as discussed w/ DOR Research Scientist
I was drawn to unschooling because it felt like a natural extension of attachment parenting. I felt like we had trusted our children from day one to become the people they needed to be. I also remember that we started this journey knowing that each child would be ready for the challenges of life in their own time and in their own way. Remembering these two things has helped me tremendously.
A brand portal for all the companies in India and a medical management software. Both these products are set to hit the Indian markets in February. In the months to come, if you hear the names Doondoo and MedEasy, remember this. It all started with “Two years ago, 2 young minds had an idea…”
every other time
PERFORMANCE EXHAUST
As far as her biopsies go...we did get results back. Her lungs did not show any signs of her reflux damaging them, so we are thankful for that. This should mean that having her tonsils out, and her cleft fixed, she will not aspirate as much, which will greatly minimize her chances of pneumonia. We will do some swallow studies to be sure though...
What a perfectly unusual and inspired combination, Barbara…
One to fetch the infernal machine. Place was a bit calmer on that
A collection of songs whose central theme is loosely based on the life and people of a small English village, meanwhile showing how quickly the world has changed (mostly for the worse): this is possibly the best collection of songs of any concept LP in my top ten. Tracks like Animal Farm, Picture Book, Big Sky and The Village Green Preservation Society are all gems in their own right. The only thing holding back this effort from a higher position is that there is not a hard connecting story to these songs- some were written independently of each other, and later grouped together due to their neighborly connection to Old England and the everyday people who made it great- a small quibble about a wonderful basket of tunes that never grows old.
We thought we were the most creative and amazing of all generations... Little did we know we were just reinventing 1960's macrame!
DT: Tough question. Most fantasy worlds are fairly unsafe places to live in, aren't they? I'm going to opt for Vance's Lyonesse; it might not be significantly less dangerous than anywhere else, but at least I'd never be bored.
Mr. Black and Mr. McScribe acknowledged the introduction with the usual polite phrases.
No part of the adoption journey has been easy. Any adoptive parent will tell you that the process involves tons of paperwork, many long interviews, a few home visits, several references letters, detailed background checks and of course thousands of dollars. We saved for years but most people do not have $20,000 cash just sitting around not being used!
"Look what is still hanging on that ugly old Christmas tree," the child said, and stamped upon the branches until they cracked beneath his shoes.
3. You can live stream on either a PC or a MAC.
Immediate consequence: a sharp border war between Great Britain and Israel.
Who fascinates me with her creamy skin.
Let's be honest. Conspiracy theories just scream "Picture book!".
How did a whole month go by? Very quickly, that's how.
So you can guess that I needed new furniture, bed, mattress, closet, paint it, and adapt it for living conditions, and I'm broke because of that. I've spent most of the past weekends doing all of these things. Weekends are the only days that I can take photos for blogging purposes. My theme for the room is Shabby Chic/Liz Lisa style without the distressed furniture.
All in all - the tiling was WAY harder than I thought it would be. Maybe not harder...but time consuming. And yes, harder. It's just not like when they do it on TV. Anyways...enough griping...onto the important stuff - was it worth it? (spoiler alert: hell ya.).
Headed back home, my ride rumbled,
This album was produced by Ibrahima Sylla with Boncana Maïga, a partnership responsible for uncounted outstanding recordings. While Modibo's guitar and Moriba Koïta's ngoni carry the traditional current, Maïga's electric bass and keyboards have a funky edge that gives the ageless praise singing a completely modern setting. Tata Bambo rides above it all, demanding attention with her extraordinary voice. Grab this extraordinary album, listen to it with headphones, and don't let go.
Promptly take care of home maintenance projects. That leaky faucet is not going to suddenly stop leaking and will cause more damage if left alone. Been there, done that!!
Prediction Two (easy): Irvine McMinn will be eliminated in the first round.
Roses bloomed, butterflies emerged from wall crevices, a dry shed, and sought out the late blossom of buddleia to stock up for overwintering. California poppies that thought they’d come to an alien planet, flowered and raised their faces to the sun.
So if you ever start a baking project and it goes haywire, just remember you can probably turn it into something else just as tasty! We did have some leftovers so I sent them to the church office Monday morning with Adam so it would be eaten by someone else!
And kind of sore from yesterday’s charity activities.
- One crib rail
Has anyone ever told you that you need to show and not tell? Maybe that reason is because you’re using adverbs incorrectly. For the most part, an adverb is just a verb ending in the suffix ly. Happily and sappily are good examples of this.
I was told that the people of Vienna were not very friendly except with their own kind. Expatriates may feel alien in this sort of atmosphere. However, if you wish to work in Vienna, it will be to your advantage to join any of social groups that expatriate workers have formed. There are many of them working there so you will not feel like a fish out of water.
"Beauty, pretty boy"
Barnsley Council officials have pointed out that the Cutting Edge is "clearly not a research or test facility" and therefore not exempt from the smoking ban. Enforcement officers are set to visit the premises in Bank End Road today (Wednesday) and take action, which could lead to a maximum penalty fine of £2,500.
I hate to say it, but Rodenbach-style red ales and oud bruins are also on serious life support, too. They've more or less been collapsed into a single style, and there are only a few breweries that still produce the style in the authentic barrel-aged fashion. If Rodenbach went out of business, could we say the style really still existed commerically?
Netizens who saw the CF fell in love with her charm, and left comments such as, “The daughter who is smiling so brightly, as if she is having so much fun driving, is so lovable,” “Just watching this lovable CF made me laugh,” “The father and daughter look so affectionate!” “I wish I had a daughter like that. The model who plays the daughter is cute and refreshing,” and “The daughter’s innocent expression is so refreshing.”
"The Mystery of a Studio"
Other: Blender Pen, Corner Rounder Punch, Big Shot, Adorning Accents EF, Square Lattice EF
We accomplished a lot as far as wedding prep this week too. Here's a quick snapshot:
Despite reflecting the subjective desire of the “99%” for justice this demand actually perpetuates illusions in the ability of this decaying system to be reformed by simply adjusting the tax code. Significantly accompanying this demand is the admonishment of the corporate elite for their greed. This critique of capitalists as merely a cabal of mean and nasty, greedy thugs who can be brought into line by tax reform erects a roof before laying the foundation.
(Obviously minus the rest of her body, face, talent, hair or money.)
his natural parents and placed with a Christian foster family even
She nodded her head in acknowledgement, and I grabbed a condom out of her drawer. Yes, even after being together for fifteen months, she made me wear a condom every. single. time. we had sex. Maybe the main reason for this was because she wasn’t on the pill, or any other form of birth control. I put the condom on, which is always a bit of a painful process, and got back on top of her. For people who wonder if branding (the marketing kind, not like putting a brand on a living thing) works, FigureSkater only trusted Trojan condoms. She never once ever was willing to use Durex, or anything else. Absolutely had to have Trojan. It was like a sorority girl and her Diet Coke.
The break up has been fairly amicable. My Friend has been understanding and helpful. He says he wants me to be happy. I'm glad things have gone fairly smoothly. It's still hard and many tears have been shed. But I know in my heart that this is for the best. It's best for me. It's probably best for him too.
My band does pretty well most days, it is on the tight side and it seems to get a little worse depending on colds, heat, elevation...things such as that. I am planning to visit my surgeon next month to discuss my progress and see what he thinks about an adjustment. I do not have any reflux or issues. I still believe my biggest issue is the big bite problem. I take big bites, talk while I eat....and all of that comes from really not being in the moment and present with what I am doing. That is what multitasking all the time will get you!
To save the kids from a meal at Olive Garden (or maybe saving Olive Garden from the kids) we offered to host a dinner for everyone. I was thrilled they were thrilled and set about planning a buffet of heavy hors d'oeuvres. (old caterers die hard)
Chris writes: “I was fortunate enough to be invited to join Judy Wright and Mary Carter in the kitchen recently as we all worked to prepare 100 nutritious and tasty meals for people living in several North Nashville hotels. Like an episode of Chopped, we took a few minutes to meal-plan as we shopped the pantry to see what was available, with particular attention to ensuring that as little food was wasted as possible. …
Free the Bexley One.
A place of refuge, inebriation, the flag of St George and lairy geezers, The Neptune has sold its last pint. The heart of old Somers Town has finally stopped beating and we say goodbye to the last bastion of the white working class male.
Ello - I'm so glad you were naughty! Although naught is so tame a word to use for an author who writes weird and darkly disturbing horror stories! So why do you think books like yours with POC characters are important to our kids?
My whole lower face, just flaking, and painful, and burny.
At the age of 2 years Neil had a difficult time crawling and he wasn’t gaining weight. He was diagnosed with mixed cerebral palsy and was the size of the average 10 month baby. At 5 years, Neil was struggling to walk as his grandparents walked behind him and kept him from falling. For nine consecutive months, doctors had a series of casts on Neil’s legs to straighten them. When the final cast was removed, Neil never walked again.
So, since a lot of my readers are women, maybe one of you can answer this for me: Who has convinced you all that you need $300 hairstyles and gobs of makeup and blindingly overwhitened teeth and overstuffed boobs, just to look attractive? And why? Besides the obvious 100 billion-dollar-a-year cosmetics industry, I mean. Women are smart enough not to fall for that marketing crap, aren't they? AREN'T THEY? Why the obsession with perfection? It's easier, cheaper, and more likeable and real to just be who you are. And don't tell me you like to wear makeup because it makes you feel good about yourself when you look in the mirror and see someone beautiful looking back at you - you ARE beautiful without all that stuff, and if you think you're not it's because you've been brainwashed by the 100 billion dollar marketing machine. And don't tell me that women like Jenny are lucky because they're naturally beautiful and you could never get away with not wearing makeup because you're not one of the lucky ones - you ARE beautiful, and if you think you're not it's because you've been brainwashed by the 100 billion dollar marketing machine. Okay, maybe you could do without that giant hairy mole on your nose, but that's the exception - if you have one of those, get it removed. Otherwise, just be happy with who you are, and learn to like the way you look. Because you're beautiful. And I'm a man, so I'm kind of an authority on the subject of beautiful women.
*THEY’RE COMING TO GET YOU – Radio Spot
And, Happy New Year!!!
First consider expenditure growth. People, 1985 - 2009 is 25 years. 48% growth over 25 years is, at a first approximation, something like a 2% annual growth rate. That just doesn't seem so bad a rate of spending increase. It's clearly below the rate of growth of real GDP. Is that really the same as the health care case?
So. While the weather here in Rabat is toying with my emotions, I am dreaming of summer and spending some time by a large body of water, any body of water. I have been warned of the wrath of the summer gods and am already grinning at the thought of 40-50°C, I mean, seriously? I'm gonna wither and dry up if I don't stay near a pool. Nothing left to do but plan some vacation time to maybe run off to Essaouira for a weekend or two..
It's just very hard right now. And I have to snuggle a lot with mommy. A LOT.
The walk was arduous but not as burdensome as her trip to the bus depot in New Concord. The nap in the bus and the fresh air revived her somewhat. Nonetheless, she yawned all the way as she plodded along.
We were there (at the mall) just to eat. If I wasn’t really so busy at work lately, I would’ve been nosy enough to know that Forever 21 actually opened up its fashion doors to the “Northerners” last April 20.
Starting a fire is really hard, well at least for me it is and I don't like the idea of using lighter fluid. These fire starters are a great use for things you would normally just throw away or recycle and you only need 2 ingredients. Toilet paper or paper towel rolls and lint. Lint is a great fire started since it is a big reason for dryer fires and why it is soooo important to clean out your lint catcher after every use (my dad is a fireman I heard this a lot). I have also seen this done with cardboard egg cartons, lint, and a little bit melted wax poured over. There a great tutorial for this recipe here. Honestly I like to do the easies thing possible! So here it is!
As if I don't have enough anger, frustration and conflict in my conscious hours, now I get to do it in my sleep too.
Nah bagaimana gan??? tertarik dengan software ini?? langsung saja ya download :
Why, she was asked, is there "a common perception held by many young people that the U.S. is anti-Muslim?"
Time passed and we both carried on in school but in 1977 both John and Biswajit decided to change schools.
I have admired Hellen and Harvey's mantra regarding transparency and openness. Only they would be comfortable with the brutally honest words I have written. I would never write or read such a thing to anyone else on an anniversary, much less title this Bitter Greens. However, I know they understand such words come from a place of deeply rooted love and understanding.
Never confuse education with intelligence.
I will choose FIVE winners, each of them will be able to choose ONE book from the list.
4 green onions, finely chopped
You'll find you can save a ton of money on script writers 'cause you'll never know what we'll say...or how we'll say it. Between the two us, we got enough mouth for ten rows of teeth.
What happens next is an inevitability of life.
I present to you…. My first ever ceramics bowl!!!
We started with The Marine, on the Marine Parade overlooking the North Sea:
Adding a second camera facing the interviewer not only provides a second shot, but allows each camera to reframe its shot while the other camera is being used. This enables you to cut between a range of shots without having to constantly zoom in and out.
It gets tricky here. I am now sorting through Eric’s shelves of McLuhan books – enough rare and varied McLuhan books, off-prints, theses and personal copies of his books to make a McLuhan fan choke.
I don’t know, maybe there is lack of monitoring by the state. If the complaints were submitted against this manager to be accountable and if she was punished for what she did, her behaviors will not be repeated by anyone. But where is the authority of law? Why people are so weak and silent? I believe that these weak points still characterize our societies everywhere…
Readers Annotation: Her mother and siblings are now dead-Rachel alone survived the mysterious fall; her search for identity with a family’s history of shame and secrets begins…
Here's a close up...
Mix the jammy mix into the remaining filling, then pour this onto the rest of the filling. Swirl together.
Comments: This is a free-form field, so you’re free to enter whatever you want.
2 evidence
He was a guy I first met in a mental institution. He was singing Pink Floyd songs in isolation as I walked in. I started singing with him. We soon made friends.
coiled upon elegance
Passover Short Stories in the following collections:
I like rice cakes. I make soups, stir fries, even deep fries with them.
I am so thankful for this journey and to show my daughter that you can complete a goal, if you put your mind to it. It took me longer than I would have liked, but I finally am finished with this degree! I plan to pursue a Master’s degree, but I am going to get some much needed rest before I start that chapter in my life!
"He's just a boy, Mom," she assured me with only the slightest hint of an eye roll.
While Emily played outside, Mr. Whitcombe, their next door neighbour watched her from the window. He felt so sad for Emily and her mother. He knew the pain of loss to, as his wife; Bessie had died only just 1 year ago and left him alone. As he watched Emily and Ellie playing in the snow, he wondered what he could do to help this family?
(with the television on)
I cannot help but wonder if anyone took notice of a tiny bit of detail depicted in the De Virga world map, made by the Venetian Albertinius de Virga between 1411 and 1415. The surprising thing about this map is that it gives a fairly accurate description of the regions of Asia and Africa and the contour of Africa is quite accurately rendered, at a time when the African continent had not even been rounded by European explorers yet!
A ravenous feast of bestial patterns.
He got me a packet of some gorgeous little 'cat bells', a small clear stamp from Hot Off The Press (the Just a Note set), and some so yummy pink and brown glass beads. I won't say I quizzed him on why he brought what he did, but I sure did try and understand the mans thinking as everything he brought was exactly what I would have brought and for the same intentions I would have brought it for too! I did learn a very valuable lesson in this though, while he may not show that he takes an interest in what I spend my free time on, he certainly does take notice :)
Today health care accounts must find ways to attract more patients to their clinics to increase their daily census. Twenty years ago it was almost unheard of to see billboards marketing hospitals and their service. Today hospitals are on billboards, radio and television all to market that they are “# 1 in heart surgery” or “the top cancer treatment center in the region.” This is all designed to get more people to come to their institution for treatment and therefore, increase hospital revenue.
Tights and boot socks (which I HAVE to wear with these boots or they rub my leg, no worries they were under the skirt as you can see in the full pic) - Target
My next sponsor is Vicki from Live in My Heart! Vicki is a wonderful Blog Friend and she is a Scentsy Consultant! I find myself buying more Scentsy Bars now that I’ve found Vicki :) That’s okay, right? :) She has a wonderful personality, and her Blog is full of amazing things! You really need to go check out her Blog. Like, right now :) Head on over and have a look-see, and be sure to leave her some love!
It’s not easy being a gigger, but it’s got its perks. I should know – I’m one of them, freelancing finance gigs and working part-time for a “creative” company. For me, the best part about freelancing is that I set my own hours. And I don’t have to do the bs work that usually comes with a full-time job. I’m much more motivated to do actual work. I’m not trying to kill time until it’s time to go home. Every hour, every minute is precious. That said, I do crave the stability of a full-time job. Health care is a downer for freelancers, but fortunately, I can leech off of my husband’s. But for those freelancers without that option, the Freelancers Union is one organization which helps freelancers obtain benefits.
My riding has gotten easier the last few weeks as well, I ride the same 20 mile section of trail each week sometimes changing it up a bit but its mostly the same area. The last three weeks after our weekend ride I feel like I can do another 10 miles with ease.. ok maybe not with ease but I know that I could do it and its not been the case until about 3 rides ago. The way I see it is that if my weight keeps coming down back to where it was and beyond that the rides will just get easier and that is a good thing! Getting stronger while getting lighter is a formula for better rides so that's what I am going to do as last year I was riding easier than this year and I would like to get back to that level. I have mentioned that I have a riding buddy now and we snapped a couple few photos during one of our stops this Saturday but the images of me came out blurry, I suspect that sweaty Ed touched the lens of the camera so all ya get is the shot of him and his new Jamis this time around.
3. Why Don't You Stay - Summer Camp
It would be an adventure and a statement. If he could do it, he would prove to the world that there are other alternatives to powering sea travel besides fossil fuels and wind. It would also demonstrate just what solar power is capable of.
2-3 large shallots, minced
Looks like I won't get to see T tomorrow. At least, it doesn't sound like it. He gchatted me today and mentioned that he wouldn't be able to take a vacation day tomorrow like he had planned. :( So, I guess, in all likelihood, I won't be seeing him until the Monday after next at the earliest. That blows! I'm still hoping that maybe I'll get to see him, even just briefly before he leaves for Europe.
- She always has to have something sweet after she eats. Today she added just a bit of grape jelly to the last bite of her pancakes and that did the trick. I suppose I have her to thank for this vice of mine.
My name is Sehun. My real name is Oh Sehun.
We walked deeper into the building, but just before I could open my mouth and make an idiot of myself yet again – what would that be, like ten times in as many minutes? Dude, seriously: what was going on with the world? – she stopped outside a classroom door and took a deep breath. Her commando-queen façade slipped for a moment and she shot me a nervous glance. “Ready?”
Boulder Beer Co Boulder Sweaty Betty Blonde German Weiss Beer
That’s not to say, though, that is isn’t worrying that there are few original ideas. When I saw the trailer to Total Recall 2012 I groaned. When I heard about the remake of Robocop I wanted to cry. When Michael Bay told us about Teenage Alien Ninja Turtles I wanted to gouge out my eyes.
So, with that in mind, lets imagine my friends and loves as an allotment or a garden of lovely flowers. This garden is my baby and more often that not, where I spend a lot of my time watering and encouraging new flowers to grow. Sometimes I sit in the shade of a fully grown oak and look up at it with pride and share the tales of years of friendship gone by.
It’s not really true, though; yet sometimes it feels as though sleeping is a waste of time. That’s at least 8 hours I could be doing something else. Well, it’s now 20 minutes of midnight and I feel a run coming on.
Can't wait to see the finished product made by the girls!
This is at a time when human rights abuses continue to be a major factor of Turkish life, and the country faces the growing threat of Militant Islam. Why thanks Mister President we really appreciate your support.
Anyone who was there will tell you that the vast majority of protestors were law-abiding and peaceful participants in this process, but what they were up against was a police force poisoned by years of Umno interference.
