No Jimmy... they were not kidding you. It is for real!
At MGM Garson starred in memorable film classics including “Goodbye, Mr. Chips”. Garson was nominated for an Oscar for her role.
Did I mention that I work full time? I also do a fair bit of stuff outside if that too… In fact I generally have a pretty packed life. My husband does too. The dog, on the other hand, is a right lazy devil.
Just a quick thought about the killer OAPs in Amy's Choice. In that scene where they slowly but deliberately approach from the field, was anyone else reminded of a zombie apocalypse style scene? The slow movements, the wide eyes and the gaping mouths are very stereoptypical of Hollywood zombie flicks.
Developers of the projects have already postponed several proposals or abandoned them entirely. The California agency charged with planning a renewable energy transmission grid has rerouted proposed power lines to avoid the monument.
Their fellowship they find
Following are excerpts from an address by Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on January 5, 2007.
He sounds a bit exasperated.
Wei Tsu Tin almost never had trouble sleeping. For some reason, this night was different. It might have been the heat, but he had slept in humid heat before. It might have been the excitement … the bombing of the Americans’ camp was absolutely glorious … but that had been days ago. Wei had slept well through the previous nights.
1 (15 oz.) can whole kernel corn, drained
Happy Friday all you culture lovin' lovelies...go out and listen to a musical, it does the soul some good (c:
Though rodents tickle smile growth
lyrics that captured your instant moment thoughts.
Police officers almost never face a criminal trial for accidental shootings. A police officer in Framingham, Massachusetts, stumbled during a raid and shot and killed 68-year-old grandfather Eurie Stamps last Wednesday. The district attorney's office said the act did not "rise to the level of criminal conduct, and the shooting death of Eurie Stamps was an accident."
“We are now seeing the toxic downside,” co-author and sugar researcher Lustig, a professor of clinical pediatrics at the UCSF Center for Obesity Assessment, Study, and Treatment, told WebMD. “There has to be some sort of societal intervention. We cannot do it on our own because sugar is addictive. Personal intervention is necessary, but not sufficient.”…
½ tsp turmeric
Since she liked it I sent her my favourite quote of Rumi's and one of my favourite quotes on romantic love of all time and suggested it might work for her own wedding.
1954 Roger Bannister, a 25 year old British medical student, became the first man to run a mile in less than four minute (at the Iffley Road Sports Ground, Oxford). His time was 3 minute 59.4 seconds.
in puddles of water playground
I've found Him in the aisle while overhearing an unseen elderly man sing a hymn as he shopped.
Tom Johnston - guitar, lead vocal on "Turn It Loose" and vocals on "Wheels of Fortune"
This is a two-part activity I have done at the start of most of those maternity sub jobs. It worked so well the first time, that I have continued to do it with each one. I will caution you to use your discretion because one of my last jobs was for a teacher who had a sweet little preemie. Luckily everything worked out with her and the baby, but I skipped the first part (the measurement part) of this activity because I felt it was in poor taste. And I also did not do this activity when I took over for another long-term sub who could not complete the job since the baby was already a week old.
My dad was surprised.
This period of time is about growing people, my kids, myself, my friends. Being a cheerleader, an encouragement and an inspiration. I am not perfect. I have a pretty hard time keeping on top of anything and my house always looks scruffy. I am nearly always late and have random ways to go about things. I always do things with good heart, give my best and care for those who live in my life. I start things and I'm committing to finish many of them, including raising my boys in a healthy and stable home.
A little over a year ago, I committed to writing in this blog. At the time, I just needed somewhere to write things out. I was in a not-so-good emotional place, and my sole purpose then was merely to write out the hurt, write out the confusion. I hoped wildly that, by doing that, I would somehow write myself to somewhere brighter.
Scene eyeshaodw (MAC)
Earlier in the week, I watched a magnificently beautiful video that features the photos of two photographers who are on staff at First United Methodist Church in Melbourne. I was reminded by the amazingly magnificent images that my husband–who died in May 2011–was the person who taught me to recognize and appreciate the beauty in nature.
Come on over to JDS and show us your projects! You could win some cute digi stamps!
For now, though, I have memories of Keret's and Harrington's particularly memorable performances to hold onto. Ah John Cage, what an oddball genius you remain!
You can see the two sides of the fabric. I’m thinking the inside should have really been the outside. It is such a fun print. But I like the dots too.
I did manage to spend the amount needed to get a special package from Kim - full of some of this months' release!! and then I wasn't even home so that I could jump the gun and give you some previews - but oh-well....you will see lots soon - love the Behind the Camera and those little Cowboy and Cowgirl Pure Innocence stamps are to die for!
Well Hello again,
If you are a church leader than this is a more serious offense because people connect, right or wrong, their participation in your organization with their relationship to God. The two things are intermingled. When you jump from the next big thing to the next big thing and none of them to ever deliver, then your followers don’t just become frustrated with your church, but their understanding of God is challenged as well.
If you’re about my age, it’s possible you watched a CBS Television production of Rodgers and Hammerstein’s “Cinderella.” It was first broadcast in 1957; it was remade by CBS in 1965 and broadcast 8 times through 1974. I watched the 1965 version, perhaps in 1972 or 1974.
Resign. Just quit. You’re doing the craft of journalism no damn good whatever, and I say that with some sense of perspective, having devoted a quarter-century of my life to it.
it was almost love
I think it's important for people in general to have a form of ethics. The problem is that ethics collide and that sometimes leads to uncomfortable/unfortunate circumstances. But for musicians, I think it's important to try and understand why you do what you do and what you expect from it and don't screw anyone over at the end of the day. Personally I try and be a decent human to everyone I meet at shows. The world doesn't need another asshole musician. There are plenty out there.
- You may have only a little oil left: ask yourself, is it really the end?
According to Buddhist philosophy there is no permanent, unchanging spirit which can be considered ‘Self’, or ‘Soul’, or ‘Ego’, as opposed to matter. The consciousness should not be taken as ‘spirit’ in opposition to matter. It is a wrong notion that consciousness is a sort of Self or Soul that continues as a permanent substance through life.
The New Acropolis Museum was a really amazing museum. As someone who is studying archaeology I thought it gave a better understanding of how these remains and works of art were preserved so that people can view them. First of all, the museum was built on stilts with all galss floors so that you can see current excavations that archaeologists are doing underneath the museum. Second, they did a really amazing job of organizing things so you can see where they came from along with what time period they were from. Lastly, they do restorations on the original Cayatids that were removed from the porch in the museum while on display. They do a blanket around it to shield onlookers eyes from the lasers, but they have a live video of the restorations playing! What an amazing way to make patrons to museums see the work that goes into it.
When I say GRAY say have a nice day
It is with sincere humility and delight that I announce on behalf of our entire team that we have partnered with Bill, Victoria and their daughter Gwendolyn from The Gwendolyn Strong Foundation.
I slept well.
Problem number two: while waiting for that, I started working on the UK 7" version, which is not an edit of the album mix (though it initially sounds like it is), and then the unique Canadian version. However, both our copies of the Canadian version simply played the UK 7" mix. I figured that the "unique Canadian mix" was simply one of those mix-ups or misunderstandings that got perpetuated over the internet, and gave an update to the New Order Online forum that it was a myth.
They’re staying put, with many more on the way – to New York as well as every major city from sea to shining sea – and none of them are going anywhere else until people like you are taken from your citadels in handcuffs and made to pay for the ongoing rape of what was once quaintly called the American Dream…a dream that used to be something other than a dated metaphor, and can be something true and real and genuine once again, but only after we pave you under, and walk over you, on our way to a better, brighter future.
Here's one of the first eggs we got from our hens. I couldn't tell you the breeds we have, they are cross-bred most likely, but each hen lays eggs of a slightly different shape, color and shell texture. Some are pointy and glossy, other more rounded and velvety to the touch. Either way, all are a delight to collect, all have bright yellow yolks (we have plenty of free range space) and all taste way, way better than store-bought eggs, not to mention they are infinitely superior in terms of nutrition.
2. Thank the blogger who gave it to you.
Southern Tier Pumpking
19. I Put A Spell On You - Screamin' Jay Hawkins
The stage was set. I had the garden, the house. Now all I needed was the family I'd longed for. I waited, yearned, tried. There was pain, heartache, disappointment. The garden started to feel overwhelming. It started to show signs of neglect: the evergreen topiary collapsed from lack of pruning, the phlox started to take over, the hollyhocks were edging out the more delicate plants, the grapevine was strangling the lilies.
Ask before you touch! Please do not randomly approach someone from behind and start touching and ruffling through their hair. You don’t know how long it took for them to achieve that look only for you to come and ruin it in .6 seconds. That person will secretly have you on a watch list for the rest of your life, just a small precaution when you have ethnic hair. Thank you.
Unfortunately I'm still waiting for my two cookbooks to come in at the library. Searching the web meanwhile I've found some rather delicious looking recipes. Among them is a great website called Binnur's Turkish Cookbook that's filled with years worth of recipes. What a resource! Every once in a while I find myself scrolling through the website, staring at the delicious recipes. My mouth waters as I read about the food.
And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss,
Dear Nicholas, You stopped by my office earlier this morning and wrote a secret message on my computer when I was next door in my lab. What a glorious surprise! You make my heart happy.
The Class: There aren't any. No workshops, no classes, nada. If you admire a particular dancer who's going, you watch them dance socially or dance with them, you don't take lessons.
Last night I went to bed at 9:30. A friend gave me a book the other day and while it’s cheesy and I’m ashamed to admit it, I can’t put it down. I was still reading this ridiculous bodice-ripper at 1:30 am. R was shocked. Haven’t been up that late in what feels like centuries.
I wore this outfit for a Girls' Night Out because Laura and I were going to a bar to watch the Sharks game, and teal and black are the Sharks' colors. They won that night, and I'd like to think my awesome tights layering had something to do with it. If they don't make the playoffs this year, it isn't for lack of fan support.
Then she did it to me. I whipped out my iPhone to capture the glorious moment for the blog. I had to share this information. THIS IS HOW THEY DO IT. They step right in front of you, but they will not look at you. They'll look in the exact opposite direction of you, even if it means pivoting their head around 180 degrees so they're staring directly out over their backs. Line-cutting Frenchies are like those owls with really twisty necks.
associates and others in the recording industry. I found it
Sea Turtle Oil – See Turtle Oil.
Band of Brides opposes the specialization of society! Band of Brides supports people taking charge of their own fate, becoming their own king, their own priest! Band of Brides supports the act of making your own music instead of simply sitting still listening!
(from ”On the Question of Soviet Socialism” by Paresh Chattopadhyay, Science and Society, January 2011)
Bruno called him muscular, masculine and magnificent. Carrie Ann said it was one of the most memorable moments of the season and called it spectacular. Len told him he frightened the life out of him and then called it his best dance.
Save Love
Once the second plane flew into the south tower our innocence was stripped away. This was no accident . . no error. This was a exquisitely-planned assault. And when flight 77 crashed into the Pentagon, all bets were off around here, and everywhere. Anything was possible, and even likely to happen.
My son was pee-green when the box came, and didn't even lose interest when we slipped off the wrapping to reveal a headless dress dummy form and bits and slips of fabric.*
When we went to reception to get her certificate and badge we were told that Sarah was fully booked apart from at 4pm on Tuesdays. Not something we can do as she plays hockey, so we've got a different instructor and a different day. Tuesday won't be so hectic for now and she might not be as tired for her swimming lessons either. So roll on next Monday. I know most of the instructors, but I've never met the one we will have from now on.
After you cut your strips, you are basically just going to start tying knots on the ponytail band, all the way around. I thought it was easiest to tie the knots on while the ponytail band was actually around the doll's waist. Slide a strip through...
7. (new) Fate/Zero 2 (episodes 1-4) – I need to stop paying attention to the rankings on MAL. Don’t get me wrong; Fate/Zero is a good show. But it’s not that good. It’s well written (even if there’s too much chivalry goin’ on), has a good soundtrack and a diverse and interesting cast of characters. But good enough to rank #8? Fuck no. Although, all of the deaths in the third episode were great.
“Aye, my lady. Tis a royal procession.”
All right, just a brief moment to catch you all up on my situation–toiling away in obscurity washing hair, not permitted to put out a tip jar after being at this place for over a year and a half, while anyone else who walks through the door is allowed to sell anything they want.
We see some of the flaws with this approach in the current race. The very well financed Romney campaign appears to be threatened by the very, very well organized Ron Paul supporters who have taken advantage of every edge in the caucus rule book to obtain a winners’ share of the delegates in Iowa and elsewhere, so they might hiss up as a poisonous asp in the elysium of the GOP convention.
This you would cut from the high schooler’s reading and think they will still be swept up into the impassioned and seductive voice of Ishmael?
Traffic data collected as part of the engineering study conducted by Maryland-based Rummel, Klepper & Kahl showed the 85th percentile speeds at four points in the 35-mph zone of the bypass is between 46 and 50 mph.
The Wylie Agency operates internationally from offices in New York and London. In business for more than 30 years, it has built a reputation for consistently high standards. The writers and estates it represents include many of the greatest names in 20th and 21st century literature. Odyssey Editions is the first digitally native literary imprint launch of its kind.
Went back to the counter for 6 more packets of ketchup, because it's only 30 steps but at least 10 minutes of smiles.
Deuteronomy 20 contains rules for warfare. It is interesting that some men were allowed to stay home and not fight. For example, men who had just married were allowed to stay home with their new wives. Men who had just built a new house were allowed to stay home and dedicate it. Anyone who had planted a vineyard and not had opportunity to enjoy its fruit was allowed to stay home.
Hence, there are some incredibly long sequences with nothing but Klingon ships flying in a straight line, Kirk’s shuttle flying towards the Enterprise, and a mind numbing sequence during which the ship flies into V’Ger. All you see are dazzling blue lights and occasional glimpses of the actors’ faces, gazing in awe. They look like they might say something, but they never do. The shortest of these sequences is three and a half minutes. That is three and a half minutes of watching special effects that do nothing to move the story along.
Somehow, that small scene from this morning has stuck with me all day--that, amidst all the recent negative Muni coverage, there are still small beams of hope shining through all the mess.
“Germany?”
If you are not sure whether the WILLTYPEFORFOOD well-rounded diet is for you, why not try eating A SQUARE MEAL EVERY DAY? Start with Tim Tams - they're pretty rectangular, which is close enough to square. Then try Cadbury chocolate blocks, some cake (but only if it's square), etc, etc, etc...
“Believe” by Cher – There is absolutely no question this song had AutoTune. The key track in Cher’s career resurrection & the dawning of the “60 is the new 40″ era, this warbely gem of a track deserved all the rave it got. I think that the giddy feeling I got whenever I thought of the chorus made all those years without a hit song for her worth it.
I also don't think that staying outside is good for our skin. Exposing ourselves from the rays of the sun has never been good and it will harm our skin and it may cause different type of skin diseases including cancer (in worse to worst cases). But of course, the heat being offered by the sun is different from the infrared radiated heat offered by those saunas. Actually, i don't mind bearing the heat produced by these infrared sauna(s) than exposing or probably harming myself iunder the heat of the sun.
So anyway, this week...what a great week full of lessons and wonderful people and the Spirit! On Thursday night we had an amazing family night with Fernanda and Rogério (my absolute favorite family here!) and their friends Paulo César and Lúcia. It was great...we watched the Restoration movie and talked about Joseph Smith, Fernanda and Rogério bore powerful testimony about the gospel and then we finished the night eating Fernanda´s amazing galinhada (chicken and rice....sooooo good!) It was definitely a success and they´re excited to come to church with us next Sunday! I love it when the members work their magic...it reminds me of a quote that President Hinckley said, "missionaries knock doors, but it´s the members that open them!" And the members here in Rio Pardo are always always opening doors and hearts for us!
T enthusiastically phoned me from the supermarket telling me that he´d tasted horse meat and it was brilliant, so was it alright if he bought some? I really think we have to be able to eat all sorts of stuff in order to save the planet so I said ”yes, of course,” thinking horse couldn´t be that bad (meat is meat ismeatisnutrition).
And for Hi Sugarplum! readers,
SAMURAI SANTA
Carefully I lock the U
this scenario is what i love about camera phones:
Standing on the scale,
For as long as I can remember, I’ve lived in Astoria. I lived in the same neighborhood for almost 7 years now and now I think I know it better than the back of my hand. My memories all come from this little circle around my house because everything I need is here and probably will be here for a while. My school is only three blocks away, the deli where iI get food is one block away, and the park I love, Astoria Park, is only three blocks away. The house I live in, itself, isn’t great, but the neighborhood brings back so many memories.
My plans for the new year are not things out of this world. They are simply things that will bring my family and my friends comfort. I hope they will bring abundance that will enable me to share more comfortably with the less privileged and the less fortunate and hopefully contribute to the society. I am hoping my skills will be honed further so I might support the weak and the lost.
The French philosopher, Michel Foucault, came to mind. At this point, I will stop writing and add my short essay about Foucault’s theories. It ties in with my thoughts of the morning but I am unsure how – more reflection to come! Have we allowed our souls to be imprisoned by the mechanisms of society created through, in part, by the Industrial Revolution? What role does the church (no matter which one) have in creating a world where personal responsibility is challenging? . . .
The branches of His plantings,
SHARE THE LOVE
Mother looked at me as though as though I were speaking Greek, as though I were the alien. I hated her callous dismissal of a part of history that was up close and unspeakably inhuman.
Although I can write at the drop of a hat, I absolutely HATED all my English classes in school. On top of that, I can’t spell worth a lick. Thank God for Spell Check and an understanding wife who is a wiz at spelling!
Sack Boy
10. Dog Breath
I started by making a list of all of the things that Abe and Che had in common, which turned out to be a great deal. For starters they were both men, both bearded, and both instantly recognizable. But more importantly, both were legendary and highly controversial political figures who fought for the radical social restructuring of a nation, both remain heroes and symbols of the struggle for freedom from tyranny and oppression, both were intellectuals and authors, both were key figures in major military campaigns, and of course both were assassinated. Wow. There was a lot of material to work with. I also learned a few other things in doing my research, like the fact that there is a modest body of scholarship that suggests Lincoln was gay. Interesting. All very interesting. Here is the 2nd page of 4, by the way:
Unexpected Session
We are generouslly sponsored by Wags n Whiskers and had some of their newly released images to play with! I chose this cute princess. I pulled out this paper by Little Yellow Bicycle because it's lovely and shiny and SPARKLY (and i like that it's a different shape than normal)!!
Rise after three days: Matt. And Luke use “on the third day”, presumably because non-Jewish readers would not know the common Jewish usage of “after three days” for “day after tomorrow”.(Josephus Ant. 7.280, 281;8.214,218).(France)
2. Who would you kill to (un)dress?
Since I'm currently in a situation where I'm out only to my wife, my normal dress is more or less androgynous - women's Levi's, a T-shirt of some sort, girl sneakers, girl undergarments. I work at home, so sometimes I'll switch to a more feminine blouse, but because my kids often drop by without much, if any, warning, that's the extent of my getting dolled up lately. But I was sort of ok with that. I'm on my hormones, feeling basically femme most of the time, though sort of in a princess-locked-in-a-tower sort of way. It isn't ideal, but I felt like it was ok enough.
I applied a layer of Essence I Love Rock! Gloss Eye Pencil, which is the skinnier version of NYX Jumbo Pencil in Black Bean. When I went to apply Revolutionary Ball over the lid, the creamy base didn't just amp up the vibrancy of the shadow, it gripped the shadow like glue! Seriously, it could've passed for six layers of Pixie Epoxy underneath that shadow. I've never had anything happen like that, with any of the hundreds of eyeshadows that I've tried.
pulled back
Lemmy Kilmister was portrayed as a man who has truly
Zenni Optical is a new online eyeglass store that offers cheap eyeglasses that are high quality and fashionable. How do they do this? They have no middlemen, no retail overhead, and practically no advertising budget - they depend on word of mouth to spread the news. They also do not sell expensive, brand name eyewear but instead sell their own manufactured brand called ZENNI.
"I'm a tree in a story about an arborist." An arborist cares for individual trees. Hence, Adam's take on a person's intimate relationship with God.
dreaming if nothing else,
“That’s a fine line, Moody. As far as the board’s concerned, you can’t practice and anything you say to anyone else isn’t protected.”
As a working single parent, my days were already pretty full. I'm sure I don't need to convince you of this, cos you'll already know from your own experience. There simply aren't that many hours hanging around in my week doing nothing.
The winner of the WHIMSIE DOODLES sponsor prize is...
Twenty-one guns
Landgraf spent 30-plus minutes on the phone with reporters....Landgraf - who sounded as sad and defeated as many of the reporters on the call (yours truly included) - wanted to give the press, and by proxy, the show's small but passionate fanbase, a glimpse at how the sausage gets made
I'm encouraged - I think we caught his new EPM infection very early and I'm hoping the treatment will take care of it in short order. He had his fifth Oroquin-10 paste dose tonight, and there'll be five more after that - he's very good about his paste but I expect he'll be glad when that's over!
And even though she flies
When I found out I was pregnant, I was stunned and devastated. Choosing to have a baby meant making the one commitment I have never been able to make: the always and forever no matter what commitment.
"I'm a little too tall to be confused with Snooki, don't you think?"
That’s my prayer today.
From small organic food markets to popular flea markets, bargains to luxe, the markets and material covered in this book make it a definite keeper.
She leans forward and sucks my cock
minimum of 36 days, 6
I choose to understand the difference between a setback and a defeat! Amen!
Oh, and when I went to hang it up last night around 10pm (you know, mere moments after I blistered my thumb knuckle with the metal barrel of my glue gun), I found this not-so-welcome friend greeting me by the front door. I promptly slammed the door and kindly requested that Jason come all the way upstairs from playing a PS3 game to get it for me.
on the side, fresh chilled melons.
My original two works from my new series "My Kind Of Town" were accepted to to be exhibited in the Lake County Residents show "Recent Works 2010". -- As there were a record breaking 296 works submitted for entry, and only 61 of those selected for the exhibit, I am feeling especially excited about the show.
A good one tastes like velvet feels.
I attended my first grief support group session last night. I think it’s going to be a good thing.
My favorite in the set, as far as for eye appeal, would have to be Ryans regular card #500. I think that the purple with pink is a good color combination and his facsimile autograph doesn't dominate the card like most the others do. He's in a simple but confident pose before an uncluttered background.
fear
COLLECTION
Obviously a personal matter of a very sensitive nature …
See the Father’s day
Make a counter allegation
Before I left, I asked the Brain if he would like me to plan and shop for some dinners for while I was gone, or if I should just stock up on the makings for his all time favorite meal - peanut butter and grape jelly with ruffles chips. (Yes, it really is)
scrap tulle
We like to rebel against laws when they limit our freedom. But God’s law blesses me because it protects me and simplifies my decision-making. How do I view God’s rules? I view them as moral guideposts. Using them will help my life to have fewer twists and dead ends.
9. Prefab Sprout "The King of Rock'n'Roll" 4:21
But we accept your invitation, and we bring you Beltane’s flower.
I thought 6 would not be nearly enough for my ravenous hoards so I doubled the recipe.
- In Alabama, it is illegal for a driver to be blindfolded while driving a vehicle.
Pingu
The Cricket Victoria room is a lovely spot from which to watch the cricket and the company includes many faces familiar to sports fans and cricket tragic alike. The beer is served with a smile from friendly staff and the meals and snacks are several standards above the over-priced fare on offer to the huddled masses. You can choose to sit inside and watch through the full length windows or make your way outside to the reserved-seating-very-nice-viewing area and contemplate just how lucky you are to be there.
Place sugar in a clean saucepan with 1 cup water; stir to combine. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until sugar has dissolved, about 3 minutes. Add the citrus strips to the boiling syrup; reduce heat, and simmer until strips are translucent, about 12 minutes. Remove from heat; let strips cool in syrup, at least 1 hour. Remove from syrup when ready to use.
The Yorkshire batter also works perfectly on its own with a roast, either cooked as my Aunt always did I a large roasting pan with drippings from a tin under the sink, or as I do now in muffins tins (saves an undignified scramble at the table for a corner piece).
I played a small Red Sands, Blue Sky combat between some unnamed and forgotten gladiators in the fringes of the empire. It´s been a while since I played this excellent game and wanted to brush up on the rules before diving into a full campaign.
Markowitz indicated the city should continue to help defray the cost of running the DBP.
Emotions and tensions were building. Why? I'm not sure. A multitude of things probably.
There's a scene from an Austin Powers movie that we used to use all the time when I worked at the Jungle Cruise in the Magic Kingdom. We would cruise up to the dock in our boats and do this scene with the skippers who were there to help unload the boats.
Have them sit and work through things there.
I am getting crazy with designing my own mugs ;)! This time I hand-painted the picture with water colour, colouring pencils and markers before the picture was printed on the mug. I think this mug looks sort of better than my previous ones (which you can see here and here) because hand-painting allows me more freedom on the design.
A department spokeswoman said detention services contractor SERCO supplied a range of personal items for clients to buy using the points system, which applied in canteens in all Australian immigration detention facilities.
Todd Litfin
Last week should have been a step back week, but since I've been eliminating my Friday runs, it was just a natural build up which is fine. I think I'm going to start adding the extra run in in another few weeks or so but we'll see how I'm feeling. So far, I've felt better than I've ever felt during a training cycle and I really think it's the strength training. My runs feel easy, I never feel sore the next day and I've felt really strong on all of my runs.
Spent early years of her childhood in London.
"Yah! It'll be like … er … some kind of metaphor or something."
9:00 PM Joe Fresh Style
Act : Corellia – World Pvp – Republic Level 47-50 – Empire Level 47-50
One week later and I urged her to redeem the voucher. We got a call from the MacDonagh Junction branch just as we were perusing the tarantulas and goldfish at the new pet store. Redemption was imminent.
Infinity Resort In Corbett- Expecting luxury in the lap of nature at kumoan region at Jim Corbett National Park the name that comes is Infinity Resort.
I have run into on several occasions.
October 4, 2011
Psalm 99:9
So Medical May begins, and hopefully a healthier and slimmer me will result!
The downside is that, with all those meals and muffins and sitting around, I get ever fatter.
Parents registering for Transitional Kindergarten are sure to have questions regarding the program. Here is a helpful Q and A series.
On my continuing and painful search for the perfect madeleine recipe...yeah, you know.
Magic Molly: The Clever Little Kitten by Holly Webb (Ages 5+)
I will be back in a day or two with pics, stories and my feelings on the Brown Shirt Brigade (aka: TSA (Terminally Soulless ASSHOLES)
And to post tons of his pictures.
This year, the Caine prize's 13th, saw 122 entries submitted from 14 countries. Evaristo said this included "a lot of uninspired prose that feels so dated, so Middle England circa 1950s, even though it might have been written in Central Africa in 2012", and called, in a blog, for "more experimentation and daring, stunning image-makers and linguistic explorers who might, for example, infuse English with an African language or syntax. Not necessarily pidgin, but perhaps something else, something new – the English language (and forms) adapted, mutated, re-invented to suit African perspectives and cultures."
Such nativity is not uncommon when it comes to the adoring reporting of Nelson Madela, and neither is the great leader himself rarely shy of playing up his image of fatherly elder statesman and multi-purpose paragon. However, in truth, the ANC's conscious decision to reject a policy of non-violence, such as that chosen by Gandhi, in their struggle against the white government, had left them, and by extension, their leader, with at least as much blood on their hands as their one time oppressors, and this fact alone prevented them from enacting the revenge which might otherwise have been the case.
............I have been cleaning up my desk and stumbled across some bits and pieces from Craft Queen goodies.
Berries off the vine
Please, please, please love my book! I have written the manuscript in purple crayon on pink paper and have sprinkled glitter over it so you can see it is written for the teen girls. Also I am sending a singing telegram who will be delivering my synopsis.
4. Backsliding spiritually is a genuine danger. Either we are progressing in our spirituality or we are regressing, there is no simply “treading” water, either we are going forward or we are going backwards.
I adjusted my chair in ‘position’.
Why are we letting the bully, win, conservatives?
“That is correct, Tommy.”
08 New Order - Mesh
Service: Social Justice Issues & Creation Care
I wish I could post 38 gifs of me waving at you, my sexy readers, and giving you imaginary hugs, but a.) that would be creepy, b.) some of you might judge me for the insanely classy Barbie hoodie I’m wearing right now, and c.) since I’m such a little deviant, I have to keep my identity a secret. Like Batman! (Just kidding, he sucked at it…P.S., everybody knows, Bruce Wayne.)
Bind us together, Lord, Bind us together
Say what?
“Watershed,” April 24, 2012, at http://the2012scenario.com/2012/04/watershed/ . In this article, I had the first experience of what AAM revealed was the transition, a major one, which then disappeared, as many experiences do. Getting it, losing it, getting it, losing it is routine with peak experiences.
Level 7: STR: +21, Increases your attack speed.
Albert Renger-Patzsch (1 gelatin silver print and 1 book, 1928, 1930)
Man: “That’s enough…”
Aubre
Now that the bill has been passed by the House, it will begin a journey through the Senate – starting with a hearing that hopefully leads to it being taken up for Senate debate. Liberty activists should be ready to encourage the Senate to make this a high priority, as it may be hard finding a sponsor with the passion to get the job done.
Have you ever walked into the lobby of a hotel and received a “feeling” of positive building energy? A place where the entire staff always greets you as you walk by. Interaction between guest and staff seems genuine, sincere and consistent. A sense of teamwork is noticed and felt.
The London Symphony Chorus was on predictably fine form too. Its choral weight and attack registering unfailingly from the opening Huntsman’s Chorus onwards. Both the chorus and Davis were keenly aware of the echoes of Haydn’s Die Jahreszeiten – they recorded it relatively recently – a little later on during the first act. Would that one could hear more choral singing of such distinction in the opera house! Simon O’Neill performed a decent, professional task. He can sing the notes – and did. He can sing the words too, but there remains, as I have generally found with this artist, a lurking suspicion that he is not always entirely clear what the words mean. Moreover, the pinched quality of his voice is, despite its heft, becoming increasingly pronounced. It is perhaps easier to take here than in a work on the scale of Die Meistersinger, but one could hardly call it ingratiating. Christine Brewer again certainly has the required vocal heft for the work. Her wobble became unduly pronounced in her second act aria, but sincerity of spirit won through here, and in a lovely third-act cavatina. To start with, I found Sally Matthews’s timbre a little pallid, but was soon won over. There was certainly much to esteem in her clarity of line (not least vis-à-vis certain of her colleagues), and she handled the coloratura not only with ease but with a sure understanding of its dramatic purpose. A distinguished performance indeed! Lars Woldt was a late replacement for Falk Struckmann as Kaspar. He shone in the role, not least on account of his natural ease with his native tongue. I can imagine some might have found his vibrato a little heavy – I did not – but there was, vibrato aside, something impressively resounding to his tonal quality and delivery. The appearance of Stephan Loges as Ottokar – it is pretty much impossible to judge his electronic appearance as Zamiel – made one wish, from its elegance of delivery, that the character had more to sing. Gidon Saks wobbled a bit as the Hermit, but I am not sure that matters too much with respect to that particular role. I should also definitely mention a winning, stylish Killian from Marcus Farnsworth; again, it was difficult not to wish that the role might be expanded. Martin Snell and Lucy Hall rounded off with aplomb a cast of many virtues.
- The Titans album release flew totally under our radar, but it’s really quite impressive and deserves an audience. Full review coming.
After 8 months of living abroad, exploring 6 countries, almost 8,000 pictures, over 8,200 blog hits, countless amazing memories and experiences, and learning so many things about myself along this journey, I am now focusing on settling into my Canadian life and figuring out what I want my future to look like.
Several Pew Foundation polls have supported this statement over the last four years, and in fact may suggest higher percentages than used by CNN. (6)
The ruling BN only took 140 seats, losing its customary two-thirds majority in Parliament in Election 2008 as well as four state governments and Kelantan, which has remained in PAS hands for 20 over years. A coalition needs 112 MPs to gain a simple majority and 148 to win two-thirds.
Til then: I have my calendar marked for next year's Songkran (April 13-15, 2013) and I'm definitely celebrating it at Wat Thai!!!
I want to reward you
You know, I could say this is something that’s all new. The Nadya that I knew, it never, it never came up to have such a huge family. It was just an urge to have a child because she was not able to.
In order to be more accountable I will tweet when I exercise.
Like PayPal. I needed to remember my PayPal password and the email address I used to sign up for PayPal. It's a small thing but just annoying enough to avoid doing it. This bit of unfinished business was a pocket of plugged energy preventing me from selling on Ebay or Etsy and filling those pockets with coinage.
UPDATE: For those of you who requested more information on the painting process, here you are!
In short, people who live in glass houses should not be surprised to get cut once in a while. To expect anything less is to deny reality.
We hope no other country would suffer in the same way Greece did , in peacetime.
Did she leave with a broken heart, grieving ?
2. For a second entry post on your blog about this contest and include a link to my blog and post the link in the comment section.
4) This kind of freedom will untie the hearts of people together, working for a better nation.
54. A story has no beginning or end; arbitrarily one chooses that moment of experience from which to look back or from which to look ahead. —Graham Greene, The End of the Affair (1951)
Here are some quick snaps of what we ordered:
Clutches really force you to only carry the necessities and it's so much easier to carry one. At least for my shoulders. I love clutches in bright colors and bold patterns. I love pairing them with a white top, dark skinnies, and heels.
I’m not going to list them all, but there are also the rare mounts. I don’t believe any of these are worth actively farming. With one exception. If you are exalted with The Oracles you may as well farm the Green Proto-Drake which comes from the egg. I say this because even if you never get it, you should get the pets and you can sell duplicate pets to pay for other mounts. Its never going to be a waste of time.
What must the saint do, to obtain favor from God? What must this saint do to rid himself of the distractions? What does this saint long for but God’s desire in his life? He desires a path to be made clear for him and desires to obey God’s will.
It would be great to watch a different focus on world class breweries. If they need someone to take a camera around Europe I’m free!
I'll never get published.
But I owe my love of a good and solid female protagonist, always and forever, to Marion Zimmer Bradley, whose classic The Mists of Avalon, I discovered while I was in graduate school. I have always loved the Arthurian legends, but this re imagining of Morgaine, not as the vixen villain, but as the lonely and misunderstood heroine, made me yearn for still more novels that allowed women to leave their pedestals, leave their second-class status, and take a more active role in the world, in history, in magic, and in life.
When we make lamps we like to use as many old/antique elements as possible. This ginger jar had a rather large opening at the top, so an antique brass ceiling medallion was used as the cap for the lamp- the swirl designs in the cap mimics the background design on the ginger jar.
There were a great many violets growing in the shelter of hedge banks too and I've seen more round here this Spring than I've ever seen before. It is among the earliest of the wildflowers, not obvious unless you are looking for it and gone before full summer comes in.
However, it has gone even farther than that now. We have made this a normal part of our world. Here are a few picture examples of products made and about women….but refereed to as girl:
Thereat they fought on, recking of nought; but the end of it was that Gunnlaug overcame Raven, and there Raven lost his life.
Number seven is NENETTE ET BONI (France, 1996), also part of the Denis series. It screened at the PFA on the same night, prior to BEAU TRAVAIL March 25th, at 7pm. Sound and corporeal puns–cheap coffee percolating, kneading pizza dough–make for some startling, sexual and poetic transitions between scenes. Vincent Gallo shows up in this one too, briefly speaking English amid French, and providing comic relief. Tindersticks provides a typical Claire Denis soundtrack. I can't imagine her films without their music. "Tiny Tears" will always remind me of this film.
Mark: Ok, that's better. Queen I can listen to in heaven. pause I'm pretty sure Freddy Mercury isn't there, though.
Word is that Oscar-winning actress Rachel Weisz has been tapped to play a villainess in the flick opposite Daniel Craig.
Not only does it promote strong, healthy sex lives, it challenges people to live full, complete, and adventurous lives.
There will be a MANDATORY meeting for any 8th through 11th grade student who would like to try out for the 2012-2013 VHS cheerleading squads. The meeting will be Wednesday, April 11 at 6:30 PM in the VHS commons. A parent is REQUIRED to attend the meeting with the student.
Shortly after, I did something I hadn’t done for a long time – bought dinner at a nearby McDonald’s.
demobilization, and reintegration
Allison: “Don’t tell me you’re still on MySpace.”
Thank you all for ROLLIN’ every Morning!
Abduction means to move an extremity away from the midline of the body. (example : move one arm or leg away from the trunk of the body.)
When asked why he chose to call his detective “Hieronymus Bosch,” Connelly said, I wanted all aspects of his character to be meaningful, if possible. This, of course, would include his name. I briefly studied the work of the real Hieronymus Bosch while in college. He was a 15th century painter who created richly detailed landscapes of debauchery and violence and human defilement. There is a ‘world gone mad’ feel to many of his works, including one called Hell — of which a print hangs on the wall over the computer where I write. I thought this would be the perfect name for my character because I saw the metaphoric possibilities of juxtaposing contemporary Los Angeles with some of the Bosch paintings. Janet Maslin writes, “Like James Ellroy and John Fante, both of whose work is referred to here, Mr. Connelly continues to make his doomy, secretive Los Angeles a living, breathing character in his stories.” If the world of the novel is filled with violence and brutality, it is redeemed by some of the characters who refuse to beaten by it.
all the way going back, i've been thinking,
i am super proud of all of them.
3 large free range eggs
I used the Font from Cricut Craftroom Basic and cut at a height of 2.639. I then cut 2 of the cute toppers from Cupcake Wrappers. I absolutely love the star topper and think it will be awesome on a cupcake. I cut it at 3.472 x 3.125. Then I saw the flowers and thought how cute would those be with a sucker in the center. The picture really doesn't show them very well I cut the flowers at 4.903 x 2.542 and the size is perfect DumDum suckers.
Is the greatest contribution to the welfare of our land, some jerk who breaks his promises and cons his fellow man?
“No man is so foolish but he may sometimes give another good counsel, and no man so wise that he may not easily err if he takes no other counsel than his own. He that is taught only by himself has a fool for a master.”
I'm thinking my mantelpiece looks so nice with a vase of flowers on it, I'm going to have to keep putting flowers up once these ones have dropped their petals.
But the Kudlow picture is nonetheless a key part of conservative imagery; the idea of vast rooms full of government employees doing nothing productive is central to their vision of painless spending cuts. The fact that it’s not remotely true is irrelevant; they want it to be true, and that’s enough.
64. Driving. Practice safe driving habits. Becoming a defensive driver reduces your chances of getting in an accident.
But maybe I’m drawn to Edward’s protectiveness because that’s what I was designed to long for. This protective trait points to the ultimate Protector: Jesus.
That is the extent of my knowledge on stained glass art –paltry, humble and easily awed by great, long lasting pieces of art. I just want to share glimpses of this art I saw in various cathedrals and other buildings during my European trip in Freiburg (Germany), Strasbourg (France), Prague (Czech Republic), Copenhagen (Denmark) and Malmo (Sweden). The pieces originate from medieval, renaissance, art nouveau and contemporary eras.
Risky Picks:
It's the elephant in the room that the MSM refuses to acknowledge.
Overall, I really liked this book and I expect that my younger sister (who is just learning to sew) will attempt to permanently "borrow" it from me next time she visits! If you've just got your first sewing machine or want to branch out a bit from just sewing straight lines all the time, this may be the book for you.
How about you? Have you every thought about journaling? You don't need any fancy supplies or an organized system. Even a 25 cent notebook can carry a testimony of God's work in your life as you seek Him.
Background information on the problems with the global financial system
Another year is over. I think it was a good year after all for us here. I was not very busy on myonlyphoto blog; however, I continue to photograph everything and anything. I am now carrying two cameras on my shoulder, the Canon 7D and Canon 20D, which I fixed not too long ago. I am still hovering around my town, with Matthew on my side, as I cannot go far from home. I think it would be a little too much for a three year old.
Now on to my project for today.
City Park On Italy Street
Round 3: Ch 3. *2 dc in next dc, dc in next dc, repeat from * around. Join to top ch of ch 3. (30 dc)
My score in predicting song choice: 0 for 8.
Intelligence, Robert Frost said, is a feat of association. My mind, being at the mercy of its associations, rejects the idea that there is anything inherently "French" about being the sort of mother this quote describes, but rather these are qualities of a Godly mother.
I really like this card with Yogi and his coaches. For me this card has three classic pieces:
For me until the class based system of exploitation is abolished for good this will continue to haunt us. With the use of language in a broad sense of a national interest the ruling class and their capitalist politicians who do their bidding like to try and distort class lines and try and catch all in affect claiming we are “all in this together” is another well known one from this present time. It’s to distort the true reason behind the capitalist crisis and also lay the blame at ordinary peoples doors, even though they played no part in such things. Its to pass the burden like is happening right now that we all must pay for this mess we are in and we all spent too much which frankly is just not true at all.
When you get your first offer, you’ll want to ask some questions such as how long the loan is for and most importantly, what is the interest rate. Rarely will a car dealership give you the best price at the first offering, because they want to make money as well. So be sure to spell out your terms and what you are looking for. This process can take quite a while, so be sure you have the time available (it took me almost an hour when I last bought my car, but I went from 7 years and a high interest rate to 5 years and 0% interest).
1 creatures
You can listen, too:
It wasn’t the voice
The creaking and pinging of the warming pot is the only sound in the kitchen as April and Ella are lost in their thoughts.
Our record this summer was 13 and 2. Not bad for the Peachtree Titans. My dad was our coach. At the beginning of every season, Dad liked to give his speech, “Boys, I love God, Family, Country and Winning. And in that order.” Sometimes winning moved up in the lineup—especially when we played the Southside Comets.
Well I hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas! We have been busy here as well. First it was our anniversary, 17 years! Then it was this young ladies 16th birthday! And yes she is sweet!!
Pt: Yes a couple of times.
You'll need the same supplies as I listed yesterday--cutting mat, carving block, lino-cutting tools and sharpie.
Next to incredible hulk cabinet, is my junk store (sense a pattern here?) cart, which I left in its original chippy yellow paint condition.
The spicy lemon pickle (they call it “Yemeni Lemony Pickle” which is such a cool name) is just the right mix of sweet, spicy and sour and is a fabulous alternate dip for the Halloumi with the creamy tartare sauce. You could always just serve this with a wedge of lemon instead if you’re not up for making the pickle as well. I made it because I had a large fruit bowl full of lemons and was making some preserved lemons as well. I will post the recipe for the preserved lemons when they are ready.
My bulges are starting to bulge!
As I understand it, 360s allow individuals to appreciate their impact on others, how they influence and work in a team, and provide a substrate to enhance reflection, and from there, personal development.
Cooked meat- when a meal calls for precooked meat, I cook and consume that meal in the first 2-3 days. In the past I have bought pre made/assembled meals (with cooked meat) at Sprouts that have a sell by date up to 4 days out.
The Dingman Center’s signature event, the UMD Entrepreneurship Invitational is tomorrow! The event feature’s Cupid’s Cup, a business competition where 5 student or recent alumni entrepreneurs pitch their businesses in front of a live audience for a chance to win $25,000 from Under Armour Founder & CEO, Kevin Plank.
“All U.S. spent nuclear fuel is stored safely and securely, regardless of reactor type,” NRC spokesman Burnell replied in an email. “Every spent fuel pool is an inherently robust combination of reinforced concrete and steel, capable of safely withstanding the same type and variety of severe events that reactors are designed for.”
We all know the scandals that have ensued in the long history of the members of the Church. That does not mean that the ecclesia is itself corrupt; it merely means that its members are human and fallible and always will be. Sometimes brave souls have paid with their lives for that.
But that's a different blog post. This blog post is where I've been for the last two weeks. I've been writing 'Some Kind of Angel', the sequel to 'Heaven Can Wait', and I've finished the first draft. In the name of odious self-congratulation, that's a 65,500-word novel in a few hours over 13 days.
I didn't mean for it to be a couple of weeks between posts, but other mommy chores just kept getting in the way!
Herald Correspondent
Below, my responses, organized and slightly cleaned up grammatically but otherwise not adulterated:
Air Canada has a business frequent flyer program. It’s free to sign up and there are some nice benefits right from the start. Keep in mind you will still receive miles to your personal frequent flyer program while using these benefits.
We'd had a switch around at work, and though quite a few of the original crew had departed to go travelling or just on to pastures new, I was still rather sad at leaving our little corner of the office.
Thanks to Arnold Schwarzenegger, the Austria origin actor, the state of California is now in quasi bankruptcy while the richest of its citizens are more and more rich and the others are very poor, even homeless. This is a good example of what might become Europe if the ongoing right-wing policy is to be continued.
Did you know that Geckos don’t have vision coverage? Our Geckos are terrible hunters. On top of that, I personally feel that Yoshi could use glasses. She’s got terrible aim when it comes to crickets. I have seen her bonk the glass, the sand and the rear end of Treeko. It doesn’t help that the crickets hide in the lovely little tree we decorated the tank with. Yoshi walked right by the cricket tree and I swear you could hear the crickets giggle. We have since removed the tree…
His new appeal for bail is based on those evidences which he describes as being “extremely weak”. Mr. Okah said none of the exhibits had been substantiated to be linking him to the crime, and concluded that based on those claims, “It was unlikely that the state will be successful in a criminal prosecution against me.”
Bubba: Yeah. Totally.
While I personally regard The New York Times as the world’s greatest newspaper, there are others who substitute nicknames different than the traditional “Grey Lady” or “The Paper of Record.” They may call it “Home of the Eastern Elite” or simply “Those Jewish Guys.” These are politically driven criticisms that I won’t dignify with a response, other than to say that those people are rednecks.
But red sullen faces sneer and snarl
Any vehicle found to be blocking roadways or impeding the ability to plow streets shall be subject to towing at the owner's expense.
Some of our family traditions that make this weekend spectacular are:
Sheenagh Pugh elaborates on her blog, unpicking the fake reasons of economics with which we are insulted on such occasions by festivals charging huge ticket prices to the public.
The record number of rockets to launch includes more than 50 8-foot vehicles attempting to send a one-pound payload over one mile high. A dozen second-generation projects will launch rockets designed to break the sound barrier and reach heights up to 12,000 feet.
Ø Should Have: Past tense that draws attention to things that didn’t actually happen implies guilt
It definitely was out of place as there were only trees around. I joked about how extraterrestrials must have dropped it off there in the middle of nowhere amongst all the trees.
1: SHIRLEY & LEE - The Joker
God speaks through other people, maybe God speaks through you. Maybe God speaks through Beezus. Maybe God was speaking through the people who have told me that I am a horrible person. Or the ones that insinuate that grief is something different than love.
So here it is, everybody. The antithesis to what all my interviewees have been saying. Is social media a great way to spread news and discuss opinions? Or is it doomed to turn into a podunk town board meeting with personal snipes and off-topic tirades?
So yeah. Until someone cites some real numbers with their argument, I am no longer going to believe this anti-socialized medicine argument as being necessarily valid.
AAM: Yes, this is exactly what Saul has been referring to. Now, the star-seeds have come from what you think of as higher dimensions. But understand, in being born, they also have been entrapped in the reality of this planet. So, while they may have, and they have had, a very much easier time for liftoff, as it were, the experience of being trapped has also been more difficult. So, that has been both a joyous and a difficult experience.
“So ARE we doing dinner?” Now he sounded confused!
veiled reference to the death of her mother Hannah, to whom
To be fair, scientists as a class would have needed superhuman virtue to overcome the temptations of wealth, status, and influence proffered them in the post-Second World War environment, and it’s also arguably true that the average morality of scientists well exceeds that of businesspeople or politicians. That still leaves room for a good deal of duplicity, and it’s worth noting that this has not escaped the attention of the general public. It’s an item of common knowledge these days that the court testimony or the political endorsement of a qualified scientist, supporting any view you care to name, can be had for the cost of a research grant or two. I’m convinced that this is the hidden subtext in the spreading popular distrust of science that is such a significant feature in our public life: a great many Americans, in particular, have come to see scientific claims as simply one more rhetorical weapon brandished by competing factions in the social and political struggles of our day.
fun-ner. And very much loyal.
“Because, like I said before,” I reminded him, doing my damnedest to penetrate his thick skull to reach the tiny, twisted little portion of his brain where reason and logic are supposed to reside, “once I post your avatar there’s no going back. My Super Earthling blog might not have a lot of followers yet, but it’s catching on fast. Are you sure you’re going to feel the same way in a month or two when my 500,000 new followers are gawking at your Jesus in a jumpsuit avatar and wondering WTF?”
Jane Yolen
And in the very back of the back yard (turn right at the turtle....go past two bunnies and a wild turkey....and then turn down a winding path) .....you will find a little house.
I speak of “the traitor” but he is, in fact legion and has swiftly infected almost every corner of our once great societies. He comes in many forms, ranging from the true believer determined to destroy Western man for the sake of an ever evolving ideology, they are fanatics yet capable of changing their modus but not their aims following the collapse of the Soviet Union. At the other end of the scale are effectively, drones, brainwashed into doing what they have been taught to believe is right.
Being aware of several of the terminology for secret agent surveillance cameras will assist you to know which styles to order for resale. Information is electricity!
A guy turned up 30 mins ago kitted out with all the stuff you need for a BBQ. But it’s weird, he’s got 4 packets of sausages and some chicken but don’t really know who’s involved and welcome here! Looks like all the girls are leaving to go somewhere, who knows. I’m just sitting in me room on me laptop!
ALAN was great. I got to sit in on several of the sessions and a couple of the break-outs. Would love to be invited back. I think one of the highlights for me was being on a panel titled "It's a Guy Thing," moderated by Kenan Metzger. The other panelists included Martin Chatterton (a very hip British dude), Brent Crawford, Tom Angleberger, and Derrick Barnes. Tom was hilarious! Especially when he introduced the Shipless Pirates in his latest book. But Derrick was, to me, the highlight. He spook about a man's responsibility for his family and his community. And then on the plane back I got to read his latest novel, We Could Be Brothers, in which he writes about two boys, each from opposite ends of the social economic stratus, but they got each other's back, even through the toughest of situations. It's a must read.
Two of Adam’s favorite foods are French Dip sandwiches and crescent rolls. Needless to say, when I found this recipe for the two combined, I knew I had to make them. And was that ever a good idea! He polished off 5 of these little guys while exclaiming how good they were and that I was free to make them any time I wanted. And to be so simple, I think this recipe’s a winner!
The Bible tells me so."
It was super easy. It might have taken me thirty minutes to make. I used:
My new foundation is making sure I’m complete. I need to feel mentally, spiritually, emotionally, and physically sound. Everything else is going to build on top of that.
Nor saw the Police car coming through the night
Jennie Goldstein
Jim Diamond I should have known better UK
“The Set-Up”
When it comes to dessert, I am a chocolate lover. Chocolate on top of chocolate dipped in chocolate.
Next week, the unique 2011-12 Past & Present Basketball begins packing out with a refreshing, new-meets-old mix of players and printing technologies that should be warmly embraced by hoops collectors of all levels. And one of the coolest inclusions in the product is actually one of the hottest: The 20-card Fireworks insert.
It is rather unfortunate when one ascribes to another a position without carefully: ascertaining first the principles upon which the latter stands; and, examining the terms he employs – whether they actually correspond to the distinctive shades of reality which must not be confused. To do so would be presumptuous.
Date of entry / Type of Entry / Lot size / Currency Pair / Entry Price / Date of Settlement / Exit Price / Net Profit
her photos quietly, with little effort--it seems...transcend.
The snow’s stupefied anvils in rows,
Afterward, as the three of us walked through the outdoor parking lot in beautiful 70-degree weather, Warren said, "So this is just a typical Wednesday night for you. You two are so lucky." Yup, Vegas, baby. It's a fun place to live. And we are so lucky.
As a side note, Jenny is a slower reader while I am an avid reader.
The Titanic sank on April 15th after it hit the iceberg on April 14th, just as Lincoln succumbed on April 15th after being shot in Ford’s Theater on the 14th. Aside from mid-April bringing us our April 15th IRS deadline it seems wont to bring us some other big events. Just days ago the New York York Appellate Division ruled unanimously that the Atlantic Yards mega-project, part of the 30+ acres of Ratner’s proposed mega-monopoly,was never legitimately approved, given deceptions by the Ratner people and the State’s Empire State Development public authority (ESDC). (See: Thursday, April 12, 2012, Appellate Court smacks down ESD, upholds decision ordering new study of long-term Atlantic Yards impact, requires new approval of Phase II; Forest City reminds us: it doesn't affect arena.)
On the last page, a couple of options for earrings and a second necklace with similar elements used on a different way - pearls, glass donuts and faux suede....circles of pearls rolling freely on somebody's neck. lol
Year Set: 1951
Photographs: I chose two scenes that I recently took while visiting a museum – the one reminds me of a wheat field and the other of a seaside setting….and I love how the square frame bearly contains them as the lines fight to ‘bleed’ and be freed. Please enjoy this more focused architectural-turned-abstract post.
Ignite holy affections in the deep places of my heart
“You don’t have to say anything.”
really should start with a nap ;DD or some benadryl. hah!
Charlize Theron’s darker coloring and naturally dark-blonde hair make her an Autumn. The dyed hair (highlights) she has here are too cool for her tone. The dress is both too light and too cool for her skin, and the styling just generally gives off a look of hot mess.
Ok, enough comparisons to the book (for now, I’ve still got one more big one for later), let’s just talk about the movie on its own for a minute.
Whole movie here. Watch it or die screaming.
It’s his loss, not yours
Well, that's my pretty boring weekend. I have been a little out of sorts though, so I'm going to embrace life's small moments of boring-ness when I get it! I like nesting a bit, with some nice chunks of time built in for reading. What about you? What has your weekend entailed?
Doxology #572 Praise God From Whom All Blessings Flow
- Patience is a virtue. Or a mushy Guns N’ Roses song if you’re a child of the ’90s.
I started doing it last year for 2 or more classes then stopped
I'm really a fan of loose teas as of late. Whole loose teas. I'm becoming less of a fan of the pre bagged teas, in the paper tea bags...Why? I don't know... I just like the flavor and all the little tools necessary to make good loose tea... I enjoy the process of steeping, filtering, etc...Call me crazy... but in my mind... all food is love... if it's the best type of food available...
 Have a positive attitude toward things and others
I love the way I can throw witty banter at you and you sling it right back.
But before all that, next I'll have a review of a brand new graphic novel, one which is due to be published this very month, and was written and drawn by a very good friend of mine...
Their hits include:
knocked out circa "Purple Rain" or "Sign O'The Times". Unusually,
Ginger crushed: 2 tbsp
Who you're looking at.
1/2 jalapeno, seeded and diced
So thats what I have been up to. Sounds like alot when I type it out.....but really I feel like I have to much time on my hands. I need ......Need to start school, get the kids back in school....get back to a routine.
The idea of all students learning the same thing and being held to the same standards may be appealing to some; at this time for me it requires a greater deal of research, review, and a proven success record. At first glance on paper standards provide a reliable, basic understanding of what students are expected to learn, so teachers and parents know what they need to do to help them. However, school should not be viewed as factories that produce a product/thing; the purpose of schools is to create life-long learners who live and contribute positively to communities. I think the latter concept will require a lot more creatively and involvement from all of the interested parties, it may require more “hands on” work rather than issuing standards and testing students periodically if they are meeting the expectations.
See all the new Amy Tangerine, Studio Calico, Crate Paper, 7gypsies, Basic Grey and more.
press release
annual expenditures have actually increased from €1.095 trillion to €1.118 trillion in 2011. In fact spending has increased every single year for the past decade. The debt there increased too from €1.932 trillion €1.987 trillion last year, just as it did every year before. Real “austere”. The French spent more, and they borrowed more.
I work with students who are classified with other health impairments. These are students who perhaps come to me with severe emotional issues or health issues that have impaired their learning ability to such an extent that the general education environment is inappropriate. These are students with seizures who’ve regressed so poorly that a pull-out setting is required. These are students with severe audio, visual, and spatial sensitivities for whom structure is required and anything out of those norms could prove disastrous.
And then the next morning at 8:37 a.m. on 2/26/07, within a blink of an eye, there he was, wriggling and writhing, routing and nursing. He was my gift from God.
Mayfly Records were awesome enough to sign the band and release the LP. Preorders should be launching VERY soon, so keep an eye on their website and buy a copy or two when available.
Sean’s 7th birthday – Agent P (or in this case S) from Phineas & Ferb.
Like a detective I notice your five shoe size,
Drain well, in fact I put them back into the pan with the heat on for a minute,
What is atheism? There appear to be two kinds:
Two split hearts open,
“When I began writing these pages I believed their subject to be children, the ones we have and the ones we wish we had, the ways in which we depend on our children to depend on us, the ways in which we encourage them to remain children, the ways in which they remain more unknown to us than they do to their more casual acquaintances; the ways in which we remain equally opaque to them.”
Water: A: Drank at least 8 cups today
You are like me, you will die too, but not today:
Some cultured pearls, some agate, some sterling and Bali silver. I'm quite excited! The ideas are already brewing...gonna go over the rules again to see just what I can and can't do. lol!
Once you've stopped tracing the curl of the light ribbon in this installation with your eyes, you look up to see the rest. Nestled just over the back to the right is the Harbour Bridge. If you turn around just a little more to the right you would see a strip leading off toward the Opera House, with more interactive fun installations all along the way to it.
Morrow outlines three resources for the process of spiritual formation. Here is a summary of his discussion and the relevant scriptural passages he cites in support.
To enter, please fill out the following form.
Key Players: Wendell McKines (18.8 ppg, 10.8 rpg), Hernst Laroche (12 ppg), Hamidu Rahman (10 ppg, 5.9 rpg), Daniel Mullings, Bandja Sy (8.7 ppg)
When situations become tense, people say they feel the “heat.” We also refer to this heat as a “trial by fire.” When criminals feel that law officers are closing in they refer to them as the “heat.” Unfortunately, we do not pay close enough attention to the fact that physical terms lend themselves perfectly to psycho-spiritual phenomena. If we did, theological concepts could be easily unified with the physical sciences.
nine letters per name please.
When we moved at the end of June last year into a very small cabin-like home, I decided to store my big, very old and bulky PC and forgo internet service. It wasn't a big deal to me because I had access to the internet at work and I've "gone without" similar luxuries before (3 years without any kind of television service). After nine months without an internet connection at home, I finally caved. And not only did I finally have internet service at home, but I also bought a new laptop (which I love!!!) with the help of my techie BFF.
Private View: 4 May 2012, 7-9pm
Art is more dependent on innate skills which can’t be taught entirely (but is not totally independent of craftsmanship)
The Alaska Bookie Book Blog
I have to agree with the Plejarans and Acrturians on this: appalled and disgusted with the number of people who WANT something bad to happen today; “we’re waiting,” they say. Waiting for what? For people to die, families to be separated, masses to be homeless, infrastructure to break down, martial law to take place, just so you can get a thrill out of watching it on tv in remote safety of your apartment like you did with Haiti and Japan?
Height: 34" (above 95%)
2 Screamin' And Hollerin' The Blues
This picture is of my favorite flower, the Tiger Lily. Around these parts, it can be found almost anywhere there's dirt between July and mid-August. I guess that would kind of classify it as a weed, but because it is so colorful and hearty - and it won't grow in my yard, for some strange reason - to me it is has the same WOW factor as an Orchid or a Chrysanthemum.
The second reason – Wins over Everton , a Carling Cup victory and an FA cup Final. They have won the ‘blockbuster’ matches for the season. It’s just a simple case that they lose every other match they play in. Well not quite as bad as that but hey, they have been poor.
Now, I doubt you will ever guess all of them—let alone deconstruct why they work. So I’m going to go through the top three and tell you why they’re so potent. And I’ll include examples to help you put them to use.
I've been grilling dinner pretty much every night and walking the dog pretty much every morning and sneezing my head off and trying to just BREATHE whenever I get a chance, because from now until late May it's going to be one long thrill ride of band concerts and theater competitions and high school course selections and birthdays and standardized testing and summer camp registration. Whew! I kind of wish I hadn't written all that down.
Thank you for all you lovely wishes and get well messages.
Linda's Bakery
The witness said the men there had made her feel "scared" and "awful".
AS usual we had some terrific entries yet again and as always a very hard decision.
Then I started waiting for boys I liked to like me back. If there ever was a black hole...
Carrie: "No...this is a mistake."
... a JIHAD so that the nation will arrive
We've been seeing color blocking everywhere and on everything, even pants. I'm not completely convinced with the pants only because it messes with that long lean line we are always trying to achieve, although these ones from Zara are pretty cute (and if Jenna Lyons is wearing them, maybe so?).
Minutes later - it's 1 in the morning by now. Mel runs into the gas station and I pump the gas. *sniff* "Oh *&^%*, it is me." I say to myself.
Donna Fargo- Funny Face
I saw the damage in the front office, and it was pretty bad. There was sand everywhere and it smelled bad. A whole row of those foamy ceiling tiles had caved out, and the rest all showed signs of water damage. There was water running down the walls. Everything was soggy. They're going to have fun returning it to its former glory.
. . giants are also important as they protect the town! Goodness knows how, as they’re just made out of papier-mache but, at as they’re 4 metres high, that makes us feel safe especially as the town is inundated with ‘bikers’ . . and people canvassing for this election . . .
But I digress. My point, I suppose, is that, pace Clare Coffey (and thanks for the shout-out, Clare; it's a nice difference from the haters of yore), I'm hardly a paragon of, well, anything. But nonetheless (and this is probably what riled up said haters), I firmly believe that if you give up your whole prior life when you have children -- if, that is, your whole prior life contained anything that you found beautiful, nurturing, or salutary for your soul -- it's going to come back and bite you in the ass. I don't believe in what you might call "professional" motherhood, unless that's a life you've been trained for and have always wanted, which is undoubtedly the case for many mothers. And on a related note, I'm convinced, whatever lurking trolls and former friends might think, that the only way to maintain some sort of culturally-defined "success" -- the flip side, that is, of my troll-former-friend's concept of "unsuccess," the kind of "success" that the other arts-critic commenter seems to have imagined is the natural outcome of being a talented person in the arts -- is to have access to some kind of reliable child care, in which someone other than you, the artist-mother, cares for your children for certain periods of time during which you practice your art. And the cultural imagination notwithstanding (I have it from someone who knows that Angelina Jolie has six nannies, one for each child!), not a lot of artist-mothers have this access, so a lot of artist-mothers stop practicing their art. If you, dear reader, have any thoughts that suggest otherwise -- and generally the thoughts I give credence to are those that can be backed up, if not by quantifiable evidence, then by anecdotal experience; they are generally not, that is to say, wild guesses about what motherhood must be like, made by non-mothers -- then kindly let me know, in an un-troll-like fashion if you can manage it.
Yeah, I know, there is nothing at all wrong with the red one I got for Christmas, but this one is going to be PURPLE!!! I've wanted a purple DS ever since 2005.
Parish councillor Piet Walton-Knight had asked fellow members to object to the application, saying: “No-one else in the village can park extra caravans on the front of their houses for the holidays.” Speaking after the council passed the decision, he said: “I am just surprised and perplexed.
I'm happy to report I did post every single day. And I had so much stinking fun with it! I found that it pushed me beyond what I thought I could do and that I really had something to say every day.
Doyle watched him for a few seconds, then said, “You’re searching, which obviously means you’re concocting something. Talk to me. What is it?”
and move to Paris.
Welcome to the to the inaugural edition of the Fashion ‘Holice – the Soho’s very own take on celebrity style that attracts men. Which styles draw rave reviews from women and repel men (hint: peplums) and which cross gender lines? There were four key trends at this year’s Academy Awards that illustrate the difference between men and women, and within those trends, it’s a story of contrasts. We’ve got sleeves vs. shoulders and demure vs. vampy. Now let’s break it down.
It is that simple for me.
Friday night though, I set up the trainer, climbed aboard...and Mike freaked out. Apparently the trainer, even when on the area rug, vibrates the entire house - and probably our neighbor's house too. (We have a shared wall)
Often riding alone, I met a lot of people in my travels, including some who are good friends at least a decade later.
We drove to Manoa valley and visited the Lyon Arboretum. It was lightly raining but the forest treetops kept us mostly dry. We hiked for about 2 hours and got lost at one point. I should say we got off one of the main paths and created our own to cross over one area. We were waiting for a dinosaur to jump out, as it felt like Jurasic Park. There weren’t as many flowers as I hoped to see but still lush and beautiful with many types of plants, shrubs, and trees. I also saw a small taro garden. I bought a small spray tube of mosquito spray but it didn’t work at all. I had about 30 bites.
The superhero genre, then, is a character-determined genre like that of the detective-genre mentioned above. I note in passing that many fans think of "the detective" as a modern-day figure, going back in history no further than Sherlock Holmes but more often represented by Philip Marlowe and Miss Marple, a conception which parallels Scipio's conception of the regular-guy superhero. However, detective prose fiction of recent years has undergone a positive mania for transferring the concept of the detective to a wide variety of historical periods: ancient Rome, medieval Europe, etc. Thus for me, even a superhero in a different period-- whether an uncanny type like the original GHOST RIDER or marvelous types like the Ditko STARMAN-- still belongs to the superhero idiom no matter how many other genre-tropes may intrude. Thus I certainly don't think modern-day superheroes with SF or fantasy tropes, like Superman or Wonder Woman, are any less "true" superheroes than the Flash.
There is no bright yellow or orange or pink in this blanket. Instead I've chosen grey and camel and brown to contrast with the safer blues,pinks and greens. The brightest colour is a rich red which I think lifts the look.......
This recipe is making me miss Philly and it's St. Patrick's Day celebrations. Shout out to my favorite Irish things in Philadelphia- the Malloys, the Irish Pub and my girl Fisher! I wish I could share these with you over a Guinness.
We watched the fireworks from where we were seated!
As Halloween has come and gone I have had the opportunity to reflect on my personal growth over the past two years. Once upon a time, not very long ago, I absolutely hated Halloween. I hated the pressure of creating costumes, I hated the way it made me feel uncreative and not up to the task. I wasn't fond of the slimy pumpkin guts that I cleaned out of each child's pumpkin. However, these negative feelings originated from the fact that I hated the candy. And as much as I hated the artificial colors and dyes and the high fructose corn syrup, what I really hated was the added negativity the candy brought to our house. I hated being asked over and over and over for "just one more piece." I hated trying to set limits and then getting angry because I was being pestered or I gave in and let the kids eat more. I hated my own desire for the candy because I really wanted to eat the stuff, too. My feelings about candy lead me to resenting the teenagers who came to the door in thrown together costumes "just to get the candy."
Jay Rome has verbally committed to UGA! All that’s left is to fax in his letter of intent in a couple of weeks.
But even though I was taken back to a not very nice time it still felt, well, good. I don't want to be an old woman who constantly harks back to the past, but there is something almost exciting about rediscovering forgotten memories, and then being able to shut them away again. And they come back at the most surprising times, and in the strangest of places.
2-3 c. wheat flour
In the severe implementation: 1) those hiring illegal immigrants would be punishable by a fine of up to £100,000 and/or five years in prison; 2) Muslims would lose access to free healthcare and see welfare benefits cut in half, and Muslim areas would see garbage removal drop off to once a month, as electricity supply and mobile phone coverage were gradually cut back; 3) all Muslims not British citizens would be flatly denied entry/re-entry to the UK; 4) native militias would conduct mosque bombings, targeted killings, and arson attacks against Muslim targets throughout country, with police and intelligence services turning a blind eye, when not actively aiding and abetting; 5) anyone of Muslim heritage convicted of any crime at all would be deported, without the right of appeal, to their country of origin.
and that they had to be home-made and the judges decision was final. Right. well that wouldnt be too bad. I thought 'Hey, I'll do the old classic Victoria sandwich then!" and then I thought I'd do a bit of research on-line, you know, what they might be expecting and stuff. I heard all-sorts. "bicarb is frowned upon" "never use cream" "caster sugar is the preferred decoration" icing sugar is the preferred decoartion" "a doily should be used" "don't use a cake stand, it's showing off, they don't like that" ARRRGH! So then from what I suddenly thought would be a nice little thing to do totally stressed me out because I didn't want to end up a complete obvious failure when I pride myself on being an alright baker! I had visions of my cake sitting there, glaringly covered in the wrong type of sugar with a placard next to it saying "disappointing" LOL!
3) the girl on the balcony part of The Rule who didn’t realize we could all see up her skirt. Fortunately she was wearing nylons, but honestly, I wanted to say something. My g-o soulmate and mum did not think this was advisable.
**Mrs Cropley the church organist, village council member and Easter Bunny was played by the amazing actress, Liz Smith in the television series The Vicar of Dibley until the character’s on-screen demise.
A Republican friend of mine, Scott, posted the following quote from Presidential Candidate Romney:
It does feel as if we're in a big sausage machine sometimes, where people are sucked into a system that squeezes them into the right shape so that they can function in a modern, urban, post-industrial society, and if you're a square peg in a round hole, then you're diagnosed with a syndrome.
I got a brill surprise yesterday as Our Ben forgot he had said I couldn't get my grubby little mitts on Tim's new fantabulous boxes. Too late, he brought them in to show me them, (the new delivery had just arrived), and I had them unwrapped, before he could say Beejeezus. Ha ha, look at the expression on his face, too late....they are mine, all mine.
Umno had never thought that their dominance in Malaysian politics would one day be crushed by a strong Opposition. This is now becoming a reality. But this not-so-pleasant news cannot be the excuse for UMNO not to heed for electoral reforms before the next general election.
May internet site countless accessories developed modes, shop around as well as luggage used for sale a significant amount round wallet.
Tropical Fruits (Pineapple, Mango, Papaya, Kiwi)
I’m concerned because I now have no Provera or Clomid left to take. Before the Provera I hadn’t had a period in over a year and the Clomid has seemed to force an O each month that I’ve taken it so far so I’m thinking that my cycles will now stop again which will mean that we have no shot of conceiving before we get sent in for the IVF. This may come across as sounding whiny (and I know that some women have been TTC for years and years and that I have very little right to complain at this point) but I don’t want to have to wait that long!
2. ‘ Ever try playing hockey with all this crap going on? ‘
especially when special days arrive
As with everything else they’ve done since Election ‘08, the left has overreached again. Earlier overreaches have spawned the Tea Party and Democrats have mostly incurred the wrath of the voters ever since. Losing even a small portion of the black vote may be devastating but live by the race card, die by it.
05-30 Boston, MA – Paradise
Is this enough? Is this right? Is this how I should pray?
BTW, CW's jacket is vintage Levi's from the 70s, this one was owned by Mr. Dina's sister. Rex owns the one that Mr. Dina wore.
05-06 Sacramento, CA – Ace of Spades
“The spiritual master must never be carried away by an accumulation of wealth or a large number of followers. A bona fide spiritual master will never become like that. But sometimes, if a spiritual master is not properly authorized and only on his own initiative becomes a spiritual master, he may be carried away by an accumulation of wealth and large numbers of disciples. His is not a very high grade of devotional service. If a person is carried away by such achievements, then his devotional service becomes slackened. One should therefore strictly adhere to the principles of disciplic succession.”
Often these programs are buried within other programs making them difficult to find.
Mission work, even medical and educational missions, has the distinct possibility of becoming the new voice of colonization in the nations of the African continent. The seeming stability of churches and church workers teeters dangerously between empowerment and empire. Zink, and voices like his, raise this concern
And boy did it. The Indy cars screamed around the track. AJ went on to drink the milk for the fourth time. Janet didn't do so well.
Legend has it that shoes of soldiers in the American Army were repaired by the elders of an American tribe, called “Cobblers”. The tribe “Cobblers” was living in the Southern part of America during the early part of the 19th century. They killed animals for their livelihood. The hard skin, they removed from animals was used to produce clothes and slippers. A platoon of the American army during their routine in this tribal village had spotted old men mending clothes out of hard skin of animals. The legend further says that cobblers thereafter gradually practiced the 200 year old art of mending shoes and had done a tremendous service to people by repairing shoes, leather belts, bags and hats.
"A self-help organisation for people no longer in full time employment providing educational, creative and leisure opportunities in a friendly environment. It consists of local U3As all over the UK, which are charities in their own right and are run entirely by volunteers. Local U3As are learning cooperatives which draw upon the knowledge, experience and skills of their own members to organise and provide interest groups in accordance with the wishes of the membership."
It’s worth more then minimum wage.
Welfare state rumbles on.
Malaysians know the truth and no amount of spin can make a difference. And if social media can be so effectively used to mobilise Malaysians for a cause, the BN better pay attention. The 100,000 People Request Najib Tun Razak Resignation Facebook page, set up shortly after the Bersih Rally, has already garnered over 125,ooo “Likes” in less than 48 hours.
Good words from Kenny perhaps? No these come from none other than Fergie of all people. I’m agreeing with him, on CUP Final day! Perhaps I’m not getting real and viewing all this trough rose tinted, old fashion spectacles however to me there was always something specially about the FA Cup final it always had centre stage, ie no other games taking place, and the build up, be cup final knockout, meet the teams or even wheeling out Jimmy Tarbuck for his traditional pre match interview, was part and parcel of the whole event. Now it has gone or has the innocence of my youth?
The Rub is a legitimate massage parlor operated by Georgia (Loretta Devine) — ninety percent of the time anyway. The other ten percent consists of “The Client List” — guys looking for a little extra, or “happy endings” as we’re more familiar with today. Riley insists that she will not provide any “extras” — even though “the girls that don’t do extras, don’t really do that well” at The Rub. That is until she comes home to discover that her husband has abandoned her and she’s in danger of losing her home.
Well, home again! It’s been a great week, but I’m glad to be out from under the skyscrapers and back under the stars. I’m pretty certain now that I could never be a full-time city girl…
Dear Heavenly Father, I praise You and rejoice at Your Word that has made me realize Your eternal plans of honour, prosperity, progress and victory for my life. I’m grateful to know that you’ve already ordained me to shine daily in life, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
Earlier, Engr Sani Alhassan, a former Executive Secretary of Federal Capital Development Authority (FCDA), said the minister directed the revocation of residential building on the plot following recommendations by his department that they were on power lines for the building of a 330 KVA sub stations.
A little goes a long ways. Get your heart rate up at least 20 minutes a day, 3 to 5 times a day. This builds cardiovascular endurance and also burns calories.
The Authors Academy
“Man is more himself, man is more manlike, when joy is the fundamental thing in him, and grief the superficial.”
For equipping 5 items: +3 Weapon/Magic ATT, +150 Accuracy/Avoidability, +200 HP/MP.
Protection of genetic resources and traditional knowledge
At first, when Kareena was approached for the item number, Kareena placed many demands:
Whatever problems you have now , whatever difficulties you are facing now, whatever unpleasant atmosphere you are experiencing now, and whatever hardships you are going through now, take it as a TEST.
Cat: “I guess you should have got a dog.”
2001: 100+ deaths
Rainer shook his head, cobwebs falling away and he struggled to keep his eyes open. The motions sent tremors through his hands, and the eggshell clutched in his right hand rattled against the bowl. In the close confines of the cell, it sounded to his addict's ears too much like the death rattle he could not shake loose from his mind. That dry, pebbly sound brought back the night in that Hue alley. Filth on the stones, a dark stain spreading slowly on the groin of Anna Marie's pants, and a death warrant of Burmese opium signing off on his brain. It was raining, he recalled, and as the heroin took over his own veins he remembered slumping against the wall and hoping she wouldn't drown. Then there were lights, and sirens. The world went black and he woke up in a crowded courtyard with the concerned face of a Buddhist novice peering at him. Anna, he noticed, was nowhere to be seen.
Cutting Inches Lane soap. This is the 2nd batch of this soap, which is inspired by my Grandma and her old medicine chest...and the house she lived in on 'Inches Lane'.
Especially in the spring when the market takes on Cradle of Mankind proportions. Or at least that is how I felt yesterday when the maliciously grumpy herb guy (truly he intimidates me so much that I often can't get up the nerve to speak to him) suddenly decided...to like me. I decided to brave his steely glare as he finally had zucchini blossoms after a month longer wait than usual due to the lack of rains. Can you imagine my shock when instead of charging 12 for 2,50€--clearly a bargain--he threw in everything that he had left with a flick of the wrist, mumbling something about "being special to the ladies"? I was dumbfounded but credit the strength of my perfume with this miraculous behavioural transformation and won't hold my breath for it to happen again.
I spent the next 5 days recovering from whiplash. I was also bleeding and they suspected a miscarriage so I was sent home to wait it out. My trauma knew no bounds and for days I kept thinking that I could have killed my nephew. He on the other hand was telling this story to everyone and anyone who would listen and he was in his element! Wee bugger!
Teach your child to serve…one letter at a time! This 240+ page downloadable or hard copy kit includes thorough lesson plans, games, crafts, recipes, memory verses, Bible story suggestions, vocabulary stimulation and discussion, play, books to read and so much more…all while encouraging service to God!
The panel of the card is embossed with the large dot EF from Cuttlebug,
Given the international assault on Israel’s legal rights these days, I highly encourage you to do your own research on the history and importance of the San Remo conference and how the Lord used it to fulfill those ancient prophecies.
And here is the final money shot... The TV mounted on the wall with small cubbie for front middle speaker and other necessities like the DVR and Wii :)
LÄPPLE: Yes, but after the shut-down imposed by the Nazis in February of 1939 and after the war even there everything began again from the beginning. There was no longer an organic school of theology. Few of the old professors remained, and the new ones came from different theological faculties and experiences. Internally the teaching staff was very
And so I watched
Since this is a Noir festival, you can predict that this heist isn’t going to end happily. Cotten is a lot smarter than he appears—after all, he WAS Uncle Charlie in Shadow of a Doubt—and that whole “honor amongst thieves” thing clouds judgment yet again. I was underwhelmed by The Money Trap, but it’s worth seeing for both Hayworth’s performance and a gun battle between two 1940’s icons. Oh, and a pre-Khan Montalban doesn’t hurt either, even if parts of his performance feel as fake as Corinthian Leather.
Fast forward to Friday night. After a train ride, and an early arrival, we finally are seated at our table. It's a little after nine, as I casually unfold the white napkin onto my lap. As I glance to the table in front, I spy a familiar face.
towards each other.
1976 co-founded Arlington, of which he became chairman in 1990, having been involved in the UK property market since 1970. Arlington was floated in 1986 and sold to British Aerospace in 1989 for £287 million. He was instrumental in the establishment of Pillar in 1991 and became its chairman in 1994 when Pillar was floated, a position he held until 2005 when Pillar was sold to British Land plc for £811 million. Mould joined the board of Arena Leisure in October, 2005, and until recently was chairman of the publicly listed company which operates several British racecourses and owns a stake in specialist broadcaster At The Races. Among the best horses to race for his first wife were the 1993 King George VI Chase winner Barton Bank and Charter Party, owned jointly with Claire Smith and winner of the 1988 Cheltenham Gold Cup. The Mould trainers include Twiston-Davis, Nicky Henderson and, on the Flat, Charlie Hills and Henry Candy. The Moulds ran the 90-acre Grange Stud (UK) at their Guiting Power home in the same village as Twiston-Davies’ yard but following Jenny’s death Raymond Mould moved to a village near Burford in Oxfordshire with Caroline and sold his breeding stock at Doncaster in November, 2002. There was a big celebration after Bindaree’s win at the Hollow Bottom pub in Guiting Power, part-owned by Raymond Mould. Raymond Mould’s John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1997 Grange Brake (Ref 27th); 2002 BINDAREE (WON); 2003 Bindaree (6th); 2004 Bindaree (UR 6th); 2005 Bindaree (11th); 2007 Knowhere (UR 8th); 2008 Knowhere (UR 22nd); 2009 Knowhere (PU bef 25th).
12/30 ending at Buffalo.
I had the chance to observe one entertainer at work. Tanya Quinn, of Kids Party Singapore, fully immerses herself in the themed character she is playing. I went to observe a Princess-themed party she was running (she was a Princess called Amelia) and realized that I had seen her before, in another avatar – as a pixie.
Details of what ensued are difficult to ascertain. However, it seems that the militia members quickly encountered two men whom they considered a good match for the descriptions they had received. Disembarking nearby, they challenged the men and, after a brief verbal altercation, shot and killed them. Having chosen, for reasons that are not clear, not to leave the area immediately despite the unfavourable attention they were now receiving from a growing crowd of angry Muslims, they came under fire and returned it. Given the aforementioned crowd, and the militia’s high capacity military-issue rifles, chaos quickly ensued, with dozens of Muslim casualties.
This cool and calm environment matches the onboard product and helps bring the whole brand in line with its image of ‘European Chic’. The lounge will be launched in summer 2012. Personally, I hope to get a look inside the lounge, some of the elements I’d love to see in closer detail.
Upside Down 2 (video) – Production Compan
Hmmmmm I might have to think on this for a bit. Any ideas?
During this time, I was complaining to Sean about my current camera.
As I soar through a liquid sky
Newton
I had a HUGE pizza craving last night, so I ordered it because there was a special deal. Well I got it and there was SOOO much garlic (don't get me wrong, I like garlic, but not like this). So the pizza part was good, the poppers part I wasn't fanatical about. About half hour later my stomach was DYING!!! It made me sooo sick all night. =(
Notes: Tremulous voice is a must; however, tasting like a peanut is not necessary.
Its good. I don’t need things. I don’t need attention. I don’t love the day. I have learned not to let myself get worked up with unmet expectations. It’s a trap. It’s from hell. It’s not where I am going to let myself go.
Learn to relax your body and mind. The gut has a very strong connection to the brain and is even called “the second brain.” It is responsible for producing 90-95% of seratonin, which regulates mood, appetite, sleep, memory and learning. The digestive system can be very sensitive to anxiety and tension. Take 5 minutes of time to sit quietly, breathe into your soft lower belly, and allow your system to calm down. The difference will be significant in how your digestion is working.
I'm just kidding. Stay tuned - in the interest of collective impact, multi-platform storytelling, and disrupting the status quo, I'm trying something new this year. The 10th buzzword of the year will be announced in the Chronicle of Philanthropy on December 27th. They'll have the full list and reveal the buzzword you've all been waiting for.
Thanks so much for sharing Jennifer!
Every story I write or read starts with a character. Whether this be the Antagonist or the Protagonist, a story cannot happen without the main characters. You cannot stage a play without the principal actors. Once the main character is introduced, the story can begin. Everything else is just back-story that helps set a scene for the character to step into. Every protagonist needs an antagonist. This creates the CONFLICT which leads to the CLIMAX. The antagonist is usually the spark that sets the whole story alight. He/She is the reason that the Protagonist needs to ACT.
Last Day of 2011
Valentine's Day is just around the corner so I thought I would share a couple of great chocolate gift box picks just in time for the holiday. I shared these picks with Life and Style Magazine, and they are in this week's issue. My picks were chocolates from Vosges Haut Chocolat and Max Brenner. Receiving either of these gift boxes will make you instantly feel like you were struck by cupid's arrow.
It’s not all bad news though. An editor recently told me that ‘if it’s good enough, it will be translated’, but I take that to mean that it has to be something exceptional.
I am not afraid that my son will grow up to be an adult who thinks that ripping keys off computers or otherwise damaging another person's property is a fine thing to do. Someday, when he is ready and with my help, I trust that he will understand the importance of the keys to the functioning of the computer and the importance of treating another person's possessions with care.
The only organizations retained were those that the PPP could rape and run rough shod over without accountability like NIS and the GUYANA GOLD BOARD. Everything else was axed.
That sounds way sick that you’re working on sustainability. it’s a good goal and it needs people to work on it. That’s cool that you found a way in through your current job to start working with it. I am really not sure what I am going to do after the mission. I have gotten kind of muddled here in the office. Too much time to think but maybe it was a good thing. Get all of my worrying out of the way. This is something I have been thinking about a lot. It started out by thinking about where I will apply after the mission. I started out thinking about the air force academy, now don’t worry I don’t think I’ll be applying there anytime soon. I emailed uncle Shane and Austin just to see what they thought. Austin as always was very optimistic, as he always is, but uncle Shane was a little more down to earth. He said the applications for the Academies (Air Force, Army, Navy) would be and I quote “painful”. Yet something he said hit me.he said the Coast guard academy he thought would be much more doable. The weird thing is I had been looking into that as well. I just wanted to keep you guys in the loop. I won’t have to worry about any applications until way later but just want to have a plan while I am here and can plan.
See, to me, the Outer Banks are a somewhat mystical place. On most coasts, you stare out at a (presumably) wide expanse of ocean. But on Hatteras Island, you stare out at the Atlantic (to the east) and the Roanoke Sound (to the west). On cloudy days, the sound itself can appear almost like an ocean, so that you feel as though you're standing on the last strip of earth on an otherwise watery planet. (Okay, so that's a little whimsical, but if you've been there, you'll know what I mean.)
Mark Lockheart saxophone
“My damage isn’t this low,” continued Swain. “These charts are wrong.”
Silent to the point of ignoring that these issues must be dealt with now if Pakatan is not to descend into chaos should they find themselves in Putrajaya.
my dad made the railroad crossing signs for me and the trunk
they laughed and ran, in late noon sun.
And so begins another house hunt.
Ballad of a Deadman – The White Buffalo
Nowadays we meet up with individuals upon social media or obtain brought to them within e-mail. However electronic digital handshakes have yet to change providing custom business cards on seminars, conferences, or perhaps on parties (yes, the private and expert have merged).
Legend has it that Mary Magdalene moved to France and bore Jesus a daughter. Their daughter is the Holy Grail according to some. However, if the tomb is authentic then Mary was buried with her husband, son and in-laws. Did Mary Magdalene leave behind a daughter in France before returning to her home land to die? There is no direct evidence, but it would make sense. If Mary and Jesus married and had a son, why couldn’t they have had other children as well?
Into all the blankets and pillows,
– aren’t tempted by things that you’ve decided are off-limits
These days, what I tend to here a lot from the gutters of the western fanbase is that “all anime these days is fanservice crap! Why can’t we have more shows like Neon Genesis Evangelion, Legend of the Galactic Heroes, or Ghost In The Shell?” These are the same people who claim that Redline is “an instant masterpiece that’s gonna save the anime industry,” yet refuse to acknowledge that the film itself “panders” to western audiences. With the definite exception of Redline, most titles that came about in the 90′s as well as a few titles from the recent decade tend to have something about it that gave some fans the impression that it would make them smarter or better than all the other fans. For instance, Evangelion had those last two episodes that made people go wtf?, yet a handful of individuals saw this as some sort of SYMBOLISM! People tend to let the storyline of GITS or LOTGH get the best of them, automatically making them geniuses who sit in class all day during lecture, doing pointless crap on the computer that no one cares about. If that is the case, then where the hell is the pretension in Redline? If the oh so perty animation is the “pretension” they are talking about, then I for one, am not buying it.
It’s not a scary prospect, though, growing old alone. We all deal with it everyday, the growing old part, I mean. As for doing it by your lonesome, well, it’s not as if I will be the first person to do it. Many folks have done it before. I could think of Jane Austen and suddenly the prospect of living a solitary life sounds rewarding, if not blessed. Besides, I am already used to living alone. I value my own time, you see. I don’t like too much noise. I hate drama. Sometimes I even think I am not fond of people that much. As long as I have my imagination, my books, my TV, and my notebook MacG with me, I’m fine. I will be so fine.
A: I spent most of last week covered in flour. No really, the photo about doesn't do the flour coverage justice. My first attempt at sourdough starter went from one cup flour, one cup water to sponge in 36 hours. As for the bread, the first loaf burned on the outside and suffered extreme doughyness on the inside. It was inedible. The second loaf came up lovely, if a bit heavy.
I might not have a good day today, but I wish you a great day! Till the next post amigos.
The South African Communist Party, for its part, lived in a different world. It conducted its struggle in classic Leninist fashion, becoming the ideological vanguard of the ANC, leading its armed struggle, and very largely controlling the ANC-in-exile. It was a Stalinist party in that it simply paid no heed to Marxist theorists outside the Lenin-Stalin canon. Indeed, whereas European communist parties were traumatised and shaken by the twin shock of Hungary and Khruschev's revelations about Stalin, neither event had any noticeable effect on South African communism for it seemed to live in a parochial, iron-clad world of its own.
Camp 1: Sauce is poured over the top. Just out of the oven. No exceptions. Everyone gets an equal amount.
Norwegian literature also lacked (in my opinion) the delusions of grandeur that I so loved in fiction of other languages.
You’re still fighting dreaded dragons
So this year, I'm on it. Now, I COULD have just bought candy and placed it in a basket, and put it on the table for Mr W to find. How boring. In the spirit of.... of...., well, in the spirit of us both having a little bit of fun with it, I saved a bunch of those plastic eggs from some previous Easter. I'm glad I saved them and will get to reuse them. I've filled about 20 with a couple of kinds of candy and will hide them in dog-proof places around the house. One of the eggs will contain instructions for him to find the one item he specifically requested, a big chocolate bunny, which will also be hidden somewhere. Yea! I've been excited about this for about a week. I'll be redeemed as a holiday provider.
Finland declared its independence in December 1917 and was acknowledged by the new Soviet leadership soon thereafter. A four month civil war followed, pitting Red Guards against Whites and ending with the arrival of the German Baltic division, who occupied Sveaborg in support of the victorious Whites. The fortress was renamed Suomenlinna in May 1918 and became a prison camp for Red prisoners, over ten percent of whom died from starvation and illness before the camp was closed later that year.
Thanks once again and may God bless us all!
Men Remained to Die.
I had a similar experience a couple months ago where I met a cool guy, we hit it off, exchanged numbers, etc... I assumed he was near my age but found out once again that he's about 10 years younger than me. When I found out, I told him that the age difference was an issue for me. He said it shouldn't be. But once again, I couldn't get past it. Ten years is just too much for me.
The times when I think about it, it seems like it happened to someone else. Those spectacularly bad decisions couldn’t really belong to me, could they?
With the Texas primary only weeks away, there were also plenty of political candidates and elected officials in the crowd including U.S. Senator candidate Ted Cruz, State Representative Candidate Gene Wu and City Councilwoman Ellen Cohen.
Monday, we hosted Jake's high school hockey teams (both the JV and the Varsity) for a pasta dinner before the big game on Tuesday. This is the second year in a row that we have hosted a pasta dinner and I am still amazed at how much food 37 BIG boys can eat!!!
September 9 through October 22, 2005
That new freaky book, Fifty Shades of Gray by E. L. James
This second one also features Coffee Break products. I used one of the frames--both the negative and the positive. For the left hand side I used the "mask" portion of the stencil to create an outline and then I doodled around them. On the left hand side I used the stencil portion to create a frame on vintage sheet music:
So there you have it!! I am going to be moving stateside most likely in June (nothing has been finalized yet) and we are most likely moving to NC.
It happens in partnership with others. Don’t try it alone. Come down front and let’s pray together and start walking with each other.
Apparently plans are “well advanced” for Steve Coogan to play British porn baron Paul Raymond in a film directed by the extraordinarily prolific Michael Winterbottom – they previously worked together on the excellent 24 Hour Party People in which Coogan impersonated Tony Wilson to a tee. I encountered Tony Wilson when I was working at Granada TV and Coogan’s voice was uncannily spot-on though I found the hair strangely unsettling. Paul Raymond had a hairstyle even more extravagant than Tony Wilson, so this could be the start of a movie hair trilogy.
than all we desire to be. Like all rebels, we have wild imaginations and
1 cup double cream (normal single heavy cream is fine)
As if you'll be entertaining guests.
Thanks to the acting strength of PNB’s dancers, along with the heart-stopping beauty of Pakledinaz’s costumes, this gentle narrative eventually bores its way into one’s visual and feeling memory. There’s something in every act: from the crisp corps de ballet women spinning in their perfect, opalescent tulle skirts to the gracious Jeffrey Stanton in his perfect French-blue suit, to the sheer majesty of Ariana Lallone’s entrances and exits in her bustle skirt. Stanton and Lallone, as well as Stacy Lowenberg (pictured), will all be missed dearly when they retire this year.
I’m an over-thinker, and I always have been. I’m the person that stays up past my bedtime because my mind starts wandering about why the world is here and what “nothing” actually means. Think about it. Do the universes/galaxies/etc just stop somewhere? And if they stop, what would define stopping? And if it’s just a vast amount of nothing, then what is nothing? See? I’m doing it again. I get my brain all into a confused tizzy. Hence why I’m Agnostic. I just don’t know! But damned if my Sarah brain isn’t trying to rationalize it.
Support from The Plan was excellent. Keep an eye on them, with the right moves they will do well.
Maison Martin Margiela set of four rose gold-plated knuckleduster rings.
3) Actually see a production of La Boheme (as opposed to just listening to the CD)
(and no...I am not a hoarder...)
You've been with the company for 44 years now, and put in 32 years of dedicated service....
With the birth of her third child came a realization – it’s one thing to talk about writing a book, another thing entirely to actually do it. First published in 2006, she’s gone on to write over 30 erotic and sensual romance titles for e-publishers including Samhain Publishing, Ellora’s Cave and Carina Press.
In one of my national democratic youth activist friends online conversations with Simsimi, the free artificial intelligence conversation program, they were flattered to hear positive responses about the mass organizations of which they were active members.
Same. EMTs. I was Evilly calm. I held my Evil Self together. Until I got home and away from the Spawn.
“Well, fart you!”
I tried to stick to a black & pink color scheme, with variations of the two colors. I hand-cut all of the hearts using the elementary school method of folding my paper in half and cutting out a half-heart- remember doing that for Valentine's Day? Lol...I then rumpled them and inked them a bit. The little banners at the top of my page were cut from one of the journaling spots included in the 7 Dots Studio add-on, using the Prima stick pins to embellish them. Finally, I used the Prima mask to create my flourishes in the two corners of my layout, using some gesso with a touch of pink spray mist.
Spent the Holidays at Ayala Alabang with the family. Of course working at a BPO does have it’s downsides; no holidays. So needless to say I had to get to work on Christmas Day. I woke up early so I could have a cab pick me up and bring me to the office. The guard said there were no cabs outside the gate and referred us to call Tai Taxi. Now I’ve already had extremely bad experience with their company, aside from the over overpricing they had me wait for an hour. Anyways, after my yaya told me that the guard gave us Tai Taxi’s number my ears started to heat up this only happens when I’m about to get very very very irate. So I had my yaya call them.
With his authoritative nine-length victory in the April 14th Arkansas Derby, Bodemeister, owned by Zayat Stables and trained by Bob Baffert, has stamped himself as one of the favorites for this Saturday’s 138th Kentucky Derby.
So far, I’ve finished 2 pieces for PIF 2012. Both of them are wire write name pendant. I’ll post about them later.
Lin Dai's consecutive Best Actress wins at the Asian Film Festival — in 1957 for Cathay's Golden Lotus and in 1958 for Shaw's Diau Charn — consolidated her position as movie queen. She continued to make films for both studios up until 1960, after which she worked exclusively for Shaw Brothers until her sudden death in 1964. For more than 10 years, Lin Dai commanded the box office and ruled the silver screen. She is justifiably remembered today as one of Chinese cinema's brightest stars.
A sculptor's sweet commissioned grace
Squirt squirt (colloidal silver squirt bottle)
We took the bus but jumped off again when Tigger spotted something she knew I would like to see – a city farm! That is where we saw the above ducks of a species that adopts this unusual upright posture. These three, by their demeanour, seemed to be gossiping about the other ducks!
Ink: Bashful Blue, Wild Wasabi, Rose Red
Company information on tablets still need to be protected, and employee usage still needs to be monitored. And this is just for starters.
The Group: My wonderful reader Melanie, her fiancee Bob and their very cute single friend Scott, 25.
When the Matron was a Youngish Miss, 29 or 30, something disturbing happened to her. All she wanted to do was run this event by her mother, even though past experience and common sense told her that such Outreach would not unfold as hoped for. What Young Miss hoped for was that her mother would say something like this: "I love you. Everything is going to be all right. "
Makes 12 pancakes (serving size: 3 pancakes)
Cute ending, with the final line probably swiped from the movie Some Like It Hot.
Two days later he died and my letter was returned unclaimed. He died without knowing I was coming. Had he known, would it have made a difference? Did Bob die because there was some master game plan in which it was important that he and I not get together? He was my soul mate; whatever souls are made of, his and mine were the same. We knew it within three days of meeting. What would our lives have been like if Bob had lived? He was going into the astronaut training program. He was born to be a hero, and I to be his wife. He would have been a great dad and we would have had wonderful children.
I was very hopeful to have everything around the house and that I wanted accomplished done, however that didn't happen. I continue to work at my vocation as wife and mother and take grace where it is given.
Witness the awesomeness:
I did not grow up with spicy food. I say "spicy food" as a matter of course, now, as Americans do. But where I come from we'd say, "hot food". As in, FIRE!
In fact, the only thing that can ruin the good fun of such movies is when they are made the center of a parody.
Bring to a low simmer, reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes. You can keep this warm on the stove-top for about 2 hours or transfer to a slow cooker set on warm if desired until ready to serve.
They’re businesses, only worse. Those at the top of most big law firms function with far greater independence than corporate CEOs who must answer to a board of directors and shareholders. In many big firms, a growing internal wealth gap reinforces the hubris of senior leaders who answer to no one — except each other. With Dewey’s disintegration, we’re seeing where that can lead.
I knew how love, was suppose to feel in my heart
Thanks for visiting me today! Enjoy the rest of your Christmas vacation and see you soon! xo
But there is a very skilfully judged malt base to this beer, which keeps it's overall appeal broad, and it's character vivid.
Since Phoenix is the #3 seed and Nashville is the #4, Games 1, 2, 5, and 7 will be played in Phoenix, giving Nashville at least three potential home games. In other news, St. Louis and L.A. will duke it out, hopefully beating the you-know-what out of each other, wearing each other out for Round 3.
I weep for not having you in my arms.
Her body demanded more
You can't pronounce the name of the biggest pop star in the world.
Talk time (maximum):
Here's the thing. The Internet has made the world a VERY small place. Did you know that if you google for information about Lae, PNG, you get me and my blog! So here's a tip. If you're relocating to Lae, make sure you check out who owns and services your compound. If it's Pelgen or Tivon STAY AWAY! Possibly the most badly managed compounds anywhere in PNG.
I’ve changed my schedule a little. 1st Sundays is now for the Salon interviews and on the other Sundays, I will be showcasing people who I think have things to say. It’s not that different, it’s just that, instead of me interviewing them, if they already have blogs and such, I’ll just let them speak for themselves. Today, it’s the lovely Bella from One Sister’s Rant, who I found through the very lovely Amber from A Day Without Sushi.
The weakness was larger,
Select an issue that you believe Ana Castillo was attempting to illuminate for her audience and write a literary analysis of how that theme is explored in the novel. Remember to use direct citations from the novel to support your ideas and theories.
Was I there when the wold was made, when God separated the light from the darkness? Perhaps he separated me from the light at the beginning of the world. Can I complain? Can I rebel against my God? He knows my every thought, He knew my anger while I still felt affection, He knew my sins while I was still in grace.
Two pairs Gore cycling shorts
Provided you fool them and yourself.
I was able to get off the oxygen tube a couple of weeks ago, that was a relief. Went to the doctor today, and I don't have to wear the brace on my arm any more. Starting Thursday I will be doing physical therapy a couple of times a week to get my arm to something approaching normal in strength and mobility. Right now I can raise my arm to about 40º, which is higher than I could do before the operation. I still can't lift more than about a pound in weight, since my arm has atrophied somewhat since my injury. At least now I can work a mouse and type with my right arm as long as it is resting on the arm of my chair.
Don’t get me wrong here! I have no pain with someone else making a success of their lives and I realize that moving abroad far away from family and close relatives can be a harrowing experience. My gripe is with those expats who blatantly boast about their newfound wealth and happiness while their relatives are rotting in sickness and poverty in a country where the government doesn’t care a damn about their health or their safety!
Continuous training is important. For years, I have always encouraged every person on my immediate team to improve themselves every year. If we were going to improve what we offered to our customers, we had to improve our knowledge. We have to make ourselves easier and more valuable to do business with. I would ask every team member to think about his or her skills and knowledge, and where they felt they could use improvement. I would ask them to finish the statement “I could better take care of our customers if I knew ____________ better”. From some, I might hear something like learning how to use the computer better. We would go out and find a class at the local technical college. From others, I might get a request for an advanced training program on the products or services that we offered. For these, we might get them registered for a program that covered that area. For others, it might be general business training or working toward a degree that would benefit their work within our company. I also continued to increase my knowledge level.
20. BRICK (2005)
In addition, the winners' schools will receive a $500 grant and a school
Mervi had a near impossible task in choosing just 3 from the stunning selection of entries but choose she had to and Mervi's top three Shabby Vintage are
*Try out Netflix. For $8.99 you can instantly download/view thousands of programs and check out one dvd at a time. There are no time limits or late fees. I have seen some excellent IMAX shows on there, and some great older movies my kids really liked. Recently, every episode of the animated program Liberty's Kids became instantly downloadable, and my kids have been watching the episodes when it is too hot to go outside and play and I need some time to get things done.
ON THE OTHER HAND (we are now onto Mind #2), this article also makes it seem as if the parent/kid playground combo is the slippery slope to hell, and that slides are even MORE dangerous than anybody had ever imagined. And considering we have already imagined them as SO dangerous that regulations require them to be no taller than the average mound of laundry (or is that just at my house?), this is another blow to playground fun.
Anyway, we are currently on the New Kingdom literature section and are discussing how the literature reflects a rise in a middle class and the democratization of the individual during a history that predominately was royally based, specifically the connection of the Pharaoh to the gods, especially in the after-life. One of the sections we were able to read was an incredible set of four manuscripts that contained Love Poems, that were often sung and can be considered Love Songs. This poetry was absolutely stunning, with emotions that you and I can relate to. That is probably the coolest part. For me, it brought these ancient Egyptians to life. It is hard to remember that in history, the people who are substantial, are actually just people. In the case of these love poems, not just substantial people make a difference, but this poetry focuses on that of the ordinary person. In my opinion, that makes history even more real.
Speaker Gingrich was hired by Freddie Mac to promote them, to — to influence other people throughout Washington, encouraging them to — not to dismantle these two entities. I think that was an enormous mistake. I think, instead, we should have had a whistle-blower and not horn-tooter.
But what I am mostly proud of ( and this might seem a little cocky) is that I got assigned to do a vox on the rising diesel prices – a vox that even a BBC colleague couldn’t do and I did and was really proud. The problem with that vox was it required specific targets and not just ask anyone on the street so I said to myself – who would be the most affected of the rising diesel prices? Well, first of all, they have to drive a diesel car so I thought.. right, the cab drivers. So I went to every cab spot in Coventry city centre and asked the cab drivers. Obviously, it was very hard to do because not everyone wanted to talk about it and everyone was pointing to the another cab driver (saying that the other one might be better for the interview). But I was persistent and managed to get their opinions. In the end, the breakfast team was amazed with the outcome of the vox and they needed it just in time (obviously after two voxes, the last one comes a little late). Take a listen:
"Mormonism In Its Expanding Global Context: Invitations to New Interpretations and Understanding"
So, here goes...
but tonight I walk
Tomato(chopped) 1 Medium
Yep! I am pregnant! This is an ultrasound picture that was taken at my first prenatal appointment at eight weeks. There is a real live baby in there with a heartbeat and everything!
Ideas alone cannot have any effect. They are simply information and evil people know this. That is why conditions are set up in the physical world to empower those ideas and hence trick the other person into believing them. And let me specify here again that empowered ideas are not ones that the evil people can present as some potent weapon being thrown at the victim from them. Evil people have no mental powers. Empowered ideas only means that lame ideas are presented at such time and in such a way as to find fertile soil. The victim is upholding beliefs together with changes to their body function, which occur simultaneously with the ideas presented, so as to make those ideas appear as powerful ideas. They are not. It is all about deceit and really a dramatic puppet show stitched together, a cut and paste exercise. With this in mind we can then appreciate that to generate barrier or resistance cells in the body (what doctors call cancer cells) there needs to be harmful ideas presented in the mind that are empowered because of the condition of the targeted person/ the victim; and for all that to occur when the targeted person is angry and hostile. When a person is angry and hostile they will hold a misguided volition with respect to those ideas as to struggle with them. However finding no clear and definable aggressor with which to struggle, which is their plan A, they go to plan B. In Plan B their volition becomes the desire to build a barrier or shield for protection against the mysterious aggressor. The theatre of war seems to be in the body, so the barrier that can be built can only ever be a cell barrier, which of course grow bigger and bigger the harder they struggle and fight until a mass is formed. This mass doctors call cancer.
Pete! What more needs to be said? You’re amazing. Good job!!
We have raged before about the rising fuel price, but now it has surpassed critical level. It may even have reached the point where we either just get over it and deal with the fact that life is going to keep on getting more expensive or we are going to start doing something about it… and by something I mean ANYTHING! For now the best thing we can do is offer one another ideas on how to cut back on spending habits and hopefully help you to have more money in your wallet/purse. If you have any suggestions on how to cut back and save a little more to put towards petrol (or whatever else you want to spend your money on) every month please post a comment! I have a few suggestions I would like to share:
‘Come On, Be A No-One’ meanwhile, is a ‘Born To Lose’ type anti-hero anthem in-the-making with a great guitar fade out. “Gary wrote it on the acoustic and it sounded very George Harrison, we did an early version in Edwyn’s studio but then we stripped it back for the record. I was nervous about putting lyrics to it because Gary wrote the melody, but I came up with the line one night, at first I thought it was just a stupid line, then I saw it as self depreciating but then it became about the idea of anonymity, moving back to Wakefield, no one asks me about The Cribs, no one cares about that shit and it’s really good. But there was another level too, it was also a love song, about totally giving up what we’ve achieved in a second for love, comfort and peace of mind but then at the same time, I know I couldn’t give it up even if I wanted to, because sometimes I just want to rock!” Gary’s songs rock too, but are more gentle and introspective. They have meaningful titles like ‘Glitters Like Gold’ and ‘I Should Have Helped’ and have a real femininity to them.
“Mulby, man. This guy is seriously freaking me out.”
Our nation was our extended family and the embodiment of our cultural hierarchy that had treated other races as less than us, but this is our country. The nation had protected individuals as part of a bigger community, was replaced by interest groups defined by group identities - race, gender and orientation and religion other than Christianity which was replaced by multi-racialism.
By the way, I expect that this spiritual lethargy that is still evident with some of our clergy will all be changing in the church of the new era we are entering, where the Spirit of God will overwhelm all Christians with His Glory and many of those who are now holding back will be surprisingly renewed in the Spirit. It will be a very difficult era for Christians and He is preparing us for those times when we will need to draw upon His power and strength to manifest His Kingdom on this Earth!
Gondor Archers. Human Infantry – S 15cm – F d6 – D d6 – A 1 – M d6 – W 5 – P 5 – Special: Archery (50cm)
Then I remembered that there are references to wine in an even older text with exactly the same setting: the Thousand and One Nights, which has folktales from the Islamic Golden Age. My family no longer has its old copy, but some quick research reveals that there are "two large vessels of wine" that are definitely for human consumption in The Story of the Porter and the Ladies of Baghdad.
GM: Control of people’s lives. Pricing – loaf of bread £1.40, 2 for £2. Why should I get a loaf of bread for a pound and it cost a bit more for someone who only needs to buy one? We can’t stop it. A lot more important stuff to be going on with.
"Yes, positive. Oh...and congratulations on winning such a...prestigious...contest."
My first problem was that I have never been honest with myself or others. That has just been taken care of, in possibly the most impulsive and imprudent means possible. Because seriously, who talks about their deeply personal emotional trials on the internet? But without this, I would have no accountability whatsoever, and I would just slip back into my comfy little prison of illusion and lies. This way, I have all of you to remind me. To point me back to the real issue.
You set it up and put in what kind of car you have what year your car is.
Today, I believe that the “George Pompidou Centre,” “Louvre,” and “London museum of art” represented my father’s way of bringing his kid to Disney.
If I could have played this song for those three men when we spoke about light and dark, I would’ve been happy with that encounter. They said to me, “well God said let there be light, but what was before the light? It was the dark.”(I told him that was irrelevant because in reality light cannot exist separate of dark) I don’t remember exactly what he said after that but he proceeded to elevate the ‘Black man’ as being this dark, and having some special place in the scheme of things. No, this is incorrect. And even if it was, Lupe says “we can do something bout the future that we have. We can make it fast or we can make it last…and when those color lines that we can’t see between we just close our eyes until it’s all black everything”.
“…No, they don’t.”
No Cuban get-together is complete without these! As the stories I’ve heard go, the
He also revealed that he is currently studying in a Singapore university. It is not known if he is on MOE scholarship like the notorious MOE PRC scholar Sun Xu as well who managed to piss off an entire nation lately with his offensive remarks on there ‘being more dogs than humans in Singapore.’
En el pasado me han ofrecido trabajo escribiendo y siempre me hubiera gustado poder aprovechar esas oportunidades, pero nunca pude porque estoy muy ocupado con Sugar & Spice.
So I walk on up to the doorstep
Identify your emotions. Here are two suggestions to get you started.
It is that information, and that information alone, which the police are trying their damnedest to protect.
A. Wonderful because no event in history is as important as Jesus’ death and resurrection.
How far can you stretch this beer matching however. Awhile back i talked about matching beer with reading, you can also do this with tv and many advertising company pay to try and make you do this.
Will bless them another day.
(A true story)
I was left with the impression that the tickers at least enjoy their hobby and are not necessarily the weirdoes you might assume if someone were to simply explain the activity to you. At least the ones in the documentary. That they enjoy drinking and ticking is an activity that enhances their drinking pleasure rather than detracts from it. I cannot think of a less fun thing to do whilst having a pint than to note it down in a book (Brewer, Beer Name, ABV), but whatever gets you through the night is alright. The DVD extras are worth viewing if you need a bit more beer geekery than the 70 minutes of the documentary and as an overall personal view I liked the piece. Worth watching.
Visit someone much older than you, such as someone in a nursing home, on your birthday. If you are already in a nursing home, then go visit a funeral home. (This should have the same effect for your situation.)
How long have you been in the club?
I could see that they were trying to make me feel better. It was nice to feel whisked away, like they just wanted me to be cheerful instead of pissed off and sad.
HP Intros New Ultrabooks, Sleekbooks With Intel, AMD Chips – Hewlett-Packard has been busy. At an event at the Shanghai Expo Center in China May 9, the company, which was once on the verge of doing away with its PC unit, introduced more new business and consumer-geared PC models than any single person could reasonably keep track of. Most likely to stand out from the pack are new portfolios of Ultrabooks and what HP is calling “Sleekbooks.”
8:00-8:30: Arrive on campus, do some class prep (photocopies, setting up tech equipment, cuing up film clips and web pages).
Once his body was done, I went through and touched up colors, deepened shadows on the whole image, and then added a hint of blue sky with BG70, BG000, and B41.
Also, gratuitous pic of Alisha from Misfits as the same production company is involved.
respect myself and others,
Enjoy...
106Let tears, and burning blushes speak the rest.
“Occasionally I’ve experimented with writing songs from chiptune,” Mazzaferri says. “But I’m more of a traditional songwriter. I tend to write with a guitar, and then the chiptune is added in—along with the other instruments, though, so that’s not to minimize it. It’s just like adding in bass or drums or other stuff like that.”
Tripel Karmeliet
I still feel, although I may change, that my heart lies within the novel form with its capacity to extend characterisation and develop a satisfying plot. But taking time to be more concise, more spontaneous, more adventurous, more daring is a great exercise. It's challenging but I fully recommend it.
“Contrary to media reports, the Conservative Party of Canada is not under investigation for what went on in Guelph,” said the email.
So, I did what any other novice couponer would do… I printed off the coupons, and headed to my local Walmart store... Scared, I must add! I found all of the items on my list, and headed to the checkout lane petrified of what might happen. The cashier scanned all of my items, and with shaking hands, I handed over the coupons. My total before the coupons was over $20. After she scanned the coupons, my total came out to be only $1.47! WooHoo!!! No one chased me out of the store accusing me of shoplifting, Phew! At this point I was on top of the world, and I was hooked!
I always, always, always forget to reserve pasta water. Even the times (like this one) when I tell myself constantly while cooking that I need to remember to reserve some of it, I never think of it. Well, I think of it but only once all the water has been poured down the drain. Ugh. I added in some chicken broth to make up for it, but I think the pasta water would have been better.
(dum dum dum dum dum da dum dum dum dum da dummmm)
Revise.
I have to admit I like learning about my weaknesses. I’m not sure you can teach an old dog how to be trustworthy. I don’t think it matters whether the dog is a male or female. You either have it in you …or ya don’t. If I don’t think I can trust you…I’ll jet. So I like being someone that makes a woman feel safe so she is freed up to think about taking ownership of her own satisfaction. Does that make sense? There is nothing better than having my partner trust me FIRST...then ......push till her body responds uncontrollably with tightness.
Many knowledgeable practicioners have heard of the Tueller Drill or the “21' rule”, where it is shown that an officer, even with an exposed holster, has difficulty drawing and firing effective hits on a rushing opponent within 21'. The Excalibur Syndrome, while sharing similar roots, is a bit different.
The coffin had been closed; her face hidden forever from the people who loved her most. Flowers were laid out covering the coffin, the alter and the entryway until they spilled out onto the porch and still they continued to come. It was the flowers that made Mara rage. People sent flowers when they didn’t know what to say; as if the flowers would really make a difference and somehow bring her daughter home. She knew that she wouldn’t even remember who had sent flowers and who had saved the money to spend on their own children….their LIVING children.
Pitiful. This is how I feel right now. Some, would call me a “novelty,” but I know better. I may seem like a novelty, but I know, that once we take the mysteriousness and the fun out of the first few dates, you too, will run away. You always do.
Paul warned his readers (and that includes us) of this, as for example, in Galatians 6:12. “As many as desire to make a fair show in the flesh,” or in 2 Timothy 3:5, “Having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof.”
In fact, all of the races from their Alliance had some faith in the Light; even the Gnomes, who had apparently relied more on their experience with the mechanical and physical world than to worship the Light. But more often than not ceremonies of all types were performed with the Light’s blessings, and performed by those who dedicated their life to it, much as she had.
PS: No fish were harmed during the crossing. Sorry to say.
The over-riding question I have asked myself is who governs? The conclusion I have reached today is no one. I have followed in Jonathan Powell’s Machiavellian footsteps in offering up one or two suggestions in how to wield power from the town hall.¹
8. Anathema 'Are You There?'
At EdenFantasys.com you'll find:
Liquid Glass
When a meeting does occur and we agree it is worth while and attend, there would be a pretty strong emphasis on the value that occurred during it. I’m certain that ‘Public Reading Events’ would be a rare experience indeed.
- Liking one of our posts (100 points)
In the last video I have on the bottom of this post he asks 3 questions. Here are my answers to his 3 questions:
"After a lengthy absence from public appearances relating to her council duties, councillor Emma Colgate (right) returned to Thurrock Council’s chamber on Wednesday evening. Her only contribution to the meeting was to second a motion calling for a five per cent voluntary cut in the wages of the authority’s senior officers and she didn’t make any announcement about her change of political affiliation.
what management’s expectations are for staff, transitioning employees, and any existing LGBT employee group in facilitating a successful workplace transition; and
I'm very much into Dragon Quest mode right now. Today Dragon Quest 6 DS has come out to North America for the first time! I've already played it in Japanese but it would be nice to see the things I missed that my walkthrough didn't cover, though I heard it already covered a few critical things, such as involving a death of someone. In any case, I have my Dragon Quest 6 game coming to me from Amazon with free two day shipping, but unfortunately their idea of two days is one more than two... Estimated date delivery is this Thursday. I suppose while today is the release date, it isn't to be sold till tomorrow and thus it is accurate, but still is annoying.
With SRW out of the way (Cuoco review here, RN74 review coming soon) it’s back to our regularly scheduled program…er…blog. Much like The Doobie Brothers, we’re takin it to the streets with this one. Next up, we’re off to…
An acid body is a magnet for sickness, disease, cancer and aging. Eating more alkaline foods helps shift your body’s pH and oxygenates your system. Alkaline foods keep your body healthy and functioning correctly, preventing cancer.
Julien realized he had not been breathing. It was an amazing thing, breathing. Tears shone in Mama’s eyes.
Denise: To date, I have had five books published. Their titles are It Happens in Threes, Killer Bunny Hill, Connect the Dots, Never Tempt Danger, and Phish NET Stalkings.
Deal Scenari0 #2: Buy (3) Nivea body wash or scrubs $4 Use (3) $1.50/1 in 2/12 RP Final Price: $1.50 each
I love muted colours like these in the winter, they are cold and warm at the same time.
and those new eyes—
It ultimately didn't matter. There they were, and most of them had shiny covers. It was like I was inside and outside at the same time. I could hide in the dark spacious room while pretending the magazines' gloss was something like sunlight.
aren't connected like dots by kids in the house;
looking into the cafe, from the restaurant side: here is the bar that i painted...
By the way I think the Norfolk Island Pine is a brilliant idea. I’ve been really bah-humbug this year and haven’t put up a tree or decorated. It wears me out just thinking about it, but David’s Norfolk Island Pine inspired me…if Lowe’s or Home Depot has one to buy…now. I need a quickie Christmas redo since I’m having everyone over on Christmas Day and having nothing Christmas-y just doesn’t seem right. Trying to stay mellow and anxiety-free this Christmas season has merely meant opting out for me, and now with days to go I’m feeling like opting back in. I have become really ambivalent about this wonderful season meant for celebrating my Savior’s birth. Sadly and invariably, I experience less savior and more stress. It’s just occurring to me that doing nothing is not the answer to doing too much which I used to do with incredibly disastrous results. Happy mediums have never been my strong suit, being naturally inclined to be either way over there or way over there. Avoiding Christmas Eve conniptions has become my holiday goal, so I have adopted a laissez-faire attitude. Well, I’m only 61, so I’ve still got time to get this right.
The following are my off the cuff first impressions (unedited); I’ll probably wish they had remained unwritten. Keep in mind that these are not the words of an urbane sophisticate who frequents haberdasheries, but rather those of a bohemian.
Similarly, the recommendations of AOOIFI and the IFSB are not binding in the case of a dispute between two bodies over shariah compliance. Malaysia has broken new ground in appointing a national shariah board with the power to make binding recommendations — but at present there has been little indication that other countries will follow suit. A national shariah board may be more practical in Islamic countries, but it’s hard to imagine the UK government, for instance, endorsing a national shariah committee.
this love…is wrong…
Now, at first glance, this seems like a huge year. After all, there are 50 games! This was certainly a strong year for RPGs in that there were a LOT, but not so much in terms of quality. I’m confident in my top 5, but the runner ups…oh, the runner ups. ANYWAY, let’s hop right in with…
Then it suddenly dawned on me – I had become a beer blogger!!
I've joined the most unfortunate club in the world.
 Rahul Roy, documentary filmmaker
Mike and David. And yes, he is that much bigger than Mike.
*Cardstock: PTI White; Stampin' Up! Wisteria Wonder, Pear Pizazz, Chocolate Chip
Skull Pops
i added another photo of initials hanging on church doors. i love the stone and the arch that frames those doors.
It turns out those wild stories are actually really dangerous and messed up stuff that was only going to lead to bad mojo, almost always egged on by THAT friend. I once dated a girl who told me her THAT friend invited her to hang out alone with a roomful of marines on leave. What could possibly go wrong?
On saying grace – “Oh, it isn’t necessary… there’s nothing wrong with my food.”
Yes, I am here, sorry to have kept you all on pins and needles!
If you did this last year then make a wall art piece out of scrappy supplies for your space. Think outside the box. If you normally do scrapbooking then alter something if you area an altered artist then do a
“The concept aims to provide the general public with a special selection of the best recipes for the preparation of spirits from some of the most prestigious and oldest distillers.”
Al Ewing – The Roses That Bloom Underground
- Pistachio stuffed chicken breast wrapped in bacon served with a brandy cream sauce
were really in my garden,
Long story short, I had to go to the doctor about another blood clot in my leg. After the appointment I informed my boss, who was worried, that I didn't have a CLIT (yup, the female part) .....when it should have said CLOT. My boss is hot which makes it 10 times worse. Classy, ay?!
The virtual world of OZ has been hacked and a malicious virus, known as LoveMachine, is systematically tearing it to pieces, and literally “absorbing” users. The thing is, though, is that OZ is like Facebook, only bigger. The virtual world presented in Summer Wars is fully integrated with the entire society at large: businesses are run in OZ; public services, like traffic control and emergency access, are coordinated through OZ; even infrastructure, like electricity and water, are controlled in OZ. In short, the entire country is running on OZ.
Peter was never outside. Only one time (in 4 weeks) when we were walking around the building did we see him. He was sitting in a small ambulance-car on a caregiver's lap, probably ready to leave for a medical appointment. The door was open. He was smaller than I thought he would be. I didn't want to stare and get in trouble, but that was the only time I saw him.
Organise!
Anyone who believes this is really over is off with the fairies. He's not going to just sit on the back bench and work for the reelection of the government. The only question is how long he will take to show his hand.
Handsome Furs, PJ Harvey, Young Galaxy, Rubik
This - believe it or not - has caused a bit of a storm, at least in Twitterdom.
It’s strictly research. Daddy research. Honest.
Driskill Mountain is a landform created by the erosion of unlithified Paleogene sediment. Its summit consists of nonmarine quartz sands. These sands overlie shallow marine and coastal clays, silts, and sands of the Cook Mountain Formation, which form the bulk of Driskill Mountain.
She scurried past Bartholomew with a wave and slammed her hand on the call button of the elevator. She breathlessly put her new key into the control panel and turned it allowing her access to press the button to the top floor.
It’s thinking that you’re a bad father. It’s thinking that you’re a good father because you have to put up with things that other parents don’t, and that must set you apart. It’s instantly realising that this is foolish martyrdom that doesn’t contain a grain of truth. It’s wandering through a pedestrianized shopping district in your lunch hour, reflecting on the possibility that no other child is as difficult to handle as yours is. It’s looking around at the screaming boy being led away from the cake window at Greggs and realising that this isn’t true either. It’s knowing about the experiences of friends, and counting your blessings.
We have ceased to dream of eternity
Not one but three Brisbane girls will be starring as Annie, the trio sharing the coveted red wig.
The original Zorro rode to fight oppression in colonial Mexico (which, by the way, included Arizona). He’s riding again today, the national teach-in for spreading word of the Tuscon book ban. Zorro’s original band of followers dubbed themselves “the Avengers.” And it was ultimately the Avengers who ended state corruption in their fictionalized New Spain.
In the not-so-distant past, being single was often a sign of failure. Many people considered single women lonely creatures who couldn’t attract a partner. Though some stigma still remains, research conducted by Kay Trimberger, a visiting scholar at the University of California at Berkeley, reveals that for all women, including singles, the intimacy of being in a couple is not a requirement for leading a fulfilling and successful life. There are other ways to find happiness.
Lilly: "You're not going to the future."
I love food. As in, REALLY love food! I've never been very successful at actually doing so, but I am interested in growing food, foraging, and dumpster diving, as well as sharing and trading food, farmers markets, and basically anything that involves me getting food. I love cooking, cooking for others, and eating. I love trying new foods, new restaurants, and I even like doing food prep. I'm vegetarian, and have been since age eight, but though I don't really plan to change my diet anytime soon, or start cooking with meat, I'm no longer as attached to the idea of always being vegetarian as I used to be (though I know if I do start eating meat at some point, I will be VERY picky.).
One of the things I really like about steampunk is that it's much more than a literary genre. There's steampunk fashion and steampunk art and steampunk music and, definitely, a hard to define steampunk personal ethos. Of these, steampunk fashion gives the biggest clue. It puts functional components back in the open. Buttons are numerous and shiny. Belts are thick and big-buckled. Cogs and pistons are in evidence. Mechanical enhancements are attached. There are goggles.
in front of the wall are several people, looking closely at the wall
Today’s lunch was a good one for so many reasons:
Thing is, there was no evening birdsong. Most of the summer visitors had departed. And those that were still around were looking for winter habitat. Wrens can bundle together in numbers up to twenty-two in one disused nest. Body heat is the only thing that keeps out the cold. Wrens were doing a big business in re-roofing spring nests – for future reference.
The reason this prayer, which we term “The Our Father”, is so important is because it is foundational to establishing the appropriate spiritual attitude of faith which underlies our ability to serve Him as His Children and fully committed disciples. That is why many have stated that this prayer really ought to have been named “The Disciples Prayer”.
For Meyer, the final nail in the coffin for self-organization models is the structure of the DNA molecule itself. Self-organizational models require that there be multiple chemical bonds of differing strength that are capable of determining a specific arrangement of chemicals. The DNA molecule, however, lacks the chemical bonds necessary to create such bonding affinities. There is only one chemical bond (N-glycosidic bond) that bonds each nucleotide base to its binding site on the sugar-phosphate backbone, so there is no chemical property along either of the two backbones that can determine the order in which nucleotides bind to it.[3] Any of the four nucleotide types can attach themselves to any binding site on the backbone with equal ease, no one being favored over another.
Oh, that means no work on Friday for me either as I will be traveling to see her walk across the stage to get her hood.
When I saw that Hank Shaw was coming into town I could barely contain my excitement. Then I saw that it was happening at a time we couldn't make it. Then I saw that he was also coming to Rhode Island to Farmstead and Laiterie. Afterall, a dinner made by Farmstead 's Matthew Jennings and New Rivers, Beau Vestal could not be missed. Especially if it were Hank Shaw inspired. I grabbed reservations for Dr. Foods birthday. I can't tell you how happy I am that I did.
A grim countdown calendar ticks downward, day after day, with a fateful cut-off to determine whether or not a child will live or die.
That said, all can be enlarged with just a click.
She was doing the best that she thought she could at the time with the limited skill set and knowledge that she had. Had she known differently, she would have acted differently. As a mother myself – and not just your mother, but the mother of two sons and a soon-to-be-born daughter – I can see that now.
Carman’s ability to cover any style of music, from Gospel/R&B to Rock-a-Billy, from ballads to Hip-Hop, made him appealing to all walks-of-life. The name “Carman” assured listeners that his albums would take its listeners on a journey that wasn’t just an all-American cultural trip through popular musical styles, but was also a deep walk into all things theological. Take the song Yahweh, as an example. It’s from Carman’s 1983 album Sunday’s On The Way:
Most of his lyrics are more masonic then you can understand, because what I’ve discovered is that Jay-z uses his lyrics to brainwash the mass to believe they can do what he did and this isn’t true.
the gap.
If we're going to expand the Federal government (more, again, still), let's not pretend the Republicans didn't oversee the largest such expansion ever.
Sucks. Took two sips from the glass and pour the rest of it down the drain.
I love you mother!
I think his Army days and experience with people from all walks of life all over Europe and Asia gave him a real feel for his fell0w-man. He loved everybody.
Now, that's a good deal!
I want to put this on record now. I don’t believe that Atkinson favoured either team. Yes, the sending off was in Liverpool’s favour but there were a number of other challenges that should’ve been punished considerably harsher than they were included a particularly X-rated challenge from Tony Hibbert that could and should have been a red card.
I have been in Conceivable, but not since I went through the change of life.
The rebellion, however, is not dead.
I love the cookie scoop and stone for my cookies!!! Anyway scoop cookies with medium cookie scoop and place about 12 on a pan . Bake 10-13 min
The GTX 670 is targeting the $399 price point, and Nvidia claims its new GPU is significantly faster than the best AMD can offer.
Jewel case CD (w/8 page booklet)
2) Serve with the glutinous rice.
Salade au Chèvre Chaud
I'm also waaaaay behind on my books read list, aren't I? Can I reach my goal of 52 for the year?
I know what the problem is with the world today and our vicious spending habits. We don’t want to save our money. We don’t want to live tighter than our means to live better later. We don’t want to see our money build up in a bank account.
And what about this? Omg! I nearly died when I saw this at Scout. It is toooo cute! I told Paul I wanted to do all the tables like this for the wedding but he's not convinced. I'm working on him haha.
The family noticed a sign at the trail head that noted that campsite #68 was closed due to aggressive bear activity, but there was no notice about the bald, or the Forney Ridge Trail, so they pressed on. The mom led the way, the two boys next, and the father brought up the rear - an arrangement that allowed for the maximum protection of the youngsters...just in case...
I’ve finally woken up to the fact that I only have a few days left in Spain and even fewer left in San Sebastian. I’ve spent less money than I expected, and so it is time to spend my surplus! But the cheapo cynic in me still isn’t interested in spending 100+ Euros at Arzak, or even 55 Euros at Kokotxo. Another student at Lacunza, a retiree with enough money to spend at more expensive places, said one of his favorite meals was the 36-Euro menú de degustación at Casa Urbano. And so off I went.
So, why do we need libraries?
Patrick Wall was a special kind of monk. He was a fixer. The Catholic church sent him to problem parishes where priests had been removed because of scandal. His job was to come in, keep events from going public and smooth things over until a permanent replacement priest was found. But after four different churches in four years, after covering up for pedophiles and adulterers and liars and embezzlers he decided to make a change. Carl Marziali tells his story. (21 minutes)"
Rev. W. Heber Wright, M.A., of Trinity College, Dublin, Vicar of St. George's, Worthing.
Really dude? ‘ISPs need to improve bandwidth quickly?‘ I’m sure the executives will get right on that after reading your asinine post. And it’s f—ing idiot fan boys like this moron that really piss me off. I remember the 90′s, when fast internet connections started to proliferate. ISPs clung to their bandwidth like conservatives cling to Fox talking points. When it looked like the gaming revolution would eat up a lot of their precious bandwidth they discussed ways to block games from accessing their networks. They still cling to their bandwidth like Donald Trump’s balding, empty head does to his toupee; for dear life. A single Hi-Def movie is roughly 3.5 GB in data. Multiply that by Netflix’s customer base and that’s roughly 84,000,000 GB of data. Your ISP currently freaks out when you use more than 2 GB of data. You do the math.
Balloons. Manchester City. Cock ups. What can you say? The urge for City fans is to say "typical City" - that's almost become Mantra over the years. Whatever can go wrong WILL go wrong. Roll on the "minute's silence".
SOUTH READING 3 (Lyden 37 86 A Kingsbeer 90)
Last week I mentioned a new endeavor and a potential new face for CC, displacing the Friday Five, and refocusing my blog identity. And while I still intend to do most of that, I came to several conclusions about Constructive Compulsion and what it means to me.
4) Add in half of the peanut first and stir. Then add in the rest of peanut,kafir lime leaf, turmeric leaf and meat. Add in a cup of water and simmer again for 5 minutes.
“I never had big dreams. (But) I had small yet realistic ones,” he says modestly. “Big visions come from small dreams,” Ang adds.
That was in Damascus where Saul of Tarsus was converted, later to be the Apostle Paul.
In short, the church is a terrible place at times; ugly; malformed; malnourished; distorted; unlovely; unkempt; and yet, strangely enough, among the church (es) is the place John tells us he saw Jesus: “And when I turned I saw seven golden lampstands, and among the lampstands was someone like a son of man, dressed in a robe reaching down to his feet and with a golden sash around his chest” (Rev 1:12b-13, TNIV).
Once we were settled then the feasting began. Kates mum is a fantastic cook and this year decided that we weren't going to have a sit down meal, but lots and lots of nibbles. And believe me, there were a lot. Plate after plate came out, a never ending parade of delights that all looked delicious. The next few hours were lost in a sea of Brie and Cranberry parcels, honey and mustard glazed sausages, tiny Indian and Chinese bites, and many, many more. By the end of it I was half slumped on the sofa, tears of defeat running freely down my cheeks and the meat shakes hitting my body from overindulgence.
I did the full workout in 2 circuits, waited an hour and half (a bad storm hit and I decided to chill and wait it out...tornado warnings, etc) and then 2 more full circuits when the storm was done. It was a great workout! I know I will be feeling it in the morning! Anyone looking to start a workout or to diversify the one that they are doing, I would HIGHLY recommend getting a kettlebell!
"Well, what I mean is that everything dies, everything breaks apart. Then it comes together again. And this stuff can be anything when it comes together again. It's strange enough that it becomes a living thing at all. Even stranger still that it becomes you, or it becomes me. What are the chances of that?"
Tapper: did you actually write the Ron Paul
Like to peep through these windows,
When I knew I was going to pursue writing a novel, I applied for a New Writers Bursary with Kathryn’s support. I didn’t think I had a chance, but I decided to try for it anyway. Again, my goal was very specific and measurable. I made sure my project came across as worth supporting, and, again, stated that I would see it through. Of course, there were low periods when I wondered whether I would succeed, but I was driven to complete what I had set into motion.
This was the perfect October read! Ghost on Black Mountain by author Ann Hite is everything the cover says it is; haunting, eerie, dark and unnerving. Told in the voices of five different women who all have different portions of the story to tell, the author did an excellent job of binding the story together in those separate voices. The story is set in rural depression-era North Carolina, we first meet Nellie, a young girl who, while serving meals in a soup kitche n, meets and falls head over heals for Hobbs Pritchard, a man eight years her senior. Nellie's mama immediately see's that Hobbs is a bad man and what she see's in her tea leaves confirms this fear. Ignoring her mama's warnings, Nellie runs off and marries Hobbs anyway. He immediately moves her to his empty, (or is it?) family home on Black Mountain.
I just wanna kiss you now
The windstar stopped at the next intersection for a red light. I pulled up beside her, put my passenger window down and told her "You are some fuckin lucky!"
Meanwhile, the application rate for second-timers in non-mature estates declined to 6.7 from 20.7 in January’s BTO exercise.
5. Have you started Christmas shopping? Decorating? Listening to Christmas music?
DJ Sumbody: I have sold over a thousand copies within just 3 weeks of release and apparently that is good for a DJ brand and very rare.
Jaunt in retro-style
No I have only one and that is to shift the unhealthy amount of excess weight that I have carried around for too long.
Hello! I have a rather bright card for you today which is not normal for me...but I do like the way it turned out!
He blinked, not sure he understood anything that had happened so far. He figured the two of them would dance around the topic of Cassandra, and here Calliope had said her name, torn open the wounds, making them bleed fresh, like it had happened yester…
And I ate the Hot Pockets. It was everything I hoped for and more. It was bliss.
Lovebug even asked me where he is in the picture on the left, and... "Am I wearing a dress, Mom?"
Although the inn looks to be a building snuggled up against Castle Rock, the inn also consists of areas carved into the Rock, creating cave-like rooms, and is connected to a labyrinth of sandstone caves below. When visiting, a tour of the caves can be arranged but, unfortunately, not when we visited in January (off-season).
A political debate should involve conservative candidates shouting "with what money?!", with an incredulous expression on his/her face, every time some leftard opens his/her fat mouth to spew forth an "idea".
the quick dart of her snout when i accidentally drop an apple slice on the floor.
YAAAYYY!!! Occupy Wall Street is back… to terrorize people and spread disease in its filthy camps. They have big plans for tomorrow, May 1st, also known as May Day, also known as International Workers Day. I guess it shouldn’t surprise anyone that Occupy Wall Street is back now that the weather is getting warmer; it’s not like the protesters have jobs they have to go to or anything.
Also, just like with the individual, the judging types provide an important counter-balance to the perceiving types. Both thinking and feeling functions are willing to adjust and eliminate what seems unnecessary or wrong. They also aid in negotiating conflicts between two forms preserved in tradition that have come into some form of conflict. Extroverted Thinkers and Feelers ask after the value of a practice, distinguishing values and ideas that seem to underlie or organize the forms of Introverted Sensation.
In this season in my life, when I want to push the pain away I am more and more feeling the presence of my God pushing me to embrace it...to enter in and to feel it. The greatest compassion comes from a heart that has known pain. Though uncomfortable, I am honored to share in his suffering. I pray that he continues to use my pain for His good and for Him to give me the courage and strength to enter into the pain of others and show them the comfort He has shown me. February might be a tough month for us but it is also a sacred month...I know His grace will be enough...it always is.
There are so many applications for this plaque. The girls could make them during an activity. They cost less to make than a birthday card bought at a store, so you could make them for the girls as a birthday gift. They could be given to Young Women as they enter the program. Mothers and daughters can make them together. Etc. Etc. Etc.
And birth.
Demonstrable truth is not the only kind of truth that is operational in our societies. As French philosopher Michel Foucault (1926-1984) pointed out, there are many kinds of truth, and many different ways of speaking the truth. The problem with assuming that modern scientific (demonstrable) truth is the only form of truth is that it leads us to overlook other forms of truth, even while we make use of them. Such is the case with poetic truth. This form of truth dates back to ancient times. It was challenged by Socrates and defeated by the intellectual culture that grew up in Socrates’ wake.
Peter Van Eyck usually played Nazi officers. His last movie role was in 1969 as General Von Brock in “The Bridge At Remagen.”
Anyway I took this idea from another designer named Teneale Williams. I liked what she did but made it mine as well. It is just so sweet and I know Jenn will love it. Thanks for listening. Leslie
Regular Beers (styles in parenthesis): ESB (British Extra Special Bitter), IPA (India Pale Ale), Porter, Stout
Candy Land Long Vowel Game by Mel D of Seusstastic Classroom Inspirations: "This unique game is one of over 50 games I have to offer! Over 18 pages of long vowel words are on "look-alike" Candy Land cards. All you need is a game board & game pieces. Print, laminate & cut & use for years to come. These games can be used during Daily 5, tutoring, literacy stations, Daily 5 Math, RTI, ELL, Title 1 groups, homeschooling & more! The possibilities are endless!" (K-3)
30 Burpee Over-The-Box Jumps 24/20″
Disclaimer : I own my plot. Cho KyuHyun is belong to SME.
Dozens of parolees arrested in LA-area sweep
The site will launch Oct. 24th which will coinside with the beginning of the fest. Mark your calendars because that there is your official start date!
In my Derby Dozen, Creative Cause is listed on top, followed by Union Rags. I may have to rethink my position. Trainer Michael Matz schooled the son of Dixie Union in the paddock at Keeneland earlier this week and I don’t know if I’ve ever seen a horse look more the picture of health. The sun reflected off his bronze coat, with dapples the size of quarters. His muscled flanks looked like washboards, like the old Tootsie Roll candies we used to eat. It was akin to how Rhythm looked before the 1990 Travers’ Stakes, when I rushed from the roof of the Saratoga press box to bet on him based upon looks alone.
9. Stealin’ (Christiansen) 3:41
Some fold or twist of the Sherim put the image of the Axtli and the croft just to his left, even though by the lie and curve of the threads around him Rel could tell that the monster - and the way back to safety - was behind him. The creature was a cloud of needles again; three sets, all pointing identically at Dora, and yet two of the sets pointing beyond her and around through the convoluted structure of the Sherim to Rel and Taslin. By the length of the needles, the thing knew where they were, but could no longer identify them as food.
Me: Um, a squid?
Merry Christmas to you all and all the best in 2011!
The development of women’s roles bring greater dimension to the show and serves as a reminder to society that although it is less prominent, women are still objectified and are forced to work harder to gain respect in the workplace. Their femininity is mistaken for weakness and their empathy for lack of objectivity. For the past five seasons, it’s the female characters who have made the show so engaging.
The Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard (1813–1855) wrote: “If I were to wish for anything, I should not wish for wealth and power, but . . . for the eye which, ever young and ardent, sees the possible.”
9) SNP administrations will work with private and public sector partners and appropriate voluntary groups to maximise the tourism potential of their areas.
The more I look back, the more it's shaping up that 1987 was the SECOND worst year for movies.
fighters imprisoned in the US, known as the Cuban Five, but also to the
“Pink Day” is carried out with fans writing “Return Jaebum” on a pink envelope with money which is placed in a Salvation Army box.
FALSE TEACHINGS OF NEW AGE "HEALERS"
7 Les Skate
HÁ: It’s true!
The Mozilla Foundation’s Asa Dotzler has updated the organization’s Firefox roadmap for 2012. Alongside the usual plans for improving the browser’s performance, the document lays out additional goals. Mozilla wants to make Firefox a browser that emphasizes personal security/privacy while simultaneously making it easier to share information across social networks. Dotzler writes: “Mozilla will be broadening its product offerings to include a web-wide people-centric identity system, a complete web apps ecosystem, and a no-compromises mobile browser.”
Mmmkay.
When I spent time with granddaughters this past weekend, the four-year old was very focused on valentines. This is the first year that she understands it. She wanted me to show her how to make hearts out of construction paper. We cut out several “ice cream cone” shapes along the fold of the paper before she got the hang of it. Then there was no stopping her. I think she made over 20 hearts.
“go to your mother”
I've marched and had a shout about it in Manchester a few weeks ago. I'm not sure what good it will do but I was inspired by all the kids on the march, handmade banners from families trying to stop cuts that will affect them, and a lot of passion.
Banana Man: You got it.
The theme of this year’s Convention is “Space, Place, and the McLuhan Legacy.” The theme reflects the University of Alberta’s celebrations in 2011 of the birth of the influential scholar and public figure Marshall McLuhan in Edmonton, Canada, on July 21, 1911.
Day 5: (Platelets 82,000)
Pete turned to his son-in-law, “Get into position upstairs. The front bedroom will give you a good view of most of the yard.”
‘A down economy may actually give impetus to flexibility because most options save money or are cost-neutral,’ Hill said. ‘Flexible work options are associated with higher job satisfaction, boosting morale when it may be suffering in a down economy.’
That’s it for me. This has been a word vomit post of catastrophic proportions.
“Woah… ok I know I haven’t been keeping everyone all up to date and stuff but there’s no need for tomato throwing… Seriously. I’m wearing white, that stuff stains…”
I have been thinking a lot about covetousness lately and the sneaky way it can creep into our lives without our realizing it. We recently heard a lesson at Highway on "Our Conversation", and this verse really jumped out at me:
Hosted in a packed Jolodium banquet hall in Notre-Dame-des-Prairies, Quebec, about an hour north of Montreal, the event was the fifth amateur card put on by Sensai Dominic Morin, leader of the nearby Kanreikai karate fight school.
10. Fennel seeds, ¼ teaspoon.
H) Those focusing on products are struggling with complexity of the communications challenge and holistic meaningful data and impact studies.
Electronic skin can be applied to many places on the human body. For instance, electronic skin was applied to a human arm in the upcoming video below. In addition, some articles about electronic skin include a photo of a man who is peeling off the electronic skin that he wore on his forehead. The photo can be found at the following: link
Below the sea,
La Chupacabra! For fun I am doing a couple of small posters for a Nueve de Mayo party that is hosted by my friend Nathan. It's getting me to think a bit outside of what I normally work on, because it's not every day you have a subject like the La Chupacabra, which is good, since I like challenges, I am just hoping it turns out the way I want it to, and that the host likes them!
200g all purpose flour
Yes, back to this work........
It wasn't hard to spot what had earned his attention. The grass was bent flat in clumps, green stems silvered by moisture, reflecting daylight made grey by the cloud cover. Footprints, spaced wide. It could just have been the Wilder, long-legged and striding as it arrived for the rescue. But why not arrive by Gate? Or, if the trail was left by someone leaving, why not leave by Gate as well? Rel would have been able to tell.
Suppressing our grief can do the same thing to us. Denying we feel it. Thinking we don’t have to face it is trying to hold it all in and under, and it will wear us down. It will make us sick. It will find ways to surface anyway, you see.
test of a really good cook – if you don’t get your temperature, speed and
Chopped chilli
We can advertise movies without causing partial to permanent damage to our brains and/or eyes!
What if it never comes back. Life without that spanko frisson and thrill is pancake flat. What can I do? If there was a pill to take I'd get a jar and start popping (Vitamin S maybe).
#31 Doolittle by Ben Sisario
So, please, don’t let your promise to explore new avenues of story telling be just lip service, and don’t rely on outsourced story tellers to continue what the Journal of Justice began, and you don’t need to ditch the journal of justice if you do intend of exploring new story telling avenues.
I just thought I'd get a head start on my New Years resolutions and just do my blog redesign already-- something I had been wanting to do since switching to Blogger, when I went with the pre-made template until I could come up with something a little more personal.
Israeli analyst Gerald Steinberg says one technical problem is foreign sabotage, such as the Stuxnet computer virus, which invaded Iran's nuclear facilities. It is widely believed that the virus was planted by Israel.
David Horovitz
Feed a sterling silver bead on the the 18-gauge wire, followed by the copper enameled bead and another sterling silver bead. Wrap the end of the wire to secure the beads. Trim excess wire, if any, with a wire cutter. File the ends smooth using a barrette needle file.
We’re also going to video all of our efforts, by the way. More on this below.
More from TrekMovie:
The one year old girl who was part of our group was pretty confused by this whole Disneyland thing. She had no idea where we were or what was going on and just kind of had this perplexed expression permanently plastered on her face the whole time. Wednesday and I felt kind of bad for her and decided to take her on The Many Adventures of Winnie The Pooh ride.
Ever since Steven Spielberg burst unto the scene with “Jaws” movie marketing has never been the same. What was once the boring and uneventful summer months between festivals and awards season became a time for distributing all those bis summer blockbusters. Do you remember those times you read about a movie in the local papers or (for me even less frequently) you saw an announcement in a cinema magazine. Now you are now bombarded with teasers, trailers or even teasers for trailers. But is this really necessary? Do we really need to be reminded about an upcoming movie every other commercial break? Or would be one ad ever so often actually be better because it can create curiosity but doesn’t tell too much to spoil the fun?
Under Obamanomics, the only checks people are receiving is unemployment and welfare checks.
I found my curl! I am so excited and have received so many compliments. Shrinkage is my only dilemma, and I’ve decided to no longer worry about that. My hair shrinks about 75-80% of it’s true length. It just is what it is!
The attack on social justice is the tack of those who wish to ignore the concerns the poor and ignore the social structures that foster poverty. It's not hard to see why people are tempted to do so. How much easier it would be if we didn't have to worry about the poor!
Jazz, classical, comedians, dramatists, any kind of auditory art can be found at Bass Hall. There, on the corner of 4th and Calhoun, I saw my very first piano concert, when I was nine. The pianist was Olga Kern, performing with the Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra shortly after her famous Van Cliburn win. I don't remember what she played, but I can honestly say that I have found such expression and musical passion rare.
KM finished up some areas, but will not be taking a full break over the next two weeks as she has to complete her Literature Skype class which doesn't end until 3/28. She has also decided to keep watching the Liberty Kids episodes and may need to do one or two other things as she is HOPING to have her turn to on the road with CJ the first week of April. This will also be an interesting endeavor as has never been away from me for more than two nights and although I know she will be fine and CJ will take good care of her, I will also be staying at home all alone for the FIRST TIME EVER - dun, dun, DUN! I will be fine, but will probably not know what to do with myself after the first day. I bet they will come back and the whole house will be rearranged, organized and unrecognizable.
“No delays on human conversation.”
Priscilla Lysak
I watched Pearl Jam Twenty over the weekend. Pearl Jam is a band that was the inception of my teenage years and introduced me to some of the most amazing people I have the pleasure of knowing. These people, whether they knew it or not, lifted me up in a time (high school) when I was so lost. They introduced me to a whole new world. A world where I could have an opinion. A world where I could find friendship, love, life and everything in between.
The self righteous ones. The ones that told me to ignore Jack,do what you want to do and act like you are having fun.
9) That I always imagined I would be HOT in the hospital when under stress/pressure, but was VERY Cold- need to amend the contents of my hospital bag.
The latest from the gorgeous singer is a very sexy music video for the song, “Blue Jeans”. Beautifully done in black and white, a daunting ripple effect is used to steam up Del Rey and her video boyfriend’s interactions. Hurry and press play.
Reacting to Spain’s worsening economic and financial outlook, S&P on Thursday downgraded Spanish government debt to triple-B-plus from single-A. S&P cited a worse-than-expected deterioration of Spain’s budget trajectory since last year, and a likelihood that the government will need to provide aid to the banking sector, which has been hit by mounting real-estate losses.
I promise I'm not getting paid or anything to promote this program, but I just loooooove it so much. Lately, I have been repainting my nails once weekly. It's the little things people. I hope you enjoy!!
The chief went back to his people and ordered them to collect every scrap of firewood they could find. Two weeks later the chief called the national weather service. "Are you absolutely sure that the winter is going to be very cold?" he asked.
I only did a few changes because I didn't want to go to the store just to buy some baking soda and butter so I used salted butter and more baking powder, but nevertheless the cake was (please note the use of the word "was" XD) still moist and delicious.
I hope you can find some time to play along with us this week, I would love to see what you come up with, create a card or scrapbook page with this sketch and then go to Karen's blog and link up your project for all of us to see.
I did not foresee the daily exodus down the plughole in my shower. Increasingly now I fear the moment of having to wash or brush my hair because of the frightening number of strands that come away in my hands.
KARACHI (APP): Diagnosis and timely treatment can markedly improve the chances of survival of the majority of children born with congenital heart disease, so that they can live active lives as adults.This was stated by Dr Babar Hasan, Consultant Paediatric Cardiologist, Aga Khan University Hospital (AKUH).
“If he allowed Goofy to keep his costume on, I should imagine his lawyer would be able to negotiate a plea bargain of indecent exposure,” I said.
You know I'm not the great black-back
-Thomas Hardy, Under the Greenwood Tree, courtesy of litquotes.com
If you're already registered and you're drawn as a winner, you can choose a 50% refund of your Spring Training purchase price OR a $25 gift certificate to use on anything you want on ellapublishing.com!
He ran into her in the super market, literally bumping into her (never mind that the intervention had a serious lack in tact). This time she looked at him, meaning him, and said she was sorry for being so clumsy, and he discovered the sweetness of her voice when she wasn’t running her own personal hive. And for one very brief moment, he felt the softness of a woman’s body. But embarrassment and the need to voice an apology were not what stopped her short in the act of moving away from him and going on with her way.
Dancouga ended in December 1985, however there was no rest for Obari as 1986 was a busy year for him. While he continued his work with Ashi, with the first two episodes of Machine Robo and the last 3 episodes of Ninja Senshi Tobikage, he also began working in other parts of the industry. During this year, he tweeted, he worked part-time with Kaname Production, the studio that animated the Birth OVA just 2 year before in 1984. During his short time with Kaname Pro, it seems he participated in some episodes of Hokuto no Ken and Saint Seiya. He was not credited for these, my guess is likely because he was still fairly young and contracted to Ashi Pro at the time and both of those shows were made by Toei who were most likely a rival studio. The episodes of Saint Seiya were #5 and #9 – while he tweeted he also worked on Hokuto no Ken, he can’t quite recall which episodes they were and again he’s not credited, but he does recall working with Ochi Kazuhiro who was the animation director on episodes #59, #71 and #90, so it is likely he worked on at least one of these episodes.
I’m taking today off. Aside from the fact that I had to get up at 4:45am this morning to catch a flight to Las Vegas for work, I’m sore. And I looked at what’s on the Stretch DVD, and I’m not interested in more Vinyashas. Not today. I will stretch, though. Just on my own. I figure that leaves me some room for improvement over Phase 1.
They're still working hard on drugs, and doing gene studies looking at what factors make people susceptible. I'm an optimist. At some point we may have something that actually nips a cold in the bud. It would be a great thing if somebody in the household gets a cold, everybody else takes a nasal spray and nobody else gets sick. I feel like we're not too far off from something like that. There are some promising drugs in the pipeline. But it's been a really tough nut to crack.
It's as if my house is filled with light. I come home and colors are more vivid, sounds more brilliant, and smells more delicious. I am filled with contentment; the message 'everything will be alright' beats through me. I love coming home, particularly because home is filled with music.
4) Instead of judging other mamas' choices, try putting yourself in their shoes. You may not have chosen to do the same, but you realize that they are just doing their best. And for those really hard to crack nuts, those always-have-to-be-right types, well all you can do is send them some light and love and move on.
Happy Saturday! I know I don't usually post on the weekends, but today I have a special reason ~ it's the 25th and that means it's time to show off the latest Diners Club set from Gourmet Rubber Stamps called Prescription for Spring.
If you see the big bang as a big GOOD, and if you want to move beyond inner peace to outer enlightenment, this book will be a good guide book for your new evolution.
Can't get rid of the darn thing.........
-Creative intelligence–the dynamic synergy of active and quiet mind skills.
-Nerds know what makes them happy, and they pursue them without much hesitation
Pumpkin spice mix
The last experiment to try,
What happens in the developing world?
Ehrenreich’s negative response to the cheerleaders of the cancer community was a major prompt for her 2009 book examining the positive thinking industry.
2. Do you interrupt to ask questions and take the discussion in your own direction?
There’s probably still more room for price reductions but it’s been heartening these past couple of weeks to have a pretty good invemtory of reasonably-priced houses to show clients. Buyers want value and if I can show them that then everyone’s happy. I’m cautiously optimistic that we’re going to have a good spring market.
I think I've missed at least two if not three WIP Wednesdays. The last couple of weeks at Chez Sunshine, I've been concentrating on the two swaps I'm in.
By the end of the school year I will assist our program mentor in giving an in-service workshop to our current teaching staff on how to implement financial literacy into their already existing curriculum. This will ensure that financial literacy becomes a staple in the learning achieved at the SBI family literacy academies.
Extremely elegant and simple! They add a touch of girly to any outfit ♥
Esther 4:1 When Mordecai perceived all that was done, Mordecai rent his clothes, and put on sackcloth with ashes, and went out into the midst of the city, and cried with a loud and a bitter cry;
Kitchen remodel update: Not much new happening, just waiting on the crown and shoe molding to arrive. BUT it is allowing me to get everything put in it's place. Tomorrow I will share some of the fun little kitchen goodies that just make me SMILE!
3.”Since we have now been justified by His blood, how much more shall we be saved from God’s wrath through him!”-Romans 5:9(NIV)
Frozen vegetarian kidney is available at some wet or dry market stall that sells beansprouts and tofu.
So where does that leave me? Well, I'm not entirely sold on the idea that Mitt Romney is the most electable GOP candidate we have... but there is something to be said for having people skills. After all, what's the use of having a good record if you aren't able to use it to persuade anyone of anything? It would be nice if we had a candidate who offered the best of both worlds, but I don't see anyone out there who has a good record and also has the good people skills needed to sell it... so, at this point, I'm thinking maybe I could live with having Romney as our nominee.
E. Essential start to your day: Emmett snuggles
Denny’s second win is important. For one, if the bottom falls out on this team, they are going to make the Chase as a wild card. Two seems to be the magic number to qualify if you are out of the top ten in points. Secondly, it could be foreshadowing who is a title contender this year. After coming up short in 2010 to Jimmie Johnson and a forgetful 2011, the FedEx boys with new crew chief, Darian Grubb should not be taken lightly. Think about this, Darian Grubb as crew chief for Tony Stewart and Denny Hamlin, has won 7 of the last 18 races run in the Sprint Cup Series. I’m not good at math, but that’s almost 40% of the races won.
4. Jeopardy : the state of not being protected from injury, harm, or evil
"For outdoor workers, 'water, rest and shade' are three words that can make the difference between life and death," Labor Secretary Hilda Solis said Monday in a news release. "If employers take reasonable precautions, and look out for their workers, we can beat the heat."
“Everybody looked at us weird,” Solorzano told the Sun Sentinel. “I understand now everything she went through and how hard it must have been. We just wore it for one day, and we noticed the difference.”
It takes a while for our eyes to get used to the inside of this small dark Byzantine church and I was not yet in a state to be able to make out the medieval frescoes. Suddenly the door opens behind us and an elderly village lady, dressed in black bustles into the church and proceeds to do some aggressive tidying up whilst pointedly avoiding any eye contact. She clearly does not welcome our presence and so, feeling intimidated, we make our exit.
Your perfect curves;
He was stripped of his licence to work as a journalist in 2005, but continued to write for the US-based news forum EthioMedia, which is banned in Ethiopia.
The reason for yesterday's trip to the Met was to see the Alexander McQueen exhibit but the line was 2.5 hours long . . . not worth it with the kids. But it's worth it to me! I already have a babysitter lined up so I can see the exhibit before it closes on Friday. I can't wait!
I chose to write Michael because I wanted to explore how it felt to live through a situation without resolution. At the time, someone I knew was fighting cancer, a life of illness, treatment, remission, illness, treatment, remission, then illness again. I also knew someone who had suffered severe brain damage. In both cases, these were people I cared about, but both of them were loved by people I loved. In both cases, it was wrong to give up hope, but in some ways hope was more difficult than acceptance. Since I didn't want to write anything too specifically about these people, I chose to explore the dilemma by writing about a missing person.
“Wow,” one of my friends said. “Usually when I dream, I’m just like, riding my bike and then a shark appears. Then I wake up.”
As for now..
tarragon
The wind blows as if we really are in West Texas. It used to quit blowing when the sun went down, but now it blows on through the night, rattling the planks on the house outside the bedroom. When day dawns, it’s still breezy outside. And the sun’s not even up.
Certainly blurs the line when having a discussion on who is instructing / advising the athlete. The coach is looking at performance - but answers to someone other than the athlete in many cases. The agent is looking at earnings and how to achieve them. But he too answers to someone other than the athlete - typically a management group or a shoe company. The shoe company and meet promoters are looking at a combination of performance and appearances, with the goal being to make money off of the appearances and performances of the athlete. Physical therapists, nutritionists, masseuses are looking at how to affect physical fitness and therefore performance - and of course the better the athlete does the better they get paid.
photo by John S. Turner via Wikipedia
Like the birds of a feather
It is true. The best tools writers have for educating themselves in the craft of writing are the writing of others.
President Hamid Karzai received a large number of votes from the Pashtun south and southeast. The nationalist Afghan Mellat is a popular party among urban Pashtuns. There is no truth to the statement that Pashtuns lack representation in the current power structure in Afghanistan. In fact, non-Pashtun ethnic politicians complain of the opposite – that Pashtuns hold most key ministries in President Karzai’s administration.
Once you’ve austere anniversary of the contest in the hub, you can yield on a boss, like a dragon or an octopus, in a head-to-head race. Your accolade for assault the bang-up is to do anniversary advance again. But this time, you’ll be benumbed on a self-guided abracadabra carpet, and all you allegation to do is pop dozens of balloons that are placed forth the advance by borer the awning with your stylus. You can aswell aggregate bill by arid them into your wallet in the bend of the screen. These challenges are in actuality simple, but they’re fun and absolute addicting, abnormally if you’re aggravating to pop every abandoned balloon. Hopefully you adore the airship challenges, because the bold gets annoying afterwards that.
Youngman: Doctor, my arm hurts when I hold it up like this.
— Admit mistakes and correct them promptly.
Poverty is complex. There is no simple solution to the array of problems facing the world’s poor, mainly because the causes of poverty are heterogeneous – there are many of them and they are all related. Cashpor’s female clients and their families are not only income-poor; they are also time- and resource-poor. As women, they are responsible for the domestic chores, like cooking and child care, in addition to being microfinance clients and entrepreneurs – putting a serious burden on their time. Many rural families don’t have access to grid electricity and must instead rely on kerosene or wood-burning stoves for cooking, heating and light. Such poverty often means their daughters are pulled from school at a young age to help raise younger siblings or help the household earn money, stunting their ability to earn a good, reliable living. Grameen Foundation and Cashpor are providing these poor households with access to savings and credit, which are vital steps in addressing this complex issue.
A woman cannot directly teach a boy to be a man.
The Underworld series on the other hand isn't great, but it's no worse than the average story in Heavy Metal magazine and it employs a lot of classy Brit thespians like Michael Sheen and Bill Nighy and Beckinsale, who is a good actress, foxy, and damned hot without being tacky or sleazy in her skintight leather outfit. And they all play it dead straight. Sometimes something can be great just by being better than Resident Evil or Bloodrayne, and that's always been true if the greatness includes daring to return to moral ambivalence, like we had in the 1970s! So go get us, Kate! Believe me we deserve it, and man can we can take it - bad faith begone.
Amitabh
Today there's a Headphones special post!
We have an infinite capacity to mess things up, but we also have forever to get things right. There is a season for everything, including returning to our roots. That, my friends, is not an exercise in government, but an exercise in freedom and fraternity.
funny story, part two...
101. Winnie-the-Pooh - A.A. Milne
The several nights in the 20s we've had have finished the season for a number of annuals. I got some of them pulled and put on the compost pile. The front yard looks different without the gomphrenas. The perennials seem happy to have all the space. Next year, I won't give them the competition of the annuals, not as many, anyway.
‘The people didn’t say, “Hi, my name is.” They just went their separate ways after the kiss,’ Galdorisi said.
~Brenda Taggart
Desk Journal Refills. This is what I use for my journal (if you can call six entries in as many months a "journal"). I love it. Very heavy paper, no bleeding, no problem at all writing on both sides no matter what ink I use.
herbes de provence
To see their bond, to have these two perfect babies, it's wonderful. I love it.
On another note...the weather has been very warm here lately...today it looks to be cooling off...it is February after all! I hear talk of a possibility of rain tomorrow...I sure hope so...it has been so dry and windy here for such a long time and I am VERY over the wind!! I have gotten quite a bit of gardening done though...although ...then the wind picks up and blows all kind of stuff in my yard...the other day I went outside and thought I had a plastic bag tree...it was my tiny little Japanese Maple full of plastic grocery bags hanging from it!! Who knows where all of those bags came from...so calm air and some rain will be a very good thing!
We are now learning about what our new normal consists of and we have had a few bumps in the road and many modifications but things seem to be going smooth now. The girls see Jesse every Tuesday, every other Thursday, and every other weekend.
This can be a difficult skill to master. Drunkenness lends itself to numerous tell tale signs. There is the smell of liquor, which rarely dissipates quickly. There is the loss of control. The swaying, the stumbling, the falling over. These things happen when one is under the weather. Red, glassy eyes are also a dead giveaway. Speaking in a loud voice and slurring words to the point of inaudibility can also be a sign that one has consumed a little too much alcohol.
Thus the pedal-to-the-metal story skids to an abrupt halt. Even if Hank's explanation is too hastily accepted, the story still works. Aside from Milt Gross, has there ever been another master of the sequential narrative who naturally worked with such breakneck, helter-skelter pacing?
Manix! – Feel Reel Good
So who better to champion the art of long copy than CBS Outdoor, the London Underground media specialist?
The maiden is naive and innocent. The modern female protagonist is not always so simple, but neither is she as mature and knowledgeable as her evil or older counterparts. Older women are no longer controllable maidens and daughters. And if they have less sex appeal than younger women, they can’t even be oppressed through sexuality. They are equals with the men who dominant the power structures of society. Women who are old enough to have any power are a threat to the patriarchy, and so the patriarchy represents them as either powerless mothers, evil schemers, or victims of insanity.
Bitterness Units: 32
I didn't want to know and neither did Daniel, but I promised
We have seen the entire procession, over sixty minutes standing still in the middle of a crowd, my body aches and I need air. I once again wonder why I do this, and why it means so much to me. My husband prods me on to the plaza to sit and have a drink. We watch the locals greet each other with kisses, and warm salutations and can’t help but notice the once-overs the women give each other in their show of new Spring fashions.
Be sure to leave a comment (with your e-mail address) this week for a surprise book! Extra entries if you tweet, Facebook, or blog about this giveaway (leave a comment for each one)!
2 TBSP crushed red pepper
Quaffing potions and scrutinizing scrolls, the group once more took up battle positions about the hilltop perimeter; in the meantime, Meryk moved to begin etching out cruth galdr runes to better bolster the entrenched dwarven defenses. Aurakraul landed among the adventurers and their dwarven friends, setting several to panic at first–but soon enough the party parlayed with the green dragoness anew, gleaning briefly a recount of an effort made to penetrate the pall over the temple-city of Tsar–an unsuccessful endeavor. Committing to aiding once more in aid, the dragoness took to the air again–soon lost in the fog above.
I was listening to a US radio station the other night. Unusually, there were no phone-in, religious mania, or Tea Party elements to the show; so I’d imagine it gets minimal ratings. But this didn’t stop it from being one of the most interesting and bollocks-free broadcasts I’d heard for a long time.
The following package is currently installed:
As these thoughts bounced around in my massive bald head, I stepped to the counter and bought my tickets anyway. I drove to work without wasting a moment thinking about the changes my life would see if I somehow won. My neck is safe from the weight of multiple gold chains, and the beach realtors will not see me unless I’m renting a place for a week in the summer. On the bright side, I won’t have to worry about changing tax brackets or time zones. I was quite pleased to note that I wouldn’t be late for work.
Takin' action shots of your junkin' adventures.
And where do I go from here? I've struggled with depression and anxiety for much of my life. I'm drawn that way--it's in my bones. I put my pills in the medicine cabinet, and perhaps I will need to resort to them again. But for now, I'm at peace with my negative emotions. And am cognizant that they may occur, but will pass.
For example: For years I have had numerous kitchen items that I never use. These include an electric mixer that was my mothers but isn’t old enough to be considered an antique yet. I don’t need it. I also have a salad shooter that doesn’t work smoothly, a hand mixer, that smells like it is going to burn down the house, and various TV sold gadgets that my mother collected.
B. The Work Of The Lord vs. 2, 3
I never realize you have blue eyes!
myself. This card was made for a lovely fellow Docrafter, Sandra, who celebrated a very special birthday recently. I have also added a couple of "close-ups"
Every comment is sincerely appreciated!
She lives a block away from me.
Guan Eng moved out from the official residence in Macalister Road in June 2009 when the renovations were in full progress, promising to move back but we all know how often DAP leaders lied. It’s already three years and our dear leader hasn’t move back.
So let's examine the less glamorous side of publishing. My author’s ancient dictionary lists a second definition of “to publish” as “to issue copies of a book for sale to the public”. This might have been the case when print runs were hugely expensive, but that definition went out of date with the arrival of print-on-demand years ago, and with ebooks it’s possible to publish in this sense of the word without actually printing a single copy. So if, in future, all a publisher offers an author is issuing copies of her book for sale to the public, then in theory that author does not really need that publisher any more. Authors still need editors, of course, but there are other ways of getting your work edited than under contract to a publisher – hiring a freelance, for example - so these authors are free to choose.
In order to better and truly take care of ourselves and our well-being, we need to shift how we view our bodies, and realize that the human body is much more than just a physical body. It is a system of various levels and dimensions of subtle energy that are interconnected and interdependent.
May plant a seed of friendship that for them will always grow.
into some private places
According to Egyptian columnist Amro Abdul Samea in al-Ahram, Talawi’s message included an appeal to parliament to avoid the controversial legislations that rid women of their rights of getting education and employment, under alleged religious interpretations.
I have a strong ability to understand other people and what motivates them, even if I absolutely disagree with their ends or methods. And I know that othering people, convincing yourself that they are evil or not quite human is what helps us to kill. But I cannot fathom how or why anyone, anywhere could do that to a child. It is beyond the realm of anything I can conceive of. It is humanity at its very worst and the pictures left me breathless in horror.
The introduction of "fiscal" marks for packaged beer (cans and bottles) that you will already be familiar with on spirits bottles so that all can see that UK Duty Paid is visible on all packaging. This would enable the Revenue, as HMRC puts it, to "undermine the modus operandi of large scale beer smuggling operations". The proposed marks would apply thus:
The thing about Nice is that there isn’t a lot to DO. Unlike the rest of France, there aren’t any chateaus or interesting museums (although the few museums they DO have are free, which is awesome), no sights you MUST see. It’s a place to relax, eat, and shop.
But why is it so hard to gather the facts? Why is any whisper of a detail akin to snitching? . . . Does President Brodhead dare to confront the culture behind the lacrosse team’s code of silence or would he fear being ridiculed as a snitch?
Hold onto that thought and keep on dreaming. Keep on doing whatever you can. Can’t do much more than that.
In some ways we grow up. We have families, we get married… divorced. But for the most part, we still have the same problems that we did when we were fifteen. No matter how much we grow taller, grow older, we are still forever stumbling. Forever wondering. Forever… young."
She balances the needs and draws of all three, and seems, when we first meet her, to be living a fairly balanced work and family life.
But I have added a few more Valentine's pieces, so maybe someone will like these too. And I ordered a ton of supplies over the weekend, including some heart charms, so I might be able to make something with that before Valentine's Day gets here.
* Norfolk, where cuts of nearly £7m this year have led to charges for using day services and a reduction of £500,000 on spending on independent living for mental-health patients;
When we were looking around for somewhere to move into for the summer we commented on the amount of open space around the apartment and mentioned that it would be good for Ady to have somewhere to run around. The landlord was right there and he quickly told us that she shouldn't be allowed to run around unsupervised. His tone wasn't suggesting that we wouldn't watch her, or that she would cause problems so I looked at him somewhat curiously. He then went on to inform us that wolves and bears in the area make it unsafe for children to just play outside unsupervised. We left the appointment and were discussing how odd a comment that was, and were sure that we'd never heard that line before when looking at an apartment. Kasey of course was worrying and asking me how many bears are in the area, do we need to worry much, do you think we'll ever see one, how many people get attacked each year... I immediately began to inform her that bear sightings are rare, and we'll probably never see a bear or wolf, and the guy was a little off his rocker. Just as I got done saying this I had to slam on my brakes as a bear came out of the woods in front of us and crossed the highway. Two days later I had to slow down for a wolf. I guess in Northern Minnesota you keep an eye on your kids when they are outdoors, and one eye on the woods.
Would you mind if we covered some biographical background? Because there is information about you online, but who knows how accurate it is. For instance, I wanted to talk about your early life – where you were born, where you grew up...
The second order of kits will be placed once we get all the first round stuff distributed.
There was scattered debris...chairs overturned....pudding cups in one devastated section and the chocolate encrusted spoon in yet another area...didn't the two at one time go together? Every toy that the child owned....BIG AND SMALL...( SHE is no respecter of toys) had found their way to rest on every inch of carpet...I was assuming that there was still carpet under there. And then it happened.....oh how I wish I could have foreseen it coming and maybe, just maybe I could have prepared the family. Mommy was about to go into full blown Meltdown Mode with hurricane force anger. I stomped downstairs ranting about never having seen such in all of my life and I was throwing EVERYTHING away and then I was going on a vacation where there were no phones and room service that promised to cater to my every want and need. My daughter started crying and stood at the foot of the stairs watching me as I slammed past her and went back into the trenches armed with a Glad heavyweight trash bag (now I totally get WHY they call them glad...a ticked off mommy somewhere invented those trash bags) and as I began tossing trash in the bag....she dared to come up the stairs and for one small fraction of a second I think to myself "Wow, she gets it! She sees that mommy is serious and she is coming to help and show me that she will keep her room and area clean." I will answer the burning question that is weighing on all of your minds at this moment....NO, I do not do drugs!
Rub n' Buff adds the perfect metallic shine, and I sprayed the whole thing down with clear sealer for a lacquered look. The clay is ideal because it allows for more flexibility in creating the shape...and more specifically, creating a pointed tip.
2008, with a comprehensive victory in a Grade Two novices’ chase at Cheltenham the following month. Stepped up to Grade One company for the Durkan New Homes Novice Chase at Leopardstown’s Christmas meeting, Tatenen ran a superb race in defeat to go down by a short-head to Follow The Plan. He fell at the third fence in the Grade One Racing Post Arkle Chase at the 2009 Cheltenham Festival and faded in the closing stages to come home second, beaten eight lengths by Kalahari King, in the Grade One John Smith’s Maghull Novices’ Chase at Aintree in April, 2009. After ending a highly encouraging first season chasing with a fifth in the Grade One Swordlestown Cup Novice Chase at the Punchestown Festival, Tatenen failed to live up to his lofty expectations in the 2009/2010 as he produced a string of efforts littered with jumping errors. He made the frame in just one of his six starts that term, when coming home third in a four-runner graduation chase at Sandown, and ended his campaign with another below par effort as he was pulled up in the Listed John Smith’s Handicap Chase at Aintree in April, 2010. Tatenen was switched to the West Sussex stables of Richard Rowe during the summer of 2010 and he made an encouraging start for his new handler, taking third in a Kempton Park graduation chase in November of the same year. He failed to build on that effort in two subsequent starts at Ascot and Newbury but bounced back to form with an impressive 16-length victory in a valuable Ascot handicap chase in January, 2011, when he was ridden for the first time by Andrew Thornton. Jumping errors once again cost Tatenen on his next two starts – in the Grade Three Racing Plus Chase at Kempton and the Grade Three Byrne Group Plate at the 2011 Cheltenham Festival – but he was unlucky to be hampered twice on his seasonal return in the Grade Three Spinal Research the Atlantic 4 Gold Cup at Cheltenham on December 10. Tatenen headed back to Ascot on January 21 to post a second successive victory in the handicap chase he had captured 12 months earlier as he rallied gamely to deny I’msingingtheblues by a head. He returned to the Berkshire course once again for the Betfair Ascot Chase on February 18 and ran respectably on his first appearance in Grade One company for nearly two years to finish fifth behind subsequent Ryanair Chase victor Riverside Theatre.
I am swimming in the post-Christmas clutter, and I have had enough of it.
A man whose name has been lost to history spotted his talent, and the two men formed The Levantine Brothers. At one of their first engagements, at the Theatre Comique, they did nine shows a day. A major theatre manager named M.B. Leavitt caught the act and liked it, but only liked Proctor, breaking up the act. Proctor hired as his new Levantine Brother George E. Mansfield. The team traveled with L.B. Lent’s circus for over 5 years. Proctor was one of the first stage performers to enhance his act by putting a mirror inlay on props (such as barrels and boxes) which created dazzling reflections. In 1872, Mansfield and Proctor to split to do their own separate European tours. Proctor performed there for three years. In 1876, he returned with a partner named Dan Bushnell. He saved all his money from these engagements, and in 1880, he purchased the Green Street theatre in Albany, renaming it “Levantine’s” He then built the chain which brought him much greater and longer-lasting fame than his successful run as an acrobat. You can read more about it in No Applause, Just Throw Money: The Book That Made Vaudeville Famous, available at Amazon, Barnes and Noble, and wherever nutty books are sold.
I’ve decided it’s ok to doodle on fabric. I love to machine quilt but sometimes I’m in between projects so that’s when I love to play with scraps of muslin and just go to town!
Sonos is already blazing up the indie rock charts in L.A., and their upcoming appearance at SXSW is sure to provide ample momentum for their first tour, which kicks off in April. The album itself drops on March 31st, and I suggest you rush out and buy it before everyone else at the coffee shop gets to it first. It won't be long, mark my words—time has come for revenge of the chorus nerds. B+
Ariana Brown ... Nadine
Navy swing cardigan, Mossimo or Merona or something with an “M” from Target. Orange sweater vest, Cherokee. Lace blouse, H&M (via swap). Red and orange tweed pants, Moda International. Orange brooch, thrifted. Brown booties, Style & Co. Gold watch, Raymond Weil.
The answer: (pickup) trucks.
And I love you through it all
So, "What if all companies sold products like tobacco?" (And yes, Truth, it makes no nevermind how powerful and thought-provoking you think your tag line is, it still needs a god-damned question mark. Grammar truth.) First of all, I'm taking your word for it that tobacco companies still advertise at all. It's not like they still have Tweety fellating Pall-Malls in between Loony Tunes anymore, and it's been years since I've seen one of those Kool print ads with a dozen women in one-pieces lounging by a pool. But while tobacco execs are never going to win Humanitarian of the Year, they've been tasked with selling a product that, if consumed properly, kills you, which has to be one thankless fucking endeavor. Coming to work each morning hoping you haven't slaughtered your consumer base can't be good for the ulcers, so cut them a little slack for not using a picture of a tracheotomy stoma as a billboard.
Directions: Heat some oil in a pan. Add ginger and fry till fragrant. Add the chayote slices and fry briskly. Then add the black fungus, fry and mix well with the chayote. Add 1-2 tbsp of water and allow to simmer at low-medium heat till chayote slightly softens. Salt and white pepper to taste and drizzle of sesame oil before serving.
Paypal orders to dalek82@hotmail.co.uk or email for more details on the same address.
warmth as from a hearth,
As if reading my mind, Jane turns to me. She throws her bottle to the side of the road. In the otherwise silent night, the sharp noise of shattered glass sounds foreboding.
Contact: Robert Karp, Executive Director, Biodynamic Farming and Gardening Association
Esther reaches her decision and decides to go in and see the king. She determines that if she perishes she perishes. Let’s continue reading in Esther 4:
President’s Address: Janet Sternberg (Fordham University), “Space, Place, and the Media Ecology Association“
Not that I won't jump with joy when I can get that smaller pair of jeans zipped. We have to have hope. Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not yet seen.(Hebrews 11). I can have faith for something, but that doesn't meant I am unhappy until what I have faith for comes to be.
Raytheon is working on "a radar antenna that spans the length of a football field." Even better, it flies: "The airship, remaining essentially motionless, could hover for long periods above the jet stream at altitudes of 65,000 to 70,000 feet, with the antenna transmitting on UHF and X-band."
But there has to be more to the film than just suspense, special effects and a few laughs.
One weekend before we left Singapore, we explored the area around Arab Street. I wish we went there earlier during our stay because it was so much fun!!
Not bad promises for just 45 minutes of my time. Yoga takes over 90 minutes for these kind of promised results so I figured it was worth a shot. After all, time is money and at $30 per class this was some pricey time.
Yes, decadent chocolate cake, just what you need righ now. It's funny because this cake is like my mom's cake and she always makes it look really pretty and perfect but this time I made it all by myself and for some strange reason it sunk in the middle but I had my ways to make it look as perfect as my mom's
When it was suggested that arms dealers might have difficulty sleeping, he insisted “all members of BAE’s board sleep very well”.
Now dash away! dash away! dash away all!"
Since he didn’t come home until about 8:00, I figured he had indeed gone to the funeral home. Fine. No problem. Really.
If you have done everything you can and still have rodents in your home, it is important to contact a professional. A professional exterminator can remove the mice and rodents from your Minnesota home as well repair any of the damage they may have caused. They will have the tools and techniques to rid you of these unwanted pests once and for all.
I took a break last night to create a card for the Throwback Thursday challenge at My Creative Time. The challenge this time was to create a Valentine's Day card using the Cricut cartridge of our choice. I chose the pretty cupid cut from the Celebrate with a Flourish cartridge. The cupid was cut at 2.75".
All the best! Write to me if this worked for you!
(2) its structure and processes are production-oriented;
When I was younger, I had this amazing writing desk. I loved it. I would have my computer at arm’s length and I always had a little jar of candy (so wonder I have a big butt). It was complete quiet and no one ever bothered me.I used to write my little Backstreet Boys fan fictions and I was awesome. Then I discovered boys, well, one boy, my now husband, and writing went down the tube.
James Wesley, Rawles
Could it be because we are created in God’s likeness and they are not?
Every word from you is sacred
Anna then meets up with her old boyfriend Matt. He claims he saw what happened the night Anna’s mother died. Anna has to know what happened so she tells Matt to meet her somewhere. He never showed up. At night Anna is woken up by Matt climbing up to her window. She lets him in and just as they’re about to talk, Matt’s back warps up and breaks. Anna runs away in fear. The next morning, Matt’s body is dragged out from the water. His back is broken the same way Anna saw it.
Is there foam on a pint of stout? Do me an obligement and send Neil with me this time. You know very well that only you and your ISF teammates can go through the Peregrine Portal.
I adore my new magnolia stamp! i've been after her and him (snowman) for ages! so when it was finally instock straight into my basket it went!! hehe! it's been a while for a maggie fest... there's just so many fabulous stamps out there at the moment i'm having trouble in using my maggies (i know shocking for me right....)
This Month's Cocktail: The Huntress/The Hunter
i guess i must have sighed or groaned or something. anyway, he has always been perceptive and immediately asked, “what’s wrong with you?”
I chose this image to illustrate this line because I wanted to make it as personal as possible. This is one of my senior pictures, taken last year on one of the many dirt roads in my town.
To build up your saints
03. I Can Quit You
If you're into birds (or wildflowers, trees, mammals, butterflies, whatever) I suggest you take a look in the app store, because there's a lot of great things waiting for you to discover.
We are not here to gain Christ, just for ourselves. We must gain Him for the Body. Gain Christ so that God may dispense His riches into others through you. Gain Christ for our Father!
Fibers: May Arts Ribbons
Oh, and ask yourself this: what kind of smart-ass answer will the kiosk give you if you tell it you'd like a nice bottle of cabernet franc?
