Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Michelob
orphaned at 12 and regarded as being
Patients sometimes come to the urgent care or go to their family medicine clinic when they have chest pain. Usually, they should be evaluated in the hospital emergency department where more advanced testing can be performed and quick treatments can be delivered in the event the pain is related to the heart.
Lilah: "Can I have this, Mom?"
Erwin Schrodinger devised a thought experiment that kind of
I make my living off the evening news
Eternal battle, all too soon
I've already read my copy cover to cover, and it is simultaneously hilarious and a little bit tragic. The illustrations, by The Brothers McLeod, are the icing on the cake! Split into three sections, Jen has covered her time at the Edinburgh Bookshop and Ripping Yarns in London (where she currently works), as well as collecting crackers from other booksellers all over the world for the third section, 'Weird Things Customers Say in Other Bookshops'. Which is where our little Derbyshire bookshop comes in! I sent Jen a handful of the pearlers we've had thrown our way over the last couple of years, and was well chuffed when one of my own favourites was chosen, haha!
Pork Tenderloin
I will be at MQX in Providence, RI from April 12th-17th. Check out my hands on
We go way back. Like way way way back. She’s been my best friend since 1994. Switching schools broke our hearts but not our friendship that’s for sure, we spend hours talking to each other on the phone talking about the most random things. We spend our birthdays together. We hangout in each other’s houses. Ah yes, I miss the days we were young and carefree. Then the day came she had to move back to the Philippines. Now boys and girls, this was a time when the internet wasn’t so mainstream. I had to say goodbye for a while. A couple of years later I found out she moved to California. And thanks to Friendster and Y!Messenger we were reunited. Though the distance kept us apart for so many years, we’re still tight. I love you Raine!
Total first cousin marriages = 17.5%; inbreeding coefficient = 0.0109
Central to their discussions was the state of readiness for Africa’s first ever soccer showpiece.
Morgan kane
Here’s the easiest piece…run, don’t walk away from tanning salons. That is the fastest and cheapest way to save your life (tanning beds aren’t cheap!). Next? When you’re at the beach (or pool or wherever outside) wear sunscreen (we’re talking at least SPF 45 here people). Reapply ever 2 hours (more if you’re in and out of the water). Wear a hat! You can burn your scalp and not even realize it! Wear clothes over your swimsuit when not in the water. If you’re spending a whole day at the beach bring some sort of umbrella to sit under for the day. Double bonus: this also reduces your risk of sun/heat stroke.
As noted above the main conflict is over the overall purpose of psychology. Should psychology simply prescribe the problem or should it search to find a solution? One’s life experiences often informs his or her answer to this question. Freud, a complacent man with a wife and seven kids, believes he has found the answer to why people act the way they do. Therefore it is his duty to inform society of these reasons and end there. Carl Jung, a man who feels oppressed by his wife and drawn into a fulfilling but unsettling affair, questions Freud’s conclusions and fights to find a solution. He wants a solution for others because he can’t find one for himself.
A grief-stricken middle aged daughter weeps by the bedside. The way she sobs when she says "Daddy" makes my eyes tear up. After a few words, her husband says to her "I have your brother on the phone." She takes the phone, holds it to Daddy's ear and says "Talk to him John. The phone is by his ear."
I was irritated with the interruption of my work flow and was about to throw the unsolicited visitor out when he said the magic words:
Urad dhal - 1 teaspoon
When it comes to using these technologies with each family member, the frequency and depth varies. I think with mothers and daughters, it is very important to communicate as often as possible. This all depends upon the relationship between the mother and daughter but, mothers are more likely to be worried about their children when they are apart. So sending a short text to mom everyday just to let her know you are alive is caring and nice. Next, Fathers, this one becomes complicated, as I have still not even found the balance of communication with my dad. In studies it is said that communication with your father raises self esteem and academic performance. So communication less often with dad is not necessarily a bad thing, but it is definitely important to communicate with him period. Lastly, brothers and sisters were with you through your childhood, but what happens when you both inevitably move away? No matter what kind of relationship you may have with your sibling(s), they are more of a friend than any other family member. They are closer in age, usually, and have a similar mind set to you. But what you might not have considered is the change that occurs when you or a sibling goes to college. To understand this change can help you when you contact them or vice versa.
Wednesday is the day I go to a community craft group at a church. I'm the teacher there, but class consists of just me and another friend. She takes her paper embroidery to do and I take stamping or paper embroidery - whatever is on the go here at home. No newcomers for a while now, but it is like that for the whole group, not just my table. If I find something a bit different, I usually share how to make it and might get a couple of other people off one of the other tables joining in.
Kirs: What? What did you ask for?
Police said one of the bulldogs was so severely malnourished he had to be euthanized.
I can't believe we've almost made it to 100 home.made. followers!!
When I came around the corner I was SURPRISED! I can't even describe how I felt. I immediately started bawling! No not cute tears, not a little cry, full on ugly bawling! It was awesome. It was so crazy.
I've been told I have a great heart to work in special education.
Voting should be compulsory for both local and national elections. The reason this is important is because if we have extremists in our local office, they become our experienced lawmakers, and therefore will tend to move onto the next level. Rick Santorum is a perfect example of this. Santorum is a highly-partisan, ultra-religious extremist, but because he has moved through the levels of politics using a hard Christian-conservative bloc as his base, he’s been able to make his way all the way into a primary fight for the Republican nomination as President of the United States. But Rick Santorum in no way reflects the general feelings or beliefs of even a large minority in this country. His base is small, but fierce; they always vote, and always get their friends to vote. And when no one else is voting, it’s the extremists on both sides that decide both our local and national elections.
Oh dear, what a long and rambling post! I will take photos of my mum's blankets for another post.
I could share my longing for freedom to write about anything without worry, or the angst I’m suffering trying to decide today, next week, and next month where to focus my efforts. Ok. Let’s go with angst.
“It seems to me the federal government just doesn’t want to know who’s here illegally,” Chief Justice John Roberts said at one point.
See you all soon....xx
Tor Books, 2011
Finally, I should mention that we have celebrated birthdays galore! Derek and Stella are in July. Timothy was in August (seperate post to come) and Samuel was in September. We had prayed early on with many friends that Samuel would be home by his 2nd birthday and it was such a joy to celebrate with many of those friends who are in our Community Group last Wed. night. Samuel turned 2 on Sep 28 and had his first chocolate cake. He fits right in because he LOVED it.!! We will have a party for him that literally anyone and everyone is invited to in about 2 weeks! More to come on that:)
Wigmore Hall, Broadcast Sunday 5th Feb 2012
I used this Emily Dickinson poem in After Miscarriage because it captures the ebb and flow of grief for me -- the uphill climb, the slide backward, the ongoing search for hope.
Pour this back in to the container and refrigerate again for 5 to 6 hours...
A type of ultimate vampire, the Draug have a seductive call like sirens, need water to survive and breed, can reduce themselves to vampire goo which if you get any on you, will suck the blood/life out of you. They can remain invisible to the naked eye and easily traps their prey, human or vampire, storing them in water until they’re dead. On top of this, these guys are hard to kill.
10. I like that one, too. I notice that you also review books on several sites. What are your favorite genres to review?
On Tuesday we had our first critque for final major projects. I therefore showed all my recent work that I have produced on my blog. I recieved various suggestions on how I can improve my work as well as positive points on how well I am currently doing. The positive comments were that I have produced good quality photographs that would look really nice in my portfolio, and I have a good amount of work; research, photo shoots etc. My improvements were to look more into the word Liberation and what it actually means, to portray this through my photographs. The reason for this is because at the moment, I feel that my work doesn’t show my theme properly. My teacher & students suggested I should maybe have my models wearing bright clothing against dull backgrounds to make them stand out, or get them wearing dull colours next to a dull background however having strong, confident posture. Basically getting out of my comfort zone, and trying some risky photo shoots. As I was producing a photo shoot that night, I was unable to plan completely different outfits and locations though. Another piece of advice I was given, was to think of more poses for my models to do.
Recent US and UK case law in respect of indirect patent infringement, in particular the knowledge requirement, useful for both patentees and suppliers". This article, which appears in the Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice, was first published online on 2 April 2012, doi:10.1093/jiplp/jps023. The printed version will be published in due course. The article can be accessed for a charge on a limited time basis from the JIPLP website here.
“As virtuous men pass mildly away,
Legum, M (1999). Alternative Forms of Taxation. Occasional Paper No.1, South African New Economics (SANE) Foundation. Cape Town.
When I got back to work I had to attend a 2 hour meeting. I was seated the whole time but when I got up. OMG my left bottom leg was just killing me. I could not put any weight on it without hurting. I thought it’s 4:30pm by the time I change, head to the gym for my 5:45 class perhaps the pain would have gone away. 5:00pm rolls around and I was in more pain then I was before. So I drove my klutz behind home and just iced my left leg.
As I so often do, I used Tessa's recipe as inspiration, but made a few tweeks and changes to make it my own. Now, there are probably panzanella rules, with a strict list of ingredients that are allowed to be included, and I have most likely broken every panzanella rule known to the Tuscan housewife. Maybe Alessandra can help me out here. Alessandra is Italian, and is also a fellow Kiwi blogger, and she is the one who calls us on it and keeps us honest when we take liberties with traditional Italian fare - we learn a lot from her and I, for one, am always grateful for her advice - so maybe she can tell me a thing or two about panzanella. Perhaps to play it safe I will call my version a panzanella-inspired salad.
Against Jacobins, modern times, and—hard—sin.
Katanya Mason, 30, is charged with second-degree cruelty to animals and failure to license and vaccinate the animals against rabies.
Me- Hit you?
About 20 minutes before the ceremony was to start, I went into the sanctuary to tune the harp and get ready for the prelude. A wedding guest was in there taking photos. He looked at me, looked at the harp, look toward the stairs leading to the basement, frowned, and said, "I thought you were the fruit cup lady."
So much of God’s Word depends on order and timing. For example; God could not send the “Comforter,” the gift of holy spirit, to all those who believed if he had not raised Jesus from the dead yet. Or, He could not take Jesus Christ off the cross alive, Jesus had to die first in order to be a true sacrafice and redeem mankind. God has an order and placement for every event in the Word. He puts things where they are for a reason. Here in 1 Thess. 4:14; another ordered plan is laid out that we are going to break into two pieces.
PS: CreateSpace is for pussies. :-p lol
pinch of saffron
Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
The winner of last weeks mega collab prize is
flame, nor would it need it. And the skin-tight space suits were all wrong
I used to be an automobile claims adjuster. I was the person you would call at your insurance company if you had an accident. I would get all your information and the other car's (or always fun, multiple cars), take a recorded statement regarding the details, discuss your coverages, set you up with a repair facility, set up a rental car (if you had that coverage) and then discuss the claims process. I wore a headset so I NEVER had good hair and the set would just beep and you would take phone calls all stinkin day. You know what topped the cake? I handled claims for all the the Northeast states, so apart from not being able to understand them, they all came with instant attitudes. Yep, I'm categorizing all of them like that. You know why? Because I can. And they (including the other Northeast insurance companies) categorized people in the Southwest as hicks and behind the times. I was talking to this young claims adjuster who worked for Liberty Mutual up in Mass. He asked what I liked to do for fun and I said "oh just ride my horse to work" and the chump believed me..I finally had to say "no, I was just kidding". Sorry the U.S. doesn't revolve around clam chowder, lobster, hockey and saying "EH!"
A sweet reckless hope
For Atlantic Yards, the state would override city zoning--not just the height and bulk of the buildings but also the prohibition against placing an arena within 200 feet of a residential district.
same shit different shade
"Even now, we hardly love the Earth or see with eyes or listen any longer with our ears, and we scarcely feel our hearts beat before they break in protest." Stanley Diamond
Oh woe. Oh pain! Why did I do this? WHY?
Yes, we will miss Renee but mostly we will miss the times she washed away the concerns of the day with her antics and joy. We will miss the way she reached down and personally knew what we needed; and without a word, her touch and smile helped to meet that need.
tomato seeds growing fast.
But there was something else that struck me about RTS that was just as unexpected but much more profound. It had to do with the role of the gospel in the life of the Christian leader.
Dairy: Non-fat/skim milk is best. If you are used to 2% or whole milk begin by mixing it down with skim until you have acquired a taste for a thinner texture. Yogurt is a great snack food. Personally, I LOVE plain Chobani or Fage (Greek yogurt) with a dash of nuts and honey on top…at over 20 grams of protein per serving and no fat you can’t beat it. Just be sure to look at the sugar content on the back of all yogurts, which should not exceed 20 grams. Choose plain yogurt and add fruit or a teaspoon of honey or molasses if you have a hard time finding low-fat yogurt. 1% cottage cheese is another great snack. Have it with tomatoes and salt and pepper, or with a few pieces of sliced pear. When buying cottage cheese only buy low-fat 1% for the perfect addition to your meals.
The inside of the belt was upside down. The next hour or so was spent learning the ways of the seam ripper. Midway through removing the hem (that never should have been there) I gave up and made the belt from scratch again. This new belt was attached properly and everything went smoothly. By 2:00am the skirt was completed.
I looked out the window to see our neighbor’s dog take off running down the road. This neighbor was in the same situation as me – her husband was at church, and she was home getting three small children ready on her own. Their five year old daughter was in her pretty Easter dress, looking down the road as the dog took off. Since Keith had just pulled into the driveway, still wearing a sweatshirt and jeans, he chased their dog around the neighborhood.
I added glaze to the entire drawer, and wiped off the glaze from the front, but left the glaze concentrated around the edges.
Dooling: Dual Brush Pens
Each writer has an 11-minute slot. Mine is from 5:54 to 6:05. (Give or take 30 seconds.) I'll be reading from one of my new novels (that are still seeking publishers). There are lots of great authors (see below), so even if you can't be there for my reading (though I hope you
SEE! A very durable - perhaps rubber - tomato roll after Agent Dixon and reverse-camera bounce its way up a flight of stairs!
The prettiest hairclips and
The kids seemed to love them....I felt good about following the rules...but guess what?? I was pretty excited this afternoon to see a bag or two of conversation hearts come home (yeehaw!!) The best gift ever though?? NO HOMEWORK THIS WEEK!!!!
Stop smoking…TODAY!
After mixing for a few minutes, I added about 7 or 8 cups of water, salt and pepper, and let it boil, then reduced to simmer for an hour.
Add seasoning, fish and simmer over low heat for 15 minutes.
I know this may sound overly dramatic, but it's all true and I'm sure many of you reading this can relate. When we have our children we give so much to them. We give them our bodies, our time, our energy, our knowledge, our heart, our love...we would even give them our life if we needed to.
This bundle includes the following:
that came home in 2010.
You are in danger of having stress affect your overall health--and it may be already interfering with your abilities to function normally and handle everyday issues.
It’s not like that, I explain. Pearl and I fell in love with the six week old pullet the first time we saw her. Kevin at Portage Bay Grange apologized, saying she was on hold for someone else. Someone else? If they wanted her so badly, why didn’t they take her with them? Someone else? Is this person a gypsy and they’re just settling in? If they wanted her they should have taken her home then and there. The sweet pullet is curious, softly tapping at my finger as I hold it out, move it closer, slowly, to see how she will respond. Tap, tap on my finger. Tap, tap on Pearl’s finger.
The ending was so, so shocking! What was that!? Like I said above, I was holding my breath throughout the whole thing. It certainly changed the entire dynamic for the rest of the series and it was FLAWLESS.
So I downed my drink in a way that I supposed it should be downed. I pushed the image of Jack casually leaning against the wall out of my head,turned to my friend (who's arm was still around me) and commenced my evening out.
"Yah," Meg said dubiously.
1) An extra day off. I needed a day to catch up on some rest. I didn't feel that great all last week. I have been T.I.R.E.D. lately, and last week was difficult. I was grouchy with my coworkers. I was whiny to Shawn. I was distracted with Sam. A day at home to take a big nap and get caught up on some of the laundry that had been staring us in the face all week was just what the doctor ordered.
You stroke me like a guitar
It appears, from reading the transcripts of Bonds’ Grand Jury testimony, that the lawyer for the government was perhaps overawed by the fame of the man he was questioning, or expected that he would confess his use of illegal drugs to order. Instead, Bonds told the Grand Jury he did not know what he had taken, and the only person who could do so, his trainer Greg Anderson, pointedly refused to testify despite repeatedly being sent to prison for contempt. Thus, due to the absence of a forensically focused questioning of Bonds, the chances of a perjury conviction were greatly reduced.
The test was called “If I push you down and stuff you as far into the nook, how far can I stuff you?”
The famous Mos Eisley Cantina scene has been through quite a few revisions. In the original, Han Solo shot Greedo before the Rodian Bounty Hunter could shoot him, thus immediately and beautifully establishing Han as an anti-hero. In the Special Edition, Han shoots a fraction of a second after Greedo, thus immediately establishing Han as... a kind of anti-hero ... with great reflexes? In the Blu-Ray version, the scene reaches its inevitable conclusion: Han doesn't shoot at all. Rather, he delivers a devastatingly rakish smile and Greedo simply dies of a tragic, completely unconnected heart attack.
The slutwalk campaigners (according to Yasmeen) state that men target women because of the way they dress. It all starts with a whistle, then inappropriate comments, in most cases they become aggressive. This behavior makes women feel imprisoned as it stop them from wearing what they want to wear. It make women think twice about their choice of clothing. I agree with the that fact that no woman should be blamed for provoking rape or sexual violence based on what she wears. I believe that an unsound and sick mind will do what it wants to do, irrespective of dress code. If you recall there was a story reported last year of an 80 year old woman who got raped in her home. What could she have possibly been wearing for the guy to do this? This is sick behavior and unacceptable and for no minute should excuses be made for any rapist or sexual abuser including blaming the dress code.
Russell looked from Danielle to Kenny. “Is Aryc still here?”
People at Work – Presentation 4 by Mats Tunehag
1 T oil
Source: Soundboard
Sunday is the only day I truly get to myself -- the only day I wake up and no one is around and I don't have to deal with work calls, meetings or gatherings. Most of the time, I choose to sleep well past noon, roll around in bed until I get hungry and make myself a quick snack before choosing to do... not a whole lot actually. My Sundays usually consist on catching up on my reading, listening to music, watching my favourite shows and writing in my journal. Every time I get a text or a call, unless its absolutely important, I'll wait until past dinner to respond.
*I do not think I am entitled to any special treatment just because I am a military spouse
I can't blame the gentle reader for wanting more. I want more, too. I wish I had time for more. I'd get up in the morning, work at something fruitful (instead of something that only pays me more money than fruitful things earn), and post here in the afternoon. T'would be a nice life. But if I had that kind of time, and it paid me the kind of money I wanted, I'd probably be on a boat in Europe somewhere looking at shit or getting drunk on Italian wine. I probably wouldn't be writing. Or I'd be writing drivel about the kinds of wine your world should have.
Wherever this flag is flown
I hope I don't have to mow it.haaaaaaa
Ruthlessly cutting down those Muslims who are seen as being hostile, subversive, or seditious will serve to impress upon Muslims that the days of multicultural genuflection to their sensitivities are over. Though the numbers of people assassinated in this manner would probably be relatively low compared to the numbers who could be killed in spectaculars (discussed below) aimed at mass civilian targets, the psychological and morale effects would be huge. Note also that should it be the case that the British government responds to the violence we predict by looking for a ‘partner for peace’ in the Muslim community to make concessions to, the assassination of the key Muslim players will have a salutary effect in persuading said government of the obstacles such a road is likely to present them with. Partners for peace are of little use if they are dead, and their deaths will likely serve to impress upon both government and Muslims the foolishness of attempting to further undermine the British people and their way of life.
"Oh, nothing, nothing," Abby muttered. She couldn't believe that she was sitting here, in his class, as she has been for a whole week, and there was nothing. That was just it. Nothing. No casual glances, not even if he was reading something suggestive, like he used to.
I wasn't sure if I wanted to write this post or not. It has been a hard time. But I decided to do it, because, maybe, just maybe it will help someone else. Being in pain and ill (and it my case looking like a zombie with my millions of rashes) and not knowing what is causing it is horrible. The unknown and what ifs will drive you mad. The despare and the selfishness... none of it is good and yet it is all REAL. When we aren't feeling well, we can't focus on others. It affects so much of our lives not only physically but mentally and especially emotionally. I have not only suffered because of all this but most especially my little family.
Despite what it could have been had more film been available, Behind the Rent Strike is a beautiful and important film. Although exactly 40 years ago, the words of the residents of Tower Hill Estate strongly resonate today. They faced increasing rents for their poor housing conditions whilst their wages stagnated. The situation was intolerable. As one resident described, ‘the law doesn’t work for us, we have to take it into our own hands’.
Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause ... ABC Family ... 7 PM
But still, wake up people, this is not a road we should be going down. What next Llamas summarising Proust!
The first one I need to add is Say Yes To The Dress.
Concepta did find the 1821 census which has only remnants still existing. Fortunately, our Coyle family is in those remaining sections. It also has the Cunningham family with little Mary who later married Michael Coyle.
Does anybody turn into a cannibal, as some of these honkie redneck mountain folk do, so I hear? NO!
Problem #5: Failure to Proofread
I faxed the state to get a copy of the complaint about me. We'll see what was reported.
The movie was meh. Very predictable, and, even fashion-challenged moi can spot a Patricia Fields-costumed outfit from a mile away. (I'm a little tired of them, frankly.)
Chex Kellogg's cereal (it says gluten free right on the box!)
Ambien-Equi
Isn't it interesting (and sad) that I have seen nothing in the media about Good Friday. And the graphic we have for Easter on our weather station is a bunny.
We have shampoo to cleanse our hair.
people. But I did like a lot of punk music at the time. It
picture in this way......
Way too much drama for me to handle.
Facts held on for several days after that assault — brought on without a scrap of evidence or reason — before expiring peacefully at its home in a high school physics book. Facts was 2,372.
"Louie Louie/Wild Thing" Kingsmen/Animals
A spokesman for Immigration Minister Chris Bowen said the number of boats arriving at Christmas Island was down significantly on the previous year. ”We’re focused on finalising the Malaysia deal and not claiming any sort of victory. It is early days,” he said.
I do have tile to lay at the farmhouse:
With my cameras on the front seat, I took off for Portland. I’d seen pictures of its beaches on Star’s Facebook page a year or two before and added it to my list of places to visit. At that time, a cross-country road trip wasn’t even an idea. I’d been wanting to “travel light” as Wayne Dyer talked about in his ‘The Essence of Being’ and for me, that meant getting rid of “stuff” and anything else that was keeping me tied to a life that just wasn’t working for me anymore.
Now, each of these generators is available as a separate download, but somebody goofed way back when and with a single download you can now have a lot of offline generators at your fingertips.
In fact all of once so pristine Durban is deteriorating into a squatter slum, a filthy, disgusting, unhealthy mess, with dangerously polluted water streaming into the ocean. The whole place also looks like a permanent prison now, a nightmare scenario with shuttered shops, heavy burglar bars, barbed wire, vagrants and incredible pollution everywhere.
The boys learned to swim at the Spearville pool, and their love of the water is a big part of what makes beaches and warm springs so fun to visit all winter long. There are same-age kids that Billy, Leo, and Karl can each relate to and have fun with, and all the kids drift into and out of mixed-age groups in their play. It's a great scene for informal acquisition of social skills and interpersonal awareness. Joe gets in some relaxation and socializing, bringing the kids for at least a few hours almost every day. Sometimes Meg comes along, though she usually opts for walking around town, visiting the library, or just staying home. (The place we're calling "home" for these weeks is the subject of the next blog entry.)
I don't want people thinking that.
It was pretty much smooth sailing from there – the house passed inspection with the inspector telling Mike that we have a solid house on our hands. Unexpectedly, the former owners asked to move closing up one day. This worked out in our favor because all of a sudden, we didn’t have everything needed to close on the house that day – the estimator hadn’t turned in the report correctly. Things were tense for two days since the bank that agreed to the Short Sale stated that we must close before a specific day otherwise we had to resubmit the offer…. which snowballs into waiting for the bank to respond again, requalifying for the mortgage, etc. Fortunately, we managed to close the next day – June 22, 2011.
5) Compost should be ready in 3 to 4 months – just what I’m looking for!
Great quality photos, huh?
A sexual fantasy, or a violent thrill.
Recommendation 39 is similar to the extensions to paragraph 10, Article 58 of the 1926 Soviet Criminal Code which ordered “face-to-face conversations between friends or between husband and wife and in a private letter” to be investigated for anti-Soviet thoughts.
i'm telling ya'll this because all ya'll have been kind enough to stop by and read/comment this past year and also because as someone else said on their blog...we have these friendships all over the world that have become precious and good. so, dear friends, i will be back.
With our children, we don't focus on their behaviour, but on the needs underneath the behaviour. It is really helpful to do this with our husbands as well.
Here's "At the Crossroads":
Sitting down for my meeting, I wasn’t sure if the flutters I felt were the first movements of the baby growing inside me, or just excitement from the realisation I was going to be a mother at last.
After the rain. After the rains.
1. A few years ago I had some interest in “high points,” the highest points of elevation in a defined area like a county, state or country. There are some people who make it their goal to hike to the high point in all 50 states, easy to do in the east but not so easy in the western mountains. After a bit of research I found there are three places in Shelby County, TN, the county in which I live, that all have an elevation of 410′, the high point for this county. Just for kicks I decided to set foot on each of them. One was in a person’s front yard on the northern boundary of the county, so I drove by and called that a success. The second was in an area in the far southeastern corner of the county that was being excavated for a new highway. That was an easy achievement. The last was in the middle of a farmer’s field where Macon Road meets the Fayette county line. It was a cool November morning and I was meeting some friends for a hike around Herb Parsons Lake nearby the high point so I set out a little early. I drove as close as I could get and set out through some woods towards the field. As I emerged from the woods, I saw the field rise ahead of me to a slight mound in the middle, my target point. To my amazement, standing at precisely that point was a good-sized 8 or 10 point buck staring right at me. It was almost mystical, like he was there to welcome me to my destination. We watched each other as I walked closer, until I got within 50 yards of him and he trotted off into the woods beyond the field. As he ran off through the woods I could hear his rack banging against branches. A very cool experience.
Best Weight Loss Tips – Not Enough Water
and only come to you through the Word of God. So, for your faith to work and
I know what the problem is…you need new Business cards!!
My mother would describe in detail all that we saw. It wasn’t as if we could not see the lights; I think it made more of an imprint in her mind which would give way to her telling us what not to miss. Both of my brothers delighted in this family ritual as kids and it carries forward decades later. I know my sister would chime in to the frenzy as well.
26th Jul 1985 Liverpool System
No.4 is based on the principle of cyclic variation ie:
I am decked out in a Britt Ryan dress and cannot wait for a night of girly fun and fashion with one of my besties. Fine dining at Scampo, cocktails, and a fashion show from one of my favorite preppy designers will make for a fabulous night out.
A has always been fascinated by anything on wheels, but lately his excitement reaches peaks when he sees cars and he plays for hours together just with them! I guess boys will be boys and girls, girls! Somehome my kids have compartamentalized both their interests and if I draw a Venn diagram for their interests it would only be two separate circles! I remember getting S, cars when she was little and at the end V and I would end up playing with them and she just ignored them totally! Same with the Thomas train tracks we got her, may be we should have saved them all for A!
An entrepreneur?
Usually something I either avoid entirely, or do in quick passing, looking for stray food or toothpaste spilled down the front of "The Twins"......
Dear Kevin,
End the workout with a 10-minute cool-down of easy running.
I was in love when I went to Amsterdam for the first time. It breaks my heart to think of now.
Why is this effort in place? To reduce the political damage to both the government and BP. …
At home, you take everybody else where they need to go.
This meme is hosted by Dollycas Thoughts for Thursdays - which are hard for me to make. The goal is to get to know our fellow bloggers and visitors better. Each week Dolly asks some questions for us to answer and then link up. I am late doing the post but I am trying to to participate as I would like to learn more about blogger and follower friends.
In the book, we learn how she observes Hemingway struggling through his writing.
A few days after the new partnership was formed, Mulcahy discovered sales orders showing that Wilson and Terpil were in the process of selling machine guns and silencers to an arms dealer in Zambia. He was bothered by the sale of the silencers for he knew they had only one purpose – killing without drawing attention to the killer. He telephoned the F.B.I. and later showed copies of the sales orders to agents in the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (B.A.T.F.), one of whose functions it is to monitor illegal arms deals and report on impending sales. He also asked about his new partners. The authorities said that the sale to Zambia was legal and that they had no derogatory infor-mation about Wilson and Terpil in their files. ”I said to myself, ‘Christ, this has got to be an agency operation,’ ” Mulcahy recalls. ”These guys are buying and selling silencers, and the F.B.I. and B.A.T.F. give them the O.K. So I’m feeling pretty good: I’d gone to the Federal authorities, shown them documents and they said Wilson and Terpil were clean.”
I have created her in Photoshop using a Wacom Tablet. She is my finished project from Tam's Digital Dreams workshop, which is now available as a self study. I actually think I prefer and do better with the digital art than the actual mixed media collages. After all, I was a digital artist before I found the world of mixed media.
High Court: Western Cape # 19963-09: PDF Evidentiary Documentation:
Sorry for the lack of posts!!! Aside from being busy as hell, I've been wearing new UNIF nonstop, hence I can't photograph what I wear until it is out in production. TOP SECRET! You'll just have to wait and see!!!!
"Guys, what do you say to Levi?"
Holy water that Gurnemanz gave to Kundry to wash Parsifal's feet is just a pure natural water, that is a rarity in the overly polluted world. The last Good Friday ceremony is happening with a beautiful image of light in the background. The planet seems to emerge from menacing clouds. A peace has arrived. Parsifal will be the first one to cross onto the female side and lay down (excellent light effects!) indulging in the beauty of Nature celebrating its renewal (it fits impeccably with the text!)
but found I wasn't very good at holding the camera steady.
Lundequist apprehends Hanson with a powerful bearing; wrapped in furs, eyes steely, face framed with wild, white hair—what’s the word I’m looking for? Tough? No, tough won’t do. Her Margaretha is mighty; a broad-hipped, strong-shouldered woman who can withstand and mete out the punishments of life in equal measure. When her secrets are later made public, her fall is fittingly memorable.
“I do not know if what has been attributed to Sheikh Yousef Al-Qaradhawi is true; in any case, we have become accustomed to the politicization of religious fatwas. A news item reported in the Al-Sharq Al-Awsat newspaper revealed that Sheikh Al-Qaradhawi issued a fatwa prohibiting Iraqis from acquiring U.S. citizenship on the grounds that this is the nationality of an occupier nation.
The level of SR is the extra points of damage you take (regardless if you make your save), and that's spite damage folks! Don't forget the bleeding.
So after sleeping with Bad Boy only days ago, I stayed at The Bankers house last night. I know what you’re thinking – (WHAT A WHORE!), but I couldn’t help myself! I’m not really sure who I like more. They both have advantages and disadvantages. Is it bad what I’m doing? Quite possibly. But the way I see it, I’m single until proven otherwise. If I’m doing it, then they are probably doing it too. Anyway, I’m going to tell you about my night – and I hope you won’t judge me too horribly.
Next, I am happy to share with you that Ann from Cooking Healthy For Me, who is constantly so kind with her compliments have awarded me the "Versatile Blogger" Award. Now that's really AWESOME! Never thought I can be versatile. However, I believe that I am. Part of the award is that I have to share with you 7 things that you might already know or may not know about me. But first, let me award 15 bloggers, who are my new foodie friends and maybe a couple who are pioneers in food blogging.. THANKS for constantly stopping by to buzz me here.
It's such a beautiful day outside, and it is your Birthday,what do you say we go out to lunch, just you and me..'
But an interesting prospect has emerged in the last week or so, and despite all my best efforts, it’s gaining hold of my mind. We’re contemplating a new book, to follow ‘Daring to Fly’.
huts
but we must patiently, believingly continue in prayer unto the end,
I've been a fan of Jolly Pumpkin's Bam Biere for quite some time now, which was the inspiration for this beer. Bam is a farmhouse ale boasting all the classic saison qualities with some tart, funkiness to boot. It's extremely quaffable and could be considered a session beer weighing it at a manageable 4.5% ABV.
There was some formal training – a short stint studying art at the Academie d’Art Roederer. But for Louboutin, it was a visit to the Museum of African Art in Paris that he felt moved to make high heels for women.
The new planet sits smack in the middle of what astronomers refer to as the habitable zone, unlike any of the nearly 500 other planets astronomers have found outside our solar system. And it is in our galactic neighborhood, suggesting that plenty of Earth-like planets circle other stars.
Here's hoping you all have a Happy Halloween! Stay safe and have some fun.
“I’m somewhat allergic to work, but I felt that I should continue to increase my familiarity with the Good Book and also should read a good deal of standard literature, possibly of a scientific nature. So I did cultivate the habit of reading. I think I’m not exaggerating when I say I have probably averaged an hour a day for the last 15 years. . .
3 whol Garlic Cloves, Minced
Very similar is the case with factory proprietors who have got to protect their stock, machines and also other stuff. It is recommended to protect their building and essential goods against all accidents such as fire and theft. Regardless of whether any high-risk procedure exists or not, they ought to give consideration to obtaining cover for incidents on the job.
State: feeling good, got a new empty beer diary, ready to roll son
I bought a copy of the book in the lobby just before the show. It's such a short story that my son was able to read me the entire thing to before the play began, leaving me just enough time to wonder how it would be translated into an hour-long performance.
It is times like this that I know I am in the right place.
Here is the link to that interview. Simply download this ZIP file, open it and decide where you want your MP3s to go. It’s that simple.
http://news.discovery.com/space/earth-like-planet-life.html "Personally, given the ubiquity and propensity of life to flourish wherever it can, I would say that the chances for life on this planet are 100 percent. I have almost no doubt about it," Steven Vogt, professor of astronomy and astrophysics at University of California Santa Cruz, told Discovery News.
say this is what it looks like
Doctor Who News Page - 8.0m
Why is a resolve just around the corner?
I've tentatively decided to get a second opinion, from another rheumatologist. I feel like my current one doesn't really listen to me the way that my GP does, and isn't as invested in helping me as a doctor should be. She is very....unhelpful, and doesn't hear my words. She has a perception of me as this fat chick who just needs to be thinner and everything will somehow magically resolve itself if I were thinner. Except that what's wrong with me made this fat, not the other way around.
At this month's staff meeting last week, they said they're discontinuing that schedule and going back to the old one-- 3 or 4 twelve/thirteen hour shifts a week plus a "call" shift every week to two weeks. It's rigorous, but works for me, and most of the other nurses and techs.
I have been busy completing my projects for Valentine's Day and entering some challenges. I am now going to upload some of my creations and then get started on St. Paddy's Day.
So why on earth did I decide to read this book? Or at least, attempt to read it because I should be very honest with you all right now: I could not finish this book. I guess it was because I wanted to face the truth. To test my meat eating. To see if I could handle the facts of where our meat comes from.
A Progressive Dinner is soooo much fun! And my favorite food to make is appetizers! So for this #SundaySupper with friends I am making two appetizer dishes I hope everyone will enjoy! Since our main course is a fabulous Rustic Chicken dinner, I chose two foods I thought would compliment and lead into the flavors of a robust chicken course.
“Ta rum, ta rum, ta rum,” they heard, as Maud galloped to the house so the boys could tell Grace and Faye to get ready to head back to teacher’s college. Faye’s brother walked back with them and opened the gate. They dawdled along going home to the barn, then gave the faithful Maud an extra handful of oats before they turned her loose to enjoy a well-earned rest.
The following comes to you from Ann Coulter. As you read it, you might want to remember that Martin Luther King – a Republican gun owner – was denied the concealed carry permit he requested. Yep you read that right, MLK was a black Republican. For more on this topic, read “Black Man With A Gun” by Kenn Blanchard.
Sunday: Happy Mothers Day! Who knows what we will do!
He succeeded at the job, by most standards, bringing more students into the organization and rejuvenating the chapter. But the issues seemed secondary to him, and he went to work every day with that same sense of remove and distance that he had carried with him at Columbia. Looking back on it decades later, he said that that first organizing job “had always felt sort of like a tryout of organizing as opposed to plunging into it in a serious way.” When he talked about the job with Genevieve, he mostly just said that it was depressing, which captured his mood much of that winter and early spring of 1985.
OG: 23.3 Plato
"The worst of his task had been to find the place; this no-man's place, but his. Now, there was work to fill his days.
Yesterday afternoon, I took the time to take a long, hot shower. A bit of time to pamper myself after an uncomfortable week. I also decided that it was time to try “normal people” pants. The bruise from my fall happens to extend down into the waist-band area, making my usual attire of jeans, very uncomfortable. But I decided that it was time to let go of the sweats and yoga pants for the week. I even got a peek at the bruise on my back. It’s a beautiful array of blues, violets and yellows at this stage. My youngest even insisted that she saw some green. Imagine her confusion when I tried to make a “Hulk” joke.
Angela Merkel and other eurozone leaders have repeatedly denied that they are seeking to provoke a default on Greece’s debt or force Greece out of the eurozone. Other leaders, however, appear to contradict this line. For instance, Wolfgang Schäuble, the German finance minister, has threatened that if Greece does not meet the conditions set by the troika, payments will stop (regardless of the fact that Greece urgently needs cash to pay its bills and refinance debts in October). "Then Greece has to see how it gets access to financial markets without help from the eurozone", said Schäuble. "That’s Greece’s problem".
And show me all the reasons you would stay
I was able to reach most of the Meyer lemons that were left; some can stay on the branches for another week. I noticed that new lavender and white buds dotted the trees. They are amazingly prolific.
This type of remembrance will make you very popular with Indian friends and landlords. It really is all about the family.
Today I walked down to the Hungarian Pastry Shop. Usually I would have to walk up to the Hungarian Pastry Shop, but, seeing as I find myself in the blur between Harlem and the Upper West Side, I got to perform the rare task of walking down in order to get someplace.
Her Royal Highness will give her lecture at 2:30 p.m. in Myron Taylor Hall, Room G85. Afterward the Cornell community is also welcome to attend the signing of a memorandum of understanding between the Thai Bar and Cornell Law. The signing ceremony and reception will take place at 3:45 p.m. in the Purcell Courtyard.
Level 16: MP Cost: 60, Damage: 238%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 6 times, 26% chance to stun the enemy for 5 seconds.
Cover design
As a child, I remember, I fantasized about what it would be like to live inside of a snow globe. I think this fantasy was rooted in growing up in Texas and longing for snow. And yet, even then, perhaps part of me longed for the still perfection of a glitter-filled utopia and the metaphor for timelessness that it provides. In those sparkly little dome-shaped wonderlands,
It's filled with a friendly ghost, and I'm pretty sure that's the only reason why this old thing has lasted this long.
I began my professional writing career as a scriptwriter for GTE Lenkurt — the largest independent telephone company in the United States during the days of the Bell System. Fresh out of grad school with a degree in Instructional Design, my job was to create training videos and other collateral designed to teach employees things like Crystal Filter Assembly and everything you ever wanted to know about microwave radios. While my formal education did provide me with a procedure for extracting information from specialists in any field, I can assure you that I knew absolutely nothing about the telecommunications industry when I landed this most coveted position.
Smith’s lawyer Greg Jackson told the hearing that the bid for clemency isn’t meant to minimize the “terrible crime” that Smith is guilty of, but “is a request for mercy.”
but the year pretty much bit it. I saw it coming. I grew a few more grey hairs. I adapted.
“I think the RBA has effectively acknowledged that it got the economy wrong over the last few months,” said Shane Oliver, chief economist at AMP Capital Investors. “I think it is the RBA trying to get back on track with the economy after having made a wrong call over the last three months.”
Most folks in the industry see the Apple announcement as a game changer—a company big enough and nimble enough to give Amazon a run for its money in terms of being the dominant player of eBooks.
our sweet B returned home from uni last Friday evening
Number One. Linger at least once every couple of hours.
From: April
5. Don't Let the Stars Get in Your Eyes
HA! NOT!!!
Take pan with sausage out of oven and pour batter over and around sausage. Return to oven and bake 30 min, til batter puffed and golden. Serve with Brown or onion gravy.
So there you have it, folks. The Definitive History of The Freakin’ Green Elf Shorts.
What could I do? I am rubbish at putting those false eyelashes on. Whenever I did try I couldn’t get the corners to stay or one end would and the other wouldn’t, which left my eyes looking like a lop-sided spider. Not that there’s anything wrong with being one of those, I add, in case there are any said spiders reading this. Incidentally, if you are, then please comment.
Sooo... not much decorating, but I'm enjoying what little we do have. I love having the tree lit up at night. If only I could take some better pictures of it. Does anyone have any tree photographing tips? =)
Another book, written by Catherine Collins, illustrated by one of my good friends, Joel Puddifoot. My mum wanted two people to illustrate for her, as we transfer her vision of the book onto paper, the way she imagines, this way she always knows she’ll get the effect she wants. This book is for the age range of around 7-11 years old, again suitable for both boys and girls! Fully illustrated, the writing and pictures compliment each other perfectly. It is a lovely read that your kids will definitely want to read again, and again.. And again. Here is the description:
UPDATE You can now stream the song directly, right here.
As he approached Chattanooga he was nearly overcome with exhaustion. He decided it would be wise to hole up in a motel for the night. The next morning, after a night of sleep, a hot shower, a change into fresh clothes and some breakfast, he would make the final leg of his dreaded trip home. He was only a few miles from the junction to US 27 which would lead him fifteen miles north to his destination.
Next Collectors Edition Post - 2/20/11
Hunched over my measly free breakfast in a pub on a Monday morning, blindsided by tears and a rising stress that shook me with its relentless and unexpected onset.
thin cashmere
Anyway, that was off topic, back on the subject now. I came home, cooked diner and for the first time in my life, I baked a whole batch of Belgian waffles. Here they call them “Brusselse wafels”. They looked pretty good, but I wasn’t convinced about the taste. Oh well. You can see a bit missing on the bottom waffle….I’m the culprit.
466. Sean Paxton & Randy Mosher Beer Dinner @ World Beer Cup Awards Ceremony (Chicago, IL)
Really, I'm shocked, and I'm pissed off. What's happening to my mail? Why don't I get it in one piece?
I love these pictures of her waiting for her toes and nails to dry :)
Luckily, I'm self-employed, but the tiniest possibility that one day I could find myself in a room full of people again, talking earnestly about 'brand values' (or even worse, a 'brand wheel') still brings me out in a cold sweat.
Chapter 14
CMC Designworks is an architectural practice based in Kuala Lumpur with extensive working experience in the United Kingdom, Malaysia, Hong Kong and China. The practice has a holistic approach to environmental design that includes planning, architecture and interior design.
Though there are lines that must be followed (ie grammar) everything else is free range. I have chosen to breathe life into my characters and be every bit of them as they are of me.
Yesterday Kid Newton went to the mall for his two month photo shoot. Nothing fancy. Just a basic spread, something to keep the grandparents coming back to babysit. We’re not signed with an agent or anything.
Who and who not to watch it with: Do watch it with someone who likes goofy, gory zom-coms. Don’t watch with someone who is bothered by camp. This movie is over-the-top campy. Also don’t watch with someone who can’t handle subtitles. As far as I know, there is no dubbed version.
In the introduction, Bodie Hodge and David Wright contend that Christians do not need to be constantly on the defensive when it comes to answering the accusations of those who believe Scripture is fraught with contradictions. Rather, the Christian should turn the tables on the skeptic and, in light of the internal and external biblical evidence, ask them to defend their position that the text of Scripture has contradictions. Thus, as the intro title states, a good defense of a good offense. Also, it is good and right for the believer to ask questions of the skeptic in regards to their own religious and worldview beliefs.
Dennis Altman laments the loss of the radical critique that was central to the early gay and lesbian movement.
What gets missed in this personification of democratization is how the interests of political elites often evolve with changes in their status. Checks on government power that sound like common sense to outsiders sometimes don’t always seem so appealing when you finally make it to the inside and are trying to get things done. Actions that seemed dubious when taken by someone else can make perfect sense when you know and trust your own motives.
Hello Everyone!! Christmas is fast approaching and here are a couple of gift tags that were in the October Issue of Cardmaking, Stamping and Papercraft! These were quick and fun to make using JustRite's Deck The Halls set with Spellbinders' Labels 18, Large Oval and Heirloom Ornament 2011 die sets!
As I leaned on the gate looking at the hill – at Alfred’s Athelney – an old man came up to me. “Ah,” he said – and I swear this is absolutely true – “you’ll be looking for Alfred.”
One time not long ago, my daughter made a comment that hit home. Gina said, “Why is it that every time you and Dan have a party you do a major renovation?”
And, in organizing all of this, I’ve been crazy-busy. But I’ll keep you all updated about how the auction goes. Oh, and, if any of you are interested in bidding, please let me know. I can be your proxy!
As I combed the isles I would look up to see where he was and if he was still approving of the amount of items I had when I noticed that he was searching harder than me for suitable attire. We shared a glance and he smiled. The more I found the more he searched. We filled the basket to the brim. He followed me to the dressing room and stood outside the door handing me piece after piece until I had tried them all on. Every time I raised the dressing room curtain his eyes lit up as if it were the first time he lay eyes on me. He made me feel like his queen and he my king. I fell in love all over again with my husband my friend in a 2nd hand store. It wasn’t the money he spent or the fact that he took me shopping, it was the loving way he cared for me that day. He joined me in my world. He took time days before to see what this store had to offer for me. He made sure I was set up for success. He removed all possibility of disappointment for me, because he took note. That is why I say, I found love at the 2nd hand store. This one is a keeper!
Ryle, J. C. (2011-06-16). Old Paths (Kindle Locations 4784-4811). Heritage Bible Fellowship. Kindle Edition.
The first one is an art project that I've been doing for years and it always turns out so cute:)! It is "Zoopal" Indians and Pilgrims! Yep, they are made using those Zoopal plates! Here's what they look like:
Canadians can be proud of the fact that our currency has outperformed not just the U.S. dollar, but just about every other currency in the world.
Under the couple’s 2008 divorce decree, the children lived with the father and the mother had visitation rights.
Me: C: As for the Torah, most of the definitions that are found in Genesis use the word “yom,” which means a lot of things, but is mostly recognised as meaning day. Fundamentalist Jews do take the Torah literally when it says “yom” and interpret it as a day and not a “period,” as you claim.
Minister Matthews, whom I still think is a fantastic Minister of Health, needs to take a step back and rethink her position on responsibility – for her present position is indefensible. She needs to step up and say although there is a lot of blame to go around…as Minister of Health I accept full responsibility for the egregious misuse of public funds, in an already battered economy. Here is how I intend to address this….and here is how we are going to get back those grossly misappropriated funds…and here is how I intend to make sure this never happens again!
So let’s talk a little bit about me … okay to be precise 11 things. Let me see…
This kind of mind game is described by Your Divine Grace below:
NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, do hereby proclaim May 1, 2012, as Loyalty Day. This Loyalty Day, I call upon all the people of the United States to join in support of this national observance, whether by displaying the flag of the United States or pledging allegiance to the Republic for which it stands.
Inside, there was a CD and as she took it out of the wrapper, out fell a piece of paper. The mother picked it up and started to read it.
7. Rat Race
I will wait for the Lord
If the fizzy head was disorienting, the fizzy palate, carbonated rather than nitrogenated, is as well. The taste isn't a huge departure from regular draft Guinness. It's got a slightly more chalky quality, but then at the end turns quite metalic. Unpleasantly. It's think and tinny. The more I went back for a swallow, the more it resisted me. Perhaps it's not a beer that you want to introduce to a warm room for any length of time.
Well, if you're still with me, you deserve a medal lol I think this is the longest post I've ever written!!
I personally write to share inspire others with issues in their lives, and to share personal experiences with others who are able to relate. I also share personal issues that might help others. I share about menopause, personal inspirations that might help others and sometimes I rant. There are some parenting experiences that I share in hopes of getting some input about parenting and step parenting. I will also be blogging about growing up as an army brat and how it makes my life different than someone who grew up in the same place. I do ocassionally write about my business and how it is a useful tool for anyone and I share that link on my blog too.
Pretty sure my Dad makes the best apple pie, Mom peeled the apples. He also made black berry and a peanut butter pie for our Christmas Eve celebration. And pork ribs, which I learned how to make including his special sauce that he has been using since I was teenager.
Put the chicken broth in,chicken,spices,the lemon halves, soy sauce.
I'm mostly worried about the mass exodus of expats from the compounds. A lot of dads will be around, but the kids are headed for the hills with their mothers. And that leaves me with 5 kids and few playmates. . .
A moment of life springs forth...a young couple walking hand in hand.
FRANK MARSHALL DAVIS, ALL IN THE COMPANY
Dear Cloe, how blubber'd is that pretty Face?
I will always love this vineyard!
"The king and his lead and back vehicle were ahead of the third VIP protection vehicle involved in the collision. The king was being transported to hospital."
Visions of Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny, I tell you.
Daily Bible Devotion
i have so been enjoying the spring season this year.
I have been card making for the past eight years and almost a
1/8 C half and half
They targeted Chris Loesch because he had the audacity to respond to some high minded leftists who were Twittering happily over the thought of his wife, Dana Loesch, being raped & murdered. ProRegressive's from the Right (Charles Johnson 'Little Green Footballs'), and from the Left, used a fun new tactic of going after those who disagree with them by - no, not by trying to come up with a better argument (as if!), no, rather than thinking, they organized an attack to accuse Twitter accounts of FreeMarketAmerica.org and Chris Loesch, by accusing them of being spammers, in order to get them deactivated silenced from Twitter.
(Gender) stereotypes can prove harmful; they can stifle individual expression and creativity, as well as hinder personal and professional growth. -CliffsNotes
Luckily, after the First Half, I didn’t get sicker, and actually took a turn for the better. My training went really well, the rest of February was strong, I finished the month with a total of 151 kms in mileage. March was a killer month, in both good and bad ways! It was a great month overall for training, and I was feeling like superwoman, getting in lots of workouts, lots of running, cross-training, and everything was quality work-outs, I felt invincible! However, the last week of March, I pushed too hard, and I learned a very valuable lesson. That over-training is a very real thing, and that recovery days are just as important as workout days. It was a tough lesson to learn, and I had 4 terrible painful days of hardly being able to walk, but luckily I learned this lesson 6 weeks out from the race. Still, March was as I said, a killer month, totaling 245.25 kms!!
Bowls and mugs and finish
My brother is getting married. This is very exciting news. His fiancee is a wonderful woman and it is thrilling for me to have a new sister.
We headed back out a different way through a bit of a higher canyon with more gorgeous views. Went to dinner with friends, laughed, listened to their gorgeous children tell stories, laughed and most importantly relaxed.
Because we believe in generations beyond our own
Decide what you want to do. Do you want a genteel wine and cheese party or a more raucous hootinanny? In either case, make sure the bookstore (or whatever facility you choose) is up for it.
Certainly nothing players can do could possibly be out of control or hellish. We are confined by the parameters of the program. Burn Jita was not hellish. Hulkageddon is not hellish. There are far too few capusleers affected by either to properly fit into that definition. The game parameters have to change and only CCP can do that.
for it likes to steal
Emperor and princes, therefore, should not let these sayings become a jest. Read here the apt illustration given in Judges 20:18, how the children of Israel were twice beaten by the Benjamites, despite the fact that God bade them fight and that they had the best of right. Their boldness and presumption were their downfall, as the text says, Fidentes fortitudine et numero. It is true that one should have horses and men and weapons and everything that is needed for battle, if they are to be had, so that one is not tempting God; but when one has them, one must not be bold because of it, for God is not to be forgotten or despised, since it is written, “All victory comes from heaven.”
When your laptop crashes, somewhere in America a programmer dies.
How ironic that in a time when Chinese were being deported and turned away at U.S. borders by the thousands, and when the ones that remained were coolies working on the railroad for mere pennies, it was actually so fashionable to be a Chinese magician that numerous non-Chinese went to great lengths to seem one.
Miss Worthless refuses to go.
Okay, now on to this little seven inch platter. I am not sure that this was a legit release or a bootleg. It was released in 2004 which was the same year that Ray Condo past away from a heart attack in Vancouver, BC. It seems to be a tribute of sorts, which in my opinion is pretty cool. There are two songs of rockabilly delight on this, that sound a little Elvis like, which is okay I guess as I am not a big Elvis fan.
Write-cache setting : Enabled (write-back) when protected by battery
Wontons
22. About 25% of the film Jaws was shot from water level so audiences could better relate to treading water.
the missing are called to the circle
Movement: HOLY FLUTTERS!! Mr. Southbay isn't able to feel it yet..but I sure can!
A: Thanks for asking – I’ve wanted to address this point since David Brooks published his op-Ed in the NYT. Let me indulge my not-so-inner nerd for a second: when you spend 7 hours at school a day, 180 days a year, for 13 years, you rack up 16,380 hours of social interaction. That’s the equivalent of over 3,200 five-hour playdates. So overall, I don’t feel too deprived.
So what iPhone apps and links do I use on a regular basis to chart the weather, tides, lunar phases, etc? Here’s my go-to list:
I noticed most of my symptoms were exaggerated. For example, I normally get a little more agitated when I get PMS, but this was a bit more than usual. I was pretty emo. I couldn't read people's statuses on Facebook without getting upset. I thought "This hasn't happened to me since I was 16 with raging hormones." I knew I ovulated stronger on my own than I ever had with Clomid, so I passed it off as simply having more progesterone in my system than I had when ovulating on the Clomid. I asked myself "Why would God have me to ovulate on my own for the first time in.... SO long, and not work some magic with that little eggy?" Then "Well, God works in mysterious ways. He's probably planning on teaching you something through it. Trust, trust, trust." I said that to myself at least 17 times a day.
In another dream, we were all in a house overlooking a river. I decided that maybe we were overlooking it from a bit too close, so I went outside and looked under the house. Sure enough the river was running under part of it, and although the house was built on posts, they didn’t look too substantial, and I worried that the house might fall into the river. When I turned to go back in, I saw that a mountain lion was stalking me, and I knew I would never make it to the door. I yelled for help, and when someone opened the door, I told her to bring me a gun. “Which one?” she asked. “Any of them!” I yelled, and woke up.
I went to college with someone from Sierra Leone. He was black. President Obama is not black. Not even remotely. I saw him on TV yesterday standing next to President Sarkozy of France. Their skin looked almost the same colour.
Thanks to everyone who stopped by to wish The Troll a Happy Easter. Mine was nice but expensive. Hope y'all had a good one. Will endeavor to visit the blogs of those that commented.
The “lone gunman” was armed, trained and shipped off to Afghanistan by the military. They now act surprised when civilians get killed. Remember that these are the people who bombed a wedding party in Kandahar in 2008. 37 Villagers in Wech Baghtu died, including 23 children and 10 women after planes flattened houses shortly after US troops had fought Taliban insurgents nearby. But it is OK. They apologised.
Also on display was a bottle of the vodka “Absolute Brooklyn,” showing how advertisers have begun using Brooklyn in branding products.
You know how at parties, you inevitably get seated next to someone with whom you have little in common, and eventually, you need to make a graceful exit to cure the awkward silence. Well, I got seated next to Santa, who was not, contrary to popular belief, the talkative type. Without a way to exit gracefully, I decided that I needed to prompt discussion. But talking with Santa is more complicated than it might sound.
I WILL SAY THAT AFTER GETTING MY OWN BOX, I felt like I jipped her:)
Cowboy, Cowboy, in the big town
I am proud to call Annmaree a friend and she is also one of my followers on my personal blog and that is how I met this sweetie.
Intern will participate in a number of projects, including but not limited to:
Senator Santorum deserves credit for doing his very best to tie up the party in a divisive primary long after it was necessary that used up time and resources better spent unseating the current occupant of the White House. Not only that, but he ignored Ronald Reagan's 11th commandment and provided the Obama Campaign with a decent amount of material to use against the GOP nominee, Mitt Romney.
Engages empathic considerations
to invite the building of a microbial community.
Losing belly fat improves blood vessels It pays to lose your belly fat. "Being overweight increases the risk of cardiovascular disease, especially if the fat is accumulated in the belly above the waist," says Kerry Stewart of Johns Hopkins University.
Being sharpened by his death,
Allegiance can be roughly divided into two parts. The first part is very similar in tone, style, and pacing to that of Legacy. The pacing was pretty slow and not much happened in terms of action. Mostly Alera pined for Narian, cursed Steldor, and tried to exercise her new role as queen with petulant attempts at independence. Blah, blah, blah, basically.
When contacted by The Malaysian Insider, Dr Chua said: “Who is Perkasa anyway? They are just an NGO.”
Just got this link to yesterday's Allegheny Times: Tom Pastorius is upbeat about the chances of getting Penn Brewery back in business, with a new owner for the building and new owners for the brewery (helped by a loan from the Pittsburgh Urban Redevelopment Authority). Nothing really new here, just that Pastorius seems quite confident. That may not seem like much, but you don't do well betting against the man. He's put a lot of himself into this business, and seeing this happen to it in such a short time has to be sickening. He'll fight this one.
He's crawling like crazy, eating absolutely everything we put in front of him, pulling himself up and can stand holding onto furniture. I swear he'll be walking soon but it's too early!! Before I know it he'll be running which means so will we.
1. Hope I don't die.
I guess the godfather of all Black bands has to be the seminal hard-rocking Black Sabbath. They had to be the ones who not only birthed dark, psychedelic, hard rock but who also made black t-shirts the wardrobe of choice for an army of rockers. Who could rock out at metal show in a White T-Shirt?
Review Recent Posts
Preface: This 12 oz. bottle of Dos Equis Lager Especial was purchased for $1.88(USD) at Key Food in Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn, NY. There is a note stamped on the label: “Please drink by the end of the month notched…” in this case it is February 2010
Here now are some of Emma’s thoughts on the trip, and be sure to click the photos to see full-size:
Will you decide now to follow Jesus;
So you have an idea for an illustrated gift book, or what we in the industry do not call a “coffee-table book”? How do you go about getting it published? In much the same way you would a nonfiction book, but with some key differences. I see lots of information on how to draft a proposal for a novel or commercial nonfiction, but I’ve seen next to nothing on illustrated books, the kind I work on every day, so I thought I’d lay out a few basics for the would-be authors out there. Please keep in mind that all the information you’re about to see is my own take on what makes a good proposal and I’m sure that others would have different opinions.
I have been hobbling around due to the f-word. Not THAT f-word, the nastier one - FRACTURE. On the tibia, right under the kneecap. Crack.
2 Thessalonians 3:13, NLT
“Well, we asked you in to discuss the results because one of the routine screenings was flagged up by our phlebotomist…”
Professor Michel Chossudovsky observed that the US Army 3rd Infantry's 1st Brigade Combat Team returned from Iraq some months ago. That information is extremely disturbing because such military unit "may be called upon to help with civil unrest and crowd control", according to official sources. Now, what scenario could possibly require the operational deployment of said units on American soil? Professor Chossudovsky puts forward an intriguing hypothesis that must be borne in mind. He argues that "Civil unrest resulting from from the financial meltdown is a distinct possibility, given the broad impacts of financial collapse on lifelong savings, pension funds, homeownership, etc".
BEST FIRST NOVEL BY AN AMERICAN AUTHOR
If you can say, however, “go to www.availableinfo where responses to all of your basic questions about our anti-doping program can be found”, the matter becomes immediately defused. In an age where I can go online and find out the results of my kid’s math test before he gets home from school; where the day’s results of the entire Olympic Games can be transmitted around the world AS they happen; where the answers to almost any question one can imagine are just a few “clicks” away; it would seem that providing a reasonable level of information regarding the sport’s anti-doping program could be done by enlisting the aid of a high school computer science intern who would probably be happy to set up the system for little more than advanced credit.
The thing I keep forgetting to use. It's important to use. If there are a lot of bubbles left in your canned food, it means there is oxygen left in the canned food. Oxygen = mold, bacteria, etc. Using something as a bubble freer after the food is in the jar and before you put the lid on, is needed. There are plastic flexible sticks sold for this, or you could use a small spatula. The bubble freer goes along the inside perimeter of the jar and then gently gets pulled toward the center -- bubbles will escape. I will do that 4 or 5 times around the jar.
Of course, violent individuals — from Hasan to Jared Loughner — are still capable of causing mayhem. But there’s no evidence that large numbers of American Muslims are inclined to do so. Though alarmists point to the alienation of young Muslims in Western Europe as a sign of things to come for the U.S., the likelihood of that happening there is remote. A Gallup survey conducted in 2009 found that American Muslims report vastly higher rates of life satisfaction than do their counterparts in other Western countries — and higher rates than the populations in every Muslim-majority country except one, Saudi Arabia. In the past 10 years, fewer than 200 people in the U.S. have been indicted on suspicion of jihadist activities. A comprehensive report by the Rand Corporation last year concluded that just one out of every 30,000 American Muslims could be said to have joined jihad, “suggesting an American Muslim population that remains hostile to jihadist ideology and its exhortations to violence.”
Sony digital camera Sony DSC-W5 thoroughly considered, click here.
It’s important, I think, to view that unlikely promotion in context, however; the ludicrous nature of it is very deliberate. How likely would it have been fifty years previously, for example, that a single nation would make it its mission to wipe out the entire Jewish race? How likely was it, on November 20th, 1963, that President John Kennedy would be assassinated on a drive through Dallas, Texas? Could anyone have predicted, ten years previously, that hawks in Moscow and Washington would have lined up enough nuclear warheads to eradicate humanity rather than back down on a matter of principle?
It ought to shut out worldly thoughts and cares and distractions, as well as worldly presences.
2 watching
I could not resist it.
“It has to be given credit for knowing which part of the news is newsworthy and therefore they should exercise that within their rights of itself as a broadcasting firm.”
The object is to talk about when and how you first became a writer. So here goes:
among dahlias, lilacs, and rosy thorns
Any bit of awkwardness that I maybe had worried about was eliminated the moment we walked in the door. I was so encouraged by the sweetness and compassion of everyone working there. To hear that we’ve been in their prayers since the day I called to make the appointment completely touched my heart!
I’ve also opined recently that the nervous system is akin to the mycorrhizal network of fungi and plants. The mycorrhiza occur under the ground, out of sight, yet they interconnect vast ecosystems. At any rate, here are some ideas of what this 1-day Abyss could symbolize.
So why do our politicians sit and twiddle their thumbs? Why do they aid and abet by doing nothing? Can’t they see what’s happening to California? Texas? Arizona? The answer in a nutshell: No!
Chad (drummer), Stubby (all of our driver), Brian (bass player), Me, and Moni. After our post-concert partying.
We hunger for warmth - because apart it's all gone
It is sin that kills. Sin that reveals our hearts as they actually are. Sin shows who we belong to–and Who we don’t. Christian liberty is the freedom we have in Christ to obey Him. One whose heart is truly right with God will always hate sin. If we don’t hate sin, we don’t love God and we won’t want to do His will because we will be doing the will of our real father–the devil.
"If I do collapse I am going to tell everyone you hit me over the head." I say
Egg and pork producers have argued that easing confinement standards for animals raises production costs and makes those who adjust their practices less competitive.
PSA: No, that’s not a ring-worm on her shoulder. It’s a mosquito bite. Yep, every bite she gets looks like that.
I’m not the only one. Americans just don’t want to give up our standard measure. We don’t want to know how many kilometers it takes to get to Pittsburgh. We don’t want to know that a cantaloupe weighs about a kilogram. We don’t care. We don’t want to learn it.
I have a few ideas for the wall, but we'll see which one actually materializes since I'm incredibly indecisive these days.
We're going back to the era of the great fire one more time to take a look at the man in charge of the city during that time -- Cornelius W. Lawrence, the first elected mayor of New York.
This past week just past to fast. I haven't been able to even read very much here, less would I have been able to WRITE. So sorry for that. I am saying all the time, that I want to talk also about other stuff, but time is just passing faster as I can run!
This spring, Leela's traveling all over America to promote her story of "bad girls making good, pogroms, and vaudevilian types." She'll be doing book events all over NYC as well as in Gainesville, Boston, Portland, Seattle, San Francisco and Toronto. You can find her at www.leelacorman.com or Twitter: @LeelaOfNewYork.
- Suicide as a device in which a troubled teen gets lots and lots of attention for their grievances. Isn't that potentially encouraging vulnerable young adults to think that suicide may be their only way to get a hearing?
I stole this idea from Jen Yates at EPBOT: Cut a medium weight plastic (like the kind you'd use for a report cover) into two horizontal strips about 1 inch tall and about an inch shy of the length of the top of your triangles.
Best Editor Short Form: Ellen Datlow
And we were riding float #116 out of about 130 floats, with horses, football teams, marching bands, and the like interspersed throughout.
What did they need him for?
Heat and stir over low heat until the mixture begins to thicken and bubble - I'd say it usually takes at least 10 minutes or so before it begins to bubble. Continue to cook the bubbling mixture a few more minutes until it is thick and creamy.
What did appear just before the break, however, were no fewer than four important and interesting articles by judges, two from England and Wales and two from the US. I group them together here with the briefest of introductions – none of these people need much help from me to get their messages across.
Winner gets to choose a favorite from the above.
Only over time have I come to see that virtually everyone has been sad, and that many people feel lonely. It is one of the few things that we share as a species. Yet we pretend that it doesn't exist; we lock it away on a closet because to admit to feeling sad and lonely is to admit to weakness, and to demonstrate weakness is the single worst thing you could ever do because once you admit it, then everyone will know it and mock you for it. That was my second mistake - believing that feeling sad was a weakness and that I would be rejected for it.
“Andy, I’ll call Andy! Thank god Andy was home is all I can say as I write this within minutes he arrives and about a half hour later of banging and levering he has the entire system shut down. Now to assess the damage.
The above illustration is a picture of an as close to the perfect deep fried frenched potato.
First of all, I have been extremely responsible at home and at school. At home, I have taken your dishes and washed them and I have helped empty the dishwasher. At school, I have kept my desk clean and organized. Also, I have never left my iPod anywhere and I will be even more cautious with a phone. As you have seen above I am very responsible.
Thanks again :)
Ink - PTI Ripe Avocado
Please bear with me regarding the photo quality!! I have such a difficult time photographing layouts, particularly a double 12' x 12" page spread. I used the Mix & Match Banners Die-namics and By the Letters Die-namics for the title. The little heart is from Notched Tag Die-namics and the small floral element is one of the centers from the Pretty Posies Die-namics. Each piece is popped up on Jody boosters.
So, after Stacie was so nice and re-blogged one of my pieces yesterday, the first and maybe the only comment was left by a guy named Larry (I’m not using his real name). The comment said something to the effect of –
So, I could totally write a song about the painful misery of summer's heat without the joys of recirculated air. It'd either be country or the blues, and if it was a blues song, I would so change my name to Boiling Waters.
Now, understand something, if I see a post riddled with grammar and spelling mistakes, I can get turned off too. I give the person another chance because maybe they were rushed, maybe they’re new to this whole blogging thing, and I check back in with them for their next post. If the problem continues, I simply don’t read their blog. I simply ‘unfollow’ – what I don’t do is leave sh*tty comments. And I definitely… (and yes, I’m aware I’ve started a sentence with “and” – twice now, in fact) I definitely would NOT leave a sh*tty comment after witnessing only one, ONE, mistake from someone who seems to be a stickler about her writing…from someone who seems to go back to her posts after reading them several times to fix whatever in the hell might be wrong.
The key in this definition is the term ‘submission’.
Missed Workouts: 1
-pretend kitchen
Cut the cauliflower in to small pieces...
-Dennis Kucinich
Then came the fall of my senior year. I was working on my honors thesis and applying to graduate schools. Some people might think that perhaps my anxiety over these endeavors and future changes led to what followed. But I’ve experienced other major changes without having a “big break.” I don’t think that’s it. It may’ve catalyzed the reaction, but it didn’t cause it.
Brunch at Gage
Randy Orton Vs Christian for the World Heavyweight Championship is up now.
The system of institutional schooling has to deal with that in one way or another. Tragically, in most cases the sad truth is that the "powers that be" simply insist on standardization (i.e., all kids in a certain "grade level" are taught the same things...at the same time...in the same way...at the same rate). Of course, that doesn't mean the children are all engaged in the process (the ones who function at higher levels are bored out of their heads!) or are all learning (the ones who have slower natural rates of learning are being dragged along but still don't "get it"). But - beyond a few teachers who try to make allowances to some degree within the constraints of the system - that's just the way it is.
I'm one of a kind and I'm just me.
I must admit, I have not started decorating for the holidays....I have hardly even thought about it. With bee's in our bonnets, my hubbie and I embarked on phase one of the office make-over, the part where you take everything out of the room so you can paint, etc. Needless to say my house is a disaster. After a slight hiccup with our paint color, the walls are now painted and I am fairly confident we can start putting things back together, which means that by this week-end we can bring out the holiday decorations. I have tried not to focus on holiday decorating but of course as a reader of beautiful blogs, there is inspiration everywhere.
Not to get a kiss. Just to get the kiss and then say: “I was lying. I’m really a Yankees fan. Red Sox suck!”
Should I have thrown the cigarette butt out the window? No, probably not, but honestly, I just wasn't thinking. Suddenly, this white haired loser bastard became the embodiment of all of the attacks on our freedom, our liberty, and the American Way of Life. I just snapped. Had I been a man, I would have probably pulled the guy from the car and given him a well deserved knuckle sandwich, alas, I am a Southern Woman. The only words that came to mind where some my Mother had used in a similar situation several years before. They seemed an appropriate response, I will not be shy in admitting they carried with them a tremendous sense of power and ultimate satisfaction. You see kind readers, I responded with the following words, that will echo through the ages, right before I left him in a cloud of dust, I yelled, "Mind your own business, Fucker!"
Shortly after we were wed, I was pregnant with our first son (my second son) and I didn’t watch my weight gain at all. It didn’t take long for me to go over the 200 pound mark and after our son was born, I was still between 220-230 pounds. I didn’t pay it much mind. I knew I was officially obese and would have bouts of trying to work out but we were going through some stressful times and more often than not, exercise and efforts to eat properly were pushed to the back burner and, eventually, forgotten.
5) Try to refrain from (openly) mocking people who think the world is going to end Dec. 12, 2012 (or Dec 21, 2012 or whatever the hell it is). (This one's gonna be tough.)
Buying choice: book reviews, recommendations, or browse?
It's Friday! Yay! I hope everyone is looking forward to the weekend? It's going to be chilly here in VA so we are ready for some baking and crock-potting. Uh. That didn't sound right. At any rate, THANK YOU for your awesome orange & black creations last week! I loved how it ranged from Halloween to everyday cards. Beautiful work everyone!
tomato, garlic, and cumin mixed together and grilled.
Size: 29,976 acres
of Poe’s Maelstrom,
Are you familiar with any of the planetary grid theories? Well, there are several versions of planetary grids that are extant, and I’m not convinced that any of them, from what I’ve studied, are more than speculative. I mean, where do you start, you know? In some cases they’ve tried to line them up with ancient sites and so on, and that may have some bearing, but one of these planetary grid models has a convergence of 12 points of the grid that occurs right at the point where this blackout—I mean it’s gotta be within 5 or 10 miles of where the blow-down incident occurred.
And yet I figured it’s about time I butt in.
Current Situation
Add the carrots, potatoes, cannellini beans, cumin, and parsley to the broth mixture.
The prosecution (represented by the jury) however hides its evidence against me.
“Fuck!” Shoving the person near him, Darien took off out the door and ran after her.
Both these cards were created with a set of Tim Holtz stamps my buddy Tanya gave me cuz she had duplicates... What a bummer, eh? ;). I inked up my images colouring directly on the rubber with Distress Markers, stamping a random collage of images. Once I was happy with my collage, I inked over the entire card with brown Distress Ink. Pretty simple, but it makes a nice masculine card!
To see my name at the top of the list is surreal at best. This is the first competition I’ve ever won, which makes this a pretty exciting milestone!
I think we are all desperate to be able to change our bad habits or negative personality traits, and we need the hope that fiction offers to us that this will happen.
…however, it was pretty fitting that whilst we were in Sydney together, we found a little gift from her, to me, for my 30th birthday. As you may know, I have a thing for my blue jewels and when I saw a piece similar to the one below, I knew it had to be with me for the rest of my days!
He provides a sobering reality that touches the lives of every person he crosses. In the name of the woman he loves, a curious stranger will introduce himself to the world simply by saying, My name is Khan, and I am not a terrorist.
4:45-6:30 Screening: Shorts from the Bangkok Experimental Film Festival
While we wait for the singing chickens to finish, let me reveal the winner of The Worst-Case Scenario Ultimate Adventure Novels: Amazon, the book for reluctant readers I reviewed a couple of weeks ago:
You probably recognize this beautiful interior from designer Lauren Liess at Pure Style Home. She really is a mastermind at creating great space by using what you have and making it work for your lifestyle. I've been a huge fan for a while now!
Oh, and I am an intense researcher as well. Ha-ha. I’ll make a confession right here, right now. Yes, I already severed ties with Liam. However, I know for a fact that Liam hasn’t changed his password since he gave it to me months ago. I logged in to check recently. I immediately logged out after discovering the password still worked. No, I didn’t read any message or do anything in Liam’s account. However, the fact remains that I logged in. I guess curiosity got the best of me. I feel a tad guilty about it. I’m just like you, girls and guys. I really am.
"The new section introduced a long-form essay and -- less publicized -- a series of multiple-choice responses that test how well students can assemble and disassemble sentences."
Spring heralds bold moves forward, but here, in waning moon time, the exercise is to review and reflect. What went on for you during the darkness of Winter? What changes came about in that down time? How to navigate forward?
It was a firm message to all those people that argue that Biffy are as good as they've always been (aye right) and won't ever sell out. They did and the Many Of Horror incident proves it beyond any doubt, you could say they managed to Eradicate The Doubt. See what I did there?
I sometimes wonder if the decision-makers have ever set foot in these small towns, if they grasp the importance of a post office as an integral fiber in the fabric of community. Post offices are more than a place to pick up mail, to purchase stamps, to send a package. In these small towns, they are also community gathering places, a locale to exchange news, a spot to reach out to neighbors and a symbol of community identity.
I'm loving this montage, btw, and as you look at this, you'll notice a very compelling piece, which is Fred's abstract, but he forgot to sign up in time! (Being that he's new though, I'm giving him a break as I caught it just in time before doing the montage itself and posting this write-up.) So, do be sure to drop him a line, if you think of it. Thank you.
Locker Talk Cart for the images
who watch their parents watch them die,
-L
Why do old photos and films seem simpler and more basic in their honesty?
Preheat oven to 350 Degrees F. Grease and Line a 13x9 baking pan. Set aside.
well There’s pride in every American heart
“We don’t try to engage in speculation as to where the market is going when considering the offers,” Simon said.
2) 4X3 Snatch Balance (NO heaving) – rest 60 sec.
and all for nothing more than a few
Hi bloggers..Elaine here. I hope you have all purchased your beautiful Nature's Charm Front Porch Kit. As you can see from the gallery the projects we created were amazing. Hope that doesn't sound to braggy but they really are all so pretty. The kit is jam packed full of great products. For my post today I was trying to figure out what to talk about. I am in the process of decluttering my scrap space and as I was trying to decide where to put my FPK remaining items it hit me...can I create one last project from my kit?? Yeppo and here it is..
Here’s the worst part. No one in the customer service or tech support world knows what a nice person I am. As I push all the buttons, writhing snakes replace my professionally coiffed hair, fangs grow and all I want to say is, ”I’ll get you my pretty, and your little dog too ha ha ha ha.” I should keep nitroglycerin tablets next to the phone. Paramedics should be on stand-by. Instead some unsuspecting soul says, “Hi Mrs. Sadek, I’m Skipper, how can I help you today?”
Contrary to the title, this is not about The JellyBean that I am currently incubating, this is actually about a parcel that arrived yesterday.
4.love letter to Jamie Lee Curtis
SCC: Those were marvellous and enlightening answers, Celia. Thank you for being so honest, and for giving us all a peek inside your head. Honestly, Lovely Readers - go and buy this book now - today. It's an absolute must-read winner, and I predict it'll be on every 2012 prize list!
There is an illusion involved in arguments like these, as though we can assume for the sake of argument that we do have access to the true nature of things, then argue from there that we don't have access to the true nature of things. If the conclusion is true, then it was true at the beginning of the argument as well as the end. The argument apparently starts with some premises concerning the variety of the nature of things, e.g. the variety between our sensory apparatus and a bat's. What it really started with was the variety in our conscious constructions on sense impressions which, according to Kant, say nothing about any actual variety in reality. So what if the conscious construction we put on sense impressions and call a "bat" has a different character than the conscious construction we put on sense impressions of ourselves and call "men"? Whatever conclusions we might draw from this fact says nothing about the actual sensory capabilities of either men or bats, or the relationship between the two. It is at best about the quirky nature of our own consciousness.
1Co 9:24-27 You know that many runners enter a race, and only one of them wins the prize. So run to win! Athletes work hard to win a crown that cannot last, but we do it for a crown that will last forever. I don’t run without a goal. And I don’t box by beating my fists in the air. I keep my body under control and make it my slave, so I won’t lose out after telling the good news to others. (CEV)
Please be careful in your yards and gardens, as you welcome Spring this year.
visit your lovely blogs from time to time to see what you've all been up to. This is just a less time
We are getting used to it, though, and certainly wouldn't have it any other way. The more I feel I'm getting the hang of this, the more I am amazed at the reality of it. I am a mother to two children. My high school sweetheart is now the father of my babies. Babies! Plural!
As Shoulda Been Huge stumbles towards the end of it's first (and possibly last) orbit around the sun, it's time to play an ace that I've kept up my sleeve - an album featuring probably my favorite Australian song ever....
crack, or seam, or light switch.
This was the end result:
Happy Fathers Day in advance to all you amazing daddys and to all the mothers who play the role of both parents.
Guaranteed listing with major wholesalers, for example, Bertrams and Gardners
and someday we’ll see each other again to play cards
We never got paid pocket-money to do that work. We were doing it to contribute to our family environment. Subsequently, I’m leaving some backbreaking work for my kids to do when they eventually come along. I see….in-ground swimming pool – dug by hand. (Encino Man anyone?)
But remember, Kershaw is just five years into his career. Koufax had a .500 record and an ERA over 4 five years into his career.
My advice, think independently, seek information that either confirms or refutes your initial impression about a new product offering and think more slowly with a contrarian perspective.
There is a certain hypnosis to empathy. When we sense that someone like us is in a situation that seems possible to us, then we automatically project our sensibilities into their decisions, and participate with their life events. All storytelling works on this principle. And good actors will present their actions in a way that is conducive to this character/audience relationship.
JT - But is it unfair of us in the media to speculate that that extension might not be in place in its current form or the way it’s been negotiated thus far if Rangers are not there. That’s not unfair speculation, is it?
Susan Harris (REP) 6.15% 5,762
Weeding, watering, feeding, and tweaking could take up every hour of the day, but on a sunny day those jobs are a pleasure.
The paint is drying and I’ll put it up for sale on Etsy immediately for the amount I was expecting to receive today.
I was always so certain that I wanted my own bike.
This is where I wandered...
Just like Zechariah, after many disappointments it is easy to begin to believe the blessing will never come. Pray we will believe it is the Lord's desire to save all nations.
D Envious
Leopold Nowak (1904-1991) succeeded Robert Haas
And this is where my problem with the film, and all of Hollywood and our current society, comes in. Instead of focusing on the breakdown in their relationship as the reason for their continued happiness with each other to be jeopardized, the film paints physical distance as the all consuming factor. It’s cowardice and farce, and it sickens me that a film maker wouldn’t have the courage to tell the truth of the story instead of hiding it behind circumstance.
The article is accompanied by a survey of personal alcohol consumption and attitudes to alcohol, which contains so many tendentious and loaded questions that I declined to fill it in. You’re on a hiding to nothing, really – if you say you only drink two halves a fortnight, then minimum pricing will scarcely affect you, but if you drink two gallons a week then you’ll be portrayed as part of the problem.
The deal was struck in February of this year, and the banks agreed to a 26 billion dollar settlement in exchange for immunity. The New York Times reports:
He was such a sweet man.
We had planned to go to the movies in beautiful Pacific Grove, California. As he was from the bay area, he wanted to first take a drive around the beach. I held on for dear life as he navigated the twisting roads. He wanted to get out and sit on the rocks. I really wasn’t feeling it, but not being the most assertive person, I got out and followed him. He pulled out a brown paper bag. What the hell was this? Oh, alcohol. Inside was a bottle of Cook’s champagne and two plastic champagne flutes. Really? Because he smelled like he actually lived in a brewery, and because I didn’t want him driving me with more alcohol in his system, and perhaps even to dull my own senses, I proceeded to down half the bottle within fifteen minutes.
The net motor insurance providers besides provide totally free automobile rates in addition they provide potential reductions, which cannot provide within the shop. So, by being able to view your vehicle rates On-line, 100 % free may help to a great deal of funds as compared with shopping for vehicle insurance covers off-line. By being able to view On-line automobile offer, 100 % free may help to about 10Percentage by availing of many reductions. They can fetch much more advantages by deciding on package offers. Moreover, a web-based automobile offer could be the lowest priced and easiest option for any potential automobile deal with policy holder.
...and one of my ancestors, on my father's side.
‘Sure’.
In the Riftwar saga, what touched me most were the characters and how real they were to me. All their confusion and doubts and anxieties, the idealism of honour and duty, and the sure sense of who they were and what they were doing. Maybe that’s what caught hold of me – wanting to know who I was and what kind of person I was going to be. In fact, maybe it’s what we all secretly wish for ourselves – to be absolutely certain of who we are and what we need to do in this life, despite the anxieties of growing up, and having the guidance and support of mentors and friends we have complete faith in, and who likewise believe in us without an ounce of doubt.
Please Pychon, no Maas.
Sleep is a necessary part of our life. But by conscious specialisation we have determined that we will exclude all communication that does not conform to the norm as accepted by the mainstream. We have therefore excluded the exchange of information that is instantaneously channelled back and forth from our other realities to the one we think of as our current life. Hence our precluding the 90% of the Brain from active participation with our Mind. It’s there but we refuse to recognise it. It’s a real pity that we consciously determine to miss so much !
I was also really lax in blogging this past week (because of the hectic schedule), and I want to make sure to get more writing time. It helps me feel centered and connected.
Democrats and bitter, small-minded blacks insist on forcing blacks into their "black box." They say authentic blacks must have had a "ghetto experience."
6 egg whites
On the way at a shop we find some flowers.. A very special flower… Said to bloom just one night in a year, in the plains… Grows more in the Himalaya heights… The flower of Brahma, that grows from the navel of Vishnu… A real rare flower… The Brahma Kamal, the state flower of Uttarakhand…
for one to go
Early spring is always such a confusing time. Winter seems to cling on, with desperate, icy claws that make weather less than enjoyable. Not so this year however. Considering how mild the winter was on the East Coast this year, spring seems to have started much earlier than usual, and now there is no doubt that winter is nothing more than memory.
5 years ago I would have said “never, Shatner is a douche, viva la Kirk!” but Shatner has actually gotten pretty awesome and less douchy in the past few years. So I’m going to say when he’s “singing.”
The Freeport mine sits on some of the world’s richest gold reserves and the US company’s local subsidiary is the largest single taxpayer to the Indonesian government.
I am so excited to be on Melissa's design team over at KaDoodle Bug!!! I made the following project using her files found herehttp://www.kadoodlebugdesigns.com.
THINGS TO DO IN CELEBRATION OF THE ROYAL WEDDING:
And for my final foray in to Fringe-dom…
Most writers have discovered there isn’t a lack of talent in our field today, but sometimes there seems to be a lack of inspiration. Throughout the stresses of life, who among us can’t use more nourishing soul food? This is a great day to be a writer and good news for those of us who love to write inspirational pieces. According to my research, there are hundreds of opportunities for devotional writers. A single piece doesn’t pay much, but the savvy writer realizes the financial potential of inspirational writing tucked in with regular writing assignments.
Knowing we go to Vegas so much, knowing my husband and I were already planning a trip there next month for our anniversary and KNOWING my husband kepted asking me, infront of her, "should we take her this time?"
And the next morning after the kids went to school
*The physical product is only available to US residents only.. unless you are international and would pay for shipping. Otherwise- if International person wins- I can compensate by giving you 2 more digi kits ;)
As I saw her, asked questions to see what the reasons were another woman (which could easily be me) sat distracted by her hectic schedule, upset so much over a messed up laminated sign, that she was too distracted to take note of this little girl that is in her sons own class. That fell on me like a ton of bricks that I have been that distracted person in times of want or prosperity that is too busy to notice or too blind to see.
This article was forwarded to me and is a really interesting deconstruction of how the author ended up doing something fairly major that she didn’t want to do. Well-written, funny and best of all, a very human look at why we end up doing things we don’t (think) we want to.
As part of my individual rehabilitation programme, I've been issued with my very own Heart Manual (Post MI Edition).
Dormant fervor
If you're interested; I prefer the B-side but "Sunday Afternoon" grows on you after a few listens!
It was so much fun!
1 Ho Renomo 5:07
He quickly stumbled upon an 8×10 of the kids latest school picture. He quickly rolled it up in his hand in order to fashion it as a weapon. (Hey….it’s better than using a Wine Magazine!!)
Random.org has chosen a winner. For some reason blogger is giving me trouble with trying to enter the images. The winning comment was number 16, Jen who said..."Like The Green Mum on Facebook"
Right now...
Above all, I want to thank my two brilliant research assistants, Helen Lavën and Rowena McCoy, without whom this edition would not have been possible. Thank you both for your fine formatting, scrupulous proofing, outstanding research into the novel’s contexts, and shared enthusiasm for ‘Ms Divine’.
Firstly, I feel a little bit funny about pronouncing any specific 'trend' after my visit to High Point Furniture Market a few weeks back. I could have just as easily taken 20 or 30 pictures of pastel painted wood finishes or white industrial spaces and announced them as 'the new thing.' That very fact alone is what I most enjoyed about my four days in North Carolina.
Parked the car by the boat ramp. Dogs, people abound, and we delight in the canines gamboling about on the pathways. My daughter keeps up a cheery banter, expansive as young children tend to be when they brim with energy and have their innocence about them. This is as it should be.
Then the Priest, with hands joined, says quietly:
Today’s challenge is ‘letterbox’, I need to figure out what it means lol, is it the same thing as mailbox?
I've been very busy with orders and I am finally caught up! I am working on some shop features of some great Etsy sellers! Stay tuned as I hope to have the first one up and running in the next few days!!
Pick up an introductory textbook of economics, though, and your chances of finding an objective assessment of a system of this kind are very low indeed. Instead, what you’ll find between the covers is a ringing endorsement of free trade, usually in the most propagandistic sort of language. Most likely it will rehash the arguments originally made by British economist David Ricardo, in the early 19th century, to prove that free trade inevitably encourages every nation to develop whatever industries are best suited to its circumstances, and so produces more prosperity for everybody. Those arguments will usually be spiced up with whatever more recent additions appeal to the theoretical tastes of the textbook’s author or authors, and will plop the whole discussion into a historical narrative that insists that once upon a time, there were silly people who didn’t like free trade, but now we all know better.
I also cut the top and bottom of another blue barrel, ready for filling with sand this week and made up another 75litres of my carrot mix. FinallyI weighed out the Vitax Q4 and Calcified Seaweed for another 75 litre mix and made up a litre of SB Plant Invigorator for delivering to another new show grower locally later this week.
And I know I will see him again. And the next time I do, he'll have four paws, a shining white coat and by his side will be another wonderful boy that we lost four years ago.
We have to go back on Tuesday the 8th for an IVF class and hand over all the money we have been saving and again on Wednesday for another sonogram. Sometime between now and then we will also be getting our calendar protocol. It’s actually happening. We are about to do this!! Finally!
Is the problem a deeply ingrained sexism in American culture that blames the victims? Yes.
But this is my little boy, the kid I think of as a computer geek, the child who asked,
Without planning, both these shows have the theme of stereotypes in different societies. It is interesting because in a way it is a way to experience the society without actually having to emerge in it yourself into it. GCB Preview.
Tomorrow…perhaps tomorrow? Perhaps the modern calendar is off a day. Can it be? But no; no. The thought of mounting a real defense is too overwhelming in his exhausted state.
There are many theories as to exactly why Malcolm drowned, drunk, in 2005. But one is that, having emptied the slot machine of his Wibbley Wobbley floating pub at the end of the evening, the coins weighed him down when he fell in the water.
A perfectly nice car got hauled off to the salvage yard. Sigh.
1 ruby red grapefruit, peeled
Reusable Feminine Pads
I somehow thought that many fiction writers simply thought up stories out of thin air, as it were. Not that I thought that all novelists operated that way; D. H. Lawrence, for example, clearly did not. No, I was not that naïve. But I certainly thought that quite a lot did. But now I am questioning that a bit.”
I've been asked how long it takes for me to create a page and how I store my layouts. Well, I just pile them up in IKEA cardboard boxes that have a lid. It's impossible to keep them in binders as they are so bulky. As to my creative process, a page normally takes a minimum of one day to create, more often two.
with this Deer, these trees and skies,
Courtesy: Femi Owolabi
Wynkoop Brewing Company Black Triple Sixes
Although advertising can be a highly effective means of communication for those consumers who are exposed to it, it is becoming extremely difficult to reach with increased media fragmentation and costs of TVCs. Advertising on TV is a very costly affair and is done only when other vehicles cannot attain the objectives.
Niacin also lowers blood pressure due to its vasodilatory effect, so it should not be taken in conjunction with medications that treat high blood pressure. If a form of niacin known as inositol hexaniacinate is taken, the beneficial effects on cholesterol are maintained without incurring the problems of flushing, gout, and ulcers.
Everyone says that once you’re an addict, you’re always going to have to watch yourself and keep yourself in check because at any minute, you can give in to your cravings and wind up right back where you started.
Extra virgin olive oil, to coat well
I do not compromise my Self.
Then I played my ace in the hole. There was one time when I was a kid when I woke up burning up with fever from the pox. But the disease wasn’t the worst part. In my feverish sleep, I’d been having a nightmare – one of those awful, vivid dreams you wake up from and you’re still not sure if it was a dream, or real, or if you’ve really woken from it or if anything around you is real. You know the ones? Those dreams you have as a little kid where even when you wake up you’re still scared the dream will come get you? Yeah. One of those. I had woken up, and my mother came in and sat with me, and we stayed up most of the night talking about the nightmare I’d had and the nightmare we were living and everything else in between that we could think of.
This is the card I made for my friend Bron who is the Co-ordinator at our local Neighbourhood Centre where I am on the Management Committee ... She works tirelessly to make our Centre viable and a friendly comfortable place to visit. I made a box and filled it with choccies and a got a votive candle that I added some ribbon,a flower and Christmas rubons to but I forgot to take a photo ....
At one stage during the weekend we were a bit bogged down in the visioning process by not being clear in our minds about whether we were visioning what Newcastle could look like or what Transition Newcastle could look like. We started by visioning what Newcastle could look like and we had some common themes. I think it might have helped if we had just captured some of these common themes instead of trying to articulate what the vision was more specifically. In trying to get the vision in words, we slipped into a discussion of a vision statement for Transition Newcastle. This might be helpful down the track, but it wasn’t where Gabe was leading us in the process (nor was it what we were wanting from the weekend).
an assignment of at least a portion of said individual’s right to receive said payment to said third party sponsor in exchange for said spending vehicle;
Foods are delicious, for their fruits I go bananas!, pardon the pun, they have the sweetest everything!
- $0.50 coupon from redplum.com and I think from an insert, I just don't know the date.
6. I’ve known you long enough to know you love dark, tragic stories. What is their appeal for you?
This means that you can believe one of two things. Either the Welsh Assembly and the BBC are lying because they're engaged in some kind of pro-tobacco industry plot to undermine the smoking ban, or they are telling the truth and the smoking ban is deterring the Beeb from filming more shows in Wales. If you look at the output of both the BBC and the Welsh Assembly in recent years, I think it's pretty clear that if they are are engaged in a pro-smoking conspiracy, it has been phenomenally well-camouflaged.
But you came to me and opened my eyes You gave me a brand new life
On the April 16 episode of “The Daily Show,” they showed a picture of a naked woman with her legs spread and a nativity scene ornament placed in between. Stewart said, “Maybe women could protect their reproductive organs from unwanted medical intrusions with vagina mangers.” The segment was done to mock Fox News for allegedly not covering stories on the so-called war on women.
The sixth volume of the 7-part series, ‘The Honey Trap Files’ featuring our erstwhile heroine, C.J. Mills, is now available to downloads FREE at Smashwords.
And yes...there was no planning permission for these constructions. The veranda was built, we think, in around 1980 and the roof terrace was set up in about 1989, by the previous owner of the whole property. We all purchased our properties in the house in the full knowledge that some things were perhaps not quite "en ordre", however this is the case for practically every building in the city. If you start dobbing people in for the irregular works committed by the owner before the owner before the owner who sold them the property, the fun will never end.
If the browser takes you to a mobile site, such as BBC mobile, by default you can also opt to display the full desktop site. This is well worth taking advantage of on a 10.1-inch screen, and the 1GHz speed of the Acer Iconia Tab A200 is easily up to the task.
On a more personal level, one of the biggest changes for me this was meeting a group of quilters my age who have become firm friends. It's a real pleasure to be able to get together for cutting, sewing, chatting, laughing and brownies!
It was on this Ísland that I started to feel home. Not in the sense that I want to live there (although I do, and could, and might)…but more that I felt at home with myself; a level of comfort that maybe I once had, but that I thought had migrated permanently elsewhere.
A sudden flash of daylight and the stranger was gone. A collective sigh filled the room and murmurs and whispers filled the air as the door swung shut once again.
This recipe is pretty flexible. On occasion I'll had add red pepper flakes, minced lemon zest, chopped olives or even a bit of grated Parmesan. If you really dislike anchovies in any form then just leave those out and use salt instead.
Because I’m learning to tame the lions.
Here are some highlights of the event. And not to worry, we will share our pictures of the dessert table next week, as we were so honored to have Elizabeth Messina shoot the dessert table for us!
Next up, there is the breathless romantic hopefulness of Katherine Mansfield's Feuille d'Album. As always when I read Mansfield, I admire her but find her a bit lispingly charming and clinging to a rather girlish femininity.
Dash pepper
Work, not so much...I'm in a state of flux.
This time we get to look at the actual brewing equipment at Bernard's Slateford Road brewery. Exciting or what?
en el borde cortado del Ovalo Largo. Después cortale los lados
mind chart is relative to reality, always
This book keeps you wondering and wondering, and seriously wondering since even on the very last page you still don't know who the killer is, which is of course one of the reasons I can't wait for the next book in the series! This is a good book, I enjoyed the characters, and Lydia, she's one Amish gal who has good reason to question whether or not she should be Amish...she has some secrets of her own, but then you learn that things are being kept from her as well. You'd think the entire book was full of secrets, it's not. There's some good old fashioned forgiveness as well and with that comes the mending of a few broken hearts!
She’s the main character in Cordelia’s Honor and a minor character in the rest of the Vorkosigan SF series. She starts the book as a captain of a survey starship.
OF LOVE, OF GOD
Nebuchadnezzar would rule for 44 years total all the way to 561 B.C. (which means at this point Daniel would have been in Babylon for 44 years. remember that he was taken into captivity the first year of Nebby’s reign)
And if I ever make it onto the real bachelor…I will be the one breathing in & out of the brown paper bag & mumbling…..but I LOVE him!
It might be a matter of perspective. While a comedian like Lee can introduce characters on MADtv, we view his own personal take on confronting those stereotypes. NBC’s Last Comic Standing first season winner, Vietnamese comedian Dat Phan, focuses primarily on everyday life, self-depreciation and racial stereotypes.
Know when you sell: resist bombarding your recipient with deals, promises, customer testimonials or pricing information. B2B email marketing differs from B2c email marketing since the recipient can be a business, not really a consumer. In the b2b and b2c email marketing, you ought to write the niche line that comprise a compelling message to your audience and deliver it inside the right voice. The amount and excellence of rental email lists available also don’t match in B2B and B2B.
Sometimes, late a night, I crave ice cream. Not even a special kind of ice cream, I just want a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Plain jane vanilla. I’m allowed to have 1/2 a cup of that… once a week.
I love this paper line!
When I arrived, she was still distressed, but the photo frame was working just fine (and had been—no lines, no dollar amounts). At that point she was feeling bad about not knowing that what she “saw” earlier wasn’t real. I tried to empathize with her: “Mom, it must be so confusing for you when people tell you that what you’re seeing isn’t real. It’s your brain playing tricks on you. I’m so sorry you’re having to go through that.” And I am sorry. Very sorry. My poor Mama.
“Trinity! Another dance?” And before the raven’s lips touched mine, the buck drew me away and into another foot-pounding jig. I looked forlornly over my shoulder at the man whose lips I had almost tasted. He watched us for several moments before shrugging his shoulders, after which, he threaded his way through the crowd and around the tables.
Dianne is a wonderful combination of mom / big sister / favorite aunt and we can talk about so many things. She's also a mom, though her son is considerably older than mine (by 20 some years!). She's been a good resource for parenting advice and I am constantly inspired by her creativity and touched by her generosity.
I made my grandpa a present, inspired by your advice and suggestions. I took some of my very best photos of San Francisco and created a beautiful hard-bound printed book, with a preface of a personal letter that some of you suggested I write.
Rohmer's profound wisdom is sorely missed in much of modern cinema. Let's not forget his shining example. As for me, I now have more of a resolve to learn as much from him about the human experience as possible through his other films.
Brazil’s government-controlled prices for gasoline will not be raised even after the country’s currency hit its weakest level since 2009, Finance Minister Guido Mantega said on Tuesday.
Reading the first one I was off in a hurry to get the second one. The brothers dynamic is perfect. The second book I got fell back into immediately the moment I opened up the book. This time Ethan is the main character but still all the brothers are there.
Better run to good “inflation hedges” like gold and other commodities. That did the trick. The commodities speculative bubble resumed. And boy, oh boy, what a boom. An April report by expert Jeremy Grantham looks at the last decade’s bubble in commodities; Frank Veneroso expands upon that in a more recent report. Here’s the elevator speech summary. Take the top 33 commodities that are globally traded,everything from gold and oil to to rubber, flaxseed, jute, plywood, and something called diammonium phosphate. Over the past 110 years, an index price of these 33 commodities has declined at an annual rate of 1.2% per year. (Sure there are variations across the commodities—this is the average. And so much for inflation hedges. Commodities prices fell—they did not keep up with inflation. If you liked negative returns, commodities were a good bet.) Although demand for these 33 commodities has increased a lot over the century, new production techniques plus successful exploration has resulted in a declining price trend.
Yesterday I didn't just not exercise....I completely forgot about exercising! That's a first during this challenge.
i-love-you with a frown
would dance whenever pop music came on TV, quite
In what then seemed to be a self–congratulating confirmation of their delusions, Europeans began to precipitously proffer awards to those Africans who seemed to bear out their faith of their own evangelism. Robert Mugabe, for example, was awarded The Africa Prize for Leadership for the Sustainable End of Hunger in 1988 with the comment that his agricultural programs "Pointed the way not only for Zimbabwe but for the entire African continent.”
My husband refused to put his head in the dinosaur's mouth so I had to do it! LOL
This obscene movie was speaking such gut-wrenching truths! Government and organized religion will use whatever means to crush anyone in their path. Yeah, sure, I felt I knew that stuff before—but seeing it so brutally, ruthlessly, unashamedly displayed and portrayed on film WAS a revelation!
200 gm Neutral vegetable oil, such as sunflower or soybean
Broccoli is a healthy veggie which I have noticed only after coming to US.It looks similar to cauliflower but is got a bright greeny color.Earlier I made the Baked broccoli cutlets.This time I tried the same style as we prepare the cauliflower stir fry and made this stir fry.The biggest suspense is that nobody at home ever understood that its broccoli,when I prepared it for the first time.Now,I have frequently added this veggie to the menu and it's a real yummy delicious & healthy stir fry :)
Whether the QB can remain ambulatory is certainly a cause for concern, however, as Rothlisberger has battled ankle issues during the end of the season, taking a beating in the team’s divisional games, particularly against the Cleveland Browns. In the series finale against Cleveland, the Browns also managed to knock out Pittsburgh’s leading rusher RB Rashard Mendenhall with a knee injury. Mendenhall is not likely to play against Denver.
Whatever the answer, I’ve created a mother’s commandment: “Thou shalt not SHOULD on thyself!” Relax and do the best you can…and have a Happy Mother’s Day!
But I don't write for the newspaper, dang it, and there should be standards. Has the press no pride?
Has a distinct piney/citrus smell. It’s bottle conditioned and you can see the sediment in the bottle, though my sample was from a ceramic mug, so I don’t have any information regarding color or clarity. Taste is sweet and candy-like. A decent representation of the IPA style but not sure I’d rush out to find more unless I was doing an IPA-tribute sampling because it only seems to be available in bombers.
Join 9 other followers
It was down right crazy to think that in that moment she knew him, too, that she had taken a note of him in her restaurant, and remembered passing him by the other morning.
Here are bits and pieces from name and crest sites:
I’m sorry but.. what the fuck?
Instead of going to the movies we subscribe to Netflix. For just $10 a month we get great movies sent to our mailbox! I can't imagine how much it would cost for us (8 at home) to see a movie!!
If converting food crops to fuel seems like madness defined, Elizabeth Rosenthal, writing in the April 6th New York Tmes, reported that “Each year, an ever larger portion of the world’s crops—cassava and corn, sugar and palm oil—is being diverted for biofuels as developed countries pass laws mandating greater use of nonfossel fuels and as emerging powerhouses like China seek new sources of energy to keep their cars and industries running.” Wasting food? That’s the stuff of revolution everywhere.
I wanted Dark Goddess to acknowledge what had happened in DK and move Billi’s story on. She’s changed and so has her relationship with the other Templars. She’s one of them, there is no question of that now. Even Gwaine has a grudging respect for her. But the key change is Billi and her dad, Arthur. We know why he’d been so hard on her in DK and now he can be more honest. But they’ve gone too far and there will never be that sort openness and demonstration of love. It’s sad but both have been damaged by the choices they’ve made and one of the issues Billi faces is becoming too much like Arthur, cold, ruthless and thinking of the job and nothing else.
Quarter Yard for binding (3 strips cut 2.5" x WOF)
2. THE DARKEST HOUR, your second book will also feature Detective Ella Marconi I believe. Can you give us an overview of what's in store for her?
now are kneeling to beg for today and not for salvation,
Currently, most Western Christians commemorate:
This concluding gesture works pretty well on the film's own terms, functioning as a fittingly sobering payoff to carefully planted details earlier in the film. But to my mind, it also exposes the film's major flaw, one that prevents Mother from fully transcending its genre trappings: Just as the film's twists and turns feel more like immaculately plotted twists and turns than anything else, its payoff feels too much like, well, a cleverly worked-out-in-advance sick-joke payoff. The film is undeniably a well-plotted detective story, one that, as the ad-copy cliché goes, "will keep you on the edge of your seat and guessing." When it comes to adding up to more than the sum of its plot twists, however...well, for me, it comes up just a tad short. Mother plays more like a portrait of an obsessive mother imposed onto a procedural structure rather than a procedural structure that opens out into a portrait of an obsessive mother. There's something a bit too programmed about it for it to be as deeply disturbing as it wants to be.
Do you ever get tired of waiting? It is a part of life. We wait in line at the grocery store. We wait in line at our favorite department stores. We wait in line to buy fast food. We wait for appointments at the doctor and dentist office. We wait for services at the hair and nail salon. We wait for the computer to accomplish various tasks. Even with high speed Internet connections, it still seems that we have to wait longer than we should. Or perhaps, I'm just extremely impatient where computer tasks are concerned.
Our kids would often hang out in the driveways together. They were a great match. My boys don’t have sisters and her girls don’t have brothers. My boy’s mom is a fast blinker and her girl’s mom is a slow blinker.
Though I was also all excited when the movement started, now in hindsight I can see it was doomed to fail right from the start. First of all, how can one even imagine any institution will seriously pass a law that will seriously hurt its own interests? Let me draw a comparison with the independence struggle. All that the British stood to lose was some income for Britain as a country. The individual officers did not stand to lose much. Many of them might have actually even been happier leaving hostile foreigners behind and going back to their homes. Compared to that, if a serious Lok Pal is passed, many bureaucrats and politicians stand to lose almost everything they have built all their life – their name, their fame, their wealth and even their freedom. What worse can Team Anna and co do? At best they can be a minor irritant.
Another black hat covers one of Jerusalem’s city gates. The stone face has soulless eyes and the gate is its mouth. “The Jew” has devoured the Al-Aqsa Mosque, the only colorful object in the picture. As a more materialist sort of gangster, the stereotypical Jew appears in a black hat, black sunglasses, a gun belt and a Magen David instead of a sheriff’s star - or the yellow star.
“Aaaa..” Sooyoung screamed when she felt that someone grab her arms.
22 Civic Theater Wolverhampton, England
War-weary worlds watch
Happy Weekend To You All
There are few people I have disliked as much in my life. She made my life an utter misery. Because she didn't understand what was going on half the time she just muddied waters constantly. I was so relieved when I eventually moved teams. But with her reporting my every move to the bosses the tone was set. But I still had another five years to serve. At least it wouldn't be with her.
Supporting abortion
When we next see Bond, he’s in Madagascar and working with a much greener agent to capture a bomb maker. We get this huge parkour chase sequence (with the bomb maker being played by Sebastian Foucan, one of parkour’s founders) through the city that winds through a construction site and ends at the Nambutu foreign embassy. It’s a fantastic sequence that highlights the raw physicality of Craig’s Bond. His target runs over obstacles and squeezes through tiny holes while Bond runs through them, combining his power with his intelligence to continually close the distance on the target. At the embassy we see that his intelligence has limits; far from being invincible, Craig’s Bond makes plenty of mistakes, like he does at the end of the sequence when he kills the bomb maker inside embassy grounds and in plain sight of a security camera.
Five show nights and one staff preview shows down, two more to go. 35,000 tickets sold, and still counting…
-Arabian Proverb
Take them out of the oven and leave aside to cool for about 15-20 minutes, after which you can turn it onto a wire rack and wait for it to cool completely.
I presented these ideas on my radio show and, it being talk radio, a medium favoured by the mature, many shared accurate insights. You know you've turned 50 when:
Th. = Thursday
woo baby woo woo baby
This category is PROBABLY going to be the bane of my existence. Up, Fox and Coraline are probably locks. Frog is the forst 2D Disney in almost six years, and had a really good reception if only because of that. But Cloudy fits the less-than-artistic last minute surprise (Surf's Up, Shark Tale, Jimmy Neutron, Bolt, etc) - except for the fact it's not last minute. That gives me JUST ENOUGH reason to not predict it. Ponyo HAS missed precursors, but it's still HAYAO MOTHERFUCKING MIYAZAKI. THEY GAVE HIM A WIN. AND NOMINATED HIM FOR HOWL'S. I'm a denial-prone fanboy, sure, but I would imagine there would be some as well in the Academy.
Platypus Cylindricus
-I didn't do my hair or get ready for chorus because I didn't go to chorus.
... then played statues, puzzle races, a hula-hoop relay and ring-a-ring-of-rosies. Jasmine didn't want the same games as Elijah had at his party, and sagely requested the last one saying it would be "good for when everybody's too excited and overwhelmed"!!
And the most difficult question, what, if anything can be done to change course on what appears to the inevitable road to our destruction?.
In this analogy, the watering applies to the gardener, not the garden. Be good to yourself. Don't allow yourself to get dehydrated. Celebrate your successes and hard work by rewarding yourself with regular glugs of fresh water. Or gin.
The woods began to open up onto what had once been lush suburban lawns. Xu Guan paused briefly, eyeing the houses suspiciously. The once verdant lawns were now brown and choked with weeds. Wooden privacy fences were in disrepair. Several of the houses had large signs attached to them. Xu Guan couldn’t read the English but he recognized the symbol of skull and crossbones on many of the signs. Any one of the houses could be occupied by angry Americans, Xu Guan realized … angry Americans looking to protect themselves and their supplies. Xu Guan knew all too well that most of the Americans were armed and perfectly willing to shoot anyone they felt threatened them.
America’s favorite travel accessory.Today’s drivers never have to babysit and waste time pumping their own gas again. No more over fills, spills, and wasted gas resulting in savings at every fuel stop. GasBuddy users have more free time to safety check their vehicle’s tires, wipers oil and engine. GasBuddy delivers a safer and better driving experience!
They are all around you, the only thing is that those of the likes of Bhishma or Krishna can see right through them. For rest, it is no need to know who is Karna as their life of arrogance will get affected and so will Karna’s charm.
Why, then, does no one else in my family have an eating disorder? Why am I the one who has to struggle day after day with bulimia? Why am I the only one who has other serious mental illnesses?
Third party co-pay insurance scams and new medical treatments covered by annual State and Federal mandate are the cause for rising healthcare costs regardless of the reason for the doctor visit. People that choose to smoke pay for their healthcare as well as the healthcare of indigent non-smokers through the extortionist taxation schemes implemented by the State and Federal Government at the urging of “non-profit” NGO’s specifically because those “non-profits” benefit directly from that extortion as well.
What is the difference between stuffing and dressing? I am glad you asked! One is stuffed and one dresses the table. I am not sure where I heard or read this but it makes perfect sense. I thought it was a southern/northern thing. Maybe it is. I do not come from a family of stuffers, we are dressers! Always have been and always will be. I have experienced the result of "stuffers" and I am determined to stick with dressing on the side!
I try to get to bed by 10:00... but usually it's more like 11:00 or 12:00.
This is an indie guitar album that has dance beats mixed in, in a nonintrusive way. Other biographies of the band state that it is camped right in the middle of Britpop and Grunge, but I would classify Eternal Happiness as a pop album. It is based around the extraordinary vocal ability of Elizabeth Freeth. Her voice is more distinctive and has shrugged off the slightly twee indiepop tone. Eternal Happiness another forgotten album of the early nineties.
Right after work on Monday, we headed back to Home Depot to get a new faucet. After standing in the aisle for a good half hour, trying to decide which one we liked best, we headed home, where Jake installed this:
they are little dancing blurs of energy.
Says it all really.
Yes! It takes time, it takes perseverance, it takes patience but mostly it takes constant faith and firmness. Many of us have already done big part of the journey; are we going to give up now? Do we think that the Lord is a liar? Are we sure that we have heard from God? Thus, let’s wait and wait upon the Lord, full in confidence. Don’t throw away your confidence, you are too close now! Don’t throw away your assurance. Don’t throw away your trust. He trusted you with His blood, trust Him back!
With now just FOUR games to go, I still believe the title race is pretty much ‘on’. So do City – the words ‘goal’ and ‘difference’ so clear in their eyes as they pushed 6 past Norwich on the weekend. So does the media – Match of the Day recognising the Montage + Batman soundtrack = anything-is-epic formula (ever listened to the Dark Knight OST at the gym? do so). And so does Mancini, however much he says that it’s over – my favourite quote this weekend, after a 6-1 away victory, “today is not important”. Right.
Pinsky said there were hearings and reviews at all levels of government, and the IDA board is made up of elected officials or their designees.
Many thanks to Audrey Kalman and Melissa Crytzer Fry, both of whom nominated me to play Lucky 7 with my WIP. These women are wonderful bloggers and I suggest you take a moment and check out their blogs. You won’t be disappointed. Audrey’s posts about the craft of writing are helpful and often make me think of aspects of writing from a new angle. And Melissa pays tribute to Arizona’s natural world as she asks questions that apply to writing in particular, and life in general.
When a Christian reads this change and hears the words of Jesus time and time again throughout the New Testament that “the Kingdom of God is upon you” and that it is now, not set in some ephemeral plane sometime after we die, it should inspire. As people suffer under in the Kingdom of Man, to know that God wants us to enact the Kingdom of God here and now on this earth should provide fresh motivation. It should spur the believer to decisive action and announce the Gospel as the good news to the poor, the sick, the homeless, the hungry, the orphan and the oppressed. For, as the Hebrew rendition of this prayer suggests, God’s will shall be done on earth. As Christians, it is our responsibility to make that happen.
Or we try to run around, taking detours
Personally, I loved Slice of Cherry, there were some scenes I could've done without, though. I hate eyeball scenes, for example. Ick! There are also a few references to scenes that are a bit too "adult" in nature. I say that to reinterate that this isn't exactly an ideal book for all teens, despite the YA rating.
The bowl was served with the lightest potatoes and I felt it melted in the mouth.
I hefted the frozen chicken delightedly as I headed for my own house. I was already formulating a list of questions for the children.
POTCHEFSTROOM: Elderly woman (70’s) paralysed after brutal attack on farm.
Advantage: Elegant solution. Renaming will not cause e-mails.
Vit A – Helps prevent infection, protects eyes, essential for growth & reproduction
Chief among this break area's positives was the fairly constant flow of female cast members clad in classic Fantasyland style.
A yet unseen entity in Body Double, Brian De Palma's stylish ode to stalking in L.A., has pretty much based the entirety their devious plan around on the habitual nature of one who lives to leer at others. A skittish actor, one who flirts with unemployment on a semi-regular basis, named Jake Scully (Craig Wasson) literally hurls himself into the heady world of voyeurism, indoor plant care, covert tailing, and pornography. After finding his live-in lady friend (Barbara Crampton) mounting the retractable stain-maker of another man (her face glowing in response to the quality its retractability), the actor in the light brown corduroy blazer suddenly finds himself homeless.
I’ve been frolicking in foreign lands, but made sure I returned in time to catch the Auckland Writers and Readers Festival. As always, between sessions the foyer was packed (I later found out that attendance was up 21 percent from last year) and there were queues in front of the bookstore, the signing table and the coffee karts. Everywhere people were talking excitedly about what they’d just seen, or were about to see.
Aiming at the dreams of the innocent, people who had a right to look forward for a brighter future for their country and themselves. Free of being bullied, hated and looked down upon because of being different only to have a dark shadow cast over them by the invasion of the soldiers.
Not so bad. I thought as I turned up the heat in my truck, I’ll find some motel, grab a bite to eat, and be out of here in the morning. Hell, what could go wrong?
"The reason we struggle with insecurity
too much
Some of Tracy's ideas for the character that stuck included substituting the use of matches with a Zippo lighter. Tracy had difficulties lighting the matches with one hand and convinced the director to let him use a Zippo lighter, as every veteran he ever met had one. The suit that Tracy wears throughout the film was bought by him off the rack, at his insistence.
Asked to write on the subject of 'Power Over My Life', in the form of an acrostic, one boy from Somali wrote :
And today I see the same declaration across this nation. As Mumia Abu-Jamal and Kevin Cooper stated in their articles in the Occupied Oakland Tribune news lette: Don’t forget the prisoners! Don’t forget Death Row! We’re with you. We support you! We are also the 99%, as we declared in protest back here on Death Row.
The deformed metal skeletons of structures loomed over my head. I could still see the shattered glass panels that were hanging precariously in place, the charred interiors, stonework crumbling and ripped away. Bricks and boulders and steel beams were still strewn across the street in the less-used areas, starting to accumulate moss in the damp. Thankfully most of the bodies had been removed from the main city but I’m sure, in a city that size with millions of people, there are still thousands out there, locked up and unburied. The underground had been sealed off since it all began, and no one dared venture down into the endless, fetid tunnels. So many people had sealed themselves away down there, like they had done before, but there was no more safety there than above ground. It was everywhere and there was no escape. No one knows for sure but from my own experience, I would say that the percentage of deaths from suicide in the immediate aftermath would be around 30-35%. God knows I thought about it myself, but it wouldn’t have been fair to all the people I watched die.
Thinking of making this to be yet another collaboration! That is, if Doyora approves of this.
Sometimes I'm gonna have to lose
Gosh Special Effect Powder(bottom Left) in(left to right) Greeny, Rose Gold, Fox
The fabulous Soska Sisters broke the news that their follow up feature to Dead Hooker in a Trunk is heading to Cannes. The hotly anticipated American Mary will have it's premiere at the next week at the cool ass Cannes Film Fest.
Is art imitating life, or is TLC making gads of money from this insane minority?
Notice that you hear nothing about a house or a sign? But of course when we want to look at Krsna’s horoscope we want to know what his rising sign was and so forth – that is fine – but that’s not how the ancient Indian Astrologers looked at it.
YES! Menstrual cups cost between $20-40, depending on the brand and can last for 10+ years. They'll pay for themselves after just a few cycles.
We don't see their faces. We have no communication with them. We've effectively dehumanised them. They're just 'out there', lying in wait for anyone who sticks their head above the parapet.
Lakota Windsong, one of our main tauren operatives in Thousand Needles.
Rock-a-Doodle
Bringing Scotch into my book was easy: the themes surrounding the drink seemed to fall into place with themes that already existed there, those of roots and faking power and child vs. adult taste buds.
Loving includes that person who just ran me off my freeway lane, or the person who treated me like something on the bottom of their shoe while I was in the grocery check out line. This does not mean I agree with that person, or that he/she didn't just hurt me or make me feel angry.
And loves me like Jesus does.
The blades can be fairly rectangular or quite pointed. The points should be at least 1/2 inch wide or you will have problems with bulky seams. A good rule of thumb is for the pointy ends to be between 2 and .5 inches wide and for the tops of the blades to be 3-6 inches wide. Each fan will need 6-9 blades, depending on the width of the blades.
"S'nice, is that. S'ver' nice . . . ver', ver' nice . . . zzz . . ."
To save any of you from the emotional and financial stress of such a situation, just take my word for it. Use only original photographs, non-copyrighted photographs with whom you have written permission to use, or stock photos you have purchased. Trust me...
Constipation, sometimes severe
Have a great two weeks and we'll be back with the next challenge on 11th August
I could go on and on about the experiences of these couples throughout their week-long pledge, but I’ll try to summarize my favorite parts instead.
have not been able to describe even 1% of my experience of
Variously formated (html/pdf/doc) briefings include:
parishioners were
Lighthouse Coffee Cafe is not just a cafe but also a coffee school in Penang. Been serving good coffee on the island for years, the cafe makes a perfect place for coffee appreciation and small gathering among the coffee enthusiasts. With more than 20 varieties of coffee to offer, I am glad to have discovered this wonderful breakfast spot during one of my regular pilgrimage to the island.
22222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222
Has this change downgraded my condition from Right Royal Bastard to Lord of Benign ? Yes. Has it adversely affected my ability to ‘Do’ ? I’m not quite sure yet … more evidence needs to be gathered.
In this major survey three distinguished historians, James Campbell, Patrick Wormald and Eric John, have produced an exciting introduction to the field. Although the Lost Centuries between AD 400 and 600 suffer from a scarcity of written sources, and only two writers, King Alfred and the Venerable Bede, dominate our understanding of later times, the authors have created a rich and thought-provoking account of the stormy era when Britain became Christian and sustained several waves of Viking invaders.
- the lovely sunny day today, despite the cold
Trivia: Daniel Craig actually rejected the part of James Bond a year before as he had felt that the series had settled into a standard formula. He changed his mind when he read the finished script.
Each year, I send around $25 to $30 million to the Common School Trust Fund. This is interest on the more than $400 Million in unclaimed property I oversee. That money is then used to by new books for all public school libraries in the state!
On the couch....
Backboned of redbrick
Doctor Jeremy Davis came running into the room. He saw Kevin and asked him, “What happen?” “I was checking Henry’s grocery on Phillips Street to make sure the doors were secure when someone shot me in the back. God it hurts doc!” Kevin replied. Dr. Davis proceeded to help Kevin lay down on his stomach on the examination table. And as the doctor began to pull up Kevin’s shirt he noticed there was no bullet hole in his shirt. He examined Kevin’s back and he saw no gunshot wound. “Kevin are you sure you were shot in the back? There is no entry point.” “Doc, are you blind? I felt the blood running down my leg.” Kevin’s uniform was a dark, blue-black and made of thick polyester. It was made to resist any discoloration or stain. Then Dr. Davis looked everywhere, and still he saw no bullet hole in Kevin’s back or his clothing. He shrugged his shoulders at the nurse. Then Dr. Davis began questioning Kevin. “Kevin are you sure you were shot? There are no bullet holes anywhere in your back or in your uniform.” Kevin hadn’t even thought about the doctor looking for a hole in his clothing. “Just find the bullet in my body and don’t worry about my clothes” Kevin demanded. Dr. Davis then proceeded as he told Kevin to pull off his uniform completely, so he could find and treat the wound.
Today we, the church, have decided to make it known that we don’t care about God as much as we care about self. We would rather have a program that keeps us happy over a mission trip that make us sleep without AC or heat. We would rather the band play the songs we know than to worship God as if He was who we know. We would rather the preacher keep it short so that we don’t miss the football game instead of missing the football game because we asked the preacher if he would spend a couple of extra hours teaching us the Bible. We would rather argue the politics of welfare than to take a cooler of sandwich meat and drinks into the homeless hangouts of our town and feed and eat with them as we share the gospel.
An exceptionally gentle body wash that does not contain harsh sulfate surfactants. Made with certified organic botanical extracts, plant-derived ingredients and essential oils for daily health and well-being. Natural ingredients may have color variations. Packed with nourishing antioxidants to leave skin sparkling clean, hydrated and healthy. It's luxuriously rich lather is deliciously infused with pure essential oils for a softly scented and silky smooth finish.
There's definitely something about the earthquakes the scientists are not telling us. Something in those gas vapors from the Earth's flatulence makes people in the regions where earthquakes occur frequently battier than others. If you read the comments at the article you will be surprised to note that people are more irritated with the IRS than the fact that this great-grandma was selling suicide kits. What a world we live in !!
The Renault F1 Team and Altran today launched the seventh season of a unique competition with a proven track record of bringing young engineering talent into F1: the Altran Engineering Academy.
I consider this album a very experimental one: it was practically created in a modest fisherman's house that we rented in Búzios, in a communitarian spirit. It marked my 'hippie' era...
IN BOWL OF STAND MIXER fitted with paddle attachment, combine first 5 ingredients
That's all I was able to manage. We were so busy all weekend getting ready and cleaning and prepping some of the food and decorating and moving furniture that I didn't get the photos I was hoping to. She loved it and was happy, so that's all that matters.
This weeks photo is linked to Kim Klassen's Cafe
Vincent LaForet was the first to popularise the 5DmkII with his film, “Reverie.” After Reverie hit the internet a wave of young, old and new filmmakers rushed out to pick up the new camera. As LaForet recently mentioned during an interview panel at Sundance with Rob Legato, Jacob Rosenberg and Sharlto Copley, “…someone once said I was the best thing to happen to Canon and the worst thing to happen to Canon….” (watch the full interview here)
· 8.3 million disabled wage earners, over 5% of U.S. workers, were receiving Social Security Disability (SSDI) benefits at the conclusion of March, 2011.
Stranger Tides is an odd shade.. kind of a mix of kahki and gray? I don't even know how to describe it. I'm not so sure I like this one as it seems kind of reminiscent to zombie nails... or what I would guess a zombie's nails would look like. I can't see me getting a lot of wear out of this one, so I am glad that this is a mini.
I am getting a big response on providing a GF menu. I am working on it right now so I can get it out very soon. :)
The jury is left to decide if Addy’s client is truly injured or pushing an insurance scam to its limit.
Will love stay in the wings this time around? Or is this Vera's eleven o'clock number after all?
May 5 – Summerville, GA – Finster Fest w/ Patterson Hood, Nikki Lane, Bohannons
his flanks unflinching warm;
like a hankie spent with
Regardless of anything else, it's a day to show and share your love for Star Wars. May the Fourth Be With You!
Amelia Patton is the daughter of earl and is now thrust into the marriage market. She does not want to be there especially now that she has had a forbidden kiss from a would be thief. She will find his identity and their lives will be interwoven as love blossoms between them. But family will make it difficult as their families are sworn enemies all because of a past discretion.
Know that all is well in my world..
A sad side-effect of corporate-driven capitalism: Money is valued above all things — even the freedom of others.
The tax collector who GAVE AWAY $1.7 Million of our tax dollars to his friends did not collect $52 million in taxes and is still on our payroll.
The road blockade was ultimately lifted in the evening after Additional Superintendent of Police Dipnarayan Goswami went to the spot and talked to the agitators.
“In pursuing a career, you need a lot of support from your family. My wife has always supported me all the way. I’m still faithful to her,” he says with a laugh.
First up, Kevin Carr…
"British soldiers are guilty of torture, rape and murder. Those British soldiers have blood on their hands.
And be sure to use valid filenames before uploading, NOT
And I’d end by saying have no fear
Roll up for the underpants show
· Shame leads one to protect oneself, and helps us understand our dignity and value.
I'm proud of myself, too, you know. It takes commitment, a little sacrifice (of sleep, mostly), and plain old determination to give your kids something that no one else in the family has: Mandarin.
Sometimes I see my martial arts training the same way. To me what looks all bright and beautiful is really nothing more than a weed. Right now, my pending nidan grading is starting to feel a lot like the weedy end of the spectrum.
I was in New York recently and every morning I’d walk to the gallery along the High Line. It’s a park that opened in 2009 along a post-industrial railway line – an elevated, landscaped walkway. You have a completely different relationship with the city: instead of dodging cabs, you glide through it on this lawned escalator.
Ohio has the "Castle Doctrine" that applies in your home and vehicle, but it does not have a "Stand your Ground" law. The three conditions that legally apply in Ohio, and other states, if you want to claim self-defense for using deadly force are:
Teachers’ union officials say the atmosphere in Central Falls schools is extremely negative, while district officials point to a spike in teacher absenteeism as one of the reasons for ongoing behavior issues in some schools this year.
But, please everyone....even though us Bunnies are the cutest things ever, please DO NOT go out and buy a live bunny as a gift or decoration or on a whim. That will make for a very unhappy Easter.
Dutch obstetrics from 18th century forward found a way to exist in balance with Dutch midwifery through the 20th century in a way that was an example to the world. It’s a shame that the US model of maternity care was the one that the rest of the industrialized world imitated instead of the Dutch model.
I recommend it for: The reader that is passionate about women’s affairs and/or world affairs.
wonders and adventures
“Mr. Kelly told Jewish leaders Wednesday evening that the attackers planned simultaneous attacks, and the men planned to leave the bombs in the cars in front of the two synagogues, drive back to Newburgh and retrieve cellphone-detonating devices and then proceed with the attack on the air base— simultaneously shooting down aircraft while remotely setting off the devices in the cars.”
And the man says, "Because you're fucking ugly."
I’d already commissioned Anna to write for TERROR TALES OF THE LAKE DISTRICT before I’d read LITTLE PIG, but I read LITTLE PIG before she delivered her Lake District story, and I knew straight away that I’d made the right choice. Great to see that others – Ellen Datlow no less – agree.
I binged today. 3 donuts. 1 escargot pastry. 2 english muffins, 2 pre-packaged desserts that didn’t even taste any good. I have every intention to finish writing & vomit so I can take the laxatives that are calling to me. I had to buy a new bottle 2 days ago. The first time the person serving me hasn’t said something like “oh love, you know these are addictive?” & I smile sweetly. “Of course” I say. “They’re not for me, they’re for my grandmother. Can I have a receipt please?” One grandmother is dead, the other I suspect still alive but probably not for much longer. Apparently I met her once when I was a baby.
That, plus the ladies on The View — even the super braintrusty ones! — think you are an idiot and a liar. (But don’t worry, they are mostly Jews and blahs.)
Preheat oven to 325 F. Cover cookie sheets in parchment paper, silpat sheets, or lightly oil them. Toast the sesame seeds in a heavy skillet over medium heat until they are golden brown.
1 small fennel bulb, trimmed and cut into thin strips (review a few fronds for garnish)
The gravel trail is level but frailty comes
SS: But that’s what we were for a long time.
1/2 cup (1 stick) room temperature unsalted butter
Here is some pictures of the new product and some samples I made:
Ink: Memento Tuxedo Black and Ranger Distress Ink in Stormy Sky
Why wait? Let the preparation begin in my heart. May each of the 40 days ahead be a celebration of the gifts God gives to us every day....Joy. Peace. Hope. Love. Life. Abundant Life...to name a few.
I used the ice cream sprinkles around the edge of the page & then added some glitter to the sprinkles on the ice cream cone. I also added the "cool treats" sentiment from the set as a recipe tab. By the way, this ice cream is REALLY GOOD & it's totally fun to make with a group of kids. It's our 4th of July tradition in our neighborhood.
Sky: "You did what?! Was this big white wedding just an excuse to find your father?"
* I am thankful for the outlet of blogging and reading blogs!
C.C. Panneston Finally US
Subconsciously, maybe the reader in me saw what was coming and tried to nudge me in a different direction. I don’t know.
When I decided to bring the challenges back (uh, after a few emails...hee hee...thanks girls)...I didn't know if anyone would play or not...Thank You all for playing and making my heart SMILE!
Things haven’t changed much at all. This photo was taken in June 2011(mid summer LOL) when we paid a visit. The Marine Hotel in the distance, and the end of the promenade just visible above the line of breakwaters.
After our drinks and nibbles we went home to watch a film on TV. The Black Swan. I enjoyed it but I think Mr K might have been a tad bored with ballet...after all with 3 daughters he has watched an awful lot over the years. He'd rather be watching football now. Anyway the film was a bit dark without a happy ending.
Hollyoaks: Jorgie Porter (Theresa McQueen)
Since negotiating is a pretty essential part of the attorney job description, I’ve had to build up a tolerance for it over the past few years. And despite that fact that I wouldn’t consider it a natural skill of mine, I feel as though I’ve become… well, respectfully proficient at the art of deal-making. However, nothing that I’ve faced in my career to date has readied me for this.
The goal of the exhibit is to address the many facets of death. One entire section of the Chicago Cultural Center is devoted to Mexico’s Day of the Dead. This portion of the exhibit contains a funeral procession of death-related artwork including altar paintings, drawings, and photography.
When we’re at home, the TM and I are pretty good about making various vegetarian foods and keeping it pretty interesting. She’s developed a fantasic recipe for bean enchiladas that continues to evolve. I made some pretty decent vegetarian chili. I’ve eaten tofu hot dogs at least a couple of times without wanting to kill myself.
3. Education. We’d give a few million to St. Matthew Catholic School in Phoenix, where I did my JV year, which works with the very-poor children of immigrants in Phoenix. A few million to the Boys and Girls club, and a few million to Most Holy Rosary School and Bishop Ludden High School back home. We’d remember to think locally, too, and give a million each to the poorer Catholic Schools here in Tucson, and maybe some to the public schools servicing low-income students. I’d also like to to work out an investment so we could set up a grant to be paid from the interest. The grant would be specifically to educate children living in poverty – to encourage solutions in educating them.
I woke up this morning feeling like the British economy- depressed and in decline. I went back to sleep and consequently missed my last class of the year and subsequently achieved absolutely nothing. I sat around for a bit and then put a load of washing on. When that was done, I hung it up, and thought about how best to use the hours of daylight left to me.
Transfer focaccias onto the baking sheets. Brush foccacias with olive oil, sprinkle with coarse salt and pepper and top with chopped olives. Put them into heated oven. Bake 15 to 20 minutes, or until they are golden with a heavy speckling of small surface bubbles, spraying the oven with water three times during the first 8 minutes of baking.
Please know that I do plan for this to be my first and ONLY pity post. I almost called it Pity Party - table for one! I get down but then I spring back up. That is what I hope to do in the next 24-48 hours!
Then last night happened. My throat was itchy. It hurt to swallow. I was sneezing four times in a row.
4. Do the people that care about you often tell others that you always have your nose in a book or something to that degree?
Hope you like what I made!
Making this all more troublesome is ABC’s announcement that “Good Morning America” will stunt an afternoon hour this summer. The network announced that it will cancel the poorly developed “The Revolution” — the show that replaced “One Life to Live.”
The news from Squeeze comes from a taping of the A&E series “Private Sessions,” a weekly one-hour music and performance series hosted by Lynn Hoffman. The one-hour episode, premiering Sunday, October 5 at 9 AM ET/PT, features performances of their smash hit songs “Tempted,” “Goodbye Girl,” “Pulling Mussels (From the Shell),” and “Another Nail In My Heart.”
I began to search in nearby Albany, and quickly found Gentle Dentistry: 1) open, 2) available, and 3) willing to work within my budget ♥ Not to mention, upon answering the phone, the lovely Tina had me taking deep breaths, calming down and feeling well cared for ♥
C.D: You have a very interesting bibliography at the back. What research did you have to do for the book?
Under the influence,
Take my girls to Disney World
The Becks, Limbaughs and O’Reillys of the world do make it difficult at times to have a reasonable debate on foreign policy. They sometimes engage in smear tactics, such as calling people crazy, anti-semitic or other things, that totally end the debate. It is unfortunate. Ad hominems are so sixth grade.
This list is a good complement to Bill Wimsatt’s discussion of all the various ways in which models can be false, and the various ways in which those falsehoods actually help models serve the various purposes they serve.
Don't ask which answer
In my review of this book, I talked about the effect that the setting had on the story. The Windup Girl is set in Thailand and it couldn’t be set anywhere else. Thailand seeps through the scenery, the ever-present heat, the food and especially through the characters. But the interesting part is that not all of the characters are Thai.
1/2 pound snow peas
As an adolescent of 14, he was sent north, far from the mountains of the Caucasus, to school in St Petersburg at the Imperial Alexander Lycée. Schooling completed, he passed on to the University there. As an undergraduate, he was profoundly, if imperceptibly, affected by the philosophy lectures. A cast of mind which was to stay with him until his student days as a Dominican, was introduced.
i will be teaching a great class at my local Michael's store later this month on paper bag albums.
3. Try stuffing all the recyclable cardboard until the sink.
So, what makes it so much better?
Laura Wood wants men to man up for, in a nutshell, the good of society. Perhaps if it were more evident that society gave a tinker's damn about men, they would be more willing to do so.
The hours leading up to my race went pretty much like this:
And I just want to take this moment to point out that these ‘little things in life’ tidbits aren’t about the lovely things in general, but more so the small things that sometimes peope don’t stop to notice.
Black Image
What a lovely day! Hope you were able to be with the people you love today. Only 365 days until next Mother's Day.
Starting now (ok, sorta started last week, but starting this blog right now!), I am committing to improving my health as much as possible before my 40th birthday. I have just over 13 months. I can choose to sit around and procrastinate, or I can take action NOW.
NEW: Mad Cow Disease? – 1
GREAT PINTS News just came through that JUDGE McBRIDE this very morning granted our drinks licence - so it's a big slán, cheers, down the hatch, ouch ai, iach dda to him and the Clones Courthouse Posse - the best draught pints at any festival will be on tap C/o Connollys bar in Scothouse - and Oi! Remember to get your late night campfire cans before the bar closes!
True to that statement I am offering a FREEBIE now as a Blog Birthday Gift to you. I am thrilled to have met so many talented and wonderful teachers through my blog and appreciate that you take time to visit and see what's happening "In The Teachers' Lounge".
Soon he could be running the country's state security apparatus.
Time of Day: Morning, Sunrise
the living wonder, else all singing die.
11) Overcoming challenges faced by multi-national corporations when it comes to Reporting and Comms
In my lifetime, I’ve seen Richard Nixon fumble his way through the original, benchmark presidential scandal.
While your server will open your wine and keep it on ice, but don’t expect traditional wine service like you get when you order off the house wine list. If your wine is left on the table, feel free to pour your own.
On Monday that meant going to Suomenlinna for a picnic and some other fun traditions, so in the morning I made chocolate-raspberry muffins while waiting for Miro to wake up. They look retarded but were tasty.
Subject Index: Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881 — section 138 — conviction under — quantum of sentence — in question — the ld. Magistrate viewed that imposition of a fine payable as compensation to the Appellant was sufficient to meet the ends of justice in the instant case. The High Court confirmed the order of the ld. Magistrate, with an increased fine — the Supreme Court held no interference with the order of the High Court, except to the extent of increasing the amount of compensation payable by a further sum of Rs.2 lakhs — appeal partly allowed.
We were initially very alarmed when the crash happened, as it looked as though we were under attack, and we had been woken from sleep. However, when it became clear what was happening, the whole thing took on a different character. The drunk himself was sitting in his white van which was at right angles across the street. With the other car still attached to the front. He was trying to reverse so as to drive away. The clockmaker who lives along the street from us managed to reason with him to hand over his keys and we all then waited for the police to arrive.
Do you honestly believe you have the same palate as the chef, the sommelier, or the guy next to you?This goes back to something I said before: listen to what the experts say — after all, presumably they have become experts through a great deal of experience — but follow your own gut. If your absolute favorite thing in the world to drink is Southern Comfort, then what do you care if it's appeal isn't universal? So what if experts advise champagne or vodka with caviar when what you want is an IPA? You run the risk of looking like a rube and you really should try the champagne or vodka, but if beer makes you happy with little salted fish eggs, so be it.
Tomorrow… just when I think I’m doing good!
Good bye for now, Tanzania...
THIS TOUR ENDS: Monday, September 26, at Midnight (Arizona Time)
(512) Double IPA - cask-conditioned firkin - 9% ABV
He confused the poor guy so bad,
The state’s birth control policy does not only vary over time, but also according to place. For example, in Shanghai, the biggest city in China, the natural population growth rate has remained negative for the past sixteen years.(Yuan, 2009) Since the start of the twenty-first century, the ‘One Child’ policy has been relaxed in urban areas. This relaxation allows couples who are both from single-child families to have two children. Recently, some Western media reported that in Shanghai a ‘Two Children’ policy is advocated and the local government encourages couples to have a second child in order to redress its ageing population. It is true that because of a steady decrease in the birth rate in big cities, the ‘One Child’ policy has become less restrictive. Nonetheless, the media has misunderstood the so-called ‘Two Children’ policy in the Chinese family planning context. First, the Shanghai family planning committee never ‘encourage’ couples to have two children, so it does not offer any benefits or allowance for couples who have two children. Furthermore, couples have to meet relevant requirements and apply for birth permission if they plan to have a second child. This means that not all couples in Shanghai are eligible to have a second child, so the couples who have a second child without birth permission still have to pay fines. The ‘Two Children’ policy is neither a new policy nor is it only applicable in Shanghai. Since 2000, family planning authorities in many cities have gradually adopted this method in order to deal with the ageing population. Again, this change does not increase citizens’ control of their procreative decisions. All in all, the above analysis suggests that the protection of women’s reproductive autonomy is still a work in progress in the Chinese family planning context.
At some point I must have written about pimps... and red lights... and garbage trucks...
* I tried the same with raisins and apricot ,all tasted lovely.
First time I bit into one of the carrot muffins (warm from the oven, after dinner), a perfectly balanced taste and texture made my palate glow with a smile. Same thing even a couple of days later, if you store them correctly. These are not too dry, not too moist, not too greasy, not too sticky, not too sweet, but instead deftly walk a fine line though the minefield of mistakes that can yield unfortunate carrot related outcomes. They are my favorite.
Satisfied, the colonel takes Sir James's desk clock and sets the hands to eight o'clock. He places the clock before Sir James. At twenty-five minutes past eight, he tells Sir James, come to the verandah door at Balfour House.
I couldn’t resist. I tried, I really did. I walked away and walked back several times.
Get plenty of sleep
Most games are full of bad calls. You’d take the ones that go in your favor easy enough.
Activities – There are instructions for 8 activities that parents can do with their children to help them learn the sight words.
and the one who seeks, finds;
After finishing a black and white dream that involved sharing some wine with a hooded figure, Alex wakes up to find that his entire body is covered with slime. At first, the gunk oozing from his pores is translucent (in other words, it doesn't stop him from performing errands), but the slime gets worse as the day goes by. Why is this happening to him? Has it got anything to do with the weird wine and wonky yogurt? If Nicole is involved, is it okay if he still has sexual intercourse with her on a semi-regular basis? And how many more people will he have to murder in order to not to perspire slime all the time? While I would love to answer these and many other questions, I'd like to shift the focus of my gaze to more important things, like, for instance, the shape of Mary Huner's knees, Ivy Rosovsky's leopard print leggings, and the prostitute's jelly bracelets.
please take my hand, and guide me once again
Earlier this week, NASA officials reported that a 6-ton atmospheric research satellite is tumbling to Earth at a roughly, oh, a gazillion miles per hour and could strike at any minute. I'm not surprised that this is news to you. The mass media have been oddly restrained considering the 12,000-pound mass of fiery death hurdling toward us. And these are people who whip up mass hysteria about far more improbable doomsday scenarios involving Mayan prophesies or a Michele Bachmann presidency.
We have NEW hours for our bar that should be more convenient for those getting off work, and unable to make it to Buckbean by 6 PM. The new hours are:
On this special day in your life
I can give you a million excuses right off the top of my head.
You can order and eat from within the main bar area, but the cantina offers the most buzz, the bare floors livened with a rainbow of stools, spray-painted walls and an eclectic assortment of music.
Deirdra: What’s your secret to making the character’s in your books come to life?
Up to now, China’s transportation systems have proved to be a boon to its economy, with few fatalities. But there have been increasing reports over the past few years of substandard roads and bridges and worries that subway and high-speed rail construction may be moving too quickly and could pose safety problems.
The Ockermans are a very special family. I met Georgia and her daughter Katie on a mission trip to Brazil in 2000. In November of that same year, Katie was killed in a car accident. Adam and I flew to San Antonio for the funeral. I saw Georgia again in 2002 and 2004 on two week campaigns to Brazil. Our friendship continued to grow. When I interned, I spent a lot of time at the Ockerman house with Georgia, Jacob, Joel, and Emily. I considered them my second family and lots of people thought I looked like them. Georgia was always so friendly and made me feel at home the moment I arrived in San Antonio. She was always there to listen and willing to help in any way. I am so thankful for the friendship I have with her and her kids. I was sad that Jacob and Joel were not there.
Deep End
They, like many other Christian fundamentalist groups, often hold up the Bible as a sword and shield, using it to attack other people, completely justifying what they are doing. In doing so, they ignore the bigger messages of Christ's teachings.
Then why do we need God?
1-0 Chris Pye, (tapped in from a right-wing Daniel Esfandiari cross).
The third column is the actual data to be sent.
having counselled many girls and children who have gone through different types of abuse i cannot stress enough that i believe people today just dont know how to shut up and listen to a hurting person, all they want to do is to fix the problem. the more you do that the more you push the hurting person away. JUST LISTEN! friend lets continue to work on this area in our lives, i know i still need to learn to be extra sensitive to peoples needs. it makes a huge difference in the healing process of a hurting person. The manner in which my friend was so patient with me, made me realise how i also need to be extra patient with suffering people like zaida. realisng that for some, healing and facing lifes demons takes time and i should not force them to face their giants when they are not ready to do so.
Adele took the stage at 8:50 and played for around 90 minutes. She was so good and lived up to even my highest expectations. She was very personable with the crowd which was fun to see. She's so poised for 23. I could go on and on about her but rather than that I'll simply include a link to some video I took. Please excuse the few times where I cut off Adele's head with my camera. I was more focused on the show than the video I was capturing. I promise to do better next time!
Around the Grid is willing to provide unbiased and unreserved reviews of Resident-created and -sold, non-pornographic products, especially fashion and hairstyles, and of Real World books on Second Life. Submissions for review should be sent in world to Harper Ganesvoort.
If the idiots in the theatre trample each other in a mad rush from a fire that doesn’t even exist, it was their own stupidity and lack of clearheadedness that killed them, not the person shouting fire. If your reaction to the mere threat of danger is to hurt others, you are the culprit.
tilts her head
‘Respondent Dennis Rodman is broke and cannot afford any additional fees,’ Mr Willis writes in filings on his behalf, adding that he is ‘extremely sick’.
“Mt. SAC has been a huge stepping stone for me,” Tuitele said. “Hawaii would’ve been real nice but the NFL is better.”
Oh peppermint and some kind of tree stuff that will make my worn out fake tree smell "real".
When you are just starting a novel it's a good idea to spend time zoomed way, way out. Ask yourself the BIG questions. Who are these characters? Why am I writing this? What is this about?
I am glazing pots and the wife walks the beagle early and checks in with me:
Thanks for stopping by and happy crafting everyone!
I finally hit upon the idea of making mock ups of labels for products, mostly food, that never existed. The idea stemmed from those great labels they used to put on fruit boxes.
Holly: Oh yes, there is more about Delaney’s secret in DBAW…
I have always loved being part of a group that has inspired so many to stretch themselves in so many ways. It hurts me that some of you have given me the cold shoulder and shun me in the very group that I founded.
I’﻿d sleep all the winter in a big fur bed.
The cold spell is being blamed on a plunge of Polar air, with weeks of rain caused by stalled high-altitude Atlantic jet stream winds leaving soggy low pressure systems stuck over Britain.
And so is Patel...
Well after 9 months I’m finally done making some significant upgrades to make my bike as close to a tri bike as possible and on a budget! This is what my 2011 Specialized Allez Sport looked liked when I first bought it last July!
Beneath the pure white werewolf’s moon
Thursday morning, I was unaware that Adam Yauch was sick. I randomly happened to issue the following tweet:
tacking sheets of parchment crashing the gates,
Today, I had visitors. They spent the day on my deck showing off big, heavy sticks, toys that made loud noise and a hose! I wanted to go outside with them to watch, and also because I KNOW we would have a wonderful time playing together. However, Betty wouldn’t let me go. I love her, but she just doesn’t get it sometimes.
8-12 ice cream cones
8:30 – The Blow, Acrylics, Julianna Barwick @ Glasslands $10 (21+)
13. When The Sun Goes Down (Livin’ Blues) 4:46
They call for 1 1/2 cups of sugar (half brown - half white). A couple of months I decided to slowly cut back on the sugar every time I made them to see if less sugar would effect the taste. I'm down to one cup and I haven't noticed a difference.
11. Don’t stop at one book. Write at least three.
bright pink fingernails
searching for
Born Pericles Pantages on a Greek island in 1871, this important vaudeville manager was later to significantly change his first name from that of the enlightened father of democracy to that of western civilization’s first imperialist conqueror: Alexander. In his late childhood, Pantages started working on freighters, becoming stranded at age 12 in Panama. He gradually worked his way north, and found himself in Alaska in time for the gold rush. Instead of prospecting, he swept barroom floors, which he had noticed contained large amounts of spilled gold dust. In this way, Pantages probably found more gold than 95% of the prospectors. Soon, Pantages, like Considine, had worked his way up to pimp, selling the services of one Klondike Kate. After stealing Kate’s hard earned money, he opened his first theater in Nome, where he was able to fetch $12.50 a ticket — VERY high for those days, but commensurate with prices in a boomtown economy. As the boom subsided and the miners left, Pantages relocated to Seattle, where his first move was to open a combination fruit store and shoeshine parlor across the street from a Sullivan and Considine house. In a few months he opened his first Seattle theatre, the Crystal, in a narrow storefront. He set up a few benches and showed movies alongside vaudeville acts, performing all the work himself, from booking the entertainment, to running the projector, to ripping tickets, to (his special expertise) sweeping the floor.
4 body
Maybe you’re the son,
(7) John Hughes, Bishop of New York
I have been an Alice fan since I was a little girl; more years than we will count! I have been inspired by so many fabulous Alice in Wonderland projects, and I try to bookmark them all, but it is an unweildy way to try and browse through them. I have wanted to create this blog for a long time as a way to visually centralize all the wonderful Alice artwork I've seen, and be able to categorize it with labels such as ATC, art journal page, wall art, mini-book, tags, cards, and so on!
We've ordered two styles of crab. Butter crab is a glistening bounty of sweet crab flesh bathed in a rich creamy sauce. There is nothing more joyous than eating crab with your fingers, using your chopsticks to coax out reluctant shreds of flesh, and licking the shells to get every every last bit of sauce.
Language : Telugu, Hindi Dubbed
Okay, yes, I went to the beach... but stayed on the sand while my beloved german did all the snorkeling. As I mentioned before, we're in autumn, don't let even the sunniest days fool you into thinking it's a good beach day!
So have you been working on any organization projects lately? Or do you have any photo taking tips for me? The lighting in our house seems to be awful and our little point and shoot seems to take such blurry photos.
One way to let children make art freely, is to provide them with a variety of materials and let them go. My favorite way to do this is with a "Collage Box". A Collage Box is basically a box with a variety of materials for children to make collages with.
While the perpetrators remain unknown, the ringleader was identified from video footage (Beard, dirty t-shirt, ponytail -- about what you'd expect). This sense of uncertainty has been used to downplay the political motives behind the attack. Even the Jindal administration played this game, calling the assault an "altercation", as if the two Republican operatives had stolen the anarchists' parking space.
Let's break up these broken united states, and create individual, autonomous regional countries, whose governments more accurately reflect the zeitgeist of a particular area, and can govern more flexibly and smoothly. It's time. It's been time. We're fooling ourselves if we really believe that things are going to get better. Moderates in congress are fleeing like rats from a sinking ship. The age of moderation, compromise, and cooperation are over. The halls of congress are now a battlefield, and neither side is winning or will win, but the tragedy is that the stalemate isn't only affecting the soldiers, it's affecting us all.
No walking or biking anywhere because "What if...?"
We headed down to the Riverwalk to eat and see the lights up. There is also a river parade that goes on but we just admired the view from afar. The new LED lights were the talk of the town. It is magical on the riverwalk during Christmas. I highly recommend it. If you are there you may want to stop by the huge tree in front of the Alamo.
Savannah xox
The tool would also cater to programmers, making it possible to write software for several screen sizes at the same time. Apps could be created to work on the iPhone and iPad, as well as TVs and computers. Those with more finely-honed technical skills could hand-edit code, too.
Where circumstances offer choices
While Pitchfuck may dismiss this band for perceived retro-activity (though they just caught a break from NPR), maybe the ever-fickle British press will get Terry Malts synthesis of various strains of independent guitar rock of the last thirty years (c86, indie-pop, new wave, pop-punk et al) and anoint them the next Kaiser Chiefs.
I started with the idea of a pink Parisian theme, with the diecut news print all ruffled up (gotta love that!). Ballet Millie is Perfect for this card! She just brings a smile to my face every time I look at her :)
We all know what it means. There are other, more acceptable words, which mean the same thing, so why pick on this one as the most (almost) abusive word anyone can choose? I think we all need a word to use in extremis. For nice, civilised people, it might just be "damn". But for many, it's the F word (there is a worse one, but it's a noun rather than an adjective, and not nearly such a good expletive).
Despite the comparisons with neo-Nazism, Golden Dawn has paradoxically tapped into anti-German sentiment by attacking the bailout package from the EU and International Monetary Fund and what it calls German domination of Europe.
Personally, I think spring cleanin' is overrated.
4/4/12
Summerville was charged with a misdemeanor count of assault causing bodily injury, and Ross was charged with a misdemeanor count of disorderly conduct.
According to our realtor, who moved here from Louisiana 15 years ago, just as those who live at the equator acclimate to the heat and humidity, people in Alaska acclimate to the cold. I took great comfort in hearing this, because while I know I could get used to the hassle of putting on 12 layers just to get the mail at the end of the driveway, it's encouraging to think that eventually, I won't have to run everywhere if I'm outside between October and May. A couple of natives have told us that during breakup (what folks in the Fairbanks area call spring), when the temperature gets in the 20s and 30s, residents will break out the shorts and flip flops. I suppose after enduring temps in the -40s and -50s (what we're supposed to see here in January), weather just under freezing probably does feel like summer has arrived.
“Of course not,” I said.
'You're gorgeous, you old hag, and if I could give you just one gift ever for the rest of your life it would be this. Confidence. It would be the gift of confidence. Either that or a scented candle.'
YOU are my heros. Truly. Thank you.
M Mareh was not in battle, he was not in the Army - he was influenced by an idelog that wishes to destroy the country he and his family live in - the cunty his family chose to move to. He can vote, he can complain, he can campaign - but he chose to kill children.
It was a little pricey as helicopter trips tend to be but it was definitely worth it. We didn't want to miss out on seeing the Grand Canyon just incase we never go back to this neck of the woods, and the other types of tours didn't appeal to us (e.g. going there on a coach:
All timing is based upon starting right at 8am. There is no information on how fast the start corrals will be released, or how many runners are in each corral. My bib # is #2452, and I know ppl with 4:30 finish estimates with #’s in the 5000′s, so I have to assume that I am pretty close to the front, and will start within 5-10 minutes.
319 - Tony LaRussa
So, with a little research (very, very little) and a quick e-mail to (SOURCE PROTECTED) who was once a major powerbroker for CUB, then its Craft Brewing arm and now a partner in a very nice craft brewing set-up just south of the Queensland border where lots of backpackers and hippies hang out and whose initials are JC and whose name I won’t mention – I got about three full pages of facts and figures and links to the ATO website and tables and graphs and all sorts of shit. So I’m fairly confident that what I write here is accurate and factual and can’t be argued with in any way at all whatsoever so there.
The screening is free and open to the public, but you must RSVP to kgentry@jjay.cuny.edu.
Kim Goldberg
Like Queen Victoria, Ferdinand did not grow up expecting to rule. He was born in 1863 and trundled along being the eldest son of his archduke father, but nothing else loomed on the horizon until 1899, when Crown Prince Rudolph died in a suicide pact at his hunting lodge at Mayerling. (The photo is of Rudolph, but he and Ferdinand looked a lot alike.)
1 green
I've seen a lot of posts about 2012 Bowman this week.
Nastassja
O! then, it is like Divine Matter that goes beyond manifestation.
so with a better knee and a new look for charlie, we set back out on our adventures starting with two 20 mile ldwa events, the 3 shires and spring into old hutton
The lights are still gazing at the hills in the last trace of the sun
Otherwise, we can keep the current income tax rate structure as is and as it will be later when the Bush tax cuts expire with tax rates and deductions reverting to the levels of the growth-filled 1990s. The new and higher personal exemptions will improve tax fairness. (A special 15% rate for direct investment can be separately set up to encourage business expansion.)
small palm-full of dried basil
After Sainte-Ermine, I got lost. I’d obviously mapped the route incorrectly as the SatNav route said that I should turn right, through someone garden. I went on a bit, doubled back and checked again when I saw a woman going towards her house Second of two extremes of French hospitality coming. I asked her where the route went from here and she pointed me in the right direction. I thanked her and asked if I could fill my bidons with tap water. She obliged and asked me to come in. She even asked if I wanted a coffee. I declined the coffee, filled the bottles up and spoke about the Tour with her and her husband for about 15 minutes. Why can’t everyone be like that?
I am Lokyra (say it with me: Low-keer-ah) or Lok (Lock) Stone. I am the Goddess, Guru, and Geek of Muchness. I am the owner, author, sherpa, enforcer, comedic relief, delivery girl, marketing advisor, accountant, and freeloader of Lokyra Stone's Stuff. The stuff is mainly writing. Pretty cool, huh? I also am helping to establish a family business and farm. With sheep. And chickens. And a pelletizing machine. I firmly believe in the spiritual supremacy of love, knowledge, and lunacy. And ice cream. And really good chocolate. To wake the soul by tender strokes of art,/ To raise the genius, and to mend the heart." -Alexander Pope I am a bisexual, polyamorous, happily married pagan. I am dedicated to the Morrighan, Loki, and Odin. I try not to take anything too seriously, including myself. Or you.
If you know my sister Emily, you know that she has impeccable style for a girl of her age.
Yours truly, in rhyme.
"Much better ... to die living than to live dying" (p. 120).I don't know if life is imitating art or the other way around, but I found a lot of agreement with things Margaret thought:
I have now passed my six month probation at the new company.
As for question five, the reason I asked all this info is because if you are already living together, then both of you splitting the bills should be a natural thing. When I moved in with my girlfriend (after a month of dating) we immediately sat down together as we began discussing what the bills were (rent, electric, water, etc). We divided them up and both contributed. She currently makes more money than I do, but with all my checks, I contribute as much as I can and we work it out together. Obviously if you do not live together, this could be problematic. My suggestion is after you inform him you are pregnant, it would be wise to give him a few days to let everything sink in. After he has time to get a grasp on being a father, I would sit down with him and present the idea of living together, especially if you have plans of wanting to marry him. There is no better way of telling if things are going to work out with another individual than living together. By doing this, you find out everything you need to about a person: likes/dislikes, cleanliness, how well you are in each other’s space, etc.
“Vigorous writing is concise. A sentence should contain no unnecessary words, a paragraph no unnecessary sentences, for the same reason that a drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts. This requires not that the writer make all his sentences short or that he avoid all detail and treat his subjects only in outline, but that every word tell” – William Strunk Jr – Elements of Style
Photography Collection
This really made me realize how few naturally blue foods there are, especially during the winter. In fact it got me thinking about the total lack of edible aqua-colored foods! In Japan, colored fish paste is often used to create those colors. The only artificial food coloring I used here was a few drops of blue in the rice cooking water.
run an 8 minute mile
Its narrative genius is the surtitles, which flash up before each scene, describing the plot of the story, before the curtains rise on the stage, revealing another, altogether more mundane reality. It's a brilliant way of coping with the tale's anachronisms, which are mostly removed from the actual performances, and become instead a framing device. And this convention means that the dozen or so short plays or tableaux that make up the whole need not concern themselves at all with plot. When the curtains rise, we are suddenly pitched into 21st century Melbourne, into the unremarked spaces between larger, tragic events. What we see are overwhelmingly domestic scenes.
I hate to say it, but Grifter is, well, clean. It has that characteristic MacTarnahan's clarity, the light fruitiness, and the gentle, unassuming hopping. I could see no evidence that the brewery had spent a lot of time looking for something original to offer. (And it's not like we needed another IPA.) It's fine, but have a bottle and then try to recall the experience 24 hours later.
One of the things about kids, and I have talked about this before, is how you can look at them, and see how God looks at us (even if it's only a limited view by comparison). While at the beach I was out in the water with Josh, the waves were big and Josh was hanging on to be for dear life (albeit with a huge smile on his face). Grant and his son Hayden were also swimming together in much the same manner as Josh and I. I heard Grant say something that I had been saying to Josh numerous times, 'I've got you, I won't let you go, trust me'. Still, both boys clung to our necks, neither trusting fully that they were safe. It struck me that we are like this, or at least I am like this. I have the maker of the universe holding me up above the water, and I am clinging to his neck and he is whispering to me 'I've got you, I won't let you go, trust me'. Instead of letting go I am so scared of getting in over my head that I cling tighter.
- Kissing is okay on the first date, but no sex.
I’m telling him to please take care of himself and he is sending me this song. Crazy. Silly video but I get it. Maybe it is only natural to do stupid things when we are in love. (She says as her heart melts). I get it.
(repeat above scenerio every 3 to 5 days).
Amidst our course’s considerations of H.G. Gadamer’s “Truth and Method” (Philosophical Hermeneutics with Merold Westphal to provide greater context) we have seriously looked at seeing texts. I only plan to draw one thought, one possibility, therefrom; the manner by which reading parallels performance.
THE project itself took 3 days of class time and many needed just a bit more to make finishing touches. What I like about this project of the scope it encompasses: research, collaboration, poetry, citation, Keynote, graphics, and being published! Well worth the time. I am compiling the projects this year, as it is the first go-round, but I envision that students would be able to do this in the future years.
2 Woven Pad & Mark 10:16
And the beginning of her story, Mom, a cross for her love of the Lord, little "books" cut from printed paper and a stamp library card and mini paperclip for her love of reading and telling stories...
1 tsp red chili powder
THE DICTATOR – MAY 11
It only takes ten minutes for him to make messes big enough to require a vacuum, sponge and water, baby wipes, washing machine, electrical engineering, heavy lifting and one flustered Paige. If he can't get to the next mess he wants to make he will find a way. Chairs, toys stacked up, climbing until he's high enough to have oxygen depletion, that is some toddler perseverance. I can't be mad at him for too long though because right after he does something messy and frustrating he goes and does something even more sweet and heart melting.
A week and a half ago we had our ward closing social at Anna's house in Provo. Her parents were out of town and we watched some funny FHE videos and then had treats and a dance party with the ward. It was SO much fun! Afterwards a group of us went to my apartment and watched a movie. Two of my roommates stayed the night with 4 other girls at Anna's house. It was about 11:30 when the movie ended, so I said I thought it would be funny if we went and "penny tapped" or "doorbell ditched" the girls that stayed the night.
Over the top of it all I added encaustic wax. I love the way the wax protects the paper flower and keeps it looking great for years to come. The entire front of the hanger is covered in wax. Another great thing I love about encaustic wax is that it is a barrier from moisture. I have several of these hangers hanging on my wall in the bathroom (not the ones I am selling, of course, silly) and they still look great after years of showers. They are lightweight and small (9" X 3 1/4") and although they look good on their own you can put a few together and they pack a powerful punch!
Puss in Boots – The Great Adventure - In this version, Puss is helping a budding musician, and the twist comes about because of a surprise relationship between Puss and the Ogre. I really love how this story ends. It has some very touching and some very funny scenes and your children will love it (and you will too.)
The spirit of the earth is polluted and this is why the set apart spirit is for new.
Michael Anthony – Bass
far
We would like to wish you all a very
"I don't know. He just gives off bad vibes."
1) "I checked your fluids. Now you check mine"
Truthfully, making plans these days seems a bit arrogant. Life has taught us over the last two years that plans have a way of changing as life throws us new unexpected curve balls.
Transition and moving on is part and parcel of our life in an international religious congregation. I will not be the only one on the move in the months that lie ahead. I pray at this time for all people embracing the gift and challenge of transition and ask that we may all know the deep presence of God, the companionship of Jesus and the gift of the Holy Spirit to help us not leave too soon our present realities, yet arrive ready to step into the next adventure of life with fidelity and joy when the time comes. Marie Madeleine was often on the move; may her life inspire all of her daughters, and many others, who are on the move this year. May our constant moving help us to better understand the challenges faced by so many people who are uprooted around our world. May we know above all else that God is both in the present and preparing to welcome us in the places to which we are going, wherever they may be.
Pantina
And set our sights on May 7.
In the meantime, Mrs Steerforth and I have adopted austerity measures. Trips to Waitrose are out and I have made a solemn promise not to do any internet shopping under the influence of alcohol (although I don't regret buying the meteorite).
8. Savor everything. Live. Drink your coffee; don’t gulp it. Taste the wine for its own sake. Spend the next two hours making an exquisite meal—it doesn’t have to be expensive, only care-full. Fail to stifle the laugh that bubbles up from your gut to your throat. Laugh loudly whenever appropriate (and sometimes when not). Cry openly. Be where you are in each instance you are there. In part this means, to those of us who glance routinely at our phones, silencing, turning off, or taking a fast from technology from time to time. Allow nothing to distract you from attending to the sacred of this present moment.
1 vanilla bean, scrapped
Today I was politely approached by two blond, sturdy young men dressed in ill fitting suits. In an odd mix of German and American English they expressed their intentions to show me the right way to heaven or something like that. They were eager, no doubt. And they were very happy when they realised that I understand their language. That is, I understood the words they were saying, but for the meaning?
4) Roofer
*The morning plan I had set up yesterday ought to be fine. I think I want to be more relaxed for the afternoon. Now, it also turns out that the littlest one is in the transitional phase for her naps--naps some days and not others.
Don’t get me wrong – I do enjoy finding out and learning more about music in general.
Saturday, and we are off to the airport, to Geneva, and the Alps. An Exmoor Gold in the Gatwick North Terminal Wetherspoons started off a trip of great beers- who knew the Swiss had so many beers around? The Austrian Gosser was a perfect accompaniment to fondue whilst Switzerland's own Feldschlossen Lager, whilst a bit bland and fizzy, was a treat after climbing 300 odd steps up the cathedral towers. We found two amazing brewpubs in Geneva, who mercifully both did tasting selections. At the brasserie du Molard, these tasters came on a mug tree for beer, and contained the intriguing Ambree, which was so good, even my mum had one.
You may wonder what spy novels looked like before Ian Fleming set pen to paper and came up with James Bond. If you have such thoughts, best check out the novel of agent OSS 117 by Jean Bruce; he wrote his first adventure featuring debonair spy Hubert Bonisseur de la Bath in 1949, predating Fleming’s “Casino Royale” by three years. Although I don’t know for certain if Fleming read the Bruce novels, certainly the similarities between 007 and 117 can’t be overlooked.
12. Flora Purim - From the Lonely Afternoon
Say Her Name by Francisco Goldman
sight-seeing
Details guarding the line!
After working through Carroll’s biography, the film moves, quite competently, into the imaginary world of Alice. The novel Alice in Wonderland is mostly interpreted from the perspective of contemporary Gnosticism, where several belief systems are said to point to a common inner truth.
Panic attack commenced to grow stronger however, when upon hooking up my ‘puter, it would not turn on. The tremors (so remembered from my first divorce time, and NOT missed) made a comeback – fuzzy, buzzy head, inability to focus.
And over time ancient wisdom noticed that the equinoctial points, as well as the solstices, appear to move backwards through the constellations every 2,200 years, thus marking a phenomenon called the Precession of the Equinoxes. In Classical mythology, this movement of the heavens was thought to be the cause for the rise and fall of civilizations and Ages of Man. Each Age was named for an astrological sign and a time when in astronomical terms a particular constellation in the heavens appeared to rise at dawn on equinox.
This is not an experiment from the book, but an experiment I found on the internet a couple of years ago. We tried it and loved it, so we just had to do it again!
Earlier Friday, a separate explosion was reported near a state-owned company in an industrial zone of Damascus but it was unclear if there were any casualties, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
5) Spiral Notebook. This applies to my Big Notebook or a small memo book I use for scribbling notes. Before I type anything I usually need to work it out on a piece of paper the old-fashioned way. The Big Notebook keeps me focused when I’m writing sections of a novel, while the memo book is used for rough drafts and lists of words I jot down after scanning through a thesaurus.
2) We have to obtain licenses to drive a car and to own a pet… but anyone can have a kid?!?! I’m sorry but when I read shit like this it makes me wonder why we don’t consider making women take classes and pass a test before having kids.
Inside the case were the simple personal treasures of Harold and Mona. Someone had left this special case out on the kerb for an unknown future possibly to be taken or crushed within a garbage truck.
off intrusive questions, protecting her private space (one of her
This beer festival was formerly know as the Lanacster Round Table Beer Festival, and it is now in its 23rd year.
I spend a lot of time looking around strangers’ homes. I spend a lot of time peering at their bookshelves, at their colour-coded hardbacks, at their artfully organised fruit. I like to see how they illustrate their personalities through the placing of vintage lamps, how they communicate their successful relationships in the language of exposed brickwork and re-appropriation of pallets. I refresh wowhaus.co.uk and themodernhouse.net‘s pages of architect-designed bungalows for sale daily, and later theselby.com, and @PropertyJazz on Twitter for its brilliantly, disgustingly covetable selections of fantasy houses in Los Angeles, Mexico, Camden – and it feels deliciously painful, like plucking ingrown hairs or leaping into an outdoor pool.
Art or Idiocy? is checking on this, but we believe Heinecken himself was an instructor and/or graduate advisor at SAIC as well.
''Fifties inspired high wasted jeans, with a straight leg fit and higher back pockets''
Together We are Strong. Together We are Solidarity.
to see Vesuvius redden the sky, say
Things went a little downhill in the dessert department, when a promising-sounding “fraises chantilly” came out as a bowl of strawberries swimming in cream. I guess it was nothing less than what was advertised, but it seemed a kind of clumsy, heavy exclamation point on which to end an otherwise delicately balanced meal.
We love nice things. But even nice things don't deserve their own holiday in our life, to be shared with the destructive pressure to buy, give, and be of good cheer even if the season puts you in debt. Or more deeply in debt.
As a South African, living in New Zealand, you have a wealth of mythologies you might have draw on, so what prompted you to explore Norse Mythology? And why Valkyries in particular?
Yuko Kawano and her husband Kazuhiro Nagata(永田 和宏）started to preside over a tanka association, Tou(搭）that literally means Tower, which has produced excellent tanka poets one after another.
3. Cake with the coin or Vasilopita (Greek: Βασιλόπιτα). New Year`s cake with a golden coin baked into it. The recipe is very simple, even though some ingredients (e.g. nuts, orange pills etc) might vary.
" covers all kinds of techniques for everything from buttonholes, to hems, to necklines, basic tailoring, even correct basting. What it doesn't spend time on is pattern fitting, so I recommend purchasing one of several books on fit or pattern alterations, to work in conjunction with this book. If you are an ace at patterning already, then you're good to go.
Right now, our readers involved in commercial aquaculture are most certainly shaking their heads. After all, the Aquarium’ s very own “Criteria for Aquaculture” would most likely fail its own facility on criteria such as Effluent (Criterion 2), Habitat (Criterion 2), Chemical Use (Criterion 4), Feed (Criterion 5), Disease, pathogen and parasite interaction (Criterion 7).
It’s the perfect creepy scene of dilapidation. I’ve always had a fascination with old houses and abandoned buildings.
It appearing that the hearing of this case has been unduly delayed, the Investigator of this Court is directed forthwith to proceed with the hearing to terminate it as soon as possible. The request of complainant to appear in the afore-mentioned hearing, assisted by her counsel, Atty. Jose U. Lontoc, is hereby granted.
The concert was created by a great team, and this is the best so far.
Today started out as a cloudy, rainy day. It actually seemed kind of fitting for the mood I was in knowing that one year ago today our beautiful Emma went to heaven. I thought about the four and a half days she was in the NICU, everything she went through, and the moments we got to spend with her. I desperately wished for more time with Chase as I never got to hold him alive or change his little diapers.
Just in from driving 500 miles. I really do have the next installment of the Trails thing but it’s Saturday and that means RECIPE ! So this may be the “Farm” Recipe Saturday so I would officially be legit and true to the 365 WordPress deal. Right? I know. It’s a stretch.
7. Anomoanon - Kick Back
craving
While in college, John Clay and some friends decided they wanted to start a band. After deciding who would play what, they went out and got instruments and proceeded to learn the rudiments. The band, which formed in 1972 was called Nebulah. They did a mix of covers and original material. From there, John found himself in a folk rock band called Terra Pax. Having been influenced by the guitar workings of Mick Ronson and Bill Nelson, he was given the opportunity to come up with licks in that vein.
Green Chillie - 2 or 3(or as spice needed)
They will demonstrate their leadership skills by leading the clinic and uniting young people from the outlying areas through their common passion for football.
Yet, the culture of offering condolences to the bereaved is less culture and more Islam. It is called ta’ziyah. Yes, there are indeed ills that go along with having huge crowds gathered in one place. But if each one of us smelt that camphor, tried on in our minds as our final perfume, then death would take on a whole new meaning.
(718) 260-9191
Rel took a deep breath, then walked over to the hearth and sat down on the fire. He stared at the mad child’s face; if you thought about the fire too much, first-realm logic took over and you burned. Flames rose around the hearth, though, eating at the walls and floor of the bungalow but not touching anything alive.
1/2 cup of good-quality pitted olives (I used a mix of black and green)
Congratulations !! please email us with your choice of 5 digi stamps so we can forward your choices to Whimsy Stamps and please take the winner's Badge from the sidebar to pop on your blog :-)
We're on our way to Washington, DC for the Obama Inaug and we'll try to squeeze in some good beer. I look forward to making our way back to DuClaw at the mall in Arundel Mills mall, the place where it all started. Looking on their website, they have about 20 different seasonals. I look forward to seeing how my palette has changed since I started reviewing beers. I hear there are a lot of specialty beers in honor of the new president. Got to love it.
Bottom line: It might be possible with more information to make strategic cuts at Windham, but the lack of program-specific recidivism data prevents using a scalpel to carve out less successful programs while protecting the ones that work. If the Lege wants to slash Windham's budget without that data, their only option is to hack away at the topline number, inevitably harming programs that reduce crime in addition to those that aren't working well. As Grits opined when cuts at Windham were first proposed, "The prison system needs anti-recidivism programming and it also needs resources for evaluating how well it works so it can be adjusted and improved over time. I'm all for targeting ineffective programs for cuts and shifting resources to programming that empirically works." For now, though, Texas hasn't sufficiently invested in evaluating Windham programming (or new treatment and diversion programming, for that matter), so inevitably cuts will be made with all the subtlety of a blind man swinging a machete - there's just not enough information for them to reliably do otherwise.
Today I want to address the innocent, yet taboo topic of kissing in honor of Valentine’s Day. The other day I was reading The Independent, and was surprised to learn that some of the earliest references of kissing were found in good-old, prudish India. Historians found Vedic Sanskrit texts from 1500 BC describing lovers “setting mouth to mouth.” I was taken aback because this is very contrary to the modern-day desi mindset that I know.
Though, I have to give the makers of "The Ancient Dogoo Girl" some credit. They went for the 'boob card' early, and moved on. From that point on, the series more resembles old episodes of "Ultraman" or "Kaimen Rider." Each episode featuring a monster of the week for Yazawa's, Dogu-chan, character to fight.
Why is this? Perhaps it is continued talk of the size of his salary – an issue raised on Friday by Advocacy Training Council chairman Charles Haddon-Cave QC – or just his bluff, uncompromising style.
If I Stay by Gayle Forman
I am nervous already and concerned about my ability to not f up a root touch up here with my poor lighting and otc dye...
santogold- "lights out"
Any other tips you have? Please share!
After a long pause, she spoke, “Electrical cords.”
No, for I have this little gem up my sleeve. This meal cooks itself! This meal clicks into action when I leave in the morning and it’s warm and spiced aroma is there to greet me when I return. This meal is done in the slow cooker!
still, I remain proud
May is a difficult month for so many in the widowed community.
Thank God!
And Peron was of course almost as bad for Argentina as Hitler, Stalin, Mao and Mussolini were for the countries that they led down the extreme Leftist path. Before Peron came to power, Argentina was one of the world's richest countries but Peron sent it broke and it has never recovered -- largely because, although Peron is dead, Peronism (Fascism) is still the strongest single force in Argentine politics.
“Why did you change oppa? Why?” Added her again, while she begins to crying louder.
Where we live right now is just.....just.....er, a, let's just say it's funny.
by the view out their window
As James Baldwin said, “There are days, some of them, when you wonder. What your role is in this country and what your future is in it? How precisely are you going to reconcile yourself to your future here?” This is one of those moments, like freshman year of college, where I have to ask myself this again.
Best gift ever. Thanks, Inti!!
He'll be working over there.
Then I looked over and there was Micah still half asleep. Micah comes and gets me every Saturday to watch cartoons and snuggle on the couch. We have done this routine every since he was 2 years old but this time he climbed into my bed and laid down. It was really strange but I just went with it. I tried for a few minutes to explain what I had just experienced in the closet. I explained to him how that when I have those times with God everything else seems worthless to me. I told him even the good times that I have with him, his brothers and mommy do not compare...much less the crap we deal with in life. I said to him “you have never had any moments like that have you?" He answered, “No." Then I asked him, “Do you know why?” He answered, “I am young and have not been though much." I then explained how that as we grow older and experience more of the pain of life and also experience more "Moments” with God we start to hate this world and long for God “Forever." Then he asked me, “Do you ever wish you were back in the garden like Adam and Eve were?” I almost said yes then I realized how foolish that answer would be. You see in the garden there were no ‘moments." I answered, “Hell No! You see Micah, in the garden there were no moments like what I just had in the closet and moments like that are worth all the pain in life. They alone are worth living or dying for!”
Walter dropped us off at the Variety, where a line was already forming. We, of course, started acting silly. I have proof of it:
lanemeyer- grovers corner new jersey
The tide or moon clock on St Margaret's Church is unique, and there are three different 'clocks' on the Saturday Market Place. The carving of the 'witches heart' on number 15-16 in the magnificent Georgian Tuesday Market Place and a medieval toilet seat in the Town House Museum all details which give character and pleasing variety. The Custom House was built by Henry Bell in 1683 and overlooks the Great River Ouse. There are two Guildhalls which indicate how prosperous the town was and one, Trinity Guildhall, has a chequered front. The town's Regalia collection is kept within and the beautiful and priceless King John Cup is amongst them.
My husband just celebrated another Anniversary of the day he was born, and we were talking about how 'things have changed' yesterday. Hubby can usually eat and eat and eat and never gains a pound.....and he discovered yesterday at a Doctor visit he has gained 9 pounds since last year. For a guy that can eat and never gain any weight, that was a little shock to him- that is a first- he may have to start watching what he eats....... like the rest of us......
4- The biggest reason it’s the worst is because it took something so awesome, and with so much great background, had infinite time, money, and scope to really get it right, and failed miserably. It was boring. It wasn’t funny. The action scenes were SOOO BAD. When you compare the fights in this one with the sword fight between Orlando Bloom and Depp in Curse of the Black Pearl, you’ll see what I mean. There was no rhythm. There was no heart to any of it.
What are Porter’s 5 Forces?
Later that day, I had to cut some clips and write cues for the news room. The whole concept for writing and editing for news bulletins is totally different to writing and editing for shows. I got some experience for doing that and receive some feedback, as well.
Everything I used in this layout is from American Crafts. I used left over strips of patterned papers and punched their edges with different border punches to create this simple but fun design.
light-footed, she comes to his bed
Next turn your filling in the frying pan onto a very low heat on the hob, alternately if you have an AGA cook on the simmering ring
She would later meet her military husband,
Location: on the booomboom-position-memorial-point; exact 10,27 meters from the stage on step 2 in the middle of the Gloria.
5) A friend whom I have yet to meet face to face (we met through an on-line writers’ group) sent me to his agent. She’s terrific and we discussed one proposal but I back-burnered it. This book is too similar to one of hers (a NYT best seller) so she had to decline it.
A second problem was that the governor used the expected free lunch to justify putting only $7.3 billion of the $10 billion in bond proceeds into the pension fund. The remaining $2.7 billion went to pay bond interest and to cover part of the state’s required pension contributions in 2003 and 2004 -- freeing up money to spend on other initiatives, including an aggressive expansion of Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program. This meant that when you added together the unfunded liability and the outstanding balance on the bonds, the plan widened Illinois’s overall funding gap for pension benefits.
55. Lee Hazlewood - Crazy Mama (2:29)
Cary Grant was prized in motion pictures for his suave, sophisticated style, a manner of talking, moving and dressing that bespoke, above all, class. However, if you watch his performances closely–very closely–you will note two things. One is a slight cockney (actually Bristol) accent. The other is a surprising facility for physical comedy, whether its face-pulling, tumbles, or double takes. The former has to do with his modest English origins. The latter was the result of his many formative years spent as a member of comic acrobatic troupe in music hall and vaudeville.
