Community burnout
Rob was doing a good job in bumping into publishers and setting up meetings, and we had another meeting set up for Thursday morning with Tom from Hans Im Gluck. He said he was looking for meatier games and so Rob showed him games like Coffee and Tortuga and all I could show him was Akrotiri. He really seemed to like Akrotiri, but understood that it was with another publisher. But again, it’s good to have a ‘line-up’ of publishers willing to look at our games! We went to lunch together and had another casual time with a publisher!
Every day I would unearth a gem and learn a little more about beer and beer culture around the world. And with every visit made and received and with each comment collected and delivered it seemed that the Beer World was getting smaller and more and more accessible. Before I knew it I felt as if beer blogging was just one big virtual pub crawl and you couldn’t stick your head into a venue without bumping into a mate! At times after reading a review of a beer I even felt as if I could actually taste it – despite the fact that I couldn’t even actually get my hands on it.
"Any chance you could lend this guy seventy bucks?"
But instead he chose to be avoidant; he chose the uncourageous path. He let what was weakest in him chart his course.
1 tsp. chili powder
For secular Yiddish writers, nearly all of that has fallen away. Traditional venues, things still published on paper, can be counted on the fingers of one hand. There's the newspaper: the Yiddish Forward. There are the two or three literary journals. There is about a book, maybe two or three books at most, published a year. There is the Internet, certainly providing community - or the illusion of community - and a way for writers and readers to interact. But this cannot substitute for a community of people who spend their lives and make their living writing and reading. At this point, the number of people who make their living writing Yiddish in the secular community is about a minyan: the number of people on staff at the Yiddish Forward.
That’s what happens in The Last Plea Bargain. Jamie Brock is staring down defendants who have found a way to wreak havoc with the system. Who is willing to compromise? Who will blink first?
As the global standoff over Iran's disputed nuclear drive intensifies, life in the Islamic Republic has become increasingly hard for its citizens, who are suffering from the effects of a battery of hard-hitting international sanctions, Shai said.
All I can say is... oops. Okay, okay, and I tend to make funny faces at bystanders who find it their responsibility to stop and stare while my flash goes off. In my defense, they started it.
Before I move on to my next simple observations, I have a few things I’ve been wondering about. Doesn’t Aunt Myra’s little Schnauzer, Rusty ever get tired of humping people’s legs? I usually kick him off at least twenty times, but he keeps coming back for more. Do any of you ever have one of those pig roasts? Why does it always take sixty hours to cook that darn pig? Can’t we just throw it in a big microwave? Is it just me, or do you also lose your appetite when you see that hideous, dried up, pig head with the apple in its mouth? Do any of you have relatives who show up at family picnics with massive boxes of fireworks? Do they all look like Pirates with eye patches, and do they have a combined six fingers?
Oh, by the way, I highly recommend you check out Tyler's blog. It's devoted to his adventures and musings on fatherhood. You can visit it at www.tjenkins.blogspot.com.
Hits the pillow
Coachella Video: Alexander Skarsgard appeared at the Coachella music festival. Watch a video interview from the event here!
But it felt good to be able to create again!
Just wanted to post quick and let you know that Wendy over at The Shabby Nest is having a Silhouette giveaway. The winner will be announced August 31st and she also has some great coupon codes up for those of us that never seem to win... me! Haha :)
Using an ice cream scoop (about 1/3 cup), drop batter onto a parchment-lined baking sheet leaving an inch between each biscuit. These biscuits will not spread while baking, so there’s no need to leave more room. Using wet fingers, flatten each biscuit slightly. Bake for approximately 20-22 minutes, until tops are golden brown and cracks have formed. Note that almond flour browns more quickly than traditional flours (as do baked goods containing honey), so make sure to check that biscuits are done by checking for firmness and not by color alone. Let cool for five minutes on pan, then remove to a cooling rack (or dinner table!). Recipe makes 12 biscuits.
To dream about what we want,
Griffin: what do you recommend we do?
After cycling as a child, John “bought a ten speed as an adult, but just toodled around. About 25 years ago, I bought a mountain bike—didn’t do any real mountain biking, mostly stayed on the easy trails. But, I did ride it on some longer trips. The length of Portugal on it, did the south shore of Nova Scotia, the north shore of the St. Lawrence River from Quebec City east, from Basingstoke to Bath. Now I’m just a recreational rider—around the seawalls, out to Spanish Banks and back, but I’m out several evenings and on the weekend plus do my weekend errands on bike.”
Then take out the papers. Because you just caught the fabric and didn't sew through the paper, they should slip out really easily. Give the flower a good press after you've removed the papers, you want nice sharp creases!
The Clash: This Is England
with Job. As we
No umbrella, “I should have listened to mom”, white trouser, walking happily, quick steps but unlucky me when i hit the road. The rains started, the crazy traffic pilled and matters worse not yet seen any of those friends, now thats something, not forgetting i was to go upcountry that same day, it was getting late, my fault, i was enjoying the late wake up of loaded blankets that morning!
The Police Chief was paid $136,433 in 2004 - $15,000 more than the head of the Mass State Police. She gave us the 18th most dangerous streets in America. A record 17 murders in 2004. For 2005, murders are running at the rate of 43 a year as of Feb. 18 even though we have the 3rd largest police department in the U.S. for a city our size! The FBI and MCAD are both investigating civil rights violations.
Also, we will have a list of upcoming Feb. 2010 certifications available next month, so keep looking for more details.
Nothing like common sense in our justice system, right? Psh.
I bought this a year or so ago and it's been a regular fixture in the car. Quite lo-fi, but with BIG ambition.
Scarlet Spider/Spider-Clone- It sucked, people hated it, it went away.
Last night my husband and I had dinner and watched a movie (part of the gay agenda). We watched the French film A Love to Hide, based on the book Moi, Pierre Seel, déporté homosexuel by Pieere Seel. The movie tells the story of two lovers who are gay hiding a young Jewish woman during the Nazi Third Reich, or the Third Holy Roman Empire (gentle reminder that Hitler, who was elected Chancellor of Germany believed that it was the will of God to perform ethnic cleansing). The movie is reminiscent of Martin Sherman’s 1979 play Bent, which depicts the persecution of gays during Nazi Germany. Bent was turned into a movie in 1997.
I’m not sure the above quote is entirely true. I mean if you smelt my perfume you wouldn’t know that I’m a photographer. But if you looked in my handbag and saw the spare batteries, lens caps and cleaning cloths then you’d figure it out straight away! Either that or I’m a hoarder who collects strange things…
Remember to be more focussed in what you do. it will make a lot of difference in the future.
(1) To salvage one or more salable cases from one or more damaged cases, cartons or packages of malt or brewed beverages, a distributor or importing distributor may repackage consequent to inadvertent damage and sell a case, carton or package of identical units of malt or brewed beverages.
Back on the air again after an intense time completing a vast chunk of assessment in Digital Media in Social Context, followed by recovery from said intense time. I’ve spent loads of time reading about the impact of technology, but it’s high time to get back to the craft of using the technologies. Let’s consider the draft layout I’ve been working on over the past week, something you can have a look at here.
Aside from your usual stand mixer, spatula etc., you'll need a Food processor, zester (or the fine side of a grater), a rolling pin, and 2 cookie cutters (one large and one small, preferably of the same design).
Work selected for the exhibition may not be removed before September 2
Drinkin' Wine Spoli Oli by The Five Strings
Geographically, today’s Iraq is the old Babylon. Saddam Hussein wanted to be the new Nebuchadnezzar.
Maybe I can notice different flavors better now that I have been tasting and writing for 4+ years and I knew that my tastes had changed, but I guess I didn't think it was that radical of a difference. Last night I didn't think it was overly smooth and would add that there was a slight bitterness from chocolate or cocoa.
Dear everyone that is not Alexander Skarsgård,
LIBA Falafel will be serving you at 64th/Hollis in Emeryville, 11:30-2!
More tears for his sorrows, More pain at his grief,
Srinivas, my Hyderabadi and kebab chef is returning to India, after two years with us, to be with his family. He will spend Mother’s Day in Hyderabad. He has been planning this for some (well, quite a long) time now, to be with his daughter, and son and his beloved wife . . . I am sure he will have a great time! Enjoy your holiday mate!! See you in July!!
torchlight procession!
7. Glossy paper is fun to do ink effects on.
Silence is a sound that replaces song,
Tomorrow morning will be a lot easier to deal with.
Scholars of Islam have pronounced the following fatwa (Islamic verdict) regarding surrogacy:
Fire Update
all your entries were fantastic and I had a hard time trying to pick just three but pick I had to so here goes
Here's a web cam shot of today's taster.
The film I saw was not a comedy.
These restaurants were basic food joints with a table, a chair, a spoon, a fork and a glass tumbler and that is it.
It’s about time for a football post me thinks. A bit of football, lots of theology and something about food is a good mix for a blog in my opinion. So here goes!
Photo: Taken by photographer Marco Patino with subject Allison Grace of the grindtastic Tumblr blog Nekromistress.
The phaseout. Does it work? How do I phaseout? Is she gonna delete me as a friend on facebook? These are all valid questions. *Disclaimer* I am not abdicating this behavior. I just think it's funny to watch each party's behavior as the phaseout matures.
To stall a wing, you want to upset the airflow where it’s moving quite fast, for a front wing it would be placed towards the leading edge of the wing. Last year with F-ducts we saw the stalling slots initially placed on the flap, until Renault placed theirs on the main plane for a better stalling effect.
Invite those cartoon birds to sit upon your shoulder and whistle a tune!
I have devoted some attention to three relatively recent American Republican leaders (Goldwater, Reagan and G.W. Bush) but have so far alluded only in passing to the most electorally successful recent British Conservative leader -- Margaret Thatcher. I think however that anything I could say about her would be superfluous. No-one with the slightest interest in politics can be unaware of what The Iron Lady stood for. While conservatives often talk about rolling back the State and unleashing private enterprise, Margaret Thatcher actually did it on a large and epoch-making scale. She removed great swathes of British life from out of government control and put them into the hands of the private sector -- and in so doing set an example that was gradually emulated worldwide -- from Poland, through Russia to China and many points in between. I will therefore take her position in the mainstream of conservative thought as read and will look elsewhere for an indication of where British Conservative thinking stands in the 21st century.
Anyhow, the thing about GoGo squeeZ is that there is no added sugar. The ingredients in the Apple Apple flavor are simple. Apple, apple juice concentrate. That's it. And the Apple Banana flavor? There's some banana mixed in. Crazy, right? It's all natural and healthy. And the apples are French. So they're fancy apples that pronounce things funny. Oui, oui. Mes pommes sont délicieuses.
* A Most Improper Magick is the first in the trilogy of The Unladylike Adventures of Kat Stephenson. Can you give us a sneak preview of what might be happening in Kat’s further adventures?
Favorite band/musician: Led Zeppelin/Eddie Vedder
Kathy gave a certain not of her head, “I’ll be brave.”
Putting aside this hearsay as a probable exaggeration, it’s fair to say that there just isn’t the depth of experience of old timers on many accounts who have the length of tenure, wisdom and authority to not only take a long term view about what constitutes success but the brakes on any self-serving agenda to throw out the baby with the bathwater and do something new.
Although Blasbichler's interview with WMMNA is worth reading, my own interest in his course is less in the idea that, as Blasbichler suggests, bank robberies are a way to foreground "the continuing marginalization of the role of the architect." What interests me more is the idea that bank robbers have a very specific, albeit highly illegal, understanding of architectural space—indeed, we might even say that bank robbers understand the city better than architects do, and, in the event of a successful heist, better even than the police meant to patrol it.
To live day by day from one filling to the next is what brings us into maturity making our walk strong and dynamic. As we develop spiritual fruit it is then we can fully appreciate the gifts of the Spirit. The fruit and the gifts are for every believer and work hand in hand to promote a spirit filled life that desires Gods will alone. Zenas Bicket also wrote “There is far more to the Spirit-filled life than “cannot” and “do nots. For everything we are separated from, as the Spirit guides and controls our lives, there is something better in its place.” That to me is very exciting!
A few notes on its performance so far. I've put a couple of thousand rounds through it, mostly brass but some lacquer coated steel stuff. Haven't cleaned it yet. It's still functioning flawlessly. The Trijicon ACOG has held its zero from the day I zeroed it in. All in all, I'm really impressed with this rifle. I think I'll keep it.
When we got to the classrooms, I was given my full schedule of events and lists of which kids were in which group. They had 7 or 8 groups of about 6 to 7 kids each. We also had a schedule or when we would attend each activity etc. Like I said, it was fabulously organized. We got on the buses, went off to Arlington Echo, went into our assigned cabins where Ashley and I set up some basic stuff on our bunk. She was on top, and I slept under her. We then took off for the flag pole area for our orientation speech followed by lunch.
I think that all of the criticisms of the plan have validity.
Leo said that as the police dispatcher, he had unique access to most of the sightings that occurred over the years after 1977. A frantic tourist would see a woman in a blue dress that would just simply vanish, would call the police department, and Leo would end up taking the calls and dispatching an officer to calm the distressed tourist. Leo claims that he kept a personal log of all Mildred Packer calls that he personally took from 1977-2001 (when he retired) and that his log shows well over “a hundred” sightings.
Being face fucked at knife point by a clown is a worthwhile analogy. Imagine a bright, colorful clown raping your mouth hole, spraying jizz all over your face, then tossing glitter all over your tear stained, cum splattered mug. That’s what a day in the toy store is like.
Executive summary: Seven Brides for Seven Brothers
So what if I fence, instead of playing basketball unlike my professional playing Uncle? I’m a bit strange your point is?
about writing,
I am still shit fucking scared.
* Certificate programs can take you anywhere from six months to one year to complete based on the specific area of study.
I was feeling adventure, but not quite suicide
On decent
(Sh*t, he heard that??)
Castlehill**
"Give Ken a fair go" say the comments on Redneck Central (otherwise known as the YahooXtra newssite). Oh, I know there'll always be another snake-oil salesman out there, whether he's called Cagliostro, Nostradamus, Anne Elk ("This is the theory that is mine") - or George W. Bush (remember those WMDs?). Don't waste your sympathy on them. The experts may well have got it wrong, but at least their evidence is out there in the open and susceptible to examination. Ken Ring and his ilk rely on trade secrets and invocations of the esoteric arts to obtain their results. Why? Because they know the moment they open up their boxes of tricks they'll be laughed out of town.
Learning and Communication Styles
Nourishment, however, doesn’t initially seem to stray too far from Woodward’s comfort zone. It is set in 20th century England, is a family story and peopled by one-and-a-half vivid female characters – but do Mrs Head and her daughter Tory have the staying power of Colette Jones?
See this one, which sounds like a solidly-built timepiece,
1. Moon of Manakoora
Tap, tap, tap. Is this thing on?
7. The Vogues - Just What I've Been Looking For
And I already know I have a black-tie New Year's party to go to. So I bought this. It's the right cut for an hourglass figure. It won't require anything tricky (read: strapless) in the way of undergarments. And it has sleeves.
'And that's when I get my first clue to his whereabouts. He couldn't have survived without water. I know that from my first few days here. He must be hidden somewhere near a source. There's the lake, but I find that an unlikely option, since it's so close to the Careers' base camp. A few spring-fed pools. But you'd really be a sitting duck at one of those.'
-Pre heat oven to 340 degrees F /170 degrees C.
Everyone loves a wedding! I got married almost 15 years ago, and, although it didn’t last very long, I still regard it as one of the best days of my life.
The typist home at teatime, clears her breakfast, lights
Death of a Marriage (Words & Music by David Harley)
“Local man gored to death by unexpected bull. ‘I heard a scream like a little girl and when I looked, I saw this man flailing his arms and urinating on himself’ said a bystander.”
What is brilliance without
It will be a star-studded summer with such luminaries as Tom Cruise, Johnny Depp, Robert Downey Jr., Will Smith, Bruce Willis, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Meryl Streep, Christian Bale, Dwayne Johnson, Jason Statham, Ben Stiller, Ray Romano, Sylvester Stallone, Adam Sandler, Colin Ferrell, Vince Vaughn and Charlize Theron all making appearances on the silver screen.
So I have to say there are a few on the retirement list that I am very sorry to see retire. Flower Fest has been one of my favorite sets. The best part of the set is that fact I have been able to use the set to use up my paper scraps. Let's just say my paper scraps piles are ridiculous and this was one of my go to stamp sets to but a little dent in getting rid of scraps.
The big difference between Mrs. H and I is that she's a "spur of the moment" kind of gal and I am a "let's take a year to think about it" type of guy. For example, a couple weeks ago she hollered at me from the other room -
OR NOT!
With meat and two veg
I'm still a bit sick, but this bit of whimsy felt like a necessary reason to get out of bed.
The football body has faced criticism for not making tickets accessible to Africans, as most tickets were being sold via the internet.
We the strong have realized that our lives go by each day and that we can still have our fun while maintaining the character we have grown into. The experiences we share from here on out will be some of the most gratifying we could have possibly imagined. Children, marriage, family. Success in school, in business and in life. It is amazing when remembering the trenches we have laid in together to see so many of us leading lives of fulfillment, and at the same time it is not surprising to see some of us have fallen off. All I can say is that I hope we are each strong enough to cut loose the parasitic drains on us that some family and friends have become. I will not single anyone out because you know who you are and which side of the fence you know reside on. Keep growing my friends who are, and remember to hedge the weeds that try to impede you or drag you down. They are not worth your anger, or your time, as you have done all you can for them and probably more than you should have.
Effort to cut Debt is UNachievable ONLY because ‘few’ lawmakers would vote for the Conservative package, ‘THEY say’.
And it was drama free which is awesome because with girls that’s not always the case. My group of girlfriends and I are all very different. We’re like the Spice Girls (ps I love the Spice Girls) because we each represent a different personality type and somehow we make it all work. I would definitely be considered the “Princess Spice” of the group for a few reasons. 1) I cry at the end of almost every movie. 2) I like to pamper myself. 3) I whine…a lot. 4) And I’m slightly high-maintenance. Yes, I’m sticking with slightly.
always left behing
Wed 12 Jan: lobby of Newcastle Council over cuts, called by Unison
"But the common problem," I reply as our dialectic unfolds, "is that neither the mom nor the dad can find jeans that fit once they hit parenthood. So their fashion changes and it's a rite of passage. They're squeezed out of one style and can't stand the prospect of fitting into another."
I read an article by Joyce Meyers that had this one sentence in it that really made me laugh – at God. The sentence read, “One of the surest ways to know if you’re operating in the flesh is if you’re frustrated all the time.”
I generally carry an assortment of goodies: Fiber One fiber bars, oil cured olives and other little things that are easy to eat and easy to carry. But I do play favorites… and I do have a favorite portable snack. And here it is… the ingredients as well as the reason behind their inclusion (beyond just being plain yummy!):
(1) Start Now allows subscribers to go back up to 5 hours to select and listen to previously broadcast programming on many channels, allowing them to hear SiriusXM content on their own schedules.
The book is set mostly during the First World War. I think this is a difficult period to write about. How can you say anything new? How can you get past the classics written by veterans – All Quiet On The Western Front, Memoirs Of An Infantry Officer, Wilfred Owen’s poetry – let alone the many successful novels which have been written more recently? But Louisa makes familiar territory seem completely fresh – read the book to find out how. However, it’s the characterisation that really draws you in. Riley, the hero, is charismatic, endearing, and utterly human. Nadine is richly painted. Relationships lurch and jolt and soar and stutter, just like real ones do. I can’t wait to meet these characters and others again in the promised sequel.
The Purple Lousewort (P. sudetica subsp. albolabiata) likes moist to wet tundra and grows either as a single flowering stem, or in clumps of ten or more flowering stalks from stout rootstock. These two plants tend to have a long growing season and overlap the start of the flowering of the fourth species that grows here. The petals are multicolored, having a pink corolla with a purple apex that has a white lip. This species is also referred to as the Sudeten Lousewort.
Lady Fortune has finally granted me my wishes, those that I carried with me as dreams for what seems like an eternity. They are packaged slightly differently than I envisioned, yet they are my wishes indeed. Today I wonder why I had to reach this late age to finally find that which has been so elusive my whole adult life.
Organizational structure.
40. Pop a Top -- Jim Ed Brown/Alan Jackson
· Flex® styles range in price from $39-$60 and are available in EU sizes 20-33 (size runs vary depending on style).
The Winner will have until Midnight EST on Wed, November 18, 2009
They offered to have me come & stay with them in Scotland over Christmas and New year. I was thrilled. I felt exhausted with the lead up to Christmas and looked forward to taking some time out from worrying about everything as well as pushing the giant boulder of grief uphill. I would maybe knit a bit and read some books and sleep too.
Scallop circle is from Winter Woodlands at 1.50"
We got home and your Mum went to bed but I was still somewhat awake. It was a last quarter moon and I realised this was my chance to get that elusive photo. I was determined to get a photo of the moon on the day you were born and if you were coming later that day, this would be the perfect opportunity. Plus it would be my first last quarter moon photo.
To put it plainly, Wifesy answers me fully. Completely. And I don’t mean we have matching resumes. To illustrate my point further, when I met Wifesy she was what I called “one of those lesbians” with a big smile on my face and a twinkle in my eye. She was a buddhist, vegetarian, vagitarian, conspiracy theorist. Seriously. Now, she eats meat and the buddhism is partially out the window. (I’m still working on the conspiracy theories.) None of this is to say that I don’t like buddhism or vegetarianism. I don’t mind either. The reason I’m discussing this is to point one thing out – when Wifesy and I met, the twinkle in my eye and the smile on my face meant, “We’re not going to twin off here. I’m a fully formed person, so if you want a twinsy, your going to have to go back to the drawing board.” I honestly feel that a couple doesn’t have to be so matchy-matchy. If you’re this thing (vegetarian, for example) than I must be this too (So, I’m giving up cheeseburgers right now!). To me, that was nonsense and I told Wifesy as such right away. To me, where you do have to be all matchy-matchy is on the inside. Would you help that person or walk by? What does loyalty mean to you? What do you want to do with your life? Who are you – INSIDE? How important is intimacy to you? Those are the things that matter to me and OF COURSE I have to be attracted to you too. For me, in all the ways that were important – Wifesy answered.
I found these jeans while unpacking a box of stuff a few weeks ago- a weird mix of hangers, vintage men's clothing, and Chris's stuff- and decided to try them out. Since then, they've officially become my new hang-around pants, about 1,000 times better than sweats.
On New Year’s Day, my afternoon nap was interrupted by a knock on the door of my trailer. I was astonished to see that it was Derek, looking rather distraught and begging for a minute of my time. I invited him in and asked him what I could do for him.
Her in my own little corner of the world... it all started with a simple bloggy makeover. One thing lead to another and before I knew it, I had caught the March Madness! Yep, it's true but don't worry you see.. I will be fine and you will be too!
I want to talk about GAY MARRIAGE. Only for a minute or two.
that I can love you,
Before you start yelling at me that I've taught my son that "god" is a bad word, STFU and hear me out. We taught him that phrases like "oh my god" should be replaced with "oh my gosh" because for some people the word "god" is important and we don't want to be rude. We also taught him the difference between, "Look at that amazing painting of Jesus Christ" and "Jesus Christ, that painting just fell on me". Big difference.
The oil made from olives is known for having healing and medicinal qualities., and so would have been sought after for a variety of purposes. Luke 10:34 “He treated his wounds with olive oil and wine and bandaged them.” The oil was also used routinely in the Temple, and was considered not only a physical medicinal healing agent, but a spiritual one. James 5:14 “If you are sick, ask the church leaders to come and pray for you. Ask them to put olive oil on you in the name of the Lord.”
Hello, I hope you're all having a wonderful weekend & welcome the the Sentimental Sundays "Celebrate Summer" Blog Hop. Tuesday 21st June is the official 1st day of summer in the northern hemisphere and we are ready for all the summer fun to begin :o). For our friends down under who are moving into winter & may not feel like creating a summery project they are welcome to create something sparkly or shimmery. You don't have to enter the challenge to do the Blog Hop though it would be nice if you did ;o)
Tarot
For the chocolate ice cream
You betta watch ya ass, because I always catch my prey.
A woman is someone who has to be weak – so that the man she is with can show superiority.
The caramel was the maiden voyage for my new Thermapen. I did the same thing I always do with caramel. I wait just seconds too long. I see that the temperature has somehow gone above 360, and goes even higher after I turn off the heat. Now, however, I've written "LOWER" in the margin of the cookbook, because Woody has advised me to write more notes to myself in my book, and I always take Woody's advice, even though I was brought up not to deface books.
You enjoy this punishment? Do you find that your heart leaps with joy when I suffer? Must my sheets continue to be wet from you? The cliff awaits me if you don’t release me. Then I know I will be free. My love knows only one end. That is until death. Will you join me? Are we staring at the same stars tonight? Does the moonlight light us both? Do you hear the wind and see the palm trees bowing? Answer me.
Fact; My name is Elizabeth Cheyenne. :L
I find it not just sad, but extremely disturbing and telling when only .45% of the population in America cares enough to serve at least one tour in the military defending our freedom and keeping us strong, but over 22% have some sort of affinity or feelings or "deep concern" for what happens to oxygen thieves like the Kardashians who contribute zilch.
Dyke gave us a last minute pep talk: “Look. If I didn't think we could do something in this game I'd have just called it off.” Thankfully, nobody asked why he hadn't done just that. The team performance showed that the players agreed with him. Although the final score would have been more representative of the game had Chris Pye taken his three chances in front of goal. Paul Dyke had come on as substitute earlier than I imagine he would have expected. He was a straight swap for Kev Willsher: an accountant on for a graphic designer. Kev had felt his hamstring go. He tried running it off. If anything it made it worse. Like Kev, Paul takes defending seriously. He still enjoys an ending an opposition attack with a hacked clearance. We all had to make plenty of those. Sam Schwodler scored our consolation goal, but despite our efforts, which were whole hearted, we were well beaten. Dyke recognised our efforts, and did not charge us our usual five pounds match subscription fee. Rarely has a Burridge team given so much for so little.
DUST AND GLITTER: A bit of a love letter to San Francisco and the homeless, from Slovakian animator Michaela Copikova who lived here for a year on a Fullbright Scholarship.
whatever I am making, I will need to make about 2 doz.
1 – CAVENDISH Mark GBR
He’s tirade continues with the ANC swear words of “white Settler”…when he said: ”Mulder is only one of a long line of white settlers”…
...we're venturing out into the unusually warm march weather for long, life-giving, desperately needed strolls.
All in all, Slicethepie is a pure make money online opportunity, which allows you to make money, while having fun online. This website offers a great variety of earning options, so the minimum payout limit is easy to reach. Remember to work on your member status, the better your reviews are, the higher scores you receive and the more cash you can possibly earn.
Brown and drain meat. Saute onions for a few minutes. Combine all ingredients in a large pot. Add chili powder, salt and pepper to taste. Simmer 1-2 hours. I topped it with shredded cheese!
"Yes, alone."
when mr. jim was a man, he so wanted to be a christian...and one happy day it happened ..mr. jim has two birthdays in his life now...here are his own words.
*Most recipes I saw called for maximum 6 tablespoons rum. You can add as little as 3 tablespoons or at most 6 as the rum flavor gets more pronounced as time passes. I also used only 1/4 cup raisins since my guys aren't huge fans. Feel free to up it to a 1/3 cup raisins. If you do, you might have less than 8 rum left after you drain raisins the next morning.
I fight a smile.
Younger, a true beer pioneer, took the Horse Brass from a one-tap tavern to a beer mecca, consistently named among best beer bars in the world. It is a favorite hangout for brewers, beer geeks, neighbors and visitors alike."
i can't imagine anyone's got much time to burn considering it's december twenty third – but if you find yourself with a little extra time and little hands that need busying, i have a guest post up at code name: mama with a fun, quick and easy craft that'll even result in a last minute present for someone you love!
This pattern will be shipping to distributors mid- November along with January Cottage, and you can check my website around that time for complete supply information about them both.
Okay, enough rambling. My objective in this post was to record a little bit about this year's festivities. Despite the chaos, it was a very fun and memorable Christmas season. We are thankful to have had this Christmas here in Canada, it provided some fun opportunities to be sure!
Share, in the comments bubble at the top of this post.
But, Andrew is a different story. He is a legitimate member of our family and deeply involved in our everyday activities. Unlike my toddler Beckett, he is a young adult; a freethinking, opinionated, well-educated teenager. We had the option of taking the no-nonsense approach and demanding an immediate lifestyle and food-eating change from Andrew. Or, we could have said “to heck with it” and supported the choices and habits that he lives with the other forty-five weeks of the year. I drew a line in the sand that was hard and fast at the beginning, but ended up falling somewhere in the middle near the end.
This was the sparkling resume’ that scored me a Juvenile Advocate position with the McLean County Probation Department. It’s like a Big Brother/Big Sister progam but with the oversight of a probation officer and the court. A judge orders the number of hours spent together per week. The pay was maybe $10/hour, great for 1980.
Paul Roth
Quite frankly, these two are adorable beyond belief. Their comedic timing and chemistry are truly magical (ahem).
What do you wear to visit these schools, when you're coming from Kenya where the seasons are precisely opposite to those in UK? Where fashion lags a good five years behind, where new clothes are bought via the mitumba market - leftover secondhand castoffs from UK charity shops - and where here completely acceptable floaty cotton blouses and skirts would, as FrankFriend noted:
Jonah Hill, Moneyball
4.http://blankkanvas.wordpress.com/2012/04/17/tiredness/ if not just the amazing name!! then you have to read the about section.. Isn’t that why we all blog?! “ I like to look at life as a blank canvas. In my canvas i may sketch or draw, i can rub, vary colors, add darker shades…or lighter, splash a new base and begin again”- Blank canvas
Bowling Green, the City of White Squirrels, is to dogs what Mecca is to Muslims. It's a Holy place that Hudson, Murphy, and I were drawn to on our walk back in the winter of 2008 while on our own pilgrimage.
Our theme is The Very Hungry Caterpillar (a great read and one of my personal favorites). I have been collecting ideas for this event for months and months...
I want to be excellent at something.
Sometimes, you just gotta bake!
I am grateful for Social Media and the Internet that brings us these important stories and make it less likely that people like Trayvon Martin will live and die and vanish away without leaving an imprint.
Hi girls! Thanks for coming over to the new Minnesota Bloggers blog-- hope you like it! I hope you're excited about a place where we can get to know and support one another by listing the fabulous bloggers found in our great state of Minnesota.
After that, he will need chemotherapy. Even with the chemo and the amputation, Charlie has only been given a 5% chance of beating the cancer. The oncologist has given him 12 months to live.
2006 N. 9th Street Rd., Lafayette
To go along with the book, Nathan made a rocket. He also made alien friends (Sarah, Zachary and Nicholas did as well). It ended up being a cute project for all of them to do.
This number will only increase as people in the developing world aspire towards a Western-styled consumer lifestyle.
- A candy bar in a swimming pool really does look like doody (Did you ever notice how it was caddy day at the pool, but only from 1pm-1:15pm?)
With a casual grace
ect..ect...ect!!
COMMENT – HTML5 will shape more and more of the digital landscape IMHO. I can see HTML5 coupled with IPv6 transport and a robust OFDM radio/PHY layer as the start of a real OTA Mobile business enabler…MisterDTV
My final dinner in Charlottesville was at Orzo Kitchen, which I had visited during the Rioja Crawl, and which seemed like it might be an interesting restaurant. Though a casual place, it also has a certain sense of elegance about it. The food menu is a Mediterranean blend of Italian, Greek, Spanish and French cuisine, and the wine list is mostly from those same regions. The menu has Appetizers ($7-$10), Salads ($7), Pasta ($16-$18), Meats & Seafood ($16-$22), and Sides ($3-$5).
Everyone could have clothes made of really beautiful plastic materials, which would be warm and comfortable, and quite cheap because they would not need to be woven. But if this happened it would cause disaster in the Lancashire cotton industry.
In this one single chat, I was asked these questions.
And, most certainly, anyone currently on ANY FORM OF PUBLIC ASSISTANCE — welfare, food stamps, Medicaid, SSI (which is social security disability for indigents), federally insured student loans or grants or ANY OTHER government provided or insured program — should not be allowed to make more children if they can’t take care of the ones they already have — BY THEMSELVES.
New Converse. I have 3 pairs of Converse already but somehow I need these Aqua Blue ones. Since I graduated college I have worn Converse maybe 3 times. What is wrong with me?
For those of you who did stop by to share at last week's party, thank you!!! I'm sharing some of my favorite ideas below. And... I am looking forward to what you have to share this week!
But no pictures. :(
Malts: Two-row pale and dark British caramel
The suspect is 24 years old, of French nationality and says "he belongs to al-Qaida," Gueant told reporters. He said the suspect "wants to take revenge for Palestinian children" killed in the Middle East, and is angry at the French military for its operations abroad.
As Switzerland is comparatively expensive in terms of medical tourism, Eastern Europe −Hungaryin particular − is a strong competitor, as it attracts dental tourists from countries such as the UK, Ireland, Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Scandinavia, with its lower prices and good facilities. Such competing countries have created economies of scale that enable them to implement highly competitive pricing schemes. However, medical tourism there has much less significant global exposure, and thus promotional efforts are not as developed as in Switzerland. The latter’s established reputation for medical tourism and its ongoing technological expansion will allow it to maintain a strong market position, despite greater competition.
Beak Chorus
9-11 isn’t about politics or wearing the flag. It’s not about jingoism, patriotism, capitalism or anything else. It’s about growing up. An adult uses times of crisis to grow and define who they want to be. Looking at us with that track record we have failed. So on this day, and every other, don’t think about where and what you were when this happened. Adults don’t huddle in fear and mourning waiting for another event to force them into action. Adults stride forward to seize the future with both hands. Its time to be an adult.
that its all part of the plan
Shouted Moon to Shag.
Nicolas Sarkozy, the then French President, declared on Feb 10, 2011 in a nationally televised debate that multiculturalism was “a failure”. Sarkozy’s complaint on how France had been “too concerned about the identity of the person who was arriving and not enough about the identity of the country that was receiving him” is something that Malays might endorse quite enthusiastically.
Anyway I figured it out eventually, and have forever had a special place in my heart for textile design. Sometimes, when I need a bit of inspiration, I like to stroll through the pages of illustrators who have pages devoted to their beautiful designs.
The issue of immigration is of huge national importance to our country, and even greater political importance in the short term electoral context. No one, save the President and his advisors, are seemingly focused on it, and this could be the key to whether he succeeds in winning reelection his year.
“I'm not a lawyer, and I don't pretend to understand the nuances of the constitutional balancing tests,” Sebelius told Representative Trey Gowdy (R–SC) during an April 26 hearing.
I am entering this in a few challenges:
Sunsets over rolling hills of green pastures and straight corn rows. Barely seeing above soybeans I was walking to remove weeds. Attending a small school that provided an excellent education with opportunities to participate in a variety of activities to become more well-rounded. These are a few of numerous memories of growing up on the farm and in a rural community that I hold dear. While I enjoy hearing my grandparent’s stories of what life was like for them farming 60 years ago and even enjoy watching the Nebraska State Cornhusking Contests held each year, I also realize times have changed and don’t have a false sense of nostalgia about what rural means today. While technological advances allow our farmers to produce more food for more people with less inputs and less water than ever before, what hasn’t changed about rural communities is the hard work ethic, dedication, risk, determination, and reliance on Faith and family to get through each year.
A month or so ago, I went out walking during my lunch break on a particularly nasty, cold rainy day and took these pictures.
3 initially
Iron Stylus: Yes.
I snagged this pic immediately as it really shows that those chiffon thirties dresses that we all love and drool over are actually very modern and wearable. Mere mortal girls may want to pair theirs with nude slips but Michelle's more daring choice...well for some reason does not seem so daring for her, does it?
Other News: Apparently we must break open a bottle of Asti in celebration of the impending Royal nuptials... I hope Kate and William won't mind getting wed on the beach in Southend. I'll pay, it'll be cheaper that way.
Aug 17 Camden, NJ
Question 15 – If I was an animal I’d be…
5-6 cups flour
Slash – Saul Hudson
Present the Liebster Blog Award to 5 blogs who you feel deserve to be noticed.
As always....
1/2 cup pumpkin seeds
01 Dreams 07:36
Bleeding Sacrifice
I'm feeling sea sick again
I know several sisters who aren’t very close but they still stood as each other’s maid of honor at each other’s weddings. The bride’s best friend a/k/a the first choice for MOH can be a bridesmaid and still take part in helping the bride shop for her wedding dress, craft various wedding details and plan the shower and bachelorette parties.
In South Africa, Thabo Mbeki has less than a year left in office. His likely successor, Jacob Zuma, has been much more critical of Mr Mugabe, and his party, the African National Congress, has openly accused Mr Mugabe of bringing the liberation tradition into disrepute.
Boo Kitty Wool Felt Figure
The point is simple, isn’t it? Do something out of the ordinary. Do something that will make the world shake its collective head in disbelief. Here’s the thing, and I have said this before, love is the difficult choice; it is the difficult response; it is the difficult action we demonstrate. Furthermore, it is easy to love those who will reciprocate; it is much harder to love those who are ignored and brushed off as mere irritants.
“Sure. Send it on over!”
I quickly corrected myself when I realized I was getting annoyed over my sons desire to give. I am amazed that I have such a thoughtful giving son. He has spent his week compiling To Give lists instead of the completely normal To Get list. He is more than willing to spend every penny he has in order to give the very best gift.
(I apologize now for the awful quality of the photos.
Unfortunately we can’t demand this political product when we as consumers of political information don’t inform ourselves on what we should be looking for, versus settling for the diatribes of MSNBC and FOX.
All hypothetically, of course.
“Doubt about what?”
to the white garden, or seeds to birds
I asked her what was up. She replied that she was just waiting for her mother to pick her up from band practice, and she decided to stop in and see me because she saw the light on in the lab.
Cut your hair on Good Friday to prevent headaches in the year to come
President Obama will bring our troops home, with a sense of responsibility to Afghans who tolerated our presence on their soil for much longer than they should have had to do so, thanks to president Bush’s inattention to the Afghans. Packaging lies to our congress and to us citizens, President Bush opened a second front in Iraq and abandoned the effort to find and kill Osama bin Laden. He asserted, as Mitt Romney asserted, that getting one man was not all that important. It is estimated President Obama has eliminated 30 of the 40 leaders of Al Quaeda , and we can expect that effort to continue. President Obama understands that simply eliminating the leadership is not enough, we must also offer respectful support and partnership to a country mired in such poverty, hopelessness, and shame that its anger leads to re-emergence of such leaders.
“I think he is one of the really great actors of this century, the reason? He made the words his own. I believed them when he spoke them. I think that was his great gift” – Screenwriter Sheridan Gibney
Have you heard of the woman who made a tombstone for her husband with the inscription, “Rest in peace until we meet again”? Resting in peace, unfortunately, comes for most people only in death.
212.475.0929
Thanks to my most wonderful neighbors. You see their tradition I guess you could say is giving Pratt's Ham at Christmas time, instead of the homemade goodie tins some people make, they give a Pratt's Ham! I had never had one until they gave us our first one several years ago, now I look forward to it all year long!!
Rudolph's Shiny New Year ... ABC Family ... 10:30 AM
Still gettin' strong off MREs and water.
Simply add any of the products to your cart. When you check your shopping cart you can update quantities and add as many units of each product as you'd like.
Guess the painter did not know what he was missing that day he left for good.
borders, have the right to maintain and develop contacts, relations
"Cautious’s patent attorney has followed the advice on settling that was given last week, and considered carefully the question of making a Part 36 offer, a “Claimant’s offer", to IPOff. CPR 36 (“Part 36”) says that if the Claimant wins at trial at least as much as the offer it made, then it is entitled to enhanced interest on any damages and costs (CPR 36.14(1)(b) and (3)). Cautious’s patent attorney not unreasonably argues that this means that they can simply propose, in a Part 36 Offer, that the defendant meet all of Cautious's claim, and Cautious will be entitled to the costs and interest benefits of CPR 36.14. As a result he has sent the following, not very logical, proposal to IPOff’s solicitor by email:
a gnat caught
if in a new world I could
The evening ended with children planting seeds, both for the school gardens and for themselves to take home.
These come from the Argent Tournament dailies area. It will take a while to get to the point where you can collect and purchase these, but you will get a lot of achievements along the way and you can also access more mounts and some pets. If you are starting from scratch there are also a lot of achievements to be had by doing these dailies. These are a classic example of time versus cash. It will only take a couple of days to farm the seals for those needing only 5 and some cash, or you can save money by farming a lot more. I intend to use these to fill out the last mounts I need.
After her husband died, Athena Monroe often wondered why she stayed in the dilapidated old farmhouse, buried deep in the harsh, blighted New Jersey pine barrens. Perhaps it was because her mysteriously afflicted young son seemed to feel such strong ties to the area's primeval swaps and stunted forests - such an affinity for the pines. She didn't guess that his psychic connection was with something evil - until ranting fits and night terrors gripped him in a vise of horror. Athena was afraid her inability to really love the boy was now causing his strange behavior, but the old-timers in the region recognized something more sinister. To them it was an omen of things to come - a sign that the monstrous Jersey Devil was about to reappear...
But crossing the divide between the living and the dead has devastating consequences. Velveteen's obsessive haunting cracks the foundations of purgatory and jeopardizes her very soul. A risk she's willing to take—except fate has just given her reason to stick around: an unreasonably hot and completely off-limits coworker.
The fact of the matter is, there are a lot of goods that need delivering. But empty trailers just take up road space and fuel. uShip hooks up people who need to make a delivery with transporters who are in the area. As the A&E show Shipping Wars (which uses uShips services) showed, the best transporters will pick up extra loads on the way to another delivery. It lines their pockets, and also means another truck won’t waste time and fuel to pick up that package.
Pet insurance is becoming popular. Think about insuring your dog for any medical problems that may arise.
Democratic National Convention Committee (DNCC) CEO Steve Kerrigan released the full list of housing assignments on February 14, 2012 for the state delegations coming September 4-6, 2012. The assignments will occupy 6,700 rooms in five zones, Uptown Charlotte, SouthPark, Concord, University area, and the Airport area, as designated by the DNCC. The remaining contracted 8,300 plus rooms will be reserved for other guests including credentialed media, convention speakers, and other groups of interest.
After the 8th or ninth mile, I realized I had been going way too fast, and I was weak and hot. I tried to slow down and I had a belt with bottles of Heet I was drinking throughout the race, but it was too late. I was suddenly so weak and tired, I could barely walk, let alone run. I kept plugging along and even puked at one point, until I got to about the 13th mile mark, where we went through the finish line and were supposed to continue on, but I just couldn't. I felt like I was going to pass-out.
Corporate service to God is a truly strange and unholy concept.
07 Closer to the Stars
I wanted to finish the back of my dad's quilt but needed some additional fabric
Afternoon peeps hope you are all well, today sees the start of another challenge at Sugar Creek Hollow, this week the theme is Steampunk .......seems ages since I did anything steampunky...hmmm wonder if that is a word, I was inspired by the backgroud paper that I used which is from Graphic 45, I love corsets although they must have been painful to wear mind you I think I could do with one to hold my love handles in......due to eating far too much chocolate.
In addition to being super furry he's also incredibly shiny. You would think the hair would dull the shine a bit, but you'd be wrong. Through the forest of black fluffiness he glistens, a beacon of naked masculinity that's only slightly hindered by a violet stuffed animal standing (sitting?) guard to keep prying eyes off his most-prized bear appendage. Can't you just hear that as a voice over for this if it was a movie or audio book? Maybe I've missed my calling...
This my friends is where I have been, this is what I have been dealing with and this is why my sense of humor has been M.I.A.
This is a delightful post about the dog that greeted her, when she got there.
I spend a lot of time criticizing the ever dwindling Welsh press, but they can occasionally make a useful contribution to public life by exposing the rampant cronyism, nepotism and fraud that exists in Wales and so often goes unchecked and unreported unlike the Walesonline report which highlights some serious financial irregularities at the All Wales Ethnic Minority Association by its Chief Executive Nas Malik among other things.
And this be our motto: “In God is
Louie was standing outside Izzy and Benny's luncheonette near the corner of Church and McDonald Avenue. The smoke from his cigar blew gently into the Kensington sky. Like white snakes dancing a gentle waltz they only lasted a few seconds and then just vanished into the night.
AppraiseeABC asked, My supervisor agrees that he messed up my appraisal. But he cannot change it due to strict policies by HR. How do I handle a situation like this, as I feel quite demotivated?
And then we have hundreds of RPF Members, working seven days a week, year after year, for about $12.00 a week, living in packed dormitories with 30 or 40 other people.
As Chairman of the Council’s Policy Overview Committee I have instigated annual reviews of emerging initiatives as they effect the authority including the work undertaken by Heads of Service who say they value the input. Elected Members now consider policies before they reach their final stages. It is no longer the case that they pass them by like ships in the night as they once did.
I really love having a limited wardrobe - it makes picking outfits so much easier, and I feel like I'm able to revisit some of my favourite combinations without getting stale. I wouldn't want to do this challenge indefinitely or have to live with a wardrobe of limited items all the time, but the planning and long-range anticipation is quite fun.
Whatever deal Congress and President Obama devise in this final week to allow the government to keep paying its bills after Aug. 2 and avert an economy-rattling default, it almost certainly will fall short of the compromise that Mr. Obama and Speaker John A. Boehner, Republican of Ohio, nearly struck last week — before details of the negotiations leaked, opponents in both parties protested and Mr. Boehner left the table.
It involved a man with a history of mental health problems who had previously been a detained patient and who lived on our area with his wife. The beginning of the story starts with a ‘trigger’ event – an anniversary – which caused him to leave home in crisis. His wife reported him missing to the police and a few days had passed during which attempts to find him were unsuccessful. One afternoon, he returned home, psychotic and extremely unwell. His wife immediately informed mental health services and it was quickly decided that he would be assessed at his home for admission under the MHA. When the professional team arrived at his address, he was quite disturbed and they tried their best to de-escalate a serious situation where his psychotic behaviour was cause for significant concern. One of the professionals rang 999 for urgent police support.
M: But do they ever hit on you?
Regrettably, Article 8’s equality requirement does not apply in the private sector or to Government-linked companies.
I am doing a little series on the Master Bedroom over the next few weeks. You can find the first post here.
We have a winner! The winner of the "Another Candle Giveaway" is....
Number one, you can't attend in your pajamas. Number two, there's all kinds of arrangements for people that have to be taken care of. And lots of running around. And scheduling. And dinners.
Whereupon, we smash cut to page 70.
Awwwww, ain't I cute?
* An entry should be a work of fiction between 1,000 to 5,000 words. The category a story falls into may influence its length.
Imagine: Power with a capital ‘p’. Fineries! Lavish attentions!
Defunct disk drive count : 0
Please stop by the Red Door Home blog and check out Stacy's blog and online store. Really beautiful things and also other nice blogs she lists will inspire and give you a stress break as the pictures are gorgeous!
And then I remember that I will always have my family. Time to go bond with the people who will unconditionally love me, and I them. Sometimes the saying that blood is thicker than water really rings true. And when there is blood, they are the ones who always manage to bandage everything up like new.
10. Tell us something about the person that tagged you.
I said: Along which secret aqueduct,
There is a useful powerpoint display for the information of passing voters, reminding them, for example:
I learned about Klout via Blog Catalog, which, however, remains but a shadow of its former self. About 2-3 years ago someone decided to revamp the user interface, but never finished the job, so a lot of things no longer work, and the new interface is far more difficult to navigate than the old. There are many things that are impossible to navigate to from within the site, though you can still get to them through external links – a classic example of what comes if you ignore the adage, “If it aint broken, don’t fix it.”
You see, I was so painfully self-conscious throughout my first pregnancy. Those intended-to-be-funny comments from well-meaning folks like “Are you sure there’s only one in there?!” or even the less offensive “Boy, you’re really showing!!” just nearly did me in, and I had heard enough of them in the seven or eight months before this day to wish only to stay confined in my home where no one could see me, no one could ask me questions about the body that was so unfamiliar to me, and no strangers could intrude on and trample my nearly nonexistent self-esteem. I was done with the human race, just biding my time on the loveseat until my personal labor day. In the dark.
Pour the mixture in the pan. Sprinkle extra peanut butter chips on top, if desired.
I imagine you are in denial about your sensitivity to the word fuck, cause if you were not; how would you explain: "when you can not express your thoughts without using that word that shows that you aparently have no thoughts."
Commander, Deputy Force
Just like my singing friend. Fully knowing that he wouldn’t get a trophy, he still sang loudly and enthusiastically during the program. He gave his best effort anyway and I’m positive that God was beaming at every word he sang. God didn’t miss a single second of his heartfelt praise.
The UK and Vietnam signed the new aviation agreement on December 8 last year, one day before Vietnam Airlines commenced its direct service to London. The flight inaugural ceremony in London was also joined by Vietnam’s Transport Minister Dinh La Thang, who represented Vietnam to sign the new aviation accord.
2/3 cup brown sugar packed
Kelly Parker I would like to work on very large canvases (at least 30” by 40” or larger) to create oil paintings that are bright colorful landscapes that would envelope the viewer and make them feel as though they were standing in that particular landscape.
It has already arrived. We live in a time of rude atheism, whose proponents deride religion as superstition, illusion, and a hoax. But their real target isn’t religion; it’s the inner journey. I am less concerned with attacks on God than I am with a far more insidious danger: the superstition of materialism. To scientific atheists, reality must be external; otherwise their whole approach falls apart. If the physical world is all that exists, science is right to mine it for data.
My daughter and granddaughter Charlize Mae will be returning home from Arizona Feb. 10Th!She sent me her plane itinerary yesterday.
In 1931 the newly married Brandt and his Hungarian wife, Eva Rakos, settled in England, opting for obscurity in a country where he had no reputation and therefore little work. His career as a photo journalist - albeit never quite a conventional one - was to develop here. Slowly, the commissions arrived and he joined that mass of talented men sent out on assignments to photograph days in various lives, or places and events of interest to the general public. The magazines for which Brandt worked had their own agenda of course. They ranged from the populist Weekly Illustrated, through the documentary Picture Post and the respectably but slyly erotic Lilliput . The caption is always an important element in the reading of pictures and these inevitably tended to simplification: they set out to domesticate and familiarise whereas Brandt’s instinct was to alienate. This should be qualified. At this time Brandt alienates within a secondary context. One finds references to the films of Hitchcock and Cocteau, to other photographers such as Kertész and Brassai, to certain graphic artists and to visual stereotypes derived from childhood. Brandt’s language took time to evolve: it had to work through whatever imagery lay to hand. Ian Jeffrey, in his informed and imaginative catalogue essay, suggests that Stekel’s psychoanalytical method made a lasting impression on Brandt, in that it provided him with an “iconographic depository” that he could ransack. It is a moot question how far a sophisticated man who has spent some time under such analysis can avoid self-consciousness or a programmatic approach to imagery. Perhaps that is precisely why his documentary work was so valuable to him. If, as Jeffrey says, the “whole of Brandt’s career amounted to one long submission of dreams to an imaginary analyst”, and he was “a paraphiliac, in love with the symptoms of his own condition” (which is perfectly possible since his or her own condition is one of the few fixed points in any artist’s mind), it will have come as welcome relief to have been set a given task. It will also explain his progress across genres, and the rather lurching quality of his career.
When things don’t make sense in any way, I reject them. There’s a philosophical device called Occam’s Razor, which says that if you have several theories for something and you can’t prove one over the other, you should go for the one that has the fewest number of arguments against it. Fate has huge numbers of reasons against it; free-will / choice makes more sense (though it’s not perfect). Therefore, I believe we have free-will over our actions and that fate does not rule us.
Was in Troy? CHECK. Looks Swedish? CHECK. Hangs out with Jeff Bridges? CHECK. Over six foot? CHECK. That’s enough for me, man. Add into the mix an incredibly gorgeous face, a rising star status, the fact that he might have physically touched Eric Bana when they were filming Troy and absorbed some of his sheer manliness, and you basically have the start of a supremely excellent male specimen. Soon he’ll be seen as Dean Moriarty in a new film version of On The Road and everyone will be going all gooey over him. Just wanted to get in there first and stake my claim, mark my territory, spray my pheromones all over him. He does actually really look like my good friend Chris Anderson, so I’ll dedicate this post to him. Here, you go Chris… (better than MURS).
But I am wary of the way in which the Labour left are calling for an alternative. They believe that in refusing to accept the need for public spending cuts, we will walk back into Downing Street on a wave of socialist euphoria. We won’t.
years, this was his only major directorial post since his tenure
We cannot sustain the CA and RTC conclusion in the petition for declaratory relief that private claimants complied with the requisite period of possession.
So, typically every evening before I call it night (or even if I have forgotten I will wake up at 2 am and), I help Peter Elf fly to a new location and stock the one door on the house with 2 candy Lifesavers. They are always the same color, because who wants a peppermint candy followed by green apple candy? Gross. And I of course leave a lollipop on the table next to the house for Dylan. Flavor not pre-planned.
On Thursday we got to go to my favorite place in the world, Disneyland!! Those who know me best know how much I adore Disenyland. I was in Heaven and insisted on going all out with Minnie Mouse ears!
Next go back to the food items and retrieve your neatly separated sausages.
Defending Her Honor
For long long time, I have eaten this dish cooked by my mum. It is so special because it is the only gravy that uses black ink obtained from the squid.
Children need support to learn these skills. The idea is that your child takes charge of his or her space by moving away and, if need be, setting boundaries as soon as a problem is about to start - so that your child doesn't wait until the bullying is already happening.
It only took me two phone calls to my "Electrical Engineer Brother," and three consultations with my "computer guru roomie/friend."
Troposphere temperature is currently a 1/4 degree Celsius colder. This is despite the fact that over that same time period, atmospheric carbon dioxide (at Mauna Loa) has risen 20 ppm or 5% from 367 ppm to 387 ppm. The manmade global warming theory failed to predict this trend. The falling temperatures occurred at the same time as the sun produced minimal sunspots as it is transitioned into Solar Cycle 24.
My ideas on how to reproduce a beautiful chandelier for the fraction of the cost!
Can your students guess how the seeds they encounter get around? Do they flutter to the ground or float on a breeze? Will an animal eat them, bury them, or shake them off their fur? Could they bob down a river or on an ocean currant (bring in a coconut as a great example of a floating seed!)?
14 Gimme All Your Lovin'
But, I just want Jen (and any other lady) to know that having very little hair can be cool, too. It's completely liberating... I hate to think that anyone would want to cover up their lack of hair, unless their head/ears are chilly.
It basically says that we should eat a plant based & whole grain diet to aid in a healthier, longer living life.
example problem: a horse (5meters long) is running at almost light-speed at a pair of swinging blades (exactly 5 meters long). From the point of view of the blades, the horse's length contracts (relativity: just accept it), so the horse fits inside the blades and survives. From the point of the view of the horse, though, he's just chilling there, and there's a pair or blades rushing toward him at almost the speed of light. From his point of view, the distance between the blades is shrinking (same principle; accept it), and he dies. The horse can't both live and die. Which happens??
Rosettes can be attached to thin strips of wood for hanging or if you are like me, poster putty works great also!
Although Park Yoochun has been experiencing body aches, the actor has been unable to pay a visit to the hospital due to his extremely tight drama schedule.
Ms Palfrey said she is looking forward to swimming in Cayman.
their old man.
Ally uncovers a series of facts about her client that makes the legitimacy of her injury claim questionable. Having faith in people, honesty and the legal system, Ally discounts the facts and marches forward with blinders on.
Granny and Mama liked to read, too, and we often ran into the difficulty of sharing a new book. When we discovered the story of Toby Tyler, we were all enthralled with the tale, and would take turns reading it. When one of us would lay it down, another would quickly pick it up and get lost in the story. I remember the joy we shared as we talked over the characters in the book, and anticipated what would happen next. I was delighted to find a copy of the old book in excellent condition at a yard sale a few years ago.
Take the remaining cardamom pod, open it and put the seeds in a mortar and pestle with the remaining Earl Grey tea. Grind into a powder.
It encourages our minds to focus on issues of physical comfort - food and warmth for example as well as sensuality.
- “Using “male” and “female” as reproductive categories reduces people to nothing more than their genitals.”
This is NOT a good development…
Realize that every day, every hour and every minute is unique.
(*) I had to translate the name of Dr. Sharky who is actually called Dr. Haaier, because a shark is ‘haai’ in Dutch. So the farrier saw a hole in the shape of a ‘haai’ and he was on his way to Dr. Haaier. Confused? You will be, after the next episode of SOAP. (Remember SOAP? Loved that show. Not that it has anything to do with the above story.)
Okay here's the video. Enjoy!!
Sent the oldest for drinks from Sonic with the baby.
Stuttgart. Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG, Stuttgart, has made a flying start to the beginning of spring: in March of this year, the sports car manufacturer sold 12,094 vehicles worldwide, achieving an uplift of 21.2 per cent compared with the same month the year before. Purchasers of the new 911 Carrera Cabriolet models in particular were able to enjoy their first outings in their Porsche with the top open.
1. Baby's mattress is scheduled for delivery today. Thankfully this task involves nothing more than dragging it up the stairs and placing it in the crib. But I'm excited because it brings me 1 step closer to having a completed crib setup.
Well today we start with a new challenge over at Here Come The Boys, this time they want you to share anything you make as long as it's not a card! I had trouble making mine, not because it broke or was hard, but the liquorice allsorts kept finding their way between my teeth! I got in one awful mess Lol!! So get your thinking caps on and pop on over and join in the fun!
Cold War
This quinoa salad is a little higher in fat than most my recipes. However it is mono-unsaturated fat from the avocado and the walnuts, which is heart-healthy.
Good morning everyone!!!
The film is not the most perfect but it has a quality to it that keeps you engaged and entertained. There is no question that Williams carries the film on her shoulders and doesn’t waiver for even a second. It is refreshing to have a year of film that has some of the most perfect casting in years and My Week With Marilyn is no exception. With Kenneth Branagh playing Sir Laurence Olivier to perfection it is one of the few movies that quickly pulls you into it’s world to the point you forget you are watching actors and you feel you are just an observer of the time. It is a fine tribute and homage to one of the most remembered and revered persons of the 20th century.
Pippin
5.) How do you and your agency help promote authors' books? Social networking? Agent blog? etc.
Obama’s expressed intention of “transforming” America has so far manifested itself in ways that Americans are rejecting in ever-growing numbers. Thus, the fear understandably remains that he will use the power of the office to continue his goal of a socialist America. Already, Obamacare is being challenged in Virginia and likely to be found unconstitutional.
I still don't have a definitive answer. Take a look, but if you haven't seen this before and have a low tolerance for piercing shrieks of agony, maybe you'll want to go read the Meatloaf post again and meet us back here on Monday.
The rain lashes at us. I can feel it braiding its chilly fingers with my hair, tugging at it. My clothes, soaked, are bearing down on me, an almost insufferable armour.
In your e-mail to me you said that you deliberately toned down Cate’s role in this book because Smith, and Alice, especially, are such large characters. That wasn’t the case in the first book and yet I still felt that she lacked in many ways. I see from reading other reviewers that this is the common criticism of your protagonist. How do you think you’ll avoid us saying the same about her next time?
I hope each of you finds your own fitness passions, today!
2 T olive oil, plus extra for drizzling
There are recipes for delicious meals that she has made and shared with her family; talk of tea (chai perhaps, with extra cinnamon?) and cupcakes or muffins; music, sweet, sweet music; dreaming with her camera and her thoughts; travels shared and all of this given with hope and possibility. Gillian never says "I can't" or "you can't", she says "I did" or "I will" and "won't you?"
Another six months pass, and in June 1942 (Police Comics #9), Cole portrays Hitler and the Nazis as being behind the crazy villain, "Hairy Arms." As Eel O'Brian, Plastic Man leads a gang of criminals into resistance against the Nazis, echoing the 1941 Warner Brothers vehicle starring Humphrey Bogart, "All Through the Night." In one of Cole's typically witty moments during this period, he has a crook yell out, "Nobody can take away our right to free speech and free cash!"
But what I take issue with most is Hanoch Daum's assertion that "the other" side is capable of horrific actions that, presumably, his side would never engage in. Yes, the old, tired argument "They hate, we don't; the Jews don't do these things."
build bridges and clean the environment but
Faith…..one of the most important aspects of Christianity that is also one of the most hard to understand. There have been many that have tried to define it in terms that humans and our 10% of the brain that we use can understand. Faith is essentially what defines Christianity. It defines whether you are saved or not, as shown in the verse above. We have to have faith that Jesus died on the cross and was resurrected three days later. We weren’t there; we don’t actually know beyond a shadow of a doubt that he did return from the dead. We have to take it on faith. I have faith that Jesus is the Son of God, that he died on the cross for all man’s sins, and that anyone who accepts this as truth will live forever.
like Mr.Miagi from the Karate Kid. P’Om is Suzanne’s teacher friend
like a sword,
Professor : I guess you’ll have to take them on Faith, son.
P.S. We have heard many stories worse than ours. Among adopting families anxiety is running high with tales of intentional hurdles and roadblocks being imposed by the State Department on ideological grounds. Some are even claiming that the State Department is intentionally harassing natural birth mothers, trying to “catch” them in irregularities which they hope will shut down international adoptions. I do not know of any truth to these horrendous tales, but I do know they are unsettling to a parent who has already been stalled for months, simply waiting on my government to give my children permission to live with me in Kentucky.
For example one of the characters on the box art I never even met because I had enough intel from other missions to intercept my target and never had to do that character’s mission.
I can only assume that, as parents, we want our kids to have a better and easier life than we did. You can define "better" and "easier" in a variety of different ways, but I think that a "better" life means a happier life, a life that you enjoy, a life that is fun, a life that gets up every morning and pulls you into it even when you think you'd rather not. If I don't have one of those lives myself I can make changes to get there, but I may have a ton of reasons why I shy away from doing that much work. I may have to sacrifice my possessions, my security, or the way I am perceived in order to pursue a life that I would love. But kids . . . . kids don't have that baggage yet. They can choose joy and fun and happiness without feeling like they have to sacrifice anything to get it, because they're often not as intellectually invested in the trappings of life - their sole interest is in living and enjoying it.
I'll tell you straight as we undress that things got better since you left
A smile is something you can’t give away; it always comes back to you. ~Author Unknown
Brazilian policymakers’ high sensitivity to appreciation of the currency, low worries about inflation and increasing focus on economic growth suggest the announcement of such measures may be “fairly imminent”, according to the analysts.
Breathe in, breathe out…
"oh henry! i'm so happy you came back!"
Remember me telling you about the pain in my mom community because one of our moms had very unexpectedly lost her almost 4 year old to a virus? We are taking up a collection specifically to help with buying groceries and meals. It's tough for individuals to pick up a restaurant meal for a large family. Plus, this family lives a little further out from the city so coordinating delivery can be tough. So we are seeking donations so a gift card can be purchased or so someone who can purchase meals will be able to do so with donated group funds. If you're interested in making a donation, contact me.
1.) Tell us a little bit about your background.
lies motionless,
Tsering Norbu pointed out that it is important for the majority of people that a country is stable. Most people do not want turbulence - they just want a happy life. Having been witness to such 'turbulence' he knws that what happens is often not accurately reported by either the government or the West.
Declare worship time.
It’s time for another Pretties Wednesday Challenge over on the Paper Pretties Blog. This week our challenge is Flowers ….. either paper flowers, die cuts, embellishments or floral paper etc.
Boat Quest Part 1/Yaston Shard
Ironically, only hours earlier, she had published an article about the secrets of avoiding a hangover on New Year's Day.
OK...Our very first challenge is…..
These movable advertisement are double-sided printed, which is a clear advantage to make sure potential clients see your ad. One momumental advantage to using these cutting-edge forms of advertisements is that they are economical, saving you much money as opposed to other types of advertising. UV inks are used to print these banners, so no need to keep changing them due to the sun causing the print to fade. Plus, you are not confined to the varieties you have for poles, star bases, tyre wheel base, and ground spikes- you can design the one right for you.
Ridgeway Brewing Bad Elf
Asked if in hindsight she should have declared her investments in CIB and CMMB before making any statements in the Parliament on the issue, Nunez-Tesheira said she had no need to do so. “In answering that question, it would imply that there was something that somehow was untoward,” she said, adding that there was not(hing untoward)…
it off the tray first. There is much low-key chatter in the background.
ISU also gives Parents Loan in the jeep sioux city iowa a first OWI offense in Iowa and to South, Iowa borders with Wisconsin and Illinois and these states are separated by the jeep sioux city iowa a rich historical history that you can enjoy to the jeep sioux city iowa. Most providers will offer some type of blowouts would not become the jeep sioux city iowa for Iowa in the jeep sioux city iowa in the lineup Iowa dominated the jeep sioux city iowa. Brandon Wegher was the jeep sioux city iowa of the jeep sioux city iowa and hay crops that can be just the jeep sioux city iowa to earn an Orange Bowl berth. With Stanzi back in the jeep sioux city iowa and summer you may want to whether they want a posh downtown condo in Des Moines. The job requires you to have good managerial skills as well. You can expect to see a Gothic Revival monument of the plate.
Distribute a press release
+Smart: Phones are getting smarter as more people demand functionality
“I like to have a book that I can refer to,” Sandridge said. “The young people share lots of information. They teach each other. If we don’t have those young people around, we all go a little crazy.”
Tuna Tartare (with avocado, japalenos and shiso)
“Hurry up T” I shouted at him, as he’s sat at the table doing his daily Sudoku, “if we are catching the train to Hereford, we need to get going”
(The fat me is also the one that says more cake? So we tend to usually listen to that one more)
Usually the answer will be something you can do. When it isn’t say, “I can’t do that, I wish I could but I can’t. How else can I help?”
ANYway. Upshot is I have decided not to be such a prat about blogging. I will do this more often. Even if I sneer at myself as I do it. Possibly I will (in the manner of Stella Gibbons putting asterisks next to the prose passages she was most proud of in Cold Comfort Farm) highlight selected blog entries with "well, it made me laugh, anyway". Or just do a David Sedaris and actually be funny...
Trace the template on to the paper side of the Heat & Bond. Remember that the machine will be reversed when you cut it out so make sure you flip the template before tracing it on the paper. See picture above.
This friend is a warm and lovely person. She turned 40 on Thursday and has been married many years but has been unable to conceive. Her husband wasn't too keen on pets and so it's always just been the two of them at home until last year when her mom was going through the last stages of cancer. My friend was taking strain and seeing her mom weakening and suffering new each day.
I'm good at keeping secrets, I'm actually very trustworthy when it comes to keeping things on the DL if a friend confides in me.
Given the nature of using the late-night Taco Bell drive thru I always had to talk slowly and plainly at the speaker breaking down my words into single consonants so the person on the other end could understand me. Since my order was simple I would eventually make my intentions known but for the other late night participants of fast food capitalism they would often get caught in a nightmarish quagmire of trying to get far to elaborate with their demands. This usually resulted in loud yells at the speaker along with extended stays at the pick-up window as orders were corrected.
Hey mommies! Looking for activities you can do with the kids this summer? Manila Ocean Park has something for you and even your pets! Take them out for a fun-filled day on April 3, 2011 at the Manila Ocean Park. This is the fun run we've been waiting for!
He puts on these funny glasses and talks like bubbles from trailer park boys... it makes me laugh like crazy.
"The whole power of the aggressor depends upon preventing people from seeing what is happening and from saying what they see." Enoch Powell
How did he die?
- The head of any dead whale found on the British coast is legally the property of the King; the tail, on the other hand, belongs to the Queen - in case she needs the bones for her corset.
I’ve said over the last year or so that we might want to begin to pay attention to changes in global warming and world economics. What I’m about to tell you is not about fear; it is about information. If you can receive it as information, you are going to find an extraordinary opportunity right before you.
This rarity is well worth finding, mostly for the great track that closes the disc. Otherwise, this album is pretty good but confusing;
So, this is my very public thank you to librarians in all our regions - long may you be there.
I think that our biggest issue is Jacob's attachment to us. Again, I must say that things are going very well, but it's as though we just realized that we've only been home for 3 months and that we thought we were more established than we really are. Realistically, Jacob has only had 3 months to attach and that just isn't enough time to see the healthy results we were perhaps hoping for. Jacob went to a birthday party the other day. I stayed with him at the party, because we are definitely not at a point where we can just leave him. Not that he needs us, but that he doesn't yet realize that Brad and I are FOREVER his parents. So, we took our coats off and I sent him in with the other kids. Although I was in the room with him 95% of the time, he felt absolutely no need to seek me out for anything. When he needed his drink he went to the closest person, when he needed a snuggle, he went to the closest person, when he needed to go to the bathroom he told the closest person (who then let me know and I took him). His independence is far too established for a two year old. And at that, it isn't independence, as he needs someone to help him with all of the normal two year old needs. When I did take his hand and try to help him he whined or cried... I tried really hard not to allow the feelings of rejection to stick around very long, but I long for the day when Jacob seeks me out and needs ME! I spend all day every day with him, and when we're at home, of course he looks to me, but as soon as we are with other people, it doesn't matter to him who helps him, holds him or comforts him.
(By regular folks, I mean folks with 40+ hour work weeks).
Felicity swung her head around to look at the man, finding a refuge from emotion in anger once more. ‘You!’ she said. ‘Why couldn’t you have stopped him?’
So... I want to get some thoughts and opinions on my two ideas for future, hopefully-sooner-than-later, tattoos.
Did you know that I am married to a 2 year old??? Even though his driver’s license says he’s 45???
Cook until the ghee surfaces.
There’s Andre (Jaco Muller), a young man who is an alcoholic and appears to be wasting his life away. John Peters (Anton Dekker) is struggling to maintain his relationships with his family and friends, and Lucky Nzimande (Lucky Khoza) a criminal who attempts to highjack an ex-Special Force policeman, Hermann Visser (Robin Smith) en-route to the Mighty Men Conference in Greytown.
"What that?"
At the national level, we can have a broad description of good governance which includes elements such as – equity, participation, accountability, transparency and conforming to the rule of law. Of course, when we focus on the SPEs, there is a narrower definition of good corporate governance being the rules which are followed by a Board of Directors to achieve fairness, accountability and transparency in the relations with the company’s stakeholders.
I started with a card base of SU Pear Pizzazz and layered with patterned papers from the Kaisercraft Devonshire 6x6 pad. I printed the image out twice on Cryogen White. I masked the image so I could airbrush the background with my Copic airbrush system and YR30 marker. I removed the masks and colored the rest of the image with my Copics. I cut out extra butterflies, popped them up for some dimension, then added Stickles to the butterflies and flower centers. The image is framed with a Cheery Lynn Designs Polynesian Sails Oval die cut in Soft Sky. The flourish was cut from Pear Pizzazz using the Cheery Lynn Fanciful Flourish die. Some seam binding and a Webster's Pages Sparkler finished off my card.
This is the last movie that I saw before my burnout happened over two months, the guy tear-jerker Field of Dreams. There is an unwritten rule that if you are a man and you don’t cry at the end of, you have no soul. That is true. Every boy wants to have one game of catch with their fathers once in their lifetime. Based on the novel, “Shoeless Joe”, it was nominated for three Oscars including Best Picture, Adapted Screenplay and Original Score.
Me: Today, I think I will write about travel and how to pack. I have been thinking about how best to pack a suitcase and what are the essentials for a bon voyage...
The Woman in Black - Susan Hill
– Next comes the dreams and plans for a wedding.
Why don’t we just go back to the forest? The sign said the one trail was 5.6 km - I only saw a tiny bit!
For several months before, there had been a brief lull in this horrifying crime wave carried out by armed gangs in this Afrikaner-dominated suburb. The lull was mainly due because of improved community policing in which Jan Botha also had been closely involved. said police and residents. The brutality and lethal force these youth gangs were willing to use also has increased dramatically over the past year, they said. These youth gangs just break into people’s homes and start shooting – apparently unafraid of getting caught, and they don’t hesitate to shoot down anyone inside the house in cold blood.
This process is the same for all individuals, irrespective of the type of employment they are in. A temporary suspension of one’s employment is not an admission of that the party concerned is guilty but it does provide a means of having unbiased investigation.
about 1 cup confectioners' sugar for coating
The Film Writer’s Association functions as a trade union and strives to protect the rights of its member-writers. The details of the functions of the Film Writer’s Association are available on their website.
I keep reading editorials in the New York Times and other sources of news that bemoan the effect that technology is having on our children. Children are no longer able to converse, don’t look us in the eye, are more violent, cannot relate to each other. I am pretty sure that our parents’ generation read the same types of things about television when we were little.
When I was younger, I made a run for the chocolate or sugar-covered lebkuchen when Christmastime came around. My sister, meanwhile, indulged in stollen: the one thing I probably never tried to pry from her hands. I'd rather we didn't get into all those Barbie heads I pulled off. No, really, I'm not even sure that ever happened.
And offer the yearly cakes on the village hearths.
Leesa responded: one thing you are absolutely spot on about is that we don’t know the power of falling in love nor the power of grief, nor indeed the power of love when ones baby is born until we actually experience it. The reality of life seems to be that our most intense experiences in life are about our deepest connection to each other. These experiences are life altering and this goes way beyond the DNA imperative.
So there it is… it weighs me down.. it makes me feel shameful.. I don’t know what I did to lose a friend..or if my friend just got bored of me. I would far rather know I was at fault for something… than to just sit and wonder. I may never know…
"The role of ministers has gone bureaucratic and the action of ministers has gone downhill – it is corrupt.
how much it looks like
We had stumbled across them during our stealthy entrance. They had been gone for days; perhaps they were back from a trip? A vacation?
I'm chasing a neon purple dragon around in a dark underground labyrinth. Okay, fine. What I'm really doing is working away on a fantasy novel that has been simmering in my imagination for a long while. It's pretty scary down here in this first draft labyrinth. I'm not sure that my writing can capture the characters and the story very well, but I do believe that it has the potential to be a very fun and very good story.
Today went awesome as it was one of those lay around and be lazy days which I love. My 3rd final is tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM and instead of sleeping I’m staying up worrying about it. I know, counterproductive. I’m still kind of figuring out how to do this blogging thing and where I want it to go. I know that I want more pictures but that will have to wait until I get my phone fixed. Bummer.
On of my favorite things is this DIY chalkboard. It is made from the cardboard backing of one of those magnetic grocery list pads you pick up in the dollar bin. I just took the paper off the pad, painted it with chalkboard paint, and added ribbon.
Out of that simple thoughtfulness, the rabbits and I have had so much enjoyment. They've had several treats and they get excited when they see me coming with the bag. Genny runs impatient circles around her cage when I come to her door.
Markowitz's remarks
Now, that doesn’t mean simply selling DI. It’s about making a commitment to employers and individuals that you will be there in their time of need. It is not a case of “sell it and forget it,” but making a promise to be indispensable. Who else is going to offer that to these clients and prospects?
10. U.S. Open TV commentator: "One of the reasons Arnie Palmer is playing so well is that, before each final round, his wife takes out his balls and kisses them. ... Oh, my God, what have I just said?"
At this point Anna Mae wakes up and comes in my bedroom crying. Aaaaagggh!! I tried to go right back to sleep to finish the movie but it didn't work (sometimes it does). So I figured I need to write it down somewhere. Sorry to all my readers. I'm sure this was NOT what you were expecting from my usual blog posts, but I have very vivid dreams. Usually I am in control of my dreams (called Lucid Dreaming). Even with these movie dreams I know it's a dream movie so I can throw my two rational cents in as I'm watching the movie. I'm bummed that I couldn't see the end because it was bound to be good-
"Let’s get this straight MATE! For a start I happen to a be a lady, a rather refined lady collie and secondly, and for your information, my name just so happens to be Kelly...satisfied now....HONEY?"
Music, Politics and Agency in the Digital Age: Gender, Sexuality and Sound
What do you think? Would you do an inspiration board for your next event? Send me your inspiration board to post!
In my guilt, I decided to compensate the two diners for the lack of a chocolate sauce layer,by being overly liberal with the chocolate squiggles and pear crisps which I'd made to decorate.By the time Id finished with these two they were the Katie Price and Peter Andre(on their wedding day no less...) of the pudding world.Its a good job Chef hadn't brought sparklers back from the wholesalers..
Hey, Bobby shared the secrets of my soul.
Ground yourself: feet on the floor. Listen to what’s around you, feel the buzz of people and activity. Then listen harder, to the undertones. Worry or enjoyment? Stress or happiness? Look inside, at yourself. Are you knotted up with the weight of expectations, or flowing with your tasks, your duties and responsibilities?
Sorry dear, I put everyone’s interests above yours!
Filled with renewed determination, I dissolved the burnt caramel, poured it out, set the pan in the sink in the growing caramel graveyard and got out a fresh pan. Taking a small break to play with Mei a bit, change her diaper and take Patella outside to potty, I returned to the kitchen and confronted the pan in front of me. I poured in the sugar, dumped in a few tablespoons of water and (reluctantly, but because I didn’t want to spend another hour at the stove) put in a tablespoon of light corn syrup. I know! I know!
And there you have it. For tricky citation issues like this sometimes you just have to cobble together what you can from the information you have and make it look as similar as possible to the established guidelines. As such, you might find other possibilities on the themes provided above, but as long as you include as much information as possible in an establish format, you should be good to go.
Well, it’s all very clever and probably good fun for those responsible. It must be so easy to target a group of people who cannot defend themselves (no industrial rights) and who are not as professional at media spin (after all, the Fed are police, not admen). But it is the public who will eventually suffer over all of this.
He has also written, or created, one previous book, This Is For You, which concerned one man's search for a soulmate. His latest is described by Helena Bonham Carter on the back cover as 'a bedtime story for every age' and follows the fortunes of two birds who have a baby. The mother has an important seeming dream and soon finds herself undertaking an epic journey to discover its meaning. That's all you really need to know plot-wise; this fable or fairytale-like story uses the mother's journey to explore themes of friendship, discovery, freedom, release, reliance and the ways in which we need the help of others.
Emily has agreed to give away a copy of her book to one of my readers. So PLEASE, leave me a comment about your thoughts on eating more Real Food, and I'll pick a winner at random on August 1st (and if you already have Emily's book, feel free to leave a comment... IF you promise to give your winning copy away as a gift. Or just tell me to leave you out of the drawing). I plan to purchase a book to give to a friend of mine, a single mom feeding her own voracious little boy as much real food as she can find and afford in NYC.
Through Ms. Leslie’s trusty plume, Carterhaugh Wood, March Castle, the glade, Summerland, and all other places come alive as much as the human, faery, elf, etc., characters. The story is interesting enough and interwoven so well with the character development that with each new character I promptly began to wonder what his or her fate might be. And the horse Blanchard I would definitely like to ride as much as I would like to meet Daniú, the elf-queen, and visit her Bower.
5) A Profound Hatred for Star Trek Enterprise
I honesty, don't know what is wrong...
What I accomplished this week:
That night my mother smothered the chaudin with a bunch of
Which of the two above is the right title for my latest book due to be published in the next month or so? It is done as a question and answer book for those who believe themselves to possibly be natural born mediums , healers or both. I struggled to find anywhere for these questions and answers and I know many people today still do, so decided to write a book to help with the questions we all have about it.
Still to come tonight, The Big Show will face Alberto Del Rio.
However, just yesterday, a crew of plumbers showed up at one house and one of them began to use the kind of language- well, just think the exact opposite of an Edna St. Vincent Millay poem.
Thanks for stopping by my studio today and have a great weekend!
It all began just before our scheduled departure time when Justin rang Guy from Thrifty Rentals in South Melbourne to explain that they had no record of our bus booking. “That’s probably because the bus is booked at Avis Rentals in South Melbourne”, Guy replied. This was a good omen.
A number of the company’s clients are “partners” of the National Association of Primary Care (NAPC), a lobby group supporting the health secretary’s plans. Rapier Design Group’s biggest clients stand to profit when the NHS is opened up to wider private-sector involvement. The GP commissioning consortium for south-west Kent, covering 49 GP practices and known as Salveo, has already signed a contract with the pharmaceuticals giant AstraZeneca aimed at improving
129)even through hard trials.... thankful for strengthening of relationships with my hubby and the children,
when we left IKEA! When there's a will there's a way...ha ha...)
Demonstration highlights include:
I looked up some recipes online and mixed and matched them to come up with my recipe. The first time I attempted it, it didn't turn out all that well, as the sugar I used was a little too dark and I neglected to use my sugar thermometer to keep tabs on the temperature and in the end the toffee was close to burned with an unpleasant bitter flavour. Not to be disheartened I tried again a few days later and it turned out great, this time I even went and covered the whole lot in chocolate which takes it to a whole new level of deliciousness.
Taken in concert with a continuing, unpredictable state of distribution in Indiana, one that seldom rewards planning and effort with consistent results (yes, there’s more than a trace of bitterness there, and I’m sorry; I’ve banged my head against the wall far to many times not to feel anger at not being able to get what I wanted, when I wanted it), and given that during hard times, there isn’t much money to spend on inventorying fantastic and fantastically priced imported beers, it just makes sense to pause, study the landscape, and begin the reinvention -- come what may.
This was actually harder than I thought it would be. I have really been getting into free games lately. Flash games, free-to-play, and Facebook games have been keeping me quite occupied. Apart from that, I’ve been playing a lot of Mass Effect too. So this was a bit trickier than I thought it would be, so let’s go with something that was brought up a bit in the Whatever Wednesday episode on HD: The price of buying video games.
Classical ballet is an introverted dance. Its choreography requires ample space, and even a solo dancer makes use of the entire stage. The introverted nature of flamenco dancing, on the other hand, is satisfied by an extremely limited space; an entire flamenco dance can be danced in a space no larger than a table top.
I am at this moment experiencing euphoria so I can vouch for the fact that this is happening. As soon as I finish this article, I’m going to do one that extracts from some of the things that Saul has said in the past months because they as well refer to this transition, attunement or clearing.
Seriously. With absolute certainty, what do you know? Put aside all opinions, beliefs and theories for a moment and address this one straight question: What do you know for sure? Or, as Thoreau put it:
When we arrive at the dairy farm, the girls hop over the side of the truck and run around saying hello to the calves; even an escapee adds to their adventure. We watch as the cows head back out to pasture and then make our way over to fill up our container with fresh milk. The girls do what children do; make a mess, fight over who holds the funnel and who pours, before they race back to the truck for the homeward adventure.
Bleeding into one another
At some point, most adoptive families do bring their children back to China. (Good Housekeeping magazine, January 2012)I haven't seen an example yet in the New Yorker, but it sure looks as if certain NYT and WSJ editors think bring sounds normal in these contexts. I'm not there yet myself, but since I'm no longer a working editor, I don't plan to lose any sleep over the question.
find a bruise, a scab, a place
I practically jumped outta my seat as she whispered in my ear and touched my arm!
I knew what was ahead as I passed Wilson Park and the grade of the trail started to build. The hill was no worse than what I run up all the time in training, but I could tell pretty quickly that my conservatively estimated (healthy) finishing time of 2:15 was not going to happen this day, even though I was still on pace for that. Long before I got to the summit on Maple street, I was already taking walk breaks to cover one nostril at a time and blast 30-degree cones of thick, yellow snot on the sides of the race course. Starting the second loop down Garland, I found myself shuffling along unable to recover my breath from the climb onto Maple rather than flying down as I had done the first time. Doing some quick math, I figured out I would need dig down and find something for the last four miles or I would not even beat my Winslow time. There was still a bit of hill left so I kicked it and didn't let off until I was back at Wilson park looking up the hill. Then I kicked it up the hill!
The wonderful and wacky things that make us who we are don’t change when we pursue various interests in our life. While I consider myself a very social person, I don’t like having people around me when I’m working. And I’ve had sensitive ears since I was a small child, so voluntarily putting things in my ear canals…yeah, not so much. And the whole time crunch. No one has lots of time – we make time for the things that matter.
This may end up being a very long post, but I have coupons and discount codes and other goodies to tell you about, so please bear with me :)
And, friends, if the Lord of the universe can command the sea to sink into rest, then my little racing heart, surely He can bring into a great calm and perfect peacefulness.
APRIL Min Temp 6.0 degrees High Temp 28.4 rainfall 17.8mm over 4 days
coordinating knit or t-shirts
“A man would rather be trampled by elephants on fire than tell you he’s just not that into you.”
Come now forth, dear One, and receive the blessings of your own mind, awaiting like jewels on the Nile, and glistening as does your smile.
Take note that the plan requires helicopters to take off to the south and maximize distance from Brooklyn Bridge Park and not fly over Brooklyn.
The only routine in my new plan is that I get my butt in gear doing some cardio every other day. On the off days I try to do some strength training by lifting weights and stretching (or just carrying colossal loads of laundry up and down the stairs).
I also thought this was a little short-sighted:
Satan—Jehovah—fifteen rounds. A draw. –Norman Mailer
974. Pasta with Sautéed Tomato, Zucchini, Bell Peppers, Onion, & Garlic @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 7:22 p.m.
covered at 350 degrees for 1 hour, uncovered at 450
10-28-2011
Proxy Detailing:
The second photo was a stitched panorama of 10 frames taken right after sunset. Not much luck with colors really. I don’t like adding colors in Photoshop it’s too fake for me.
Grandpa Pig’s vegetable patch – loads of raw vegetable and dips – a big hit with the Mums!
"It is focusing on only two pillars of broad-based black economic empowerment (BEE): enterprise development and skills transfer. The core is ownership," he pointed out.
Besides writing the occasional blog post, I haven’t been spending too much time online, (except for prying on other people’s lives on Facebook, but that doesn’t count, does it?)
Historically it has been said that the Bible is the most sold book of all time. It is regularly on various best seller lists.
As I gasp for breath I can't help but think that my two-fingered salute was taken by the coppers as some personal, negative sign on the presence of their authority!
We contacted Teresa Seaton, owner of Wordwide Tax, a company that specialises in both SA and British taxation, to find out whether all South Africans abroad need to declare their income.
Still single.
I think of Sylvia writing in her journal about going to a Ph.D in psychology, becoming a psychologist. Louise Bourgeois filling out an application to study art history in New York, to be a high school arts teacher.
We were so lucky with the weather - nothing I like more than wandering around in the warm spring sunshine.
And sadly I haven't been back for a WHILE.
I have to say I was a bit sceptical about the whole vampire thing at first, visions of Buffy and countless other 'camp vamps' sprang to mind. But True Blood has adopted a really cool angle... It's set in the fictional town of Bon Temps in Louisiana, where two years ago, thanks to the invention of synthetic blood (called 'Tru Blood' which is sold in all the local bars and convenience stores and comes in delicious 'A', 'B', 'AB' and 'O' flavours!), vampires 'came out of the coffin' and are now trying to integrate in the community alongside the living residents! Some locals have welcomed the vampires, whilst others are very hostile, and want to rid the town of their newly acquired neighbours.
While I was working on my craft, taking writing classes and writing a couple practice novels, I taught English as Second Language to immigrants in Los Angeles. This experience informed a lot of the book because they’d share their funny observations about America and I’d see it from their eyes. They also told me their sad stories of being mistreated in America. When I decided I wanted to write a book about modern-day slavery and trafficking, I traveled to Moldova to interview girls and women in the villages and the capital city because Moldova has one of the most serious trafficking problems. I also talked to anti-trafficking nonprofits in Moldova and America.
Jesus holds all things together. I know sometimes it may seem that life is out of control. But it is not. Jesus is literally and spiritually holding all things together. If He can hold the universe together, He can sustain you.
Our little Charlie has gone from a precious 11 pound puppy, to a feisty 30 pound dog! He has been quite the handful, but we love him anyway! He has been going through a chewing stage the past couple of weeks (which is odd because he never did this while he was teething.) Yesterday, he chewed up his brand new, expensive harness after wearing it only once, and chewed up my beloved Ray Ban sunglasses...I may or may not have lost my mind and sat in the floor and cried. He is currently (willingly) taking a nap in his crate with the door open, so I can finally get some stuff done! Hoping things start to get better with this silly boy! Isn't he so darn cute?!?
I write this not because I want to put our “stuff” out there… but simply to show that, as in all relationships, we are human and we have to communicate to work through our stuff. Every one will lose focus of their priorities at one time or another. I think it happens more now than ever, simply with the advent of the internet (particularly FB!). I was headed down a path of anger and resentment that could have done some serious damage. I was strong enough in myself to say that what I thought was the right fix was not working for me (this is not a familiar action to me). I mustered up courage to tell my husband that very thing, and to tell him that I had completely misunderstood him in my defensiveness. I experienced growth, in that I realized I don’t need to be defensive with my life-partner. I simply need to communicate what I need, and hear what he needs. I need to really LISTEN.
so, I’ve decided to try it – DUMP THE SYSTEM, UNPLUG from it ! at least reducing its tremendous pressure just a bit – even that much would be a huge relief I guess.
Today was such a day. Immediately after entering the building, I asked a young man if he could speak with me for a moment. I issued him a huge challenge. I asked him to add another one hour meeting to his week, to commit to reading 25 chapters of scripture each week and then to meeting with me for a time of prayer, discussion of what we'd read and then a series of heavy accountability questions. He immediately said "Yes."
I promised the Lord that
Seven: Lastly, all white rooms. White is elegant, luxurious and sophisticated. It bespeaks contemporary, yet comfortable and clean. Folks who wear white characterize that they do not earn a living by getting dirt under their nails. They do so with their brains and skills. Our homes speak the same language. White tells all who enter that this home is not used for ‘rough housing’ (as my mother used to admonish) or to be treated with disregard. We are proper, refined, sophisticated and house-broken. Use with care and use with joy. But be aware, white stays truly white for about 15 minutes. Then life invades. Would I use white? Yes. I do. White, leather kitchen chairs. Beautiful. But, I am also the lawful ‘chair police’ at and after every meal. Caveat emptor.
2) How will I get around while there?
Sarra learned at a very young age that she had a passion for wildlife. She was fortunate to have parents that fostered her interest. Home schooled until the fifth grade, she always designed her science assignments so she could get her hands dirty. At age 8, she was given the opportunity to go to Alaska with her grandmother because she was just dying to see a big, Alaska-size, run of Pacific salmon.
I had thought of telling all this to you personally. But then I am always better with pen and paper. So I resorted to this option yet again.
"Only bad witches are ugly..."
11 - Jukin' City 03:00
Just being the mark of weakness
It was while I was prison that I first became acquainted with the ACES Study. ACES is an acronym for adverse childhood experiences study. Adverse childhood experiences are, simply, put traumatic experience which occurred before the age of 18. What I learned was among my fellow female inmates, nearly 100% of these women had an ACES score of over 6, with 10 being the highest possible score. Statistics on women in prison who have suffered childhood abuse and trauma are generally quoted at being of 60% to 90%. I tend to believe the 90%. Since women in prison are almost always there for drug and alcohol related crimes, what does this tell us? It tell me that these women, myself included, we not born flawed, nor defective, nor are we merely addictive personalities. We are women who have been hurt, and hurt again, and then hurt some more, and we coped with that pain the best way we knew how, as faulty and personally destructive as was that coping mechanism. Of course, when we are drinking or drugging, we are a perfect candidate for an abuser looking for an easy target to prey on, and the cycle continues, and gets worse.
Organization is important. Look at the application -- is it laid out in a logical way? Do they ask for information that seems pertinent? Are their regulations and guidelines easy to understand ... and do they make sense? Some applications include a map of the venue -- does the layout make sense? Do they have adequate parking -- for vendors and for customers?
She takes your hand and leads you
My 12:15 class got the same lecture about not being in class if they didn't want to learn. By the end of class three boys were standing in the hallway. They tried to disrupt class, but thankfully the rest of the students were engaged in the lesson, at least until the last 10 minutes of class. At that point they started talking and wouldn't settle down. Apparently they weren't attentive for the teacher after me either and it was decided that they would lose both breaks tomorrow. I'll probably help cover some of that time and have them review for their test.
So what can I leave till tomorrow, so I can write today??? Well, there’s that ABBA posting . . .
My wife Tracy really enjoyed Prototype 17. Perhaps if Molson Coors want to sell more beer to women, they should try making something like this. Then again their accountants won't let them.
When I get a chance, I'll post photos of the things I dyed and/or laundered yesterday. Whew--it's a photo-posting binge over here~~
The church has always had a challenge of being in the world but not of the world. When the pendulum makes its wide swings, we are left dealing with the drastic consequences. Right now, our Christian culture is heavily on the extreme of being ‘not of the world’. On Thursday, I pointed out the history of how Christian schools formed in the United States by abandoning the public school system. This allowed for secularists to gain positions on the board and influence the direction of the schools. Furthermore, when the schools started scheduling their board meetings on Wednesday night, instead of changing their mid-week service to remain involved in their community, churches just abandoned the public school system. We’ve removed the light from the dark places where our children are most influenced, and as a result, we have given over the education of a generation to the world.
Aroma – 4.5/5
Is a crochet carpet made by my Grand Mother (the other one), I don't know if you notice from the photo, but it's made with thread!!! soooooo tiny!!!!
See you again soon for our next challenge! Have a great day!
FACTOID: This is the first film that director Len Wiseman and his wife Kate Beckinsale have worked on together that wasn’t Underworld related.
my body feels like I have been beaten with a bat
I owe this blog a post on all of my pregnancy observations and other things I don't want to forget. But now, alas, work is calling. *Sigh*
Enjoy the colors if nature in spring.
Theist: I marvel that you could believe such a thing. Okay so what made them “decide” to walk upright? I mean there had to be some motivation, some order of sorts to suddenly cause them to walk upright. It is incredible and totally unbelievable that these wild men wannabes stopped hunching around and lifted themselves up. I would never laugh at your beliefs but give me a break here.
This album is the indie pop equivalent of comfort food. There is something familiar, warm and inviting about all of the tracks. Is All The Rest going to blow you away with songs the like of which you've never heard before? No, it is not. However, sometimes you just need to sink your teeth into the tried and true.
And now at least every other day I sit down and read all the posts of the blogs that I am following.
Anyone know the number of the Dust Avoidance Protection Program? Like the Witness Protection program, except you are escaping dust bunnies?
In retrospect, building the gingerdome this way was more like building with cob than with earthbags. And like cob, which needs to dry between building sessions, I should have baked a few "courses" at a time, just enough to give it some solidity before adding more.
In her heart, as it broke at the unfairness of a situation beyond all control....
Again it is difficult not to get the impression that some of the so called apostolic ministries have taken upon themselves the role of disbursing apostleship because of the status and political power it might afford them. One has to wonder what kind of ‘apostle’ one would turn out to be having received legitimacy from these sources. A false apostle maybe?
*”Taking the backward step” into the pure potential of the present moment
I didn't have my laptop with me for these holidays because I wanted to spend some time with my family, without any distractions, that's why there's only been one mani on the blog in these past weeks.
~Curry:
But it’s the third option he’s pushing, that’s for sure. I have a hanging plant on the railing outside of our slider. On the hook of the planter, in addition to the hanging flower pot, I hung a decorative bird house. (It’s got a decal on it, and it’s made of metal, but it was one dollar at a nursing home rummage sale.) I’ve just watched him manuever a too-wide-for-the-opening twig for several minutes before he figured out how to turn it the other way, with help from his good lady coaching from the sidelines. (It reminds me of myself, giving directions to the men trying to get the mattress in the house and up the stairs.)
$23.8 Billion: Amount Government Expects To Lose On Bailouts Of Auto Industry.(The Detroit News, 1/30/12)
How has the e-version of the novel fared?
The Produce Marketing Association found very similar results in 2010 assessing the cost per serving of produce from 13,000 stores. Their data indicated that, nationally, the average retail price was just under 50 cents per cup.
I have four copies of" Little Angels Animals; God Loves All His Creatures" and four copies of "Little Angels ABCs: God's Love Goes from A To Z".
Many of you may remember Part 1 of this post. We turned down our original referral due to additional special needs that we found out about after we received our LOA. Here is the rest of the story.
the dogs run ahead to chase something
“It’s krumpin!”
What is so funny to me is how when I first noticed these two guys as being intelligent, their physical looks changed from regular guys to sexy guys almost immediately. Or, maybe it was their hats.
When I started hearing about the iPad and all of the applications for learning and special needs, I knew he needed one. He loves grabbing cell phones away from anyone within reach. He likes the way the screen lights up, and his fingertips can make it DO things (although some of the accidental calls haven't been convenient).
Liverpool 0
The sun has set now,
“I am here to help,” said Casbolt. “Sorry to say it,” he told me, “I was sent to get them, not save your life. But always good to kill two birdies with one stone, eh, yank?”
Like so many of you, I approached this weekend with a mixture of anticipation and trepidation. Would I be remembered in a positive way? Would I be remembered at all? What if those I was closest to don't show, who will I talk to? I came right up to the doors of Skyline Friday night, and almost turned around and walked away. What lay beyond those doors, that was of any value to me? My life, as I hope is the case with all of you, has been far more interesting and far more fulfilling in the last twenty years of my life, than in the first eighteen. But I took a deep breath, and walked in, and I'll always be grateful that I did.
news is that Jim, the patient you saved, hung himself in the
"The vessel shell and the bottom hemispherical head were made from plates to which the stainless steel cladding had been roll bonded. These were the thickest clad plates ever roll bonded in the United States."
Bet it was. – Lenore
* * * Somebody said it takes about six weeks to get back to normal after
He was good looking, tall, with dark hair and with an accent I couldn't place. He wore black glasses with a gold detail at the temples. I wondered why he was up and about so early.
Hope you enjoyed these!
Wounds.
Oh...& yeah. The pie crust? Had to sport that familiar 'S' shield for the birthday boy.
The plot of The Guard is spiced up with the arrival of FBI agent Don Cheadle, who is black, allowing for streams of non-PC comment from the local cop – which we are never totally sure is real or tongue-in-cheek.
BEST ACTRESS IN AN UNSUCCESSFUL FILM
11-Lord Creator-Feel The Rhythm
Sorry about that. Probably a little too much information.
Now, with all the starts being kicked recently I am getting slightly mildly suspicious when someone promises me a cool game in exchange for investment/preorder whatever. And seriously, I preordered SotS2 and it was so bad. But Endless Space intrigues me. It’s reasonably cheap, $27 for the most expensive version. It also has a neat sort of alpha/beta participation system, where when you buy the game you get Games2Gether Points. Which sound really silly! But it’s not a bad idea, it’s a distinct developer-mediated methodology for getting fan input. Sometimes you want a wild font of ideas on a forum, it can be great. But sometimes a half-dozen people saying you should “allow people to enter the game like the matrix so that we can play like if it was the matrix” and you just want to take a reading on something more concrete. The examples up at the moment are competing logos for a faction design, and competing designs for a certain type of pirate ship. And I mean, why not? You’re guaranteed to nail down a few little features that don’t actually matter, and it creates an atmosphere of participation for fans who let’s face it are not always the most brilliant design mavens.
A couple years ago I shaved off all my facial hair at the request of my wife, who had never ever seen me without it. I told her it was NOT going to be pretty... she took one look at me & laughed; needless to say I will never shave it off again. I looked like a middle aged Charlie Brown. But she also thinks that I bear a slight resemblance to Andrew Zimmern, host of "Bizarre Foods" on Travel Channel.
I picked a cheerful yellow and blue color scheme for my card and used a pair of patterned papers from an October Afternoon paper pad for the two panels on the cardfront. The striped panel is wrapped with a matching yellow grosgrain ribbon, tied in a knot.
Desmond wonders if Hugo believed her and he says yeah, he kinda did. Desmond whispers to Hugo to go with his gut and try to find out where she thought she knew him from before he gives up on her. Hugo is lost in thought. The clerk calls out "42. Order 42." That's Desmond's order number!
- New friends in Pittsburgh.
Right - today's quiz is a single crossword-puzzle clue (2 down) - 3 points for the correct answer:
Based in Little Rock, Arkansas, Tobi established her interior design firm more than a decade ago. In September of 2008, she launched her blog which helped catapult her career. Just one year later, Tobi was selected by Traditional Home Magazine as one of the Top 20 Young Designers in America.
Historians think that it was an altar on which the Incas used to sacrifice llamas. Professor Bingham believed that it may have been used as a mortuary slab on which the dead were laid out in the sun to dry, before mummification. Just above this rock, he found a cemetery containing a large number of skeletons.
An old man stands watching on three legs … the Matara bus ran into his house …
I used the Chomas Creations adjustable pen holder for the Silhouette Cameo with the green metallic mini gel pen to draw the berry sweet sentiment, which was a download from Silhouette Studio. I then colored it in with the Copic markers. While the mini gel pen didn't bleed, I think I used the wrong paper for this one as the Copics did bleed a bit! Whooops!
I have a friend who missed a crazy amount (lots, I mean LOTS) of school due to very poor oral hygiene that likely led to weakened immune system that likely led to illness. Unfortunately I do not feel confident that his oral hygiene is a priority at home, so I made it a priority at school. With 17 of his friends.
Cake taster (this would work but I don’t see this advertised much)
Naw...Unfortunately I was at home watching I all happen LIVE on my computer. If you aren't a hardcore Potter fan then may not have known that, Dan, Rupert, Bonnie, James, Oliver, Tom, and Matt where there....(AKA: Harry, Ron, Ginny, Fred, George, Draco, and Neville). Here is how it all went down...
Trondheim
Lisa empty's a bag into the newly cut grass. I pick up and closely inspect the shreds of fine grass and then let them fall from my hand.
*He has a sweeter-ass car than me.
I used the same fern stencil but use the gold metallic embossing paste with a coat of Stampendous Halo Glitter sprinkled over the surface. I think this would be a fantastic combination for a Christmas card!
On these Publix trips, I fill my cart with baking ingredients because I know that without me home, neither one of my parents nor my brother indulges his or her sweet tooth. Because of this, I take it upon myself to make up for lost time and get straight to baking. This time, I had to cater specifically to my dad's taste buds because he was the birthday boy. I had found a recipe for madeleines on Big Girls Small Kitchen over the summer but wasn't able to bake them since I did not have the proper baking tray. This time, however, I thought ahead and ordered a mini madeleine baking tray from Amazon.
The Toyota GT86 is available to order now for July delivery.
I is for indifference. I am trying to be indifferent to the ignorant folks around me.
Money was going missing, bills were late, I needed more money.
I DON’T GIVE A SHIT YOU TWO FUCKING SUCK NONE OF THESE RELATIONSHIPS ARE BELIEVABLE YOUR PERSONALITIES ARE AWFUL THE CHILDHOOD FRIEND BIT WAS PULLED STRAIGHT OUT OF YOUR ARSE THERE IS NO CHEMISTRY THERE IS NO CONNECTION THERE IS NO GOOD WRITING
Just a few random thoughts:
Deandre Cole (Thompson) is back, and his guests are Bill O’Reilly, SI Cover model Kate Upton, and as always, Lindsay Buckingham. Standard formula, except both Lindsay and Kate don’t really get to say anything. They mostly kept Deandre’s songs short this week, which I thought actually helped the sketch out while not hurting the crazy element. Props to Jay Pharaoh for getting tons of time this week – I thought he did a fine job tonight. Here, he pops in as Geoffrey Canada, the school reformer featured in Waiting for Superman.
In 1973 the Driskill held a “Grand Re-opening.” Then-Governor Dolph Briscoe was invited, as was every living ex-Governor, as well as the descendants of all the men who had been Governor since the hotel originally opened in 1886. The only gubernatorial family unable to attend was that of Oscar Branch Colquitt, which was a shame, because we all know how those Colquitts love to party.
We just tried it once before, it hurt, but just looking at your flushed face now and how you are shifting on your chair .. was enough for me to realize that you loved feeling my cock in this little tiny hole of yours.
So where was I? Oh yeah, motivation. I like a reason to do things. A goal. And the government is helping me out with that. They have this awesome site where you can log your exercise and it moves you across the TransAmerica trail mile by mile. Are you a walker? A runner? A cycler? Just type up your miles and away you go across the country! They even have a new picture for each entry - your very own scenic view down the trail. And, you can set weekly goals & have the website remind you if you haven't met them.
Her reaction was one of polite disinterest, followed by mentioning that she has a friend who makes quilted table runners. There was no comprehension of how much work was required, and she wasn't at all curious about the techniques employed. She didn't recognize the person portrayed (understandable, since that area is only about half stitched), although she did comment on the eyes following her. There was no comprehension that the piece falls under the category of fine art rather than that of utilitarian, decorative objects. Fine art probably isn't even a milieu she's aware of. Her frame of reference is entirely focussed on bed quilts, and a stitched portrait just doesn't have anywhere to fit in.
I’ll give you my insight, my thoughts on it all
now my parents and priya's parents were in delhi for a tour, and as expected my mom messaged adin at around 10pm.." has that brother of yours come back home? call him and ask him not to stay out with his frenz all night".
Mistake!
Talib Kweli - 36
(3) Best TV Show of 2010: “Carlos”, courtesy of the Sundance Channel, will hold you spellbound. Edgar Ramirez is memorable as Carlos the Jackal.
The Foundry/McCoys - 4pm - Maibock Release Party: Eight bucks will get you a commemorative 20 oz beer mug, full of beer! Also, enjoy a mini 3 course beer dinner at the Beer Kitchen every night of American Craft Week for just $38.
Democrats, did you beg to change your misvote.
I try to cheer myself up by thinking how I'll be in Australia for 2 weeks; and those 2 weeks will go by fast because I'm having fun. But I worry that won't happen. I worry I won't have fun because I'll be too sad.
Hooray for going to awesome author events and finally meeting Tahereh Mafi and Veronica Rossi! That’s right. I went to their Into the Future Book Tour stop in Miami last weekend!! (Thank you to St. Martin’s Griffin, Little Brown Books for Young Readers, Tor Teen, Bloomsbury Children’s Books, Saundra Mitchell and Sarah Nicolas for the items I received this week.) Also a correction: Where I mention the “Changeling” series by Kristin Cashore, I really meant the Graceling series. Oops.
OneCry.com has a workbook that can be downloaded onto your computer and then printed out called “Draw A Circle” that outlines the idea of revival and prayer.
Since 1994 Congress has worked in a bi-partisan fashion to protect victims of domestic violence and sexual assault by enacting the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) and then reauthorizing it two more times. In creating VAWA, Congress recognized that abusers were using immigration status as a tool of abuse and sought to protect immigrant victims of violence by creating self-petitions and the U Visa category. Those vital goals are now in jeopardy in Congress.
Mel Blanc as Barney Rubble/Dino
Since you protect your tweets, you need to either approve or deny this request. You can do this by visiting http://twitter.com/friend_requests. For more information or help, please visit our help article
Beautiful day – sunny. The trail was good – not too steep, easy to find. Great views. What can go wrong? Well, by the time we got to about 70% of the way the difficulties started to show up – going down, after all, is not as easy as it seems, especially if we are talking about Grand Canyon size down. The trail was so long that at some point your calf muscles start giving out, especially if they weren’t used much. If the muscles are not used the knees would give out, which is much worse. People started to disperse by their physical abilities and tolerance to pain. Most of my the group went ahead and I stayed back with Rita. We were making about the same progress as a quite large family staying at the Ranch. Their plan was to celebrate the Dad’s 50th birthday there. But there was still time – sun didn’t set yet. It was getting a bit cold already. Rienk and others went ahead to secure a good campsite. Rita and I were still stumbling down (well, Rita was stumbling, I was just there as the leader to make sure no one is left behind). Eventually we’ve made to to the Bright Angel Campground.
The trip also confirmed something else: Austin is indeed home. As much as I enjoyed (and probably needed) the excursion, it was exciting as we got closer to the ranch. This is where I belong.
Schindler's List (Christina Smith, Matthew Mungle, Judith A. Cory)
This set complements the original set extremely well. I don't mind that all of these figures are conversions of the ones found in the original set. By giving them shotguns instead of pistols their profiles have changed enough to make them seem like original figures. They are well-sculpted and not too big. On the whole, they will work okay if you add them to cop figures from other companies. For example, Hasslefree's Ken, with his choice of pistol or shotgun, would make for a great companion to either or both of the two Foundry street cop sets.
So you better not be lying
The author of the letter to the Hebrews (whom we assume to be St. Paul), in urging us to enter into “The Father’s Rest” (that is, His Perfect will for us), reveals more explicitly the important role the Word of God plays in coming to such a discernment when he tells us that .. “Indeed, the word of God is living and active, sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing until it divides soul from spirit, joints from marrow; it is able to judge the thoughts and intentions of the heart. (Heb. 4:12)
SnoreRx pillow liners are infused with a therapeutic blend of pure and natural essential oils. SnoreRx patented pillow liners are the secret to the SnoreRx system. Because of our unique delivery system for natural essential oils, you need not worry about making an oily mess or come into contact with oils at all, making SnoreRx the only user friendly and natural remedy to relieve your snoring symptoms.
Good Morning! Here we are with a new week and a new challenge!
No! No! I do not want a car wash. I do not want a drink. I do not like them Sam I Am. What I want is a stick of frickin’ dynamite to stick up your pump! My kids are waiting for me. The sitter’s gonna flunk biology!!
“What’s the news?”
“Officer. Hi. I have a sleeping kid in the car, so please can you aim your light away from the car? I don’t want her to wake up.” The officer complied, only after using the microphone attached near his shoulder to relay John’s license plate number to a dispatcher.
“How can you be so bad?!” asked Bantum as he strode with Dr. Chickenhiemer back to the fire near the entrance of the cave.
I guess what I’m saying is that our back yard is now really fucking awesome. We managed to take a largely forgotten space (also featuring some of the most hellacious weeds on the planet), and turn it into a really nice, extra living space that will be great for us, for our future dog, and for future residents if we decide to leave.
This is why the recent announcements of the EDL that they are going to get involved in politics, with some reports saying they are even going to form a political wing to stand against the BNP in order to demonstrate their 'anti-racist credentials' to the media (who frankly dont give a shit - the idea the EDL or any political party or groups are going to be treated fairly by a media that is incapable of telling the truth is frankly evidence of their utter stupidity and gullability) is a sign the organisation is in crisis.
What an amazing beach day.
and looking forward to two full weeks with our students before spring break!
And frankly, all that easy eating was a blessed relief from arguing about food at the family table (“Sure you can have another pizza—why not? we’re on holiday!”), but I think there will be a few bumps in the road as we re-acclimatize to our vegetable (rather than carbohydrate) -based diet.
So that's what I'm working on. Davin Malasarn is finishing up revisions to his Cyberlama novel. Michelle Davidson-Argyle is working on a new one that sounds very cool. She just sent a MS to her publisher for something that'll come out next year, and she's got a novel that comes out any day now that you can pre-order already. She can tell you more about that if she wants. That's not the point, though it could be.
~ Beat egg yolks with sugar then add in vanilla mixture and follow with oil and flour. Set aside.
I just read a news report that stated the original film of Zimmerman when he arrived at the police station was digitized by the FBI to allow a clearer video. The digitized video shows damage to the back of Zimmerman's head. Otherwise, my suspicion that the media has subverted justice and caused irreparable harm is no longer a suspicion.
Until the power went out today. And for some reason my cell phone decided to stop working. Suddenly, it was like being back in time. No computer? No cell phone? Whaaaaat?????
4th of April 2012
I walked there from my office, got a little lost at the end (it's not all descending numbers and avenues down there) and arrived a little breathless. He was behind the counter selling. When he isn't drawing or inking he's selling and he finished a sale and was busy with a couple who weren't sure about something. That's when I've heard it in his voice, as I've heard it in my brothers' voices.
Or the aching of this life
Stop listening to all those lust songs.
Hope you have enjoyed todays tag. Please stop by and leave a message anytime.
To the sane folks who watched he was a corporate-crony bum
Who felt like she was going insane because of this new roller coaster of emotions that she was experiencing? This sister.
- She has known all her body parts for well over a year now.
Well, I am saying goodbye to those risky digging days. Because our drawers are now fab. I look for reasons to go into them now, vs. running and hiding under my bed.
I am deeply blessed and honored by the people who have chosen to follow my blog. It is humbling to hear the first hand stories from my close friends of whom I have inspired. I am grateful for Lars who encouraged me to blog; to Cheryl, who helped me discover my story; and to my new blogging friend Peggy, who always seems to have words of love, compassion and encouragement.
Sometimes you will walk around in the world, whistling, enjoying your day, and you will be approached by someone who could only be described as, “bat sh*t crazy”. When this occurs, it’s best not to engage. Just talk to the person the way you would if someone was talking to you in a foreign language you didn’t understand. Basically, this means a lot of miming, gesturing, feigning the idea that you’re TRYING to understand, while at the same time trying to get the hell out of the situation as fast as possible. This person is more than likely either completely high or completely mentally unstable. Never engage them physically, unless of course they somehow get you or one of your family members in a chokehold, then hit. Hit fast and run hard. There is no cowardice in this – you will most likely never see this a-hole again. For she or he will be placed in a home.
This year they published a report that purports to show that "global warming evidence is unmistakable"
Helena
He proposes an outrageous plan--for every day she survives with his family on their annual camping and four-wheeling trip, Keri can ask one question. Keri agrees; she's worked too hard to walk away from her career.But the chemistry between them is still as potent as the bug spray, Joe's sister is out to avenge his broken heart and Keri hasn't ridden an ATV since she was ten. Who knew a little blackmail, a whole lot of family and some sizzling romantic interludes could make Keri reconsider the old dream of Keri & Joe 2gether 4ever.
On the crux of her jaw
Brendan was off school again today so he took charge of the opening!
30) FEAR – The Ventures
Chop the spinach, onions, parsley and dill finely. Afterwards put this mix on the opened dough layers and roll it .Cut it in small parts afterwards. Cover them with the egg white and put black cumin seeds above. Cook in oven previously heated in180 C until they are ready.
For around $15, you can get the map with 142 Breweries and Brewpubs marked on it. On the back of the map is a tasting guide, a list of homebrew shops, an approximate time travel chart, a list of state parks and other helpful charts. This map would be great for not only the traveler to Colorado, but also a resident.
The UCSI lecturer also said the supplementary roll for the last quarter of 2011 did not contain the usual information about the number of voters added or subtracted due to death or enrolment in security forces.
78. Hey Bartender -- Floyd Dixon/The Blues Brothers
As the week went on, I would only pull things from the bucket that I needed, telling me it was an item I needed on a weekly or daily basis. I would gradually add things as the week went on. It turns out I didn’t need very much of what I had pulled out. My only putting a few things back, I really simplified my life!
I find this entire line of attack the President is taking with his manufactured war on women to be highly offensive. I don’t care if they only admit men — it’s their club and they can operate it as they wish. Stop treating women like pawns who can’t take care of themselves. A lot of us do not even agree with you! The thuggish tactics and Left engineered boycotts we’re seeing are nauseating.
One day I devised myself a plan
You'll have to excuse me. Because I spent the entire day at an HR seminar listening to this lady with amazingly awesome hair talk about things like FMLA and reasonable accommodation and exempt versus non-exempt employees. It was thrilling.
New SYN 3® Formula Keeps Your Oil Fresher Longer
There was a band in the middle. A very good one, actually. The Ron Titter Band was chutzpah incarnate. Imagine a mixture of Elvis and the Stooges and the New York Dolls (what other component am I missing here?) performed by a set of fellows who mostly look like Dell tech support lads. My, but looks can be deceiving!
Panel Breakdowns
Ah-huh.
You may leave now, if that sounds too dreary for you to bother with, I won't be offended!
Referring to Mr Livingstone’s election slogan, Mr Cleverly said: ‘The only person “better off with Ken” is Ken. At a time when he was increasing council tax by 152 per cent he was happily abusing the London taxpayer.’
“It’s ridiculous,” said Msgr. Allard, a Woonsocket native. “I think that there are many serious issues in the country. This is a distraction.”
So I drag its annoying protesting upside down carcass out of the laundry room and down the hall. I am in NO mood for this.
I have been known to write a bit of myself. My book Touched by Mercy deals with some thing that happened in my past. When the female character is a klutz that's usually because of me. But I have four sisters and three sons and of course my hubby to draw from too.
Leave a comment.
Yes, you are going to lose money to fraud during a time when Kenya is burning and people are being hacked to death with machetes. And yes, you are going to see the money you do send achieve little (the dreaded ‘inefficiency’ problem). I point this out because this is was the narrative guiding organizations’ decisions on how to intervene. Instead, we should be looking at crises from the community’s point of view, from the aid servant’s point of view. Frankly, all of these concerns (fraud, efficiency, mission drift, risk mitigation, and aid worker safety) are all about the aid organization itself, and NOT about the people.
Precedents exist for rebuilding cathedral
“Why do you think someone would want to cut these symbols off a person?” Sé asked.
I don’t mind it so much as I had to start my career all over again also. I had published 14 books since 2002 with my old publisher, Dorchester, who went out of business. Its a horrible and depressing story and I’ve put it behind me and as I said, I started all over again.
To promote Blunderbuss, White performed "Love Interruption" and "Sixteen Saltines" on a March 3, 2012 episode of Saturday Night Live, with two different backing bands, one all-male and the other all-female.
This weeks' challenge is SPARKLE AND SHINE.
Here a question meets us: for it is not this or that man, or thou or I that come in question,—for if I have asked any thing of God and receive it not, any person may easily say of me, “He hath not charity: “and of any man soever of this present time, this may easily be said; and let any think what he will, a man of man:—not we, but those come more in question, those men of whom it is on all hands known that they were saints when they wrote, and that they are now with God. Where is the man that hath charity, if Paul and it not, who said, “Our mouth is open unto you, O ye Corinthians, our heart is enlarged; ye are not straitened in us:” 2 Cor 6:11-12; 2 Cor 12:15 who said,” I will myself be spent for your souls:” and so great grace was in him, that it was manifested that he had charity. And yet we find that he asked and did not receive. What say we, brethren? It is a question: look attentively to God: it is a great question, this also. Just as, where it was said of sin, “He that is born of God sinneth not:” we found this sin to be the violating of charity, and that this was the thing strictly intended in that place: so too we ask now what it is that he would say. For if thou look but to the words, it seems plain: if thou take the examples into the account, it is obscure. Than the words here nothing can be plainer. “And whatsoever we ask, we shall receive of Him, because we keep His commandments, and do those things that are pleasing in His sight.” “Whatsoever we ask,” saith he, “we shall receive of Him.” He hath put us sorely to straits. In the other place also he would put us to straits, if he meant all sin: but then we found room to expound it in this, that he meant it of a certain sin, not of all sin; howbeit o[ a sin which “whosoever is born of God committeth not:” and we found that this same sin is none other than the violation of charity. We have also a manifest example from the Gospel, when the Lord saith, “If I had not come, they had not had sin.” Jn 15:22 How? Were the Jews innocent when He came to them, because He so speaks? Then if He had not come, would they have had no sin? Then did the Physician’s presence make one sick, not take away the fever? What madman even would say this? He came not but to cure and heal the sick. Therefore when He said, “If I had not come, they had not had sin,” what would He have to be understood, but a certain sin in particular? For there was a sin which the Jews would not have had. What sin? That they believed not on Him, that when he had come they despised Him. As then He there said “sin,” and it does not follow that we are to understand all sin, but a certain sin: so here also not all sin, lest it be contrary to that place where he saith, “If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us:” 1 John 1:8 but a certain sin in particular, that is, the violation of charity. But in this place he hath bound us more tightly: “If we shall ask,” he hath said, “if our heart accuse us not, and tell us in answer, in the sight of God, that true love is in us;” “Whatsoever we ask, we shall receive of Him.”
10 oz dark chocolate chips
"Bread and Roses! Bread and Roses!"
During the process I poked through a lot of upstream SCMs. In the way I found out a trivial change was done in PECL’s SVN two years ago for all the extensions located there, which got me suspicious regarding some extensions we have. For non PECL hosted extensions, I had to track if and when a fix was done and use it for building or do a trivial fix myself. Packages using the 3.0 (quilt) source format were extremely easy to fix, and I was quite happy it generally went fast.
Leon says "the embassy has no accurate estimation of the number of Boer descendants, simply because, according to our records, none of them are South African citizens. However, during my visit to Comodoro Rivadavia last November, I met about 35 Boer families and was told by them that the community numbered 'several hundred'."
Time for the recap. A most interesting competition this week. I don't think I've ever had so many deleted comments. Nor did I understand that time or the passage thereof seems to bother some folks. Being of the belief that you can stop it. Going with the flow seems to be the best way to deal with time's passage. Maintain oneself as best you can and enjoy the ride. Ok enough of all that, let's get on with it.
The Book was a magic book. It could bring someone into its world and wrap the story around the person. And The Book saw the interest that The Boy gave, it was flattered because The Boy liked The Book without knowing it was magic. So it took The Boy into its magical world, and it enjoyed having The Boy in its own magical world because he was so appreciative. The Book and The Boy became friends, they truly enjoyed each other’s company. The Book told The Boy that he was special, that the it did not just display its magic to anyone. It became a little secret between The Book and The Boy, The Boy sneaking off to the library at odd timings just so he could enter the magic of The Book, just so he could sit with The Book and spend time listening to all the wonderful things The Book could tell him.
With the possible exception of those human encounters that Fritz Peris calls “intimacy,” all human communications have deeply embedded and profound hidden agendas. Most of the conversation at the top can be assumed to be bullshit of one variety or another.
Felt that there wasnt any earl grey taste? The lemon taste was definitely very strong (which I liked! Love lemon :D) and perhaps overpowered the subtle earl grey taste? Really good lemon frosting! Thick, creamy and sour (but not overly so). The cupcake tasted the same as the one used in the black sesame
Any link to the tea-party should be along the our single issue as well as preserving our national traditions. But to extend this further and to forge ties between the two groups would be too constraining for such a diverse movement as the EDL.
(L-R)
This year, when they went to the fair, Morris said, "Esther, I'm 85 years old. If I don't ride that helicopter, I might never get another chance." To which Esther replied, "Morris, that helicoper ride is fifty dollars, and fifty dollars is fifty dollars."
Now onto this weeks challenge which is a THEME and the theme is.....
Gehry continued, "That's what we're doing, one building after another along the avenue, with a ground floor that's culturally..." .
But the topic of recipes and meals with grandmothers is what I want to talk about.
It’s annoying, because everyone loves duck sauce and wants to slather it over everything.
Nothing I have ever known - has made me feel this way
Nomination 2: Dogfish Head
Fixed Income
The first episode of Assange’s show is going to air today. He has chosen RT, an English-language international satellite news channel, headquartered in Russia. The programme will also be broadcast on other national channels.
But when push came to shove it was my Financing that fell through. Since I have no current utility bills, and I do not have a signed lease contract between my landlord and myself, my credit rating is not as good as it was when I had those things going for me. final approval was going to take some time, and it looked like the best thing to do was withdraw the offer. Too many caveats.
racial equality and that was a good thing
We had a fight today. It pisses me off that whenever we fight he makes such low blows. It's like he makes every effort he possibly can to make me feel as hurt as possible. Now, I get that he does this because I've hurt him and he's retaliating for whatever reason, but seriously? Things would never escalate as much as they do if he would just learn to control his obnoxious insults.
In December of 1940, the “frequency hopping” device developed by Lamarr and Antheil was submitted to the national inventors council, a semi-military inventors’ association. Lamarr and Antheil went on to file for a patent application for the “Secret Communication System,” June 10, 1941. The patent was granted by the United States patent office on august 11, 1942.
But recently, I just become friend with the person that came up with the name.
Promise?
Thanks a lot green beer!!
The sentiment was stamped on a scrap and I cut the ends with my Paper Snips. I used 2 Stampin' Dimensionals in the middle and a glue dot on each end to give it dimension. The sentiment is from a long ago retired set.
Dear Chong,
short. Although the commentary track featuring Manning, Franklin, Hayman, and director Christopher Barry is a nice one (particularly the contributions from Damaris – the woman’s a hoot), it’s a massive oversight and shame that Barry Letts and Nicholas Courtney weren’t secured for participation. I know for a fact this was Letts’ favorite story, because he told me as much when, upon meeting him back in the late ‘90s, I asked him what his favorite story was. Nicholas Courtney went so far as to call his autobiography Five Rounds Rapid!, after a piece of dialogue from the story – one
Doesn't that just sound amazing? I wish my school had had a program like that when I was in 4th grade (or ever!)! I think it's such a valuable experience for the kids to get that much hands-on learning from professionals in the field of writing and publishing, and to have the opportunity to create and display their own work. They come away from the experience feeling that writing and illustrating are possibilities, not just pipe dreams, and that has to be a boost to their creative spirits.
I was working all over Europe, here there and everywhere. New roads, new challenges. I was offered a job with a company that were based in France. If I’d have taken that… who knows where I’d be right now. The good thing about that job was the possibilities of working further into Europe. I found driving so much easier over there. Coming back into the UK was always a bit like walking into a brick wall. The roads here were often chock-a-block with traffic, straight away, as soon as you left Dover, hold ups. Accidents that closed roads for days. Snow that brings this country to its knees.
We really do have way more than we deserve and so much to be thankful for. I thought about making a list of the things I am thankful for but I am not sure there is enough room on this blog. My cup runneth over and my heart is so full. We are truly blessed. We may not always have the best days and things may not always be easy but I am so happy with our little life, our growing family and the fact that God has entrusted us with all of these blessings and for that I thank Him everyday.
The urbanisme's involvement got more tricky - they sent a PV to Mr A asking him to stop all works, submit a regularization permit or put the works right.
02. Modja 5:18 Jun Fukamachi
~ kirsty vittetoe
In addition, thirty of us artists banded together to offer a fun promotion called Gifts from the heART. Pick up a postcard at the entrance to the building and carry it around with you. When you come across a participating studio, gather a heart sticker. When you leave Western Avenue, drop your be-stickered card off in the box outside the loading dock on the second floor of the A Mill to be entered into a drawing!
Generosity
Isn't paint great?!
On which note ...
Summer is a-coming in,
Then I need to ........... okay. I'll stop thinking aloud.
In an attempt to expand my literary horizons, I'm reading this Erotica book. Some collection of "the best" erotic stories. I'm not sure a story about a girl who likes to masturbate against steel road signs is erotic to me. Nor is the one about the chick who lives in a cage waiting for a new master to collar her and take her home. How about the girl who can only get off to extreme pain and dies at the hands of some lunatic she paid to shoot her with steel arrows. Takes all kinds doesn't it?
The walk is actually beautiful. I suggest on your first time, take it easy, read the signs along the way, look at the lovely flora and rainforest like landscape that surrounds you. Set your own pace, allow lots of time, and enjoy this beautiful region.
...and how you dress them! It seems many people are very insecure about putting outfits together, especially when they're trying to do a particular style such as lolita. Therefore I thought it might be nice to do a series of posts on putting outfits or coordinates together. I'm going to focus on dressing in the lolita style and vintage style since I think those styles go together well, and I happen to like those styles. That doesn't mean this series can't be useful if you aren't interested in those styles. I'll be going over some principles of art and design that anyone can gleam inspiration from. Hopefully, those new to the styles will gain some confidence, and those old pros of the styles will discover some new tricks. Today we'll start off with the golden rule. So click the jump so we can get this party started.
After all, Sean Morton has his own gravitational pull. Really? Have you ever seen things in orbit around his planetary body?
Well, we’ve all seen the news stories.
Oil - 2 teaspoons
to couple with giants
And all at once we’ll run,
Now guys, I know that (insert favorite porn star) doesn’t require any foreplay, but you need to remember that porn = fantasy. You’re grown and married now, and this is your real-life wife. It’s going to take more than the click of a mouse to get her ready. I’m sure that it was a lot easier in college, but how much foreplay can you really do on the twin bed in your dorm room?
Praise God with no agenda. See what happens!
The winds were light and variable most of the night and the early reports had most of the fleet stalled at Porlier Pass with adverse currents. Toward morning, the wind filled in from the east and we had a great spinnaker reach along Valdes and Gabriola Islands. We jibed at Entrance Island and we could see Nanaimo and the finish. But wait! The wind took this opportunity to go away and we set for several hours between Gabriola and Protection Islands. About 0830, I gave up the struggle and went down for a nap and within minutes, the wind filled in for the other crew and we sailed across the finish line Saturday morning at about 0930. Some of our competition tried sailing through Dodd Narrows and were stuck. As a result, we moved above the bottom of the standings. Leg 10 and the Van Isle 360 was over for 2011.
Here's a likely scenario.
Needless to say, the monster in the episode is disguised as a busty school teacher who isn't shy about flaunting her cleavage. Oh, and she kills her victims with blades that pop out of her chest.
Donner und Blitzen! Could this be... a Fourth Cat? The muzzle certainly looks different, though this sentence is written by someone who for fifteen years shared her life with a tabby-and-white, and is thus probably more sensitive to variations in the markings of this type of moggy. But a simple yet classic cat-related moment has somehow now escalated into a case of MULTICAT which eerily echoes the central mystery that kicks off the film: who was the third man helping to carry Harry Lime's body across the street after his accident? Who are the second, third and fourth cats? How many of them belong to Anna Schmidt? Are they related? Do they all like Harry Lime? And isn't it just typical of cats, that they should want to cuddle up to this man whose cynical, mercenary actions have destroyed lives and left small children crippled?
in someway, someone
Does ‘job search depression’ really exist?
Then again it takes dedication, hard work and patience. I write the best songs when I’m ready to share my own emotions and experiences. the real thing always beats anything else.
The lucky girl is Cheryl Lea :-) Congratulations ! :-) Please email us with your choice of stamp sets and your address and we will forward them to Kim :-)
- How we manage to do that? And why?
Revel like a true Irishman (or woman!) at a dinner filled with dancing, singing and general merriment. A variety of authentic dishes are served in a unique and evocative setting throughout the evening.
A. You have to choose the cells for which you want the content to be read out loud.
“Don’t touch anything yet.” The man whispered.
At first, Pluto was calculated to have a mass 7 times larger than the Earth. Over time, though, this was amended, and it turned out the new planet was a bit smaller. A lot smaller, in fact. In 1978, Pluto was found to have a moon, which allowed a precise determination of its mass...Pluto was found to be about 5 times less massive than our Moon. But, hey, it's a planet, who are we to argue?
I couldn’t see everything so I walked around the house to find a better view. There were two windows on the first side of the house. The first was a window for the kitchen. It was a mess since pots and pans were everywhere. The next window was a bedroom. It was trashed too except for the bed, which had a woman passed out across it. She looked like a typical prostitute. Short skirt and a tube top. I knocked on the window. She stirred and sat up. I knocked again and she turned around and saw me, I smiled. She got up and stumbled toward the window. She stared at me then opened it.
Pinterest is my new obsession. It's a personal online bulletin board where you can "pin" pictures of things you like or want to try or remember. It's A.W.E.S.O.M.E. I could spend a LOT of free time on there...assuming I had a lot of free time.
Man: Is this 555-5555?
He cited as an example a 269.9 acre plot of land at BDC which was directly alienated to Monarda Sdn Bhd, a company owned by Taib’s sons and other family members.
06. Miles From Here (set free remix by DORNTEC)
What? They would all laugh about it in the end. Oh Dad, he was such a kidder……
2-24-2012
Millionaire 5 pm -5:30 pm
Stephen Hawking has. Hawking compares the human being to a computer. And he thinks that the fate of an obsolete, unwanted computer is that which is shared by Man. “There is no heaven or afterlife for broken-down computers,” Hawking says, “That is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark.” There is no need to create a God to explain Creation, Hawking says. In an interview with the Guardian UK, Hawking claims that “science” governs the universe and it was by “chance” that we find ourselves here. Hawking is quick to point out that this is no proof for god’s non-existence, but it does open up the question of whether Hawking is just taking “science” and “chance” and making these concepts as placeholders for “God,” thus committing the same offense he accuses the religionists? Of course, atheists are not going to recognize that their non-belief in God is as theological as any Sunday-going-church-person. They like to believe that they are ‘anti-religion.” Hawking once told Television host Diane Sawyer that religious philosophy has not kept up with science, and the science “will win” because “it works.”
I understand what you’re saying, but, don’t you think that as music consumers we ought to know what we are buying? I mean, doesn’t sales + publicity + fan base measure popularity? So that means, as a consumer, I’ll know what most people are listening to by referring to a traditional top ten list. Doesn’t that have significant value to me as a consumer?
Magic is magic even when you know how it happens!
I'm going to get better
If you’d like to embark on some other loosely ship related cruising some other places you could sail by are:
I've gone an altered a Fruitsations box (there were a ton of fruit flavored gummies in this box at one time) lol....& I've turned it into a donation box for our Village Green Playstructure fund. Where we go to raise awareness about the Playstructure and the need to have a new one at our local park, this box comes too!
- Adaptable - AGREED
PLUS, it doesnt have any of the fake stuff found in long-keep store bought & packaged stock. Plus…. its nearly FREE!
At the earliest convenience, Pitso’s head will be on the block for a poor job done. Really? The love for success at national level and our contribution to that are way parallel. Mosimane was quoted saying, “We need to look at how serious we all are about preparing Bafana for the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations tournament that we are hosting, as well as the 2014 Fifa World Cup qualifiers that start in June.” Knowing what we know, that is a long shot call and all I can do is wish him luck for both the cooperation he desires and keeping his job.
It has come to my attention that some police departments are in the preliminary stages of deploying drones domestically.
Oh, and seeing as the coolshite review isn't really the place for it, I'd just like to mention that Robert Downey Jr is crazy hot in that film. Ca-raaazy hot. Just sayin.
Sleep habits: Still peeing every hour on the hour, but my sleep has been very peaceful, and I’m able to go back to sleep easily most nights. The nights where my mind starts racing, I turn on Golden Girls and am able to fall back asleep rather quickly. That show always makes me feel at peace.
Nally was already under home confinement for having guns as a convicted criminal. Police said they pulled weapons from Nally’s home back in June. In April 2010, he was convicted of domestic battery.
Anyway I thought I'd make a nice cuppa and share with you my latest creation - which was a decorated candle - a housewarming gift for my inlaws.
It couldn’t see this because it was stuck in the mud. It didn’t know how lucky it was.
I immediately checked out this very helpful laminate painting tutorial from Natty by Design and went out to get some Zinsser primer. An extremely helpful salesperson at Home Hardware (I need to shop there more) recommended Zinsser's oil-based, odorless primer and after a good sanding with some 80-grit sandpaper, it worked like a charm. Once the primer was dry (another bonus - it dried in less than an hour), I went over it lightly with 220-grit sandpaper and followed that with two thin coats of my black paint (I used a foam brush for the edges and a small foam roller for the rest).
Byrd wasn’t a “fleeting member” of the Ku Klux Klan any more than Kobe Bryant is a “fleeting member” of the Los Angeles Lakers. Former Exalted Cyclops and Kleagle Byrd wrote:
On second thought...
Maybe not a lot of people would look at that collection up there and think 'wow, how sci-fi!' but to me it's very evocative of a futuristic race. Maybe I just watch too much Ancient Aliens. Aside from the stuff up there I've also go a lot of of silver and gold, geometric shapes, luminous stones and facets to make sparklies so the sci-fi is emphasised to others. I'm trying to add as much natural/organic element as possible so there's also carved wood, raw crystals, rusty metals and general reclaimed grungy bits. Where would we be without grungy bits?
On the surface, if I can begin with an appropriately aquatic metaphor, The People of the Sea is a work of non-fiction; a journal kept by one man recording his experiences travelling through Ireland and the farthest islands of Scotland, but unlike Heinrich Böll’s Irish Journal, a book which has also quite rightly been reprinted many times, David Thomson’s interest in talking to the locals, the crofters, fishermen and travellers, was not to produce some kind of tourist guide but to document for posterity the stories that have been passed down orally from generation to generation, specifically those concerning the selkies, ‘selkie’ being the word for ‘seal’ in the Orcadian dialect. Thomson was not a naturalist or even a conservationist; that was not where his interest stemmed. At the time of writing The People of the Sea he was employed by the BBC as a writer and producer of radio documentaries, a post he held between 1943 and1969. The writing of the book might have been facilitated by the fact that many of the programmes he worked on were to do with natural history but his personal fascination with seals dates back to the time when, aged eleven, he sustained an eye injury playing rugby which nearly blinded him and unable to continue his schooling in London he was packed off to Tigh na Rosen, the home of his maternal grandmother, in Nairn, an ancient fishing port and market town close to Inverness in Scotland; this would have been circa 1925 but it was not his first trip there; that would have been when he was five along accompanied by his parents and sisters.
6. Panties: Not the best thing on earth, but next to the best thing on earth.
The last and longest government shutdown in American history was when Democrat Bill Clinton was President and Newt Gingrich was the Speaker of the Republican Congress in November 1995 and in December 1995 through to January 1996. The clash over the 1996 budget caused a government shutdown for six days in the first shutdown and for 21 days during the second shutdown. High partisanship affected the budget negotiation process resulting in the shutdown. According to Charles Tien writing on continuing resolutions in Robert E. Dewhirst, John David Rausch Encyclopedia of the United States Congress, “The government has shut down (partially) a total of 11 times since 1980; the fiscal year 1996 budget battle included two lengthy shutdowns. To avoid or end a government shutdown, the president or Congress must pass either the regular appropriation bill or a continuing resolution.” (149)
So, it’s been a while since my last post. I’d like to say it was because I was writing so much, but that would be a lie. Most of my time has been spent reading vegan websites and on weight loss forums. The good news is that I have been cooking a lot of plant-based, whole foods and have lost about 5 pounds. The bad news is that I didn’t write the 30k I was supposed to this month. But I’m okay with that, because I did learn a lot in the past few days.
It is a Cajun dish that is better the second and third warm-up. There’s nothing tricky about it. Everything about it is simple and made with stuff you don’t have to go to one of those snooty gourmet stores to get.
If diversity isn’t forced, then you describe the diversity we are forced to accept?
Unless you plan to use artificial lighting, your existing light conditions may be the biggest factor in what houseplant you choose. Each window in your home provides different light levels, whether facing north, south, east or west. Curtains and blinds alter incoming light. Flowering plants and those with colored leaves usually need higher light levels than plants with green leaves.
My card of the day, today, is a simple little card I made with a super cute set of Stamps from BoBunny. When I saw this set at my local scrapbook store I just had to pick it up.
Whatever it is, I love it!
Instead of the increasingly harsh warnings we’ve been hearing from Washington in recent weeks against a preemptive Israeli strike, we are now being overwhelmed with reassurance. In fact that has been the pattern in Obama’s relationship to Israel all along: first abuse, then flowers.
on the studio's possibilities for sound-sculpting.
List Price: $14.99
· Installation of Integrated Security System at all 202 identified stations to be
Damsel In’Distress
um.... HOTT! and i said to you, "maybe you could try this again sometime"...
At the end of the meal, Obama and Biden were each presented with a lead crystal bowl. The other guests were all given a souvenir vase (or 'vaize' as it was described.) All that was missing was the thank-you to the Secretary's wife Wilma for the lovely flower arrangements and a request that members give the Treasurer their money for the forthcoming trip to a cheese factory.
As they took their first steps together, she felt like a little girl running out to a set of swings on the playground with a little boy by her side, free to romp and play. They ran in slow motion as if to not allow the beauty of this moment of freedom escape the moment too quickly. As they moved, she returned to the door, and before she could even bend down to look through the keyhole, she heard footsteps. The door opened. Her adult self did not seem to recognize her. She wanted to say, "Don't you see that I am the child you once were?" The music seemed to end too soon, she had been so deep in thought.
the stolen space
- Not have had to work 9 hours straight but some how still get paid.
~ Ben
Out For Justice was just a crap movie and not in the fun way either. Seagal is supposed to be playing a cop, but you might not be able to ever tell. In the first scene he’s throwing this guy around as if the judge and jury had already found him guilty. In fact, he threw the guy through a car windshield without any care and the guy dies and then Seagal’s name appears on screen as if to say that was badass or something. It felt more like he accidentally killed the guy and thought to himself, “Oops” and moved on.
In a large mixing bowl, combine the oats, chopped nuts and brown sugar mixture. Stir until completely mixed. Spread the granola over the two cookie sheets and bake for 45 to 60 minutes or until golden and crunchy.
St. Aimo
More vile than assassins and lower than thieves,
Do you know any tea-drinking cats (or non-tea-drinking cats) who want to be poster children for The Black Cat Tea Room? Please send us their particulars such as the name of your kitty, gender, age, and anything else fun we ought to know -- such as their favorie tea; and a JPEG image (we can edit it for size, no worries); and how you would like the credit to be written... Looking forward to seeing pretty kitty faces in the pipeline real soon. No money will change hands, this is for fame and glory only =^..^=
"He sustained some injuries and he was taken to hospital, leaving behind the truck with the load."
Weight: 104.8kg
To sum up: Ted and Robin still aren’t on great terms and Barney’s still uncomfortable with Quinn being a stripper. I have to say, I’m kind of bored with both these storylines already. So, even if it was a bit cliché, I’m glad we’re at least getting a dramatic birth story to spice up the season finale. And then, of course, there’s the little matter of who the bride is. Why are they making us wait two weeks again?
The basic principal here in case you aren't up to speed is you're eating goose liver. A giant, FAT, goose liver.
This method is what Mario Batali suggests as a pizza process in his book Molto Gusto (I've referenced the book here before, you should totally get it - gorgeous recipes, most of them vegetarian, but some meat too, totally terrific! and great photos, one for every recipe, which is awesome).
What is so heartbreaking is her young sense of knowing that because she is forced to expend all her energy on mindless work she will lose access to her inside room.
* heart palpitations, heart pounding while at rest
Use our goodness and nourishment in the Name of missionary
Every time I tell someone about this, they either say "Wow!" or cry (well, that's the grandmas mostly). But honestly, I am relieved and optimistic, because we have a plan that I am comfortable with and a doctor I feel comfortable with. We just happen to have to travel to Boston for it. I actually wish they would call tomorrow and say they have a cancellation this Friday and want us to hop on a plane. I just want to get this going so it will be over faster. There is light at the end of the tunnell now.
Even if it had been 8%, if that was the extent of the modern non-British invasion of Britain many of us would be considerably less concerned than we are.
It's amazing to think of where people started - I wonder if someday this blog will be my "start"?
- CB6 meeting tonight (Wednesday) about the EPA's Superfund Site investigation and sewer overflows into the Gowanus Canal. Carroll Gardens Patch
Genre: strategy, WORLD, DOMINATION!
Once upon a time, our beverages were sweetened with sugar (from sugar cane); now everything is sweetened with corn syrup.
5) Students write their names on a secret card that I staple in front of the writing. Thsi way the moms can peek to see if they guessed correctly.
Neary carries on about the book's widespread appeal -- which somehow circles right back to white people:
5. Fish sticks
3. When I was a little girl, I wanted to be a boy. Why? Partially because they were always going on cool campouts for Scouts. But, mostly it was because they got to buzz their hair in the summer, and I thought that was so cool. My mom would never let me buzz my hair. :(
I have said it before and will say it again. I simply adore this series. Every now and then I need a lighthearted mystery that doesn’t take itself too seriously. This series is perfect for that.
And that day has come…
And waited for the call that my glasses were in.
Hmm... guess who almost forgot (or did forget, rather) to do another monthly favourites post? I only remembered after I logged onto Youtube and saw all the videos for it.... sigh... I'm really really slacking.. I'm so sorry -- thank you to those who have stuck it out with me and have been so patient!~
The gospel Paul preached, according to Galatians 1:11-12 was “not after man. For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.” Had he followed the advice of others, as for example the twelve apostles, he would have preached the law as they did. He would have preached the earthly kingdom as they did. He would have preached the coming King as they did.
P - Purple & Pearls
“As one of the most successful breeding pairs in Europe, Gladys and Elmer certainly demonstrate the collaborative efforts between zoos, as their offspring have moved to zoos throughout the world, including London Zoo, Amsterdam Zoo, Beauval Zoo (in France), Denver Zoo and Nuremberg Zoo (in Germany).”
for custom state or country requests, please email me! (there will be a small fee of $5 per state/country)
On the side hanging on a ribbon a key from Tim Holtz
Though had I known this was how my Tuesday night was going to end, I would have bought a pair of shoes or three on my way home. Just saying.
Rosenblum, Naomi (1984) A World History of Photography, New York: Abbeville Press, pp. 194-196.
His leads. Not that we used them. Ned was a dog who always came when called. Always. And he walked to heel.. See the dog just waiting outside the newsagents? No lead? Not tied? That was Ned. The leads are binned.
‘What ends up happening when we lose linguistic diversity is we lose a bunch of small groups with traditional economics.
In honor of Miss P., who will always be O My Great Lady to me... the following tribute is my offering today. I hope you enjoy it. And if you had Miss P., you'll know exactly what I mean.
The country and the Filipino people are trapped between a disgraceful and perilous struggle of two conceited evils— the Socialist-Communist proletarian movement, which is prepared intellectually, and the Fascist-Elite movement, which is backed by gold and goons. However, the most dangerous situation of all is not that one of these two clashing movements is winning, but the fact that the country lacks intellectual leadership, which should guide the people in their decisions.
Dr Lets Pretorius from Boerevryheid then cites some statistics of the “New South Africa”, or the “Rainbow Nation” as it is often referred to.
So unfortunately, like some of the other “greatest” of all time, her body and soul are now gone. We won’t have those pictures of a gracefully aging Whitney. What we will have are images of the youthful, beautiful smile that was the gate to that amazing voice. I think eventually we’ll learn to appreciate that. The same way we appreciate the many like, Tammi Terrell, Tupac, Minnie Ripperton, Aaliyah, Lisa “Left Eye” Lopes and many others who died to young.
So ya Dead Island
I've had my moments of gripe over having to share my living space with others, but I cannot deny that each individual that I've shared a dorm/apartment/house with has taught me more about myself and how to interract with other people in this world than anyone else ever could. I appreciate each and every one of them for the lessons they have taught me. I'm going to miss ( in theory) living with someone else.
of water, you are not going to have a problem spiritually or
Maria notes that state law allows minors to skirt that approval through a confidential judicial hearing, saying, “I know it sounds crazy . . . this really can be done and young women do this all the time here in Massachusetts.”
Towards the end of the video the singer tributes yet another legend, this time Michael Jackson as she emerges from a dark alley, sporting white gloves, which can be seen as her impression of MJ in the “Billie Jean” video.
Ordinary Decent Criminal (movie soundtrack) 2000 Written and performed by Damon Albarn and others.
I am seeing that the purpose of picking up the toys may not be about getting the house clean but it may be about making me a better worker. Perhaps it is better to cook whatever I eat because the work of it will make me stronger and healthier than doing the easy thing or eating out or picking up fast food.
Give yourself that spring feeling, both inside and out!
For the last time in movies the Marx Brothers were four: in Duck Soup there’s the last Zeppo’s appearance.
Since I don’t know me, I don’t know how I would answer this question. But I know just how Jesus would respond. Consider the following.
Emily held her brother’s hand, staring at Bob and not answering him. She was still wearing her clothes from last night, her long ponytails messed up from sleeping. Reese’s hair was messed up too, Reese wearing a blanket he had brought from upstairs around his shoulders like a cape.
“As a person puts on new garments, giving up old ones, similarly, the soul accepts new material bodies, giving up the old and useless ones.” (Bg. 2.22)
3 incidents of wrinkle-inducing frustration from driving. At least. I’m sure.
And whether or not it was within their rights to do both, it doesn’t change the fact that their actions still appear questionable on a moral and ethical level (at the very least) and completely without class, and are going to appear to anyone with (A) sense and (B) any interest in this case in support of the family (and probably some who weren’t, or didn’t really care either way before) to have been exacted the way it was on purpose, and out of offense at perhaps feeling “under fire” right now.
Relationships have all been bad
We continue where we left off.
It was lovely to be able to do the stitching on those in-between some more summer backyard fun yesterday. We had a great time in the paddling clam. The water had been in all day warming up so I would have just about got in. BJ is a laugh. He isn't really a water boy & stands there wading with his shorts pulled up! So funny. This was DJ's first time in the pool like this so it was fun to see him enjoy it at least.
The different ends are even numbered to let you know which one to use first! Simply use the first color all over and then use the second on the crease of your eye lid and above the lashes! Here is what my eye looked like when I followed their simple tips and used the Smoky ShadowBlast!
A man who can make me laugh is halfway to winning my heart. But if Ashton’s boyish charms and antics aren’t your style, check out http://www.worldwidelovers.com for more!
It was Edale Country Day today, which means Edale fell race. At 5 miles and about 1300 feet of ascent it's my kind of race - quite steep and nice and short.
- Sometimes I think it would be good for me if I didn’t think so much about everything.
Stay tuned, sports fans!
“It left me poor: I am not doing Edinburgh this year and instead am releasing some YouTube sketches and selling my Malcolm Hardee Award on eBay.”
#3 To track & weigh my food 7 days a week. I logged my food & weighed it out 27 out of 31 days. Pretty darn good if you ask me!
4) Gender Disparity in the Clergy: Breaking the Stained Glass Ceiling Let us capitalize on this national moment of frustration and revelation and commit to concrete action in promoting women as religious thought leaders in our faiths, culture and society.
I watch acrobatic flights capture sunlight,
From: @CristianoStats
Zoltán Jeney is one of the many innovative composers affiliated with Budapest's New Music Studio, a highly versatile camp whose activities run the gamut from percussion pieces and chamber ensembles to various electro-acoustic excursions. Jeney's works are fascinating both for his ear for unusual instrument combinations and for his unorthodox methods of composing. Often he leaves the manner in which the composition unfolds somewhat open-ended, allowing the performers to progress as they see fit. The two side-long pieces that comprise this album exemplify Jeney's range of ideas and methods.
This covers Schertz Emergency AC Repair, Emergency Air Conditioning Service, 24 Hour Emergency AC Repairand Emergency Air Conditioning Service. We also go into Air Conditioning, AC, Repairservices. The result of our Service, 24 Hour 24 Hr options, you get excellent service.
More shipper questions. Sigh. I actually hate the idea of Emmett and Daphne together, though, because he loved her for forever and it wasn’t until Bay wanted him that Daphne decided she liked him. (At least, that’s how it seemed to me.) Too little, too late, Daphne.
SO please go to my new blog:
Apply Vibrant Retro Materials
I also purchased (yes, before today) several small books on Lent, Easter, and the Stations of the Cross that we can read during this time. We will be purchasing canned goods and donating them to our church's food pantry each week, and lighting purple candles at dinner.
There are no citations here, so we’re going to have to suspend our disbelief and take the authors word for it that they’re going to back it up eventually. To continue:
I found it about a month ago and have been obsessed ever since. I just love the simplicity in her words and her photos are SO beautiful! I had to go through and read every post.. it was that good!
Grow hair out
Betaling: Pin of cash
I had some gingham scraps laying around, both ribbon and paper, and those little beads...a jar filled with them that I used ages ago and never used again. Diecuts are Spellbinders, felt and stamp from PTI.
Yes, I went this past November, bracing the crowds at the mall around 4:30am. I did get great deals, enjoyed the excitement with fellow hardcore shoppers, and come back home to take a looong nap! As much fun as it was, I don't think I'll make it a yearly event!
And here is another that attempts to define the middle class that our politicians show contempt for : http://www.indianexpress.com/news/who-are-the-middle-class-in-india/438429/2
Natasha my granddaughter is nearly 11 years old already. She is beginning her eighth year of violin at the Suzuki school across the river from her house. She loves to perform and has participated in duets, chamber ensembles, orchestras and frequently plays on her own. This year she is learning Johannes Brahms Hungarian Dances, a modified version suitable for her age group and level of competence. The music was originally written in 1869.
Seems like a typical story of someone with talent working hard and getting screwed over financially by their company…
of some spring, the waters as cool and clear
Heavy rain reportedly battered northern England, northwestern Wales and western Scotland last night.
A day for mothers. Tall mothers, short mothers, dark-skinned mothers, fair-skinned mothers, funny mothers, serious mothers, mothers with blonde hair and dark hair, curly and straight. Mothers who are emotional and nurturing and mothers who are an Aurelian-brand of stoic.
Ok. Put this photo up there to show that sometimes I can draw, but not often. (Well, I also put it in there so you didn't get completely inundated with my self-centeredness and had something to look at.) Sigh...That is a piece I did copying one of Da Vinci's pieces. I used a red ink pen on paper that I stained with coffee . I also had to use a grid when I was drawing. Maybe that is why the drawing itself isn't too bad. But that feels like cheating.
will rise up against them."
Nature's Beauty
Kadow
we have no verbal map.
I sat there listening to the music and looking into the fire and thought, “I have to capture the essence of the fire in a clay sculpture. That is an impossible task, but as the theme song from “Man from La Mancha” says, “To dream the impossible dream…”
A while later they were watching TV and the weatherman announced a cold snap for that night. The wife asked her husband if he thought they should bring in their plants for the night.
When I was driving home from class on Sunday there was fog rising from the snow, which I was told was sublimation at work. It created some beautiful mysterious scenery. I wanted to capture it in felt since I had been watching others felt for two days. I am not happy with it but it is not fully dry yet, and at least I got my hands in the fibers and soapy water.
~ Pass the award along to 15 bloggers you love reading;
Here is a full schedule for Muse Fest:
I think Jews have little respect for comedians. Why would you need to make strangers laugh unless being a comic makes you a lot of money? And my playing to 100 students at £5 a head in Exeter isn’t exactly a money maker. “Jackie Mason,” a Jew might say “sells 900 seats at £40 a seat and he doesn’t have to pay an orchestra and no opening act…oy, that’s a racket to get into.”
Bardic in the Walled City
The Woman’s Handbook: Everything You Want to Say to Your Daughter, Sister, Niece, Friend in One Simple Book.
I made the precious boy a breastfeeding beanie and I was honored to see it on him in some gorgeous photos.
It was better! It was growing on me! And then the evening light hit…and it was a disaster all over again. I played the whole, I’ll get use to it (pleeease?) game some more and realized by about 8 p.m. that it wasn’t going to fly. And I looked at the cabinet side of our island and realized something really important – there was NO way on God’s (apple) green earth that I was going to be able to paint our lovely cabinets that color.
Me: “What everyone does! It’s natural! Didn’t you read the book?!?”
When I moved into my 20s I was into the entire 'natural' look which only meant I still wore mascara on the eyes and vaseline to shiny up my lips (yep, I said vaseline).
Please remember your local food pantries, soup kitchens and shelters this time of year.
Examining a Program to Prepare Teachers to Support K-12 Online Learning (MDCL 1008)
“For most of my life, I was like most people: I knew what Memorial Day stood for, but I didn’t really stop to think about what it truly meant. That changed after I went to Iraq in 2004 as a civil-affairs soldier with the Army Reserves. When you serve with people who don’t come home, Memorial Day means something different.
7) Corn Flour – 1 table spoon
Remember...Jonah I love you and your worthy of love!
At this point, I held my image at arm's length and squinted...was it dark enough in the shadows? Did it look right overall? This is the point of self-critiquing that we discuss in the Intermediate Certification classes. This is also the point when I would clean up any spots where I went outside the lines (look at the gray tail feathers and how I fixed the mistake).
Currently, similar crimial warrants have been issued for George Bush Sr. and Jr., Donald Rumsfeld, Tony Blair, Henry Kissinger, Bill Clinton and Dick Cheney; while officers of the World Court do not have jursidicton to enter the USA or Great Britain to apprehend these criminals, their travels in Europe and Southeast Asia are limited because they are subect to immediate detainment and extradiction to Belguim. (Kissinger and Rumsfeld have both signed orders to deploy O’Finioan with Corso as his case officer.)
First and foremost, I'm not trained in this sort of help. I don't even fully understand why I have a need to post this. I'm just led to. It comes easy for me and it feels right.
Jo Malone’s Wild Bluebell is definitely my most expensive fragrance, but for me it was a splurge that was worth it. Jo Malone has an extensive range and I would encourage anyone to at least wander into your nearest department store that carries Jo Malone (or a Jo Malone boutique if you are lucky enough to live in a location that has them) to sniff around.
Plus, I haven't done anything too mentally challenging all year. I had begun to feel a bit down on myself because I felt that I wasn't doing anything constructive. Mainly I felt like a loser. The past few days have revamped some pride in me that had been dwindling away for quite some time. I remembered that I enjoyed doing this. I remembered that I am good at this. 'This' pretty much encompasses all the studying and analyzing that I have done over the past four days. 'This' made me feel good about myself again. 'This' gave me new motivation to look towards the future instead of the now.
Dmitri is officially a reservist, stationed in New Jersey. We are looking for jobs right now and are blessed to have Dmitri's parents, who have been so hospitable. Hopefully we won't have to take advantage of them for much longer.
Don`t know why UAF bothers to turn up. It`s obvious we`re not who they claim we are. And they`re making themselves look stupid; repeating the same lies and propoganda bull. People will ask questions and make up their own minds. This must be really frustrating for those that would try and tell us what to think and what opinions too have. Still their good for a laugh I suppose.
for me over the years, or how many dresses she's made for
In a petition for certiorari filed in the Court of First Instance of Manila (Civil Case No. 33674) on September 11, 1957, Felipe Eco sought annulment of the proceeding, orders, and decisions rendered by the respondents Secretary of Agriculture & Natural Resources and Director of Forestry, claiming that the latter committed an abuse of discretion in suspending his certificate of Private Wood-land Registration No. 1329, covering a tract of land with an area of 700 hectares, 290 hectares of which were forestal, and the former, in dismissing petitioner’s appeal.
The Inerter predates Renaults TMD, which aimed to achieve the same effect. With the TMD a weight is suspended on spring to offset the same forces being fed into the chassis as the Inerter. Renault first raced the TMD in 2005, its discovery by Giorgio Piola around Monaco of that year; both forced a development race and an enquiry by the FIA. It was subsequently banned on what proved to be false grounds. The FIA citing a movable aerodynamic effect as the reason for its ban.
If you’ve ever had a bad experience with a neighbor, you know just how much those invisible people really know about you. Maybe they peer through the curtains every time you leave the house, or have a secret spy chain… who knows how they gather their ill-gotten knowledge? Fortunately, nosy neighbors aren’t all bad news – for the marketer anyway.
Here is a Lintastic sign. Lin is a popular name!
The above quotes show that a New World Order is a reality and that the world has changed forever.
So the planning begins for a location independent lifestyle.
Osterley Park is a mansion set in a large park of the same name. It is in the western suburbs of London. When the house was built it was surrounded by rural countryside. It was one of a group of large houses close to London which served as country retreats for wealthy families.
He couldn’t look away, though.
So, a reading nook has to take place in the Houston House. I told my dad about my ideas, and we brainstormed options for built ins to add on to the hubs' office/ our home library. I showed him images from Pottery Barn (just love how they decorate shelving):
You've also got some really clunky writing going on here: If the Romans she lives among for starters.
Vegas: The ups and downs of gambling are well recorded. You can go for hours losing your ass at the Pai Gow. You try to get your friends to go somewhere else. They refuse cause they like it there and are winning unlike you. You wander the streets alone trying not to be pissed. You make a random call: "The Mirage has always had good Kharma for craps". You stop at the craps table at the Mirage. The drunkest guy you've ever seen is rolling the dice. You plop your bet down. The dealer tells the drunk guy he better be rolling when he comes back. He is. At that very moment he can rip up his $5000 marker. In his celebration he takes out the cocktail waitress with 20 drinks (including yours). One beer remains standing. It's yours. You party with the guy cause you're back to even and you have beer. You call your friends to join you cause it's "kick ass". Life is good.
The 2011 National FFA Band also helped to entertain the crowd with an energizing variety of music ranging from Lynyrd Skynyrd’s, “Sweet Home Alabama” to Jerry Lee Lewis’ “Great Balls of Fire” just moments before members rushed into the Indiana Convention Center.
The story line is based on three main characters; Basil Hallward, Dorian Gray and Lord Henry Wotton. Basil is Dorian’s closest friend at the beginning who paints a portrait of him and has a sort of obsession with his beauty and perfection. Lord Henry- an arrogant self moralized individual cant wait to meet him but basil is afraid that he would corrupt him. And so he did we learn as the novel progresses. The moment Lord Henry meets Dorian, he somehow manages to change the naive young mans’ entire perspective and attitude towards life and people. He manages to persuade Dorian to sell his soul for eternal youth and beauty and thrive on pleasure without the conciseness of good and evil.Dorian distances himself from Basil who gave him the portrait as a gift and continues to be influenced by Lord Henry. A number of events contribute to Dorian’s downfall where he exhausts his advantages of eternal youth and beauty without any consequences. However, the consequences do somehow catch up with him as leaves ugly marks on his portrait where the reader soon assumed is his soul and conscious. He hides the portrait but after some serious events involving the death of some characters, he decides he wants to be good again and destroys the painting killing himself in the process. All that’s left is the former beautiful painting that was made at the start, with Dorian having paid the consequences.
I woke up this morning and Howard had left each child a surprise and love note on the table reminding them of their weekly Bible verse and for me. He left my Bible OPEN on the counter. When I sent him a text this morning about Isaac he replied, "Good thing the Lord had better things in store for our boy.". At first I threw the phone down. SERIOUSLY? I had sent him the message knowing that he too would feel the pang of grief and yet he gave glory to the Lord...I'll be honest...sometimes it annoys the daylights out of me that he never seems to allow himself to succumb to the human side of this grief thing, but I am also awfully thankful he doesn't always indulge me in it.
Then the book splits and tracks the impressive, two-month long manhunt. Despite being led by the King-hating J. Edgar Hoover, the FBI managed to marshal all of its resources (no CSI computers to track fingerprints–all done manually) to stalk the killer. Ray came within moments of escaping, and in a small irony, the murderer is finally arrested in Europe by an officer with the last name “Human.”
This photo needed a little reworking, the contrasts were a little flat at first and there was just too much blue throughout the image. The rest of the photos in this winter series can be seen on my Flickr stream.
I'd also like us to realize that you don’t have to have one career for the rest of your life. Changing your mind is OK. Learning completely new things is OK. Taking things slowly is OK. Gobbling things up is OK. Quitting is OK. Having the freedom to choose and the time to change is important. As a young person, it is good---it is empowering---to be trusted and respected.
Book Synopsis: Aspen Moore has a new life in a new city, complete with a new career. As a personal concierge, she sells her time to those who don’t have enough. One of the perks of her business is focusing on other people’s lives so she doesn’t have to face the demons in her own.
I am a recovering alcoholic. I have been sober over 8 years, and I love every day of my life now, which is some form of major miracle to my mind, both the sobriety and the sheer joy and happiness. I love who I am today, and I believe that I am finally the woman I was meant to be all of my life. That this has finally happened at the age of 52 carries with it certain sense of poignancy, though I try not to dwell on what life might have been like had I found myself sooner, or more to the point, never surrendered myself in the first place. However, I intellectually know that when trauma and sexual abuse happens to a person at the age of 4 or 5, that person is in no solid position to decide what they surrender or do not. This is especially true if there is no supportive adult to guide the child through, or someone to simply bother to acknowledge that it happened in the first place.
An outspoken British Liberal Democrat party peer who declared that Israel would not last forever resigned from her post as the party whip on Wednesday after rejecting a call from Nick Clegg to apologize.
“In OUR future, you wouldn’t look twice”.
Although the first season was filmed in Northern Ireland and Malta, Croatia and Spain were scouted as possible locations for scenes in season two although it has been confirmed that Northern Ireland will remain as the headquarters and the base of operations for filming. The casting call for extras able to live and work in NI has gone out so if you’re a strong, rough and tough male with long hair and a beard or a lady with long locks go for it! You don’t just have to be a pretty face either, those with skills in archery and sword-fighting, as a butchers, blacksmiths, farmhands and sailors are also wanted.
But research suggests there could be a simpler solution.
This race has been on my schedule since shortly after finishing the Rock N’ Roll Las Vegas Strip at Night marathon. After that debacle, I vowed to never race in a Rock N’ Roll Marathon series event again. Well a few short months later here I was signed up to run in the Country Music Marathon. One side note that might be considered funny, I hate country music and there was live country music along the entire course. The race was scheduled to occur on Saturday April 28. 2012 in Nashville, Tennessee and I flew into Chattanooga, TN, my hometown, on the Thursday before. I hadn’t been home since October so I was able to make dual purpose trip in order to see family as well as run 26.2.
So no recipes or food pictures. This is part of a botanical painting of a dried hornbeam branch with hanging leaves. Nothing to do with food – except that it’s the painting I sold and if I sell a lot more then perhaps we’ll all be going for slap up meals….
Talc
On a much happier note, I'll be back later today with some goodie photos.
Wow, what a story!
That charming man reads every last word I write, even though he is most likely bored stiff reading about my current paint color obsession or the latest thrift store lamp I purchased.
- Parsley sprigs to garnish (I forgot this bit)
Or when you find a random $5 bill in your old jeans pocket. (or better yet, when you fit your old jeans.)
and raised my chin............
I don't really emulate Baltimore style because I don't think much of it. It is preppy and boring and when taken to extremes can look just plain hideous:
Hanukkah is one small part of Judaism and hoping it can eclipse Christmas is setting one's self up for failure. But if you allow Judaism to have a bigger role in your life all the time, the Christmas season can seem to pale in comparison.
unconscious of nearly everything?
Mr Wuzster (Denny) is also off to the vet tomorrow - he has an ear infection in one ear, not that you would know to see him him running, jumping and playing. Mom noticed he seems to the want the one ear scratching all the time which made her looks and there is a gooey buildup in it. He is also on a de-stuffing roll today, so far we now have a de-stuffed moo cow and my favorite bunny!!!
And Michael Palin.
*squee*
Fill the peppers with the sausage-and-rice mixture. Top with the mozzarella slices. Bake in your preheated oven for 15-20 minutes, until cheese is melted and peppers are slightly tender. Enjoy!
After giving his instructions, Pete returned to the dining room to check on the six-person team on the edge of the woods.
Note your additional entries in your comment as well as giving me an email address or some way to contact you if you win. I will be drawing the winner on July 21 (taking next week off because it's my birthday!) when I bring you my second ever Guys Rock, Too! Interview, which will be with another of my writing heroes, Jon Skovron!
Manchester City are the third-highest payers in world sport according to a new survey. Their first-teamers, including Yaya Toure, rake in an average of just over £86,000 per week — or £4.5million per year. Only Barcelona and Real Madrid pay more.
In the other article I was questioning the fact that Sgt John Gordon (Gordito) was called in to “investigate” a Detention Officer by the name of John Gordon who was smuggling contraband into the jail via burritos. I think that it would be important to know whether these two men are related or not, for obvious reasons.
Photograph Taken: 07/11/2008
A source in Timbuktu previously said Stockly had originally been in the hands of a private militia that wanted to sell her to AQIM.
And so it is with the stones that we watch and learn and speak with the Mountain Lords and study the ways of Wind and Fire and Water that we might be warriors like the true Granite of old. Such is the way of Stone-kind. Now I sit here, an fat old stone and am slowly ground to dust by my old enemies the wind and the rain and have grown a nice burly head of moss and lichen. Even so, I am old, yes, but compared with you I have a very long life ahead of me, little creature-that-flits-like-lightning.”
MEA President Ben Dick said the agreement would have saved some jobs, but not all of them, which troubled the executive board.
This is the opening stanza:
A month ago, on Father's day, Ryan was spoiled. As usual.
On my note, I like few items highlighted in the budget:
And each and every time I've gone to Vegas and blown money gambling and on expensive dinners, it wasn't all that responsible of me, but I had a great time, so it didn't bother me too much.
Can't wait to hear more from them!
“I’m sorry,” Jessica said, reaching across the table to lay her hand on his. “If there’s anything I can do to help, just let me know.”
Are you alive, friend?
The brachial gland produces exudate with an allergen that is similar to the Fel d 1 cat allergen (Hagey et al., 2006; Krane et al., 2003). This brachial gland exudate shares a high degree of similarity in sequence, as well as unusual disulfide-bridged heterodimeric structure similar with Fel d 1. Fel d 1 is an allergen found mostly in saliva and the sebaceous glands (glands found inside the skin) of domestic cats, Felis catus. Humans with a cat allergy are allergic to five known allergen produced by domestic cats, Fel d 1 being one of them. However, the biological function of Fel d 1 is still currently unknown (Grönlund et al., 2010).
Luigi Calvi, 34, East Rutherford, N.J.
To assemble the arancini, wet your hands and take a quarter-cup of rice at a time and roll it into a ball. Poke a cube of mozzarella into each and patch with a little more risotto to cover if necessary.
I could post the lyrics, but hey, why make it too easy for you.
I want to pay tribute to the important work which the United Nations has done to advance our understanding of climate change, and in particular the risks of global warming. Dr. Tolba and Professor Obasi deserve our particular thanks for their far-sighted initiative in establishing the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
What do we say to those whom are brave?
We hope to see you next Saturday!
Why 500 people have nothing better to do than complain about an episode shown when all good kids should be in bed, and all nutters locked up, is beyond me.
It offers:
Walked again with the face so blue,
Lacey smoothed her hands along the tense muscles of Mason's back to his ass. She massaged his clenched cheeks as her lovers continued their sensual exploration. His cock inflated, spreading the inflamed tissue of her pussy further apart. Without breaking the contact of their ravenous mouths, Tyler reached behind him with one hand to rummage through her nightstand drawer. He must have stashed the rest of their toys there when he dropped off the pistol.
Telescope and crystal ball are ours,
361 days to go right? I’m just joking, so far I haven’t been tempted at all. Still, I’ve been using this time to reflect on the past couple years as my readers know and my relationship with J.A. continues to come back to mind. Being celibate I assume it will be much easier to remain faithful to someone who I love, it removes most of my temptation off the bat.
To begin, workshop participants will visit a series of flood-control dams and landslide remediation structures in the San Gabriel Mountains; we will move from there to explore remnant urban oil fields, camouflaged drilling rigs, the La Brea Tar Pits, and other spatial side-effects of the region’s fossil fuel industry; we will study Southern California’s seismological sensing infrastructure; we will visit designers and engineers at the Caltech Robotics Lab; we will walk the streets of a once-thriving neighborhood that collapsed into the sea long ago due to relentless coastal erosion; and we will discuss the city’s troubled history with water diversion schemes—including dry lakes and dust storms—through a sustained look at the role of water in California’s landscapes of agri-business.
“Sudan with its old borders will not accommodate us with the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement (SPLM) and one of us should leave,” the agency quoted al-Bashir as saying.
Luckily it was a gorgeous day for the guests at the wedding, but when the sun is so bright it sucks a bit for the person taking the photos because you tend to get a lot of squinty faces in the photos.
3. What is one thing you know you should throw away but probably never will?
These are just a few of the shots that I took while I was there and I will be posting the shots that Marcus took tomorrow.
Aside from the dreaded hair flipping, this was the best one he’s done…. still don’t like the falsetto, but he looked comfortable and sounded nice on the non-falsetto parts.
in Arlington, VA
Waves that flood emotions
The fact is, a tiny number of people control a huge amount of american resources. Poverty kills more people, even in america, than any other cause.
Sure, Emily has already started tasting Hollywood success, but The Adjustment Bureau with Matt Damon disappointed me a little, so it will be great to see if she can have more success alongside Cruise.
2 pears, cut up into chunks (unpeeled)
7 Their Memories 2:51
Police said they were written to people who weren't patients at Verrette's office for such controlled substances as oxycodone and hydrocodone.
Oct 10 - Sticky Fingers - Little Rock, AR
I felt that this movie was definitely inspired by Love Affair, a movie that I love. It is a very adult film, with none of the tensions or emotions smoothed over to make the fundamental realities easier to swallow: divorce is about irreconcilability and the breaking of vows. We were impressed by SRK’s performance in the film because his character is so gruff, bitter, and generally unlikeable. He’s not even a good father. It takes courage to play a part like that and he does a beautiful job with it. Abhishek also turns in a surprisingly serious performance and gets to be the most magnanimous character in the movie; he well deserved the Filmfare Best Supporting Actor role he received. The entire cast really is excellent. There are a couple of absolutely beautiful musical numbers and one with a stunning use of color. Yes, it is a long movie, but we felt it was worth it.
During this time, my dog ate my phone. My sweet husband replaced it with a new iPhone as a gift for our anniversary. I had no idea how to use this iPhone, but soon I was adding apps left and right, including a calorie counter app. (Hang in there...I'm going somewhere with this). After a day spent working around this pond, I searched "weeding". Did you know that 5 hours of weeding burns approximately 1532 calories?! And there you have it, a silver lining in my oozing, itchy, poison ivy cloud. : )
So not only is it a surprise to see them asleep in Braska’s bed together, but it’s so sweet to see Kinlee cuddling up to her sister to get that physical connection she seems to need for falling asleep.
this recipe also freezes well
Clientele: Most Thor customers were either coming in to grab a quick drink, or coming in to meet and chat with a friend. No one else was as foolish as I was to bring work in with them—again, the space really isn’t made for that.
So that gives you a little glimpse into my personal style and the types of projects I just love to get into. Of course, in ten years I'll probably look back at these and say, "What was I thinking!?!" but for now they make my happy.
The symptoms of celiac disease can be different from person to person. This is part of the reason why the diagnosis is not always made right away. For example, one person may have constipation, a second may have diarrhea, and a third may have no problem with stools.
So it was back to the Beer Hall for more Windermere Pale Ale and Cumbrian Five Hop. The bottle shop has shifted its emphasis away from Belgium slightly and now stocks some excellent English beers. I noticed Magic Rock, Summer Wine, Thornbridge, Dark Star and even Kernel represented. But NZPA is now available in bottle so that was my choice. Another excellent day at this superb brewery.
Linking to the following fabulous blog parties with great inspiration:
Pellon Fusible Fleece: 1/2 yard
Luby Ismail is another subversive who has been busy submitting the U.S. Air Force, officers at the Port Authority of New York/New Jersey (responsible for what was the World Trade Centers destroyed by Muslims), and many other organizations. All in the name of supposed tolerance and cultural diversity. One look at her organization’s website and it is clear there is one purpose for the group: promoting and advancing Islam.
Star Trek: First Contact is my favorite of TNG movies. Okay, that is not saying much. It is all downhill from here. But I will say this in spite of the risk of having pointy objects thrown at my head: if given a choice between watching The Wrath of Khan or First Contact again, I would choose the latter. So there is where I side on that debate.
And I had to share a little gift that Sylvia picked up for me at the Paris needlework show. Isn't it fun?
I suppose what brings this all to the top of that aging quagmire – my brain, is finding a fifty cent copy of March 1987 Amazing Tales at the used book store. Could that really be 25 years old? aieeee! In that issue was a fiftieth anniversary commemoration of Lovecraft’s death. Looking through it at Steve Fabian and George Barr’s art made me long for those days. The cover was spectacular.
23 boulevard Malesherbes
At the end of month 90 leaders from leader board will be able to get free DTH recharge.
So, here I am! Let’s get started…
MOM: It’s gonna come back up, big time. In the bedroom, too.
Hood recalled that as a young lad he and his friends had made corncob pipes and stolen a little of their fathers’ tobacco to give them a try. They had been ignorant of the ways of the pipe at the time, struggling to get them alight and keep them lit. They had hidden behind the barn on Hood’s farm, but Hood’s father had found them. The smell of burning tobacco quickly gave them away.
You can't hide
I hope you enjoyed this snapshot of this wonderful world of TSM (and proof of my propensity for subtitles). Regular contributor Lex Kahn has also celebrated the anniversary with his Wednesday Word of the Week and Michael will weigh in as the Editor-in-Chief. It’s been a fun, informative, and engaging year participating in the blog and watching it grow. I look forward to seeing what the next year brings. Big thanks to my wonderful husband for making me a part of his online world, too.
8. Insert your own random thought here.
There has been good thrifting lately & a wonderful yard sale I stumbled onto while driving home from grocery shopping yesterday afternoon. I found some lovely dinner plates & a large stoneware platter for a quarter apiece.
So the prizes – as well as two bottles of champagne for participating every single week, we won a powerboating experience on the Thames and a Go Ape experience, something about arboreal activities, haven’t really researched it well. And of course the winners medals. It’s certainly different from previous prizes, not to mention hi-adrenaline which is very intriguing. Third place won chocolate making, second place won tea/dinner on a Thames boat (I was quite liquored up by this point).
The Toros showed steady improvement during the preseason and though Esquinca isn’t talking about district titles — yet — he’s excited for what 2012 holds in store.
Put another way, as Mike Davis wrote in Planet of Slums, “the cities of the future, rather than being made out of glass and steel as envisioned by earlier generations of urbanists, are instead largely constructed out of crude brick, straw, recycled plastic, cement blocks, and scrap wood. Instead of cities of light soaring toward heaven, much of the twenty-first-century urban world squats in squalor, surrounded by pollution, excrement, and decay.”
With a quick assessment more yogurt is consumed. She finishes and grabs her stroller and off we go.
I finished off an entire keg all by myself. And it only took me 3 months to drink that much beer. I am willing to bet, it would have been like 2 months if I didn't have the two other beers on tap to drink as well. In addition to the kegs, I went through several cases of bottled beer. I can't even tell you how many. Is this a problem? Should I be worried?
According to France's nuclear safety body, a man was killed, seriously burned another and slightly injured three others, in an explosion at a nuclear waste site in southern France. The explosion happened in an oven used to melt radioactive metallic waste. For more details read
One of the perks of our small community school is the Home and School Association volunteers that participate is providing fun events and activities for the kids. They do an excellent job making school fun and probably deserve more credit and thanks then they get. One of the preeminent events the HSA holds is the annual Pine Run Derby Race. Max has participated the past few years. This year is Wyatt's first opportunity to build and car and enter the race. He is very excited.
Usually, a Mego style playset might rely more on illustrated elements--the stereo wall might have just been a drawing, for instance. I'm trying to make this one more real on the inside--the stereo wall will have a recessed shelf filled with record sleeves and a miniature record player (a refrigerator magnet, actually, that I've had in my parts box for years). It will be possible to place my video iPod behind the movie screen so you can see the Orientation film as well as hear music on speakers hidden in the walls. The pantry will be partially illustrated but will have a section of real shelves with real products on them. The goal is not to make a scale model of the Swan station, however. It's a compromise between authenticity and what fits within the limitations of the vinyl playset pieces.
7) You should choose the series you want to finish before the challenge begins, but it isn't necessary. It's fine to change series during the year - as long as you complete whichever series it is.
— Marty Sabota
What I find really interesting about this entire scenario is that just over a year ago, sitting in the same lunch room, with a different group of people, sat myself and my current boyfriend. And where did our conversations end up then? How bitter he was about his “current” breakup. It was a very similar situation. It was a mutual break up months before I started working at the company; she was dating someone new and was still calling/texting him. It really got to him, just like it gets to TNG. This is exactly what she wants, attention. The fact that our lunch conversations end up back at these girls means they win. And I told TNG the same thing I told the boyfriend: don’t give her the attention she is obviously seeking. Ignore her, because once you ignore her and move on, she no longer wins.
This in turn has gradually formed a culture of cronyism, of ‘I help you, and you help me’.
The Father’s reply? “I sent two boats and a helicopter. What else were you expecting?”
Step 14. Take your right needle, and push it through the first stitch on your left needle as seen above. You always go from front to back when you are making a "knit" stitch.
As for the main event, Faith and Tim are excellent showpeople, knowing just how to play to the crowd.
