* these timings depend on nature and content of the comments received from this letter.
ME: (at this point, I couldn’t really hold up the façade of belief any longer) Umm, I think it is a textbook for writing style and grammar. Almost a reference guide.
So, what if something unexpected happen to my children?
Jobless claims are higher than expected as we continue our march higher towards 400K. Revisions are higher as well. Always watch the revisions. Bullish sentiment of individual investors is well below the average suggesting to contrarians that the market has a tailwind. Conclusion: Market is still stuck in a trading range as market pros realize that Bernanke is not coming forward with QE unless something changes. Back to the trading range of 1350-1400 on the S&P. Spain is moving back to the front burner.
that we can traverse,
I quite liked my last almost favourites post. Even if it did involve a worrying amount of self loathing. So here we go with another round of winning products (a la Mr Sheen), miserable things and something that left me stone cold (but not necessarily sober).
At 80 percent. voter participation was larger than expected. This reflected broad popular hostility to Sarkozy’s policies of social austerity and war in the Middle East, and the sense that the French population faces a deep social and international crisis. This drove voters to the polls despite what was widely described as a lackluster campaign, where voters could not clearly distinguish between the candidates. Some 38 percent of voters indicated before the elections that they did not firmly support any candidate, and many voters cast ballots by default.
***If any of you are looking to print on canvas soon, CanvasPop is running a promotion for 25% off if you order by monday with MOTHERSDAY25 as the promo code.
I created this fun Purse Gift Card Set using Imaginisce's Sole Sisters and Making Waves Collection, some Roly Rosies, Fashion Flowers and I-Top Brad Daddies. From Canvas Corp I used: a Yellow Canvas Flower, Canvas Mini's, Burlap, a Velvet Fabric Page, Chipboard, Cardstock, Envelopes, Black Cord and Tattered Angels Glimmer Mist
I think today's dish captures the essence of Autumn wonderfully. Earthy Puy lentils, honey-mustard glazed pork sausages, roasted sweet potatoes, and crisp red onion - complimented by a light and tangy balsamic vinaigrette. Comforting. Hearty. Delicious.
only 40 were functional in 2010,
04. Shadow Me
So how about seeking out someone you know who might be battling cancer or any other disease (that people find difficult) that takes you out of your comfort zone?
The driver quickly regains control of the vehicle but not before the back door swings open briefly revealing a captive woman.
Even after about 15 years
I especially like this recipe because there's no refined sugar in it.
It is time you stop your games, Gani! God is watching, Gani!
A Christian must not be fanatic; he must have love for and be sensitive towards all people. Those who inconsiderately toss out comments, even if they are true, can cause harm.
I asked AGAIN about the dizzy spells. She told me that there really is nothing else they can do for him. This is not the first time I've been told this but I'm just stunned that this is really what they're telling me. They've done all kinds of tests and he has been tried on one med for this: Topamax. That's all they can do? Really? More about this in a bit.
Beyond the Ivory Tower Seminar Series
The “MAID” option.
Dustin scrambled down from his perch on the bleacher row just ahead of where Jordan and Jess sat. “Hope you’ve got a condom,” he said. “You’re so getting laid tonight.”
with my hands in your hands
Well, what's interesting is it sounds like you have great feedback from agents who just didn't know where they could take the book, or they didn't feel they had the contacts, or could do you justice because they felt the risk was too big, and, sometimes, agents don't want to get an author's hopes up when they know something is a long shot. What I'd suggest is wait until you have the offer, and when you do, let the editor know that you'd prefer to work with an agent so will need two weeks before you can get back to her. Then I would immediately follow up with those agents you felt you got a good response from. Those agents who sounded very interested in you and your work and, if they asked to see other things, clearly your voice. Let them know you have an offer on that book and ask if they would consider offering representation.
This has been considered The Farrelly Brother‘s passion project ever since they first broke-out onto the comedy scene with ‘Dumb and Dumber’. And as much as I want to stick up for these guys here as I’ve done in the past, I have to say that I think it’s time for them to choose another hobby if this is their passion.
toch lag ik uren met dat boek ep de grond
Should patch a wall t’expel the winter’s flaw.
Sam’s Club Republicans for three months
All this, within less than two years!
let us dance in the wide open space of love
I just washed them so I will be trying them out tomorrow/over the weekend. I want to be able to be home the entire day that we use them, just in case. Plus, I only have 3- so definitely not an entire day's worth!
“Tsuchigumo is a fearsome shape-shifting demon in the form of a gigantic, hairy, ground spider. It is expert at spinning illusions that draw people into its web so that they can feast on their blood.” p 170 The Mythological Creature Bible, Brenda Rosen
Splenda Essentials $1/1
The Rule of Space says that you will create a more pleasing image
Add pasta, salt and pepper and mix well.
In sub-Saharan Africa, the main genetic change since the advent of modern humans has been the replacement of hunter-gatherers by farming peoples. This process began perhaps 6,000 to 7,000 years ago near the Niger’s headwaters. A small core population of hoe farmers progressively expanded westward and southward, eventually occupying almost the whole of sub-Saharan Africa, except for a few marginal environments in central and southern Africa inhabited by Pygmy and Khoisan hunter-gatherers (Murdock, 1959, pp. 44, 64-68).
We want three things. We want to be free. We want to be able to live a normal life. We want peace. Is that too much to ask? We are a peace movement consistent of young people in Gaza and supporters elsewhere that will not rest until the truth about Gaza is known by everybody in this whole world and in such a degree that no more silent consent or loud indifference will be accepted.
“I look too conservative and boring,” he mused. I wisely kept my mouth shut. “Can you give me more hair? A little longer and not so thin. And maybe I should just be wearing my shirt on the outside for a more casual look. And get rid of the socks. I just want bare feet with the boat shoes.”
10.Cook for 5 mins and switch hot.
To give life to others
The congressman from Ohio has consistently demonstrated an abuse of power from a wealthy white heterosexual that rivals some of the super rich white boys on the Supreme Court. Boehner’s hypocrisy, double standards, misogyny, and homophobia have set his legacy of hate and abuse of power in history! Rather than working for the American people to balance the budget and get out of a deficit, the ubiquitous obstructionist Boehner said, “we will not raise taxes,” as he was working tirelessly to protect the incomes of the top 1% of Americans–damn the rest of the country.
No one wants children to start smoking because they are not mature enough to make an adult choice and despite the hysteria displayed by the anti-smoker industry, there are enough restrictions in place already to prevent the sale of tobacco to children.
I’m not quite sure where to go from here. Whether or not to put it to one side for a short time again – risking the possibility I may never come back to it – or to force myself into it and simply be stronger, more focused, more dedicated. Looking at those two options on the page I know which I’d rather be known for doing. After all: is it better to try and fail, or to never have tried at all?
The officer looked down, then to his left, then at John, then clicked his microphone again. “Dispatch, tell Texas state to fall back. They’re heading right at me, be here in ten minutes. Also, get an Oklahoma unit east of me, right on the state line.”
Our approach to fighting temptation is similar in that we should be planning for its attack before it strikes and making certain preparations so that we are better equipped for the battle. Randy Alcorn, in his booklet, Sexual Temptation, insists that preparing for the battle means taking time to “cultivate your inner life”. For him, he admits this must include more than a daily quiet time. I agree with him. While I understand many Christians struggle to meet with God in his Word and in prayer just once a day for 20 or 30 minutes, we are actually called to meditate on God’s Word “day and night” (Joshua 1:8) and “pray without ceasing” (1 Thessalonians 5:17). This does not mean that you have to be thinking about Scripture and praying every minute of the day, but it does mean that you should be returning to God in these ways at different points throughout the day instead of just having a brief chat before you start your day and saying goodbye until the next morning.
1/4 cup butterscotch chips
'Cause rock has got the right of way
I am stuck. Trapped.
* Kraft - loving all the fun lines they are making with kraft..so fun!
Queens has more miles of overhead power lines than any other borough, Con Ed officials said. There are no outdoor electrical wires in Manhattan.
I like it like it like it
He sucks on his cigarette as I speak, his smile spreading to touch the pig tusks protruding from his nose, a twinkle in his eyes. “Not us,” he says, shaking his head. He points eastwards across the valley, over the far ridge, then another, to Haliolo, where my cannibal quest began eight days ago. “Those people eat people,” he says. “Go and ask them.”
However, every now and then a school that has spent decades in the Division I wilderness, searching in vain for the road to the tourney, finds its way out of the woods and into the promised land. Two seasons ago it happened to American University, which had just missed in several Patriot League tourney title games before finally punching its ticket with a 52-46 victory over Colgate. AU had been in Division I since 1967.
- Sell everything as being mutually beneficial which may be the hardest thing you ever do. How? Think before you open your mouth. Ask yourself “How can I sell Bill on helping to defend Sue’s Plot and how could it be beneficial to him”? If it doesn’t appear beneficial look at the list of four items up top and work your way down. If all else comes up blank she’s a member of our community and lives in our “neck of the woods”. That means something to most rural folk.
Way up high on a shelf, where you put them so you wouldn't have to come face to face every single day with the knowledge that you are a fat load who can't fit into them any more: your skinny pants.
Of course, as Mark Bittman argued in The New York Times, the U.S. is going to need a lot more than 50 20somethings advocating for change to the food system if it’s going to confront the massive problems it faces. But it’s a start. And an exciting one, at that.
One thing that is hard for me in seasons like this, while I’m feeling stretched, is when the house seems like we can’t quite catch up. I know I’ve shared recently on here about our FIGHT THE LAZY campaign. It’s working. I’m not gonna lie – I’m not on my game every day (like today when I turned off the alarm and got out of bed 20 minutes later) but there is a difference in things around here. And you know what? It really is the little things that add up to big things. Something as small as taking a couple minutes to grind my coffee and fill the kettle the night before can mean one less thing to think about when I’m still trying to wake up. Doing the dishes and clearing the counters the night before give me a clean slate in the morning. I’m not waking up feeling overwhelmed and am therefore in a better mood first thing.
The pot is removed from the stove and the ingredients are allowed to steep. The person places a towel over the head for a tent-like effect, leans over the pot, and breathes in steam through the mouth.
Anyways, I had to go BACK out this evening to find just a few more things that were out at other stores ( big surprise...hello, the day before school) and by the time I'd left the second store after 9:30PM, I realize that I hadn't eaten dinner. I'm walking through the parking lot, and low and behold
'Hey, whatcha doing?'
Corbeteña and El Banco are full of beautiful Jack Cravalls and that´s about it. Just what you wanted to hear isn´t it. Not a biggie for the most part, since those interested in larger fish are going the distance. If you´re in the area give the high spots a shot and see what happens. For the most part I would say there are better places to spend your time and fuel dollar if fishing.
Another issue that came up is the range hood. Our ducting above the range hood has to angle slightly into the joists and will have us create a box of sorts that will be about 12-14" wide and about 12" down from our 10' ceilings. If we do a chimney hood this box will fit right over the chimney and be trimmed out kind of like this except I'm thinking (from the way they were talking) that my box will end up larger than this trim out is here...
BTW, noticed yesterday that my two reaming garlic plants have flowered! Means I'll have a garlic harvest soon. Have to wait till the flower head drops and reseeds. I Had planted Elephant Garlic out in the garden years ago and some seeds got loose from the bed and took root. Have done quite well over the years and still make a wonderful garlic.
They have earned, and fully deserve, the respect, appreciation and admiration of the American people, who owe their American way of life to the willingness of men and women to go into harm’s way to protect it. And they have earned the pay, medical and other veteran’s entitlements that are within the contractual agreement that the American people have made to them through our nations laws. And they have earned the right to be proud of having served and sacrificed for a greater good, for their family, community, and nation.
-organize jars and contents. switch more items into jars. possibly spray paint all lids to match.
from the desire of being consulted,
We meet everyone at the Center for a lecture and training on how to do the research and the count.
i think this will be great for my business and all, but WHAT WAS I THINKING?!?!
The probability and type of effect depend on dose and the developmental stage of the embryo or foetus.
I would really love to hear thoughts on this.
So I set about searching for the perfect place. I needed to be far enough away from home to stop me from taking the easy route out and hopping back in the car or on a bus and giving up. And I needed the freedom to do nothing but write without feeling guilty.
Alrighty, on to the drinking…
Don’t forget to visit the library! As of this writing:
I was trying to sort my mind out for the past few hours, and I got reminded of one of my to-dos in my scheduler, which was to send an email to a lecturer to update him about what I’m currently doing and my future plans.
I don’t know what to say to that. I have always been so stubborn that I have not been able to stay. Even when I had no place to land, I always jumped. I did that in music, cars, electronics jobs, and even publishing. It’s always worked. By worked, I mean I have always been able to find a new and better direction.
Employers want to see a glimpse of your personality. They want to see who you are and who you will be on the job. Are you serious? Are you laid back? Are you humorous? I’m not saying to become Bill Cosby and tell a bunch of jokes, but don’t be afraid to smile, laugh, or be who you were born to be. The last thing you want to do is act contrary to who you are to get the job, because why would you want to work for a company who doesn’t want you for you.
Lee Fielder predicted the comeback. His blind spot was the exact location of Durley Recreation Ground, which remains a mystery to some of our players. Playing there on each of the previous four seasons does little to jog memories. Lee sat in my back seat and admitted having no idea how to get there. Kev Willsher did not fare much better. We passed through West-End, over the M27 and past the Southampton Arms; a pub that, as the crow flies, is no more than two miles away from his childhood home, which until this precise moment Kev had no previous knowledge of.
■A woman who’s passionate about sustainable agriculture (whether as a producer, consumer or vocal advocate).
The warm weather and longer daylight hours have rekindled my enthusiasm for bringing my camera back into my kitchen, so I'm going to try to be more consistent with posting on my little blog. There are lots of things waking up around here that I can't wait to share!
I hope you enjoy this simple, yet artistic card. And I hope it will inspire you to dig out some old issues of the TJ newsletter and remember that sometimes the easiest techniques are the most impressive!
What happened was that this guy, Mr. Chen ( a cop) was drinking with his superiors (other cops) who in something akin to a fraternity hazing, forced him to drink until he passed away. What gets me is that it was called "dying in the line of duty", this was done so that his widow could get more cash, that makes sense. But by calling him a martyr and phrasing it as such, doesnt it lessen the severity of the actions by his superiors, didnt these guys have someting to do with it. By calling it martyrdom, it makes it as if his actions were heroic and not that the actions of his superiors nothing less than barbaric…
Alcohol also raises the body’s blood pressure, increasing the risk of a heat-related illness like hyperthermia over heating and heat stroke especially for people with high blood pressure.
14 - Kalin Twins - When - 2:28
5 tablespoons Butter
01. The Things I Used To Do - with Johnny Winter on steel guitar
Then You gave to me,
Though I didn't start til November it had become a competition.
Anyway here is another one I've done......this is probably my most favourite...........
Aristotle and Pliny both refer to turquoise. Marco Polo even wrote about it. Turquoise has always been considered a stone of life. It also has a long standing history of more than 1000 years with Native Americans who have used it extensively for protection and healing. The stone was also used in religion, art, trade, treaty negotiations
Being who I am this time around is isolating, and the only reason I've been able to get to this point is thanks to dedication, creativity, patience, perseverance, stubbornness, extraordinary healing capabilities, and no small amount of temporary insanity. I've held my head in my hands more than once wondering what strange drive it is pushing me to continue.
Time was when you couldn’t walk into a coffee shop without seeing half a dozen or more heads buried in a newspaper. Especially in the morning or at lunch.
That being said, I'm out. If you have any sage advice (or if this happened to you) leave a comment below. I want to hear what you have to say.
First, she hunts down all loose balls. She is very careful to look under the other babies' beds, because she knows balls often roll underneath and people don't notice them there.
Sadie, my two-year-old daughter, was in her car seat.
Luck of the Draw
Layout: This layout is data-happy, which I personally enjoy, but I'm wondering if it's overwhelming to readers. I'm thinking of nixing everything except a revised "About the Blog" and the archives, and putting anything that needs to be included on a separate Page.
Done in Dalaran = The Eventide, Dalaran.
For the model I chose Holly, although we have worked together on numerous occasions we always manage to get different shots each time, and I genuinely think that Holly enjoys the challenge of having to come up with something new every time she works with me. She always wants to make sure that at the end of the shoot I am happy with the results, and that I felt it was worthwhile booking her (again!) - well Holly, you've managed that so far for the last three years :)
Every info on the financial loan customer is helped by confidentiality for cover. The lenders normally enable their individuals to discover the style of obtaining cash. cash can be transferred instantly to the consideration from the lender or perhaps the lender may use credit unit card. 1st lending products can attain often Usd3000 or more dependant upon the candidate’s per month earnings.
“Yes,” the word came out in a rush of breath before her mind could even process all he had offered her, what it meant to agree. With one word she had unleashed this monster upon her body. Of this she was well aware, anxious and excited, rather than scared. The only thing, which truly disquieted her was the absolute discrepancy of the matter.
Has the Obama team found a way to inspire their supporters?
In past polls, you told me that you loved series more than stand-alone books and you didn't really wait for a series to be completed to start reading it. With this love of Fantasy series in mind, a topic came to my mind and I decided to turn it into my next poll.
Here's a well-known Puccini piece. (Man about to be executed sings about the last time he slept with his girlfriend - "e lucevan le stelle").
I find myself walking along on my college campus and feeling alone. Alone to the point that with Jermaine sounds better. It would be easy, in theory, but I'm so torn that I would constantly be fighting the relationship- knowing that it's not quite right.
The books is a book I had to have about doughnuts. I've made two kinds in the last two weeks - the pumpkin ones I shared with you and some chocolate ones that didn't really float my boat. I can't wait to try out some of these recipes!
Amanpour: ok
Well there is good news and bad news.
RODRIGUEZ: So it’s you, the six kids and Nadya in the house?
Brad lightly sanded the chrome finished to a brushed nickel and applied a few light coats of paint. (sidenote: Rustoleom's verison of ORB is a lot more accurate than Krylon's. It has the gold sheen dimension, whereas Krylon looks flat black indoors).
In the fall of last year I was on my way to Tawas Point, one of the premiere birding sites along Lake Huron about an hour from my home on the Pine River. As often happens, the best action was on the way to where I was going. I spotted an immature Red tailed hawk kiting near the road side and pulled off to practice our high tech game of bird photography. The maneuvers this young hawk was performing were a wonder; diving, soaring, and hovering. For a daydreamer like myself, it was poetry in motion. I wondered: Will human ingenuity ever be able to fashion a machine capable of imitating the sky dance of a Hawk?
-You stopped judging other people's parenting decisions
1/4 c oat bran (I used ground flaxseed meal instead)
Sharon Lynne Way Out West
His famous front page scoop began with the line
1187 **D-VI/22/1994. “Magna Carta and American Constitutionalism: Recognitions.” Nottingham-Trent Law Students Program, Loyola University of Chicago, Rome Center, Rome, Italy. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(4), above, pp. 647-63.)
Drizzle a tsp of ghee/clarified butter.
Shawshank Redemption, The Ocean's Trilogy, Indiana Jones (not so much the newest one), The Sandlot, and Star Wars. It takes a lot to make me dislike a movie though.
One of the best food e-magazines is one called FoodieCrush and last week it featured seven lasagne recipes--Lasagne Cups being one of the seven. I thought, "what a great idea...for so many reasons." Tonight, I came up with my version since in a few days, I leave for a trade show (CHA-Craft & Hobby Association) in Anaheim, California, and I wanted to make sure I stocked the refrigerator and freezer with good food that hubby can fix on his own.
Not too many pictures after that, obviously! I just took this race easily and happily! It was a great race to people watch as there were a lot of costumes, ball gowned and tuxedo-ed runners even and tons of spectators cheering us on.
30 whole cloves garlic, about 3 bulbs
This was another book with an interesting concept, but I feel like it fell short of hitting its mark. It wasn’t a bad read, don’t get me wrong, but it felt like the story took a very long time to transpire. Peter Dawes automatically captures the reader’s attention as he explains how he came to be a vampire—the cold blooded murders he commits are intense and Peter quickly sets the scene for a read that seems like it will be fast paced and incredibly intriguing. But, once Peter becomes a vampire, I found that the story almost came to a standstill. Dawes then describes the next couple of years of his life as a vampire in a way that made me feel like everything was being glossed over; that it wasn’t important information to the story as a whole, but needed to be told in order for the story to move forward. Unfortunately for me, I found these periodic “in-between” times of the story to be a bit boring for my taste, and couldn’t wait to get to the important information, including the bit about Seers and how everything molded together to make Peter special. A lot of the novel he seemed like another run of the mill, holier than though, sadistic, self absorbed vampire, and I found myself, quite quickly, learning to dislike him, mainly because so much time was spent showing him in this light.
That was the whole point of the gallery really, to showcase up and coming emerging ceramic talent, as I didnt really know where to start once I'd left uni - If it hadn't been for Janice Blackburn, and my exhibition at Sotheby's - I probably would still be wondering how to get into gallerys and find commissions!
Alan Pardew: “We just have to keep winning and see where we finish up.”
4) Ask the right questions about their culture. Don’t ask questions that will bring up painful memories, but asking questions about what they did for fun, what their food is like, etc. show, again, your interest in them. And you’ll hear some really cool stories while you’re doing that. One of my Sudanese friends talked about how he used to swim in the Nile almots every day.
Bike and Roll NYC bicycle rentals provide an engaging new way to explore the cultural offerings in the Heart of Brooklyn and the unique small businesses nearby. A cultural partnership comprised of Brooklyn Botanic Garden, Brooklyn Children’s Museum, Brooklyn Museum, Brooklyn Public Library, Prospect Park and Prospect Park Zoo, Heart of Brooklyn is accessible by several major subway lines, and current transportation links onsite include The HOB Connection, which offers free monthly trolley rides between the popular Target First Saturday at Brooklyn Museum to nearby places to eat, drink and shop. Bicycle rentals at Grand Army Plaza are a fun, green new way to further explore the cultural campus. Information about bicycling in Prospect Park can be found at www.prospectpark.org/visit/activities/bicycling .
What we love about this startup is that we get to do any kind of story we want. “The Council” was light and quirky, but the next piece we do may be about astrophysics or race relations in college athletics (really).
What have they actually accomplished in these 41 days? Thus far, they have passed 106 laws, compared to the 908 laws passed by the notorious “Do-Nothing” Congress of 1947-1948. Okay, they do have at least 51 days to get 802 laws to match this Congress.
Peeps.
But then, the phone rang and changed my life. It was my agent, bearing news of an offer from New York. My first novel was going to be published!
Although I didn't really keep count.
The sign on the wall speaks for itself. The signs these lovely ladies carry advocate prison for white folks.
MS punch for the border and the bottom of the card.
*Food cravings?: Still no real cravings...bagel and cream cheese taste good to me this week, but not really craving them. There's nothing I feel I HAVE to have! With my last pregnancies, I would have pushed you down to get to a certain food...but not this time.
Les dépenses du budget général ont atteint 68,3 MMDH à fin mars 2012, en légère hausse de 0,8% par rapport à leur niveau à fin mars 2011, qui s’explique par une augmentation de 17,6% des dépenses de fonctionnement conjuguée à une baisse de l’investissement et des charges de la dette budgétisée1 de 34,2% et de 11,1%
We also now have a newly installed back door sans the finger-sized hole!
8. Would you like to marry/go out with/ come on a date with me ? 'Cause Jessica/Olivia/Bertha already said "No."
You spend so much time in this room, so you need a space that works for both adults and small people. During the day, push back sofas so little ones have maximum toddling space, then for cosy TV watching in the evening, move them into more social positions. There’s no need to get rid of your gorgeous cream settees and armchairs, either - machine washable throws are your friends. To keep things safe, buy non slip rubber mats to go under your rugs and get padding and edge protectors for your tables.
All of these spoke to me, just resonated very strongly as I was not doing what I should have been doing, was questioning whether I can share what I’ve learned without having all the answers and then the last one just put me right back on track knowing I’ve just got to do what’s in my heart – that being sharing my experience, raising awareness of suicide and mental health issues and increasing prevention of suicide and of the stigma attached to it all.
The station had a stand advertising Kyoto Aquarium, which had opened only a few days before we arrived. They had a tank of jellyfish, so we said why not and went to the aquarium. Kyoto Aquarium is actually only a few blocks from the station, and I liked the pedestrian overpass we used to get there (there’s a lot of these in Japan, actually):
September 25, 1990
Here’s a question close to my heart: when I wrote “Tangled Roots” and had half the book in the voice of a man, I was questioned about whether I thought that was difficult, or even possible. So now I ask you: did you think twice about writing in women’s voices? Do you have trouble doing that ever? I must say, I never thought you faltered when you took on the voice of a woman. I think “Where Did He Go, You Wonder?” is particularly successful, even though it is actually 3rd person, I suppose. I thought you completely got into the head of an older woman with that one. Were you aware of doing something “challenging” with that, or did it just come out like any other story comes out?
Dinner was late tonight because I had to make a quick card, photograph it before the light completely left the sky, and link it to One-Layer Wednesday before 9 PM. One-Layer Wednesday is the challenge that brought me into blogland; it's one of my favorites and I always try to participate.
Rodin’s Lovers graced the living room mantle,
Happy Blogging!
4. Place between sheets of greaseproof/parchment and refrigerate for 30 minutes or more (or leave overnight / freeze for another day)
And, just like that, most of my nerves went away. Askia made me feel welcome, and made me feel comfortable. He showed me around the gym, pointing out its features, and answering all my questions. I ended up forgoing the guest pass, and instead, I pulled out my wallet and walked out a member.
I wonder how much of this is invested in the physicality of the book, the fact that I am reading the very same physical copy with its associations of that time and place, and how much is down to the actual text? How much of my own feelings and sensations of that time long ago are permanently imbued for me in the text, so that I can never again come to it 'clean'?
FAYETTEVILLE
Thou that wast born at sea, buried at Tarsus,
The Lord
Glimmer Mist and gesso. This was meant to be the "negative" version of a page from yesterday, but it did not come out as well as I hoped. I'm going to try something similar soon, but with dictionary paper. So don't think you're seeing double :-):
I’m going to call it, this is my current fav meal. I’ve made it twice in the last week and eaten leftovers for lunch twice. It’s one of those meals that tastes as good if not better than something you can get at a restaurant. The flavors together are super yummy, it’s a relatively quick meal to make and it’s healthy and meat free. I saw the idea for a three pea, tofu and cashew stir fry in an Eating Well Magazine, but I heavily altered this recipe. I made my own sauce, and switched pressed tofu for Trader Joes teriyaki tofu. Even my kids love this recipe!
Eventually one slipped through the fence. And then the other. The SUV left. Leaving Gail and our three children standing at the door.
Broken and beautiful
So, I was wondering how we do romanticism in an anti-romantic age. And then I went to see a preview screening of the 3D film of Matthew Bourne's Swan Lake, which is being released into cinemas worldwide on 15 May starring Richard Winsor (and very good it is). And there's the prelude. The child prince in bed, in his pyjamas. His mother comes in; he reaches out to her, she backs away. He has a fuzzy swan by way of comforter. He has a nightmare vision of the real swan. And the action commences. Remind you of anything?
Both Terminators sent to assassinate also find out where the person they’re hunting is from a phone/transmitted message. In The Terminator, it’s Ginger’s answering machine; in Terminator 2, it’s a cop radio at Miles Dyson’s house.
“We wouldn’t have allowed them to speak,” she told a press conference the day after the rally.
I learned that it doesn't always take a lot to change how people view a person with Down syndrome. It doesn't necessarily take a lot of money, or education or effort. Sometimes - for the open hearted- all it takes is one simple encounter.
After this it’s a bunch of deranged, starving zombies groaning “brains” who close in on our intrepid family – only to “tag” the mother and declare her “it” for the game of “brains tag” they’re playing. The family politely decline.
The run down to the end of term and Little Bun's birthday and party have certainly made for a mad, fun and busy week. Now my littlest girl is 10 and I'm wondering how we got here so fast.
This dilemma sent me to the basement (my former shop) in search of...anything. What I found was an old transitional plane (the love-child of a wooden plane and a metal plane) that was given to me years ago, and is about as attractive as Billy Ray Cyrus' Kentucky waterfall.
But I 'need' what's going to happen tonight. I need to feel that its over, and a spanking does that for me.
The catastrophe which recently befell the Jewish people - the massacre of millions of Jews in Europe - was another clear demonstration of the urgency of solving the problem of its homelessness by re-establishing in Eretz-Israel the Jewish State, which would open the gates of the homeland wide to every Jew and confer upon the Jewish people the status of a fully privileged member of the comity of nations.
wow, do i miss you! it never gets easier, either. can't believe you left us that snowy day in april, 1987.....because it just seems like yesterday. how i would love to share my days and their events with you again. you were such a wonderful grandma!
3 POINTS?
Tommy asked to sit on the potty today and he was so proud of himself for doing it! He didn't do anything but sit, but that is huge for us! Every time we would talk to the boys about the potty, they would be adamant they wanted nothing to do with it. "Nooooooo!" is the answer we would get, every time we asked. But this morning as the boys were getting their morning diaper change (which they hate), I mentioned if they would go to the bathroom on the potty, we might not have to change diapers anymore. At this Tommy started asking to sit on the potty, so we all acted very excited, got him situated and sat with him praising him while he sat on the potty. Liam still insisted, "Nooooo!" so we didn't make him, but we made a big deal out of Tommy trying.
When I was a kid,
I have decided to move on to another agency. Long story short: I have lots of agents who were chomping at the bit to work with my book proposal. I went with one, it didn't work out, a year later I have decided to move on and go with another agent. One agent told me she would need a list of the submissions and responses. I'd like to have that list too, just for my own records.
Trendy styles with modesty options
Band camp in Paris reopened yesterday with the arrival of Matt, my bandmate from Brooklyn and the other half of The Sobs, our folk-punk duo. I love hosting band camp. It's become clear to me that my dream life is to have a music venue of my own in Paris where musicians can stay over and where I can throw parties all the time.
this stunning combination of mossy green with cream trim; I love
1 big onion. Coarsely sliced
At thirty minutes long, this record does not feel monotonous or boring so much as just passable. It starts off earnestly enough, with the opening four tracks dropping the listener right into the middle of the band’s sound and laying out easily the best suite on the record, especially the title track with it’s refrain of “I don’t want a girl who wants to kiss all the boys”. Romantic angst should not be foreign to anyone even remotely familier with pop-punk or “emo” (another term that requires a disclaimer, which I really don’t feel like writing) music and fits nicely into the band’s raw instrumental sound.
and be lifted by the fact
Hofstadter’s point is that Americans like to praise common sense rather than reflection and intellect. Although, he wrote in the 60s a look at today’s political discourse can confirm this. Combine Hofstadter’s perspective with that of Carl Marx and the reason the modern university is turning into a worker drone factory is because the capitalistic nature of society requires that it be stocked with young bodies born to be worker bees. Thinking this way, the occupy wall street movement and the student backlash against unemployement, is really a frustration that the almighty system has no place for your type of worker bee. When in reality it has no place for you because it has no place for thought anymore.
Gnomeregon Mechanostrider – 100 Champion’s Seals
The trouble is, Tiff's mum doesn't buy these things, she takes them.
I love how she kind of knows Santa is not real but that she wants to still believe so she can have a little fun at Christmas. It's the perfect combination of Christmas Tradition, I think. With a lot about Christ and a little fun with Santa.
Everything that God speaks is Christ. Christ is all our Father has to say. In the New Testament, whenever the Father spoke, He spoke of Christ.
Took myself a couple of the classes over at Miss Art's Papercrafting school during the weekend, one of them is "Fabric Frills" featuring Andrea Budjack. Gerry van Gent has a class on "Clay Creations" and there are many more illustrous ladies teaching fabulous stuff!
Link them up here and show off just how Griswoldy your tree can be! If you know someone who pinned this photo, invite them to come over and share their tree pictures with us. I know I'll never be able to get in touch with all 40,000 folks who pinned this sucker, but maybe if YOU pin this link party they'll hear about it and wanna come show off their mad glowy skillz, too.
Probably choice. I don't think someone's life will turn out a certain way just because it's "fate" and already planned out. I think the choices someone makes will affect the end result.
Ray-Diant has an acid green-gold hued base filled with mutlti coloured glitter scattered about. The green-gold base colour shifts in the light. I found this polish to be very difficult to photograph, as I'm sure you can tell by the lack luster photos.
1. Now that I am fully awake (unlike yesterday, when I had not yet finished my breakfast of sugar-free Rockstar and determination), I remember the correct line from the Mary Poppins spin-off is "There is something you should understand about the way I work. When you need me but do not want me, then I must stay. When you want me but no longer need me, then I have to go." I'm not sure if that's the way Flow operates.
“More than you can imagine, dear friend, more than you can imagine…”
Stick together in your neighborhood groups. If you don’t have one, create one. There are like-minded people all around you. Continue to educate yourselves in the classics of great literature, and great thinkers. We are busy people. We do not believe that government can fix our problems, and we want to focus on our families, our businesses, and our lives. But make no mistake, if we do not stay focused in this critical time of alignment, our families that matter so much to us, will no longer be free.
Does he include the Tandlemans, Zytophiles, Real Ale Girls and Reluctant Scoopers of this world in his childish rant? I name these few because I know they are CAMRA members and bloggers and they are all very eloquent at shouting about the good points of cask conditioned beer too, unlike Shirley it seems.
I come up wit dat one myself, I did.
Clichy v Valencia
But praise and honor of a politician who denies an overwhelmingly attested genocide, that is even heavier.
Style: IPA
Sun dried tomatoes (reconstitute for 20 min in water, use that juicy water somewhere else)
Granted, like John Carter, there are parts of the Avengers which I simply don't like. The bit which launched this article being the main one, but also because I just felt the movie didn't really fit that well with all of the preceeding ones. Maybe it's because I was disappointed they didn't give more information on what happened between the endings of the other various films and this one. How long had Captain American been working for shield? How long had Dr. Selvig been working for shield? How did Bruce Banner get from his cabin in British Columbia to India. Why did they reference so many things from the deleted scenes of the other movies? What the heck happened to War Machine to make it so he didn't show up? Were him and General Ross dealing with other threats? I realize most of these things are not questions the casual viewer would even consider, but to me, they are important.
I eventually decided that I wanted to redo my first painting, changing some colours and repainting the elements I wasn’t entirely happy with.
Or is that “tween” years…?
I’ll say it again (especially now, given the appalling coverage of the Bhoja Air crash) – good step, but, if PEMRA hopes for this code of conduct to come into play (without an uproar and a major battle) they need to address some of its problematic guidelines which I have listed below.
Today I am excited to be a guest designer for the new release for La La Land Crafts stamps! I adore these cuties and I adore Irina and Eric (owners & artists)...so happy to have spent time with Irina this past weekend in California while I was there...she's such a sweetie! I got to use "Traveler Marci" which is quite appropriate for me and my life...LOL...traveling gypsy that I am so I enjoyed using her. You can see all the NEW RELEASES for La La Land HERE! You know you're gonna want one...or two...or more hee hee!
Honestly, I think I like mine the least. Sad face. But copying the work of someone else is not as easy as one might think. Further, just making a decent abstract is tough. It can slide into cheesy, my-kid-could-paint-that territory super quickly.
AXIS BANK – Bse code – 532215 – last close – 1196.6 – SELL – 1206.1 – SL – 1230.2 – for TG1 Rs. 1180.4 and for TG2 Rs. 1168.6 – stock opened at Rs. 1186 hit intraday low Rs. 1165.2 hit intraday high Rs. 1204.7 stock was during trading down -2.7 % from previous close and closed at Rs 1178.7
You might be able to reduce these costs by carrying out the work at the same time as other home improvements. And you could spread the cost by not tackling all the house at once – see below for how to keep the cost down.
It was interesting to experience the effect that such prolonged, repeated sessions of high-quality dancing had on my body, my mind, and my dance. As I relaxed into it, I developed a physical comfort in my body and movement - especially the back and hips - which came out in just walking around town. In the dance, I found that I was using my whole body musically in a stronger and more explicit, confident way than before, and I might be able to make that persist, with some work. It would be nice.
What am I trying to relay? I am a stronger person because, I have never had any reason to await anyone’s giving so that, I have it. If I want it, I work to have it. I own it. No one tells me how to use it or orders me around on it.
Hmmm….maybe I’ll have a contest or something.
And I walked away.
I really geared myself up for this weekend. I got plenty of rest ahead of time, took my vitamins, lifted my weights, ate my protein. I was ready.
This was not originally meant to be a largely political blog. That it evolved into one is down to the many dangers pressing on us. It would have been morally wrong to have ignored them, even though in truth I am not much politically inclined and certainly ignorant compared with some other bloggers.
Finished? Good, wasn't it? Plus, it saves you the horror of having to read one of my dreadful sight-unseen plot summaries, not to mention me the chore of having to write one. Anyway, back to that Macdonald / MacDonald connection. Aside from the similar surnames – Ross Macdonald's being invented, of course – the two Macs were also contemporaries. And both being creators of a series of first-person novels starring a private investigator – Macdonald's Lew Archer and MacDonald's aforementioned Travis McGee – you'd think they might have had much in common, maybe even have been friends, or at least associates. Not so. A 1976 Roger Ebert interview with John D. MacDonald recently surfaced online, and towards the end of that, Ebert raises the question of the similarity between the two writers' names. MacDonald points out that Ross Macdonald's then-latest book, The Blue Hammer, sported the kind of title that John D. might've picked for one of his own famously colour-themed Travis McGee titles. He then goes on to say:
Would you sew it again? Would you recommend it to others? I would definitely sew it again and I would recommend it to others for sure.
Its likely teams will still opt for a minimum cross section and maximum height section in between the front and dash bulkheads. But the nose cone design will be the biggest variable, this will be dependant on their approach in creating the onset flow conditions for the floor and sidepods. To alter the flow they have just a few small areas of body to influence the airflow; the front wing itself, the wings mounting pylons, the space directly under the nose cone and the area above the splitter.
Basement Blues, Noble Sissle and His Orchestra
Soon as it was over I got myself ready to leave.
The good news is, the Gospel is spreading.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHA
Haswell, C.C., Izawa, J., Dowell, L. R., Mostofsky, S. H., & Shadmehr, R. (2009). Representation of internal models of action in the autistic brain. Nature Neuroscience, 12 , 970-972.
Old man Clooney was the only man on the Creek, who knew how to make moonshine that wouldn’t kill whoever took a drink. Living his life on top of Patch Mountain gave him a sense of unwarranted superiority. He was the type of man who could hit a deer with a small riffle from two hundred and fifty yards away. Yet, he couldn’t hit the huge hole which marked the outhouse facilities. Clooney was a loner and didn’t spend anytime socializing. A simple creature, he could survive his entire life with only three things: beer, boxer shorts and batteries for the remote control of his 1979 Zenith television. Other than those who visited Clooney via Dragnet, his favorite show, was when people came looking for hillbilly spirits. People came by hoping to open a fresh bottle of corn squeezin’s, which Clooney made often. Moonshine, an alcoholic beverage that when made and sold without permits and taxes paid is illegal. The alcohol is usually clear was water and runs to about 180 poof.
The backs of these cards contain typical statistics, bio information and a cartoon.
3. When you receive the award,
Bit expensive though eh?
-Keep thick blankets and pillows in your car, closets, and at work. Again, you never know when you’ll need it, and you’ll thank yourself later.
Here's the first bit:
As Easter passes we can be sure that everybody will have enjoyed the long weekend (if they weren’t working), and of course one of the hot topics of discussions right now is how much chocolate one consumed, and how many easter eggs they received.
EDIT: That $8.91 to my name is actually $8.19, I just checked my bank account. FML.
I was hoping the slideshow would be just the B/W images, but still on a learning curve with this.
Angry Birds Seasons
This pair below is my favorite new design. I wanted to try them first with just a smooth copper cap, but I think I would prefer them to be textured. They remind me of a fuchsia blossom--that's what I was going for with the little "stamens" dangling from the bottom. This pair sports a pair of lampwork beads from BeingBeads. I have another pair half done with green aventurine roundels and little Czech glass stamens in prairie green.
“The study, published today in The Open Chemical Physics Journal, describes a finding of ‘red/gray bi-layered chips’ in samples of dust taken from vicinity of the World Trade Center following its destruction. Using tools such as a scanning electron microscope (SEM) and x-ray energy dispersive spectroscopy (XEDS) to analyze the material, the study authors concluded that, ‘the red portion of these chips is found to be an unreacted thermitic material and highly energetic.’”
I don't even know where to start with this fuckface. Powerman 5000 is the brainchild of "Spider One," younger brother of one the worst rock vocalist of all time Rob Zombie. If you thought "Dragula" was bad then you have never heard "When Worlds Collide" the one Powerman 5000 song to hit the charts. He's actually a WORSE singer than his older bro which is saying something! These guys basically cornered the shitty soundtrack market, as their contributions to terrible soundtracks is mightily impressive. Here is just a partial list of the soundtracks they have appeared on in addition to their 9 craptastic studio albums:
This custom comes from the very beginnings of Christianity. Story says that when Saint Basil was the bishop in Cappadocia in Asia Minor, a Roman Prefect wanted to conquer the place. Saint Basil gathered all the wealth of the people lived in there, so as to give it as ransom to the Romans, in order not to loot the area. But either because the Prefect had second thoughts, or because of God’s intervention, the place stayed intact. Saint Basil of course didn’t know which item belonged to each person, so he ordered people to make pies and he put all the jewelry and valuable things inside them and distributed them among the community members.
23For I am certain that you will send me back to death, and to the meeting-place ordered for all living.
“Will 2012 be the end of the euro currency? I seriously don’t think so. Its a young currency, its a solid one as well,” Lagarde told journalists on a visit to South Africa.
Making my solo debut in Boston last August. Outside the venue was "Martin Gordon", and somebody had climbed up on top, and in chalk had written "(!!!)", which I thought was very ambiguous. But then I thought, fuck, it's me, finally!
There is physical death and then there is "becoming stuck" aka "my dreams didn't come true" aka "I didn't reach my goals" aka "I coulda been a contender" (in my Marlon Brando voice).
Finally, I love the curves of the dill stems. If you click on the picture you will see what I am talking about. I do think they provide and interesting look to the picture.
I have a hundred more names I call you, but I know you’ll probably feel awkward if I go on much more like this, sooooooo I’m going to quit while you’re only kind of blushing and leave it at that.
Connor’s best friend, Taylor, who sat next to him, leaned over and quietly cackled. “Do ya think anyone’s even listening to her?”
It will be making its rhubarb reign debut very soon! Just down the street was an outpost of the popular local thrift store chain, the Brown Elephant. The racks were packed with all sorts of vintage treasures, but I had a hard time keeping my eyes off the surroundings. Once upon a time, the building must have been a theater. What a fabulous setting -- crusty, crumbly and oh-so-romantic. Again, if I lived closer, I'd be a regular.
I'm really looking forward to this quarter, for some reason I just have this need to 'hunker down' and get moving. Maybe it's the weather, kind of like if I have to hibernate I would like to be doing something productive, eh?
Thanks, Denis.
She lives happily ever after with her new beau, three boys and one little Shih tzu named Peppy Le’Pew in NC. One day she plans to retire and sail along the east coast an adventurer to the end.
As you sit still and feel the sun and the wind and hear the birds and the squirrels, close your eyes and know God is right here with you. Always.
My mini calendar is making slow progress but it's getting closer to being finished with each layout.
I have a proposition I would like to run past all of you. A couple of weeks ago Anjig suggested making a KCCO button to spread the word. I love this idea but I am so ridiculously unacquainted with computers, so how could I do this? I am lucky to be able to pull off posting pictures on a weekly basis! I know you guys are much more computer savvy than I am, and I bet you have an idea of my style from visiting here. So I am thinking of hosting a contest of some kind to make a button for our weekly KCCO posts (and yes, you'll need to tell me the html code and what have you so I know how to post it and share it :p ), and offer some kind of fun prize to the winner. What do you think? Would anyone be interested in doing that? I'll have to think more about it and what kind of prize(s) to offer - maybe craft related? (if any small businesses are reading this and would like to contribute please e-mail me, I would love it!) It's just something I thought I would throw out there... and now I feel silly and insecure for bringing it up. If you all leave me comments telling me I've gone mad, I'll understand. It would just give me a good dose of humility, which (in my eyes)is a healthy thing to receive.
Is autumn here already?
Millie Pulled a Pistol on Santa – De La Soul
We stayed in the east for the third and final brewery of the day, taking the Docklands Light Railway down to Greenwich to visit Meantime's new facility The Old Brewery. This place really acts as the cafeteria of the Naval College Museum, with all the atmosphere and charm of modern museum catering facilities everywhere. It's brightly lit, brightly decorated and has a continuous flow of patrons in and out between the adjoining museum. I sat opposite the gleaming three-tier brewkit, and even that began to annoy. Why would you put the mashtun and kettle at the bottom and then have to force wort up into the fermenters above? I understand from James's article here that the fermenters feed serving tanks in the basement, but it still makes no sense to me.
And the oversized mug of green tea... my morning staple... I gave up coffee a couple of years ago and not a day goes by that I don't crave a drop or ten of espresso... but some things have to be done and that was one of them...
Such of us as wished to learn, never wanted the means. We were always
So, in honor of Valentine's Day, I'm giving away a copy of the anthology Death by Chocolate, which contains 6 stories of love and chocolate, along with a box of chocolates for your enjoyment. You need to live in the U.S., since I don't want to pay through the nose to send this little package out (sorry!).
A nearby landmark is the Baltimore Museum of Art designed by John Russell Pope and built 1927-29 with later additions. A remarkable example of twentieth century classicism, it has an impressive permanent collection that includes the world's largest holding of works by Henri Matisse and several period rooms, all open free to the public. (Incidently, the museum's very popular restaurant Gertrude's served the best crabcakes I have ever eaten).
06 Imagination (Burke, Van Heusen) 2:51
Just for the record, I don't believe that there is any great reward nor do I think there should be----well, not for those who get a fair chance at life---but it would be nice to think that there was seconds for those who got robbed a little early.
so that we may strike day and night,
The hero’s journey model begins with the introduction of the hero and his problem and follow him through several stages until he gets his final reward. “All the great myths have an underlying use as models for testing this story model.”
"Wake us up!" cied out the Member of the European Parliament. "Islam is already in our homes. If we liberate ourselves from the dictatorship of relativism, and we will stop the Islamic invasion! We must rediscover our soul and regain the use of reason. "
I explained to Jen that I was not throwing her a shower, but we were going to do a spa day instead. Because I am the queen of surprises and after having successfully surprised the mother of my god-sons the week before for her 30th birthday, I figured the mother of my god-daughter (soon to be daughters) should share in the surprise vibe that I was feeling.
So, it was decided to lay the segments out on the floor and glue them together.
Crude, rude, vulgar without crossing into true PG-13 territory, that was the only reason people figured this chicken eating promo junkie was in this high profile match. They compared it to Santino Marella being in the Elimination Chamber from the start: sure, the kid had talent, but he wasn’t supposed to have the top title. That would be weird. Instead they saw it as such: standard back and forth, champion gets upper hand, challenger has brief comeback, champion gets upper hand, challenger has motivated and lengthy comeback and finally the champion hits his snooze worthy finisher and delivers a big F.U. to the fans that expected something outside of the routine. That was the fate of Mr. Chicken Promo. That was that fate of Chicken Breast-es-ss.
I just got off the phone with my eighty-three year old grandmother. My Grandma Joy has traveled the world and taught an army of children and welcomed an untold number of strangers to her table. She’s nothing less than pure sunshine—an unfailing radiance and warmth—to just about everyone who knows her.
UPDATE: 19th October, 2o10. Labour Euro MEP Alan Kelly is writing to the Competition Commissioner, Joaquin Almunia, to ask why AIB was given the all-clear in the stress test and only three months later needed an additional €3bn of State funding. “Was the Commission’s stress test really a stress test or was it designed to inject some positive sentiment in the European markets?” he asks.
That's kind of how I feel. I'm Joe in a button factory. Last week, when Michael was gone at an appointment, I found myself feeding Charlie with my left arm, trying to teach Oliver how to hold down a button (ha!) on the Wii remote to make a race car move forward, while steering the cartoon car on my own remote with my right hand. This evening, I had a lion puppet on my left hand chasing Oliver upon request, making a bottle with my right hand, while answering Michael's question about a tampon commercial (uh, whaaaa?). Parenting two presents with the oddest accomplishments of multitasking.
Being more than a century old certainly hasn’t diminished her creativity either. “I can do more things with a tire-swing and a rolling pin than you could ever possibly imagine.”
Please check for the customer reviews of Canon EOS Rebel T3i Digital Camera (Body) + Canon 75-300mm III Lens + Large Case (Black) + 8 GB Card + Card Reader + Extra Battery Pack + 58mm UV Filter + Memory Card Wallet + Cleaning Kit in the merchant’s website by visit the link below.
From Liberia to Egypt: Panelists discussed whether the Arab Spring risked becoming an Arab Winter for women, who were central to the popular uprising but now fear being marginalized.
With my books I have tried to create a different type of vampire series using myself as the main character and so with the help of an excellent cartoonist my true likeness has been changed into a manga cartoon that you will see on the book covers and also inside the books as my book is full to bursting with colour drawings of me and my vampire friends and family.
Happy cleaning! ♥ Jess
Elaine described it as a gorgeous peachy-pink so I was pretty much sold before even reaching the counter. The three of us trooped over the Takashimaya to check it out but ended up buying at Metro and Tangs due to our various vouchers, gift cards and rebates. Lol..
-- from The Every Day Cook and Recipe Book, 1891.
Now, keeping in mind that Year Zero 1964 gave us Number Ones from Vinton (twice! – that’s enough now), Dean Martin, and Lorne Greene (!), the hard facts emerge (and remember, we’ve only been looking at songs that hit the top of the charts; the following rockers enjoyed single success during the same time period- Barrett Strong, Charlie Rich, Miracles, Clarence “Frog Man” Henry, Rosie & The Originals, Freddie Cannon, Sam Cooke, Orlons, Isley Brothers, Booker T and The MG’s, Clyde McPhatter, and many more. Also, this was a time when independent labels and regional sounds reigned supreme- there was always something interesting cooking, and competing with the majors, in the Great Melting Pot): a) there’s always been crap in the Billboard charts, b) Rock Music was alive and well during the early 1960s, and c) we didn’t need the Beatles to save us after all.
Passengers from 28 countries have paid between £2,799 and £5,995 per person for the privilege of retracing the route of the ship involved in probably the world’s most famous maritime disaster.
I know, that’s horrible. I just get distracted with my work and forget about other things. I will be the one at Target a few days before Easter Sunday gathering whatever I can find for their baskets! LOL
It's all quite simple, really.
Recently, the publisher for my Jack Daniels novels told me they were going to package them as an omnibus edition, all six in one ebook. I got excited about this, thinking they were finally getting with the program, telling them that six novels for $9.99, or better yet, $7.99, would really spike my sales.
I walked Abby to our car and called to make sure Bartel's was still open (thank God for cell phones). I was so relieved when they said one doctor was still there and I could bring her in. They all know and love Abby too. A nice policeman lifted Abby into the front seat of our car for me and another one brought Gerard to the hospital shortly after. Once we got Abby admitted and the papers signed for surgery, we went to the hospital to get Gerard's hand looked at.
There were local call letters on his studio microphone.
How have fears held you back from reaching your dreams?
ps Baby Ella and the family are all doing very well adjusting to our life with a new babe. She's such a sweet, easy baby, and we feel so blessed! My posts will still be sporadic, as my main focus is my girls, and of course, the baby, but lucky for me, she is a fabulous napper, so I do manage to get in a bit of blog time!!
Pictures in my mind take me right back to yesterday
While devotionals focus on the Scripture, personal experience pieces focus on the story. How has God used what you learned in a quiet time to help you deal with something in your life? How did you use the Scripture passage to grow through the experience? What did you learn?
A proposal to create a $2.2 billion power transmission line to bring wind and hydroelectric power from Quebec to Astoria is pitting environmentalists and against each another and creating some unusual alliances.
When I was a very young kid, I can remember Gene Autry singing this song about Easter time!
To the 2 cups reserved crumb mixture add 1 cup dark brown sugar and the cinnamon. Mix well and sprinkle the crumbs over the batter. Bake until a wooden skewer inserted in the center comes out clean, approximately 35-40 minutes.
Picked up by the force out on patrol..
Judge Lord Clarke, sitting with Lord Philip, said: "We wish to make it clear that that does not mean he will be released after that period of time. "All that has been done is fixing the period of time that must be spent by the appellant before any consideration can be given to his release."
And look up. You never know what might be up there.
Those little reasons have been lifting my spirits since the result and being a big girl about it, there are some pretty good reasons in there (none of which I really thought hard about when I applied last year!).
Right now this is a form rejection.
...and a variety of other related professionals. By obtaining an accredited online education in environmental sciences you will have the skills you need to enter into the career you long for.
Hi Dawn’s People! Or maybe I should say, “Waqaa Dawn’s People,” since Dawn asked me to tell you all about this Native Alaskan thing called a kuspuk, which is actually spelled “qaspeq” or “gaspeq” if you’re being female-specific. “Kuspuk” is the spelling that helps you know how to pronounce the word. It’s like this: CUSS-PUCK; accent on the first syllable. I’m going to use “qaspeq.” Quaspeqs are worn throughout Alaska’s different Native Alaskan cultures, and different peoples have variations on the theme. I grew up in rural Alaska and am an Aleut, Yup’ik, and white girl mix. I’ll be bloggifying from that tradition/perspective/voice/culture, etc.
laps against the harbour wall.
Finally, I accepted my fate and began the BP-style clean up. I went to the store to purchase an economy-sized pack of paper towels, an arsenal of cleaning products and a silo of Febreze. I had to give this shit monster all I had, and wasn't going down without a fight. By the time I got back to my house, the rest of my roommates had arrived and took turns heckling me for my abortion of a room. I had to clean this up, pronto.
In an exclusive interview with TheWrap, Julia-Levy claimed that his privately-financed documentary, which begins production this week in Mexico, will drop a series of bombshells that look to the future and draw connections between the Mayans and extra-terrestrials.
You’ll see the me you never saw bare.
i am thankful for the poem he read to me at our wedding that micah and jana had framed for us that hangs in our bedroom ....that i try to read everyday to remind myself just how lucky i am.
Once, people lined up for showers. The promise of hygiene or public health seem to get people to go along willingly. But if that doesn’t encourage everyone into line, Homeland Security can declare an emergency and the vaccines would be mandatory.
Zen practice 7 years, New Orleans 3 years, A.A one year- There was a time when I couldn't stay anywhere for more than 5 months.
Michelle Berg
I’d come back swinging
It was a small space, enough for a bed and a desk and her chest of belongings, but it was enough for her time in the city. A year and it would all be in distant memory.
a great pair of heels
It isn't much better today and for the first time
intentions and the desire to serve and even save people, to put their needs ahead of my own and figure out the ways in which I could help. It wasn’t until I failed Nolizwi so dramatically that I realized the trouble with this way of thinking: it puts the onus of action- and responsibility- squarely on my shoulders. And the results of my actions, no matter how good my intentions, are beyond my control. That’s doubly true when my actions were mediated through a series of culture and language barriers I couldn’t ever fully understand. I tried, and tried hard. And I failed.” (155)
For added taste, squeeze the juice of one medium or two small limes. Adjust the sugar accordingly.
I've written about dates and what I think about them here. Mystical meaning or random numbers by some ancient guys who determined our calendar and then changed it around several hundred years ago? I don't know. But interesting dates look cool on wedding invitations. And they could be just the thing to help grooms remember their wedding anniversaries.
Nevermind the evening was a success none the less.
Plus this type of shit always happened to Stewie…. he somehow managed to get raped by a crazy bitch the previous week after getting drugged by her.
ALS Long Range, CS Projectile – 37/40mm
Want to participate? Grab the logo, post your own WoW entry on your blog, and leave your link below!
We'd also like to take a moment to sincerely thank Linda for joining us as our Guest Designer these past weeks. Her unique style and colorful designs have complimented our regular Design Team and we've been simply delighted to share her talents with all of our readers here at The Kraft Journal!
I, too, want to thank Ambassador Ryan Crocker and National Security Advisor Spanta and their teams for the extraordinary work that brought about this day.
them and how they would determine if the students were more successful using
Let's get the party started......
I read through CRUSH CONTROL at lightning speed because I couldn't stop myself! I remember reading about this sale in Publisher's Marketplace and thinking how awesome it sounded, and it didn't disappoint. I loved it!
A different angle – I think I’ll look for a “real” throw in this color. This one is just a piece of fabric from Joanne’s. Or, I might bring in one of my pink linen pillows instead. I am so excited by the changes, all very subtle – just a few pillows truly, but I think it makes a huge difference. It was all an exercise – a fun project to have a little competition with Vamp - but out of that, I’ve gotten a new, fresh look. And along the way, I think I may now finally be able to put my obsession with Jill Brinson away for awhile. I know that every time I see my new pillows, I’ll think of her wonderful, unique house in Atlanta – and instead of being jealous of it, I will see it as inspiration for future projects. And what did Mr. Slippers Socks Man say about the changes?
My husband collects smurfs, not the new badly made models that have recently made a come-back, but the old worn collectable “made in germany” ones scavenged in Hospice shops and Markets. Smurfs that you or I would have played with …..you know…back in the day. His collection has reached about 20 and the smurfs live on top of our old piano, also scavenged in an old dusty garage.
Woo hoo!
Okay, like I said in the beginning, this film knows practically nothing about outer space. The Earth spaceship changes shape five times or so from warm-up to launch to travel, if that gives you any idea. Of course, the big foam rubber space spider is a dead giveaway in and of itself. I halfway expected the astronauts in question to just open up one of the ship windows for a breath of fresh vacuum during their trip.
This worries SHIELD boss Nick Fury (Samuel L Jackson), who sets about assembling a team of specialists to sort the problem out. Already on his books are the crackshot Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) and superspy Black Widow (Scarlett Johanssen), and quick to sign up is chemically-enhanced super-soldier Captain America (Chris Evans – no, UK readers, the other one). Less immediately eager are playboy genius Iron Man (Robert Downey Junior) and brilliant-physicist-stroke-unstoppable-atomic-monster Bruce Banner (not content with doing his usual changing-from-pink-to-green trick, the Hulk has also transformed from Ed Norton to Mark Ruffalo for this outing). Matters are further complicated when Loki’s adoptive brother, Thor (Chris Hemsworth) takes an understandable interest in his activities…
Mano Devi is distraught. A woman in her late 30s, who is dependent on the manual work given by the government to keep her going, Mano Devi of Bunkheta village in Jharkhand’s Ramgarh district has missed work allotted under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) for the fourth day in three weeks.
ON increase in price is due to HST, and transmission and smart meters. It’s not just due to investment in wind. ON has nuclear review which locks up capacity for 50 years if they go with it.
What I loathe about cooking however...is the planning, shopping and yes, the cleaning up.
Romney’s potential path to the Republican nomination relies on a sizable win in New Hampshire, where he owns a summer home and has been laying the ground work for his run since he withdrew from the 2008 presidential race. Though Iowans will be the first to cast ballots on Jan. 3, Romney spent three days touring New Hampshire last week in his campaign bus – hitting as many as six stops in one day. We'll see how it goes. Romney should be okay with a New Hampshire win, and if Ron Paul takes Iowa we all can prepare for an epic attack campaign launched by the GOP political establishment. After that we could see Newt Gingrich raise a challenge in some key states. But the former House Speaker failed to qualify for the Virginia ballot, where the election is scheduled for March 6, which could cause problems for Gingrich if the campaign drags out to the later months of the season.
The blank page or screen/ the last hours of writing a novel, when everything - unbelievably - comes together.
Wouldn’t you know; the little guy got it right away! In clicker training, you click for the smallest try. On the first attempt, we were getting one step. I was clicking him for that, and of course, he would stop to get his carrot and then we would try again.
It's a scary thought. It makes any ideal of a future with love and romance for oneself, dark and lacking hope. Then I discovered the Jaglom's films, ALWAYS(1985) and SOMEONE TO LOVE(1987). I had never seen anything like these two films before or since in my short life.
3. Innamorata
...Not necessarily in that order, but they were all present this weekend.
Paperback: 9780552164139
But I think this kind of material consistency is the exception rather than the rule for many of the things we are interested in. Let’s go back to the Great Red Spot. Surely it is a thing? It has been around since long before you or I were born. Astronomers are readily able to identify it and talk about its shape and location. But a storm like the Great Red Spot does not generally retain all the material contained in it. Stuff comes in, stuff goes out. Back on Earth, we know that a storm can pick up gas molecules, water, houses, people and cows, and dump them elsewhere. Perhaps some molecules stick around with it for the duration of its destructive dance, but plenty of others just hitch a ride for a little while.
From a spiritual standpoint this is...monumentally nourishing.
I tried to savour it, hold on and lovingly caress his flank. It had been a while since I had seen such a specimen, choosing others with a more refined, blander palette. It was sometimes easier that way - less temptation and a bit less guilt. But in this case I was done for. I had succumbed.
We talked about how we need to look at absolutely everything we do and ask ourselves is this what Jesus would do. This includes talking, eating, drinking, giving, loving, feeling, politics, and economics. Then we talked about how we, in our individual lives, strive to be more like Christ causing us to be more alien. The more we strive to be apart from this world, the more alien we become and the more persecutions we receive in return. We need to look at everything we wear and ask if Jesus would be supportive of the labels we so freely wear.
“The actual amended constitution was not submitted to the conference,” Mr Darby said. “That will be submitted to an EGM to be held before the end of this year or early January.”
Done Gone Crazy by Ray Condo & The Ricochets
and thereby i will slightly delay people's requests for re-rips/fixes for the next days...
Cinderella Dreams of the Ball ~ Dancing Lesson & Gavotte ~ Fairy Spring & Fairy Summer ~ Bouree ~ Cinderella at the Castle ~ Galop
FURNITURE (WOOD) POLISH
“Nothing but widespread suffering will produce any effect on Congress… Our only safety is in pursuing a steady course of firm restriction – and I have no doubt that such a course will ultimately lead to restoration of the currency and the re-charter of the bank.” – Nicholas Biddle
I think it's why we're all here.
I hear His voice more now. We talk more frequently. I have more discernment and awareness of God, myself and others. I feel more pain and I am more alive. I am challenged to communicate my heart and fears and to talk about the gray in-betweens in relationship. It’s scary. But within the context of trusting relationship, it’s beautiful and intimate. I’m just touching the edge of communication and mutuality with God and others, but there’s something here I will explore for the rest of my life. Thank you, Japan, for giving so much to me.
The second pouch I used a combination of Katy's tutorial and the zipper insertion tutorial Katy recommended at Sew Sweetness but I cut the zip just a little too short this time, my fault not the tutorial's fault. I'm much happier with the construction of this one, although not so happy with the overall shape. The triangle is made up of 25 paper pieced triangles in Lark by Amy Butler.
I think because I spent so many years in overwhelming adrenaline cascading fear, I kind of felt that all I could do was deal with myself. I thought that if I could just get myself happy, then I could get on with the business of giving a fuck about any one else. But this is about as fulfilling as porn when really what someone is crying out for is love. Connection. Something to make your heart burst and scream and let go and trust and pray and know that wow life is fucking amazing after all. The fairy Godmother was not a psychotic narcissistic bitch out to get you. She was right. You are the fairy tale and life is there to give you all its incredible magic if you can only find the courage to … connect.
love looking around the kitchen, seeing what I have on hand and creating a meal that is simple yet delicious. I love the freshness of Mediterranean-style cooking and most of my recipes reflect that. I have been married for 17 years and am the mother of two girls, ages 15 and 10, who I lovingly refer to as my food testing "guinea pigs". I reside in a small town in Northwestern NJ and graduated from Johnson & Wales University with a B.S. in Hotel/Restaurant Management. I am also awaiting the release of my first cookbook called Carrie’s Experimental Kitchen: A Collection of Mediterranean Inspired Family Meals; which is scheduled to be released in the late summer, early fall of 2012.
The way I see it, if weed was legal here. We’d have one booming tourism industry, I think anyway. If people were going to Holland before, which has neither the beaches and sea like we do, nor the weather/climate but attracting loads of foreigners from far and wide for the sake of cannabis. I could only imagine what we’d be like.
For obvious reasons, I suggest you not play snapdragon this winter. It died out for a number of reasons, not the least of which is safety. If my knuckles are bereft of hair the day after Christmas, though, you know what we’ve been up to over at the Whiskey Forge.
Grant it, this is one of the best marketing ideas a company could have. It is a viral, grass-roots-driven, don’t-wear-shoes-so-people-will-buy-our-shoes-and-we-will-also-give-a-pair-away genius of an idea. And I understand that it does encourage people to buy a product, but it is a product from a company that is not perfect but is at least serious about providing a pair of shoes (and now eyeglasses, too) for people around the world who don’t have one.
But, Owatanassami, this is not just the defining issue of our time. This is a make-or-break moment for my reelection chances. Because what’s at stake is whether this will be a country where working people can earn enough to raise a family, build a modest savings, own a home, secure their retirement — or one where Goldman Sachs owns my slutty ass.
The Gypsy Godmother
The United States should immediately impose sanctions on Russia and China under a US law that punishes major investments in Iran’s energy sector, a senior US lawmaker said Monday.
- Dave Mason: mellotron sur "Factory Girl", shehnai sur "Street Fighting Man"
We were east of Birchwood earlier in the month, when I saw a sign that read, 'Murphy's Flowage.' I had never been to Murphy's Flowage, but I remembered that my grandma used to go fishing there, a lot.
FESTIVALS:
-If natural law is what truly guide the universe, then why are the irrational often seemingly rewarded through cause and effect?
Thank you so much for you patience while I took my little break from blogging. I have definetly taken a step back to spend time with Mike and the girls. There has been big changes in our lives...all good, but still big changes.
The second most obvious difference is the hood. It is made out of aluminum and is much lighter than the plastic hood on the Pet-2. You can see it is rolled on the end. It is very loose and actually quite annoying. There are small clips on the side that one could possibly bend inward to hold it in place, but it would probably only scratch the barrel.
One of you will win this beautiful
Comment! Do you have a favorite type of bird, bird craft, or book featuring any fine feathered friends?
i swear, the woman must have been 100 if she was a day!
Resemblance to the Note store, but here we want it to auto load, it wouldn’t make sense to have user click button to load a selection field. We’ll add in some dummy data at the moment, note that our model field name is the same on we use for the displayField, valueField in NoteEditor view.
The report also forecasts that Spain’s fast-rising public-debt level will peak at 82.3% of GDP in 2013 before falling to 81.5% in 2014.
boiling water 2 cups.
Church is an excellent place to meet women. If there aren’t any single women in the church you go to now, visit other churches until you find one where there are single women. The church itself will provide you with an opportunity to get to know the woman before you ask her for a date. You will be a lot more comfortable and so will she.
Half of them did not consume adequate food or water, some were not washed, others were discharged in a “shambolic” fashion, while in many cases their suffering was ignored.
Kaplan pointed out that, when he had the Coke CEO on his show Rose disclosed Coke's underwriting:
“Bas takki” he shouts at the officer
Marlene P: What kind of research did you have to do for this story?
Posted by Miss Eliza
The weekend of the wedding arrived and I was beyond nervous, not so much to be hanging out, but more so because I thought I would be so obvious and give it away that I liked him. I didn't want to make him feel awkward and ruin our friendship. I made it through lunch, although eye contact was difficult for me. Garba was another story, I felt tingles with just the slightest physical contact, whether he was leaning in to tell me something in my ear because the room was loud or when our knees touched while we were sitting down. It was crazy, I felt like a school girl all over again!
I suspect a fair few of you may have heard this – but this is just as much about promoting the original version as the cover. Space-rockers Failure released the it on their 1996 album Fantastic Planet, one of the best albums of that decade. A Perfect Circle then made their own unique version on Thirteenth Step, massively changing the sound. Both are great, though.
7:36
But now over breathing and dreams.
UMNO was formed in 1946 and since Independence in 1957 has ruled uninterrupted and if truth be told, an envy of many political parties. But it has degenerated. The why and how is not for this article to explore but suffice to say that the Malay community that had pinned its hopes on UMNO for over 50 years must embark on a soul-searching exercise to eradicate this cancer.
Large flap – Closed
As promised, I have created a tutorial for the JustRite Stamps Fan card I made HERE! The fan wow'd so many of you and the emails I received for a tutorial was amazing! I appreciate everyone's kind comments about my fan as I love getting love from you!!!
Cardstock: Real Red & Petty in Pink(Stampin' Up)
And all the men and women merely players;
Coconut Grove was first inhabited in 1825 by an influx of Americans from the Northeastern United States, as well as British and Bahamian immigrants. Formerly an independent city, Coconut Grove became annexed to the city of Miami in 1925. It is Miami’s oldest village and the beautiful architecture, rich tropical flora, artistic community, delightful restaurants, cafés and shops make it a highly desirable place to live … or, at the very least, visit.
Karma is reactive momentum. I can sustain the One Mind for a little while but then life starts calling again, saying, “Make dinner. Tend to your affairs. Write blog posts, etc.” Ok fine, I still have things to do. So do we all or we wouldn’t be here. Nevertheless, however, I know now where I’m going.
In our second podcast of the festive season we chose some of our favourite tunes we've played in this year's transmissions, invited a few friends along to pick some songs too and all drank far too much. The results are a great batch of songs and some pretty sloppy mic work! It was great fun to make and we only actually remember a lot of it after having listened back with sober heads. Thanks to everyone who came along and joined in the festivities. Download one for yourself here.
Accessories: Spellbinders Picot Edge Circles, Labels 17, cream lace, Avocado colored lace, handmade stick pin, seed beads (flower center), hand dyed seam binding, Copics
It’s about 3″ height and 1.75″ on its widest part.
She'll unease you
Damn it's a good thing you came here. I can seriously help you with that shit because I'm old and I know more than you do. Now this will get a little convolute but I don't feel like making it any clearer because I've spent a long fucking time getting it narrowed down this far. So then.
There’s a reason why it’s called “commonsense conservatism.”
I am in the fort/ haveli garden and there is some zamindar (landlord) or stately prince, someone powerful and authoritative. He orders his men to tie my hands and take me away.
I Am is thought provoking, inspiring, uplifting and gives us hope for the human race. I hope more people see this film and take its message to heart. Here is a link to their website with more information.
All tears restrained for years
Robert John Halligan, 59, Basking Ridge, N.J.
What is your fondest memory of working on the movie?
Don't get me wrong. I adore the Internet. I've been able to make connections I wouldn't have otherwise, can research to my heart's content, shop, pay my bills, and much more. But I wonder if we're taking it too far. We're so "plugged in" and there are so many different things we can do that our attention span may very well be diminishing by leaps and bounds. I speak from experience. There are times when I'm clicking on things and skimming the article or video or whatever, then a few seconds later, I'm clicking on something else. I've noticed that instead of taking the time to really read something, I'll skim through it to get the meat of it because there's so much more out there that I want to read. It's sad, really.
Portrait in Sepia ~ by Isabel Allende (Chile)
If we lived in a police state, the looters wouldn't have dared to attack. If we lived in a police state there would be a fair few mouthy students with bruised bones and the EDL would get their backsides handed to them before they even gathered in the car park of the Three Feathers, to protest the corner shop that belongs to a dusky skinned gent who has the temerity to sell news and booze to decent white folk.
And rest in Nature, not the God of Nature:
So last Sunday, my family took a little trip to Winchester. My brother actually studied at Winchester College and managed to get us inside to have a wonder around.
What I’d really want to say is that I’m not sure if I’m a good writer. My spelling is bad. Sometimes my sentences are too long. Sometimes I make errors like mixing up its and it’s. I know the difference, but sometimes I don’t notice these errors, so I guess I should revise like a lot. I like revising, but sometimes when you read something over and over again, your brain goes on auto-correct, and you don’t realize that you corrected the error in your head, but not on your computer.
Americas Airline: American Airlines AAdvantage
This first one is just a classic one, just to get us going on the right foot. It’s just so good, and deals with almost all of the issues that we’re going to be talking about. “Am I a Soldier of the Cross?“
How about this military green cotton Dolce & Gabbana jacket with mock neckline and button closing. Priced at EUR 293 here
ME - You might want to see what the brewery rep has to say about it.
*And of course, most churches have children's and youth programs such as Awana, that are still fairly inexpensive. Some will even have scholarships for folks with financial challenges. Some offer daycare for younger siblings so mom can help, or happen during regular Wednesday church meetings when adult classes are being held, so mom gets a break and a chance to learn, too.
Anthology:
Yes, this mother's day let's pat ourselves on the back for all of the many incredible things we do as women--and most of them one handed! But, I'd also like to take time to reflect how I can be a better mother. Don't get me wrong, I'm about to enjoy some delicious german pancakes from my husband and I will enjoy the pampering that comes today. But I don't want to sit on my laurels. I've been planning this post for awhile and figured today might be a good day to air these thoughts.
04. Prelude to Vai Vedrai
I ask because I am thinking of packing my waffle iron on my holiday trip home. I’m sure I could put it in my checked bag, but perhaps then my clothes would smell like waffles on arrival. This would not be entirely unpleasant.
The main image is a Stampendous stamp called I Love Paris. I've blended DI over it and then flicked water at the image and painted the flowers with Tattered Rose DI. The frill down the side is made from TH Tissue Tape.
I remember once a dim boy in primary school by the name of Louis Carnegie picked up a condom that was lying in the quadrangle and put it on his nose. It attracted a great deal of attention. Oh yes, some teachers said it was “unhygienic” and “disgusting” and a “fool of a thing to do” and some classmates called him “Gooey Louis” and “Louis Franger-Snout” for the rest of his school days, but Louis got exactly what he wanted – I don’t know exactly what that was because he had a great deal of trouble communicating with others, but I know this for sure: if the internet had existed back then, his hilarious little misadventure would have ‘gone viral’ for sure.
Doesn't like to get their picture taken ...They have no front teeth. (I never would have guessed from his picture either)
I don’t know what to think of Aggralan of the Frostwolves. I want to believe she has Thrall’s best interest at heart, but she demonstrates that she has no idea what that is. Rather, she is trying to move Thrall to become what she believes he should be.
22-Tommy's Holiday Camp
A few weeks ago, I participated in a group break over at Cardboard Connections (you didn't think I only hosted group breaks did you)?! Anyhow, I chose the Reds (of course) and ended up with a small pile...but since there were four Barry Larkin cards in the group break, I'm still happy with it!
We need your help!
Safran knows that he’s attracted to Euro-Asians because he’s dated three in the past. He even goes to visit one of his ex’s, who also happens to be a scientist, to find out if there’s any scientific experiment he can conduct to see if he prefers Euro-Asians to Jews. Of course there is, and of course it’s one which involves the smelling of undergarments to see which smell you find most pleasing.
- Excerpt from The Great Gatsby
Warm Welcome Nut Browned Ale
Details: 117 pages (This is an early draft of the script. The situations, characters, and plot may change significantly by the time the film is released. This is not a definitive statement about the project, but rather an analysis of this unique draft as it pertains to the craft of screenwriting).
They were stall neighbours for a year or so before entrepreneurial ambition sent them on their different ways.
12. What is your favorite place to go?
When I asked whether they thought the story was real or not the consensus was that it was real, it had happened (therefore had been worth reading). I tried to get them to see that if they couldn’t tell if it was real or not it must have been credible and wasn't that a good enough reason to read it? That fiction is worth the experience if it is credible and makes you believe in the story and the characters.
The quality of the ostrich feathers are an absolute delight, now I know one can curl feathers using your scissors, similar to curling ribbon when wanting to decorate a gift but the quality is not there. Have to make some inroad into sourcing those as well.
But before we could object, an alarm sounds. It's loud, and it's frightening. It sounds like one of those old-timey air horns, the kind that they sounded in WWII when an air raid was coming.
*High in antioxidants – destroy free-radicals that cause cancer
I will worship at your holy temple
On the one hand, its public policy agenda is essentially a defense of existing arrangements no matter their effectiveness or sustainability, apparently premised on the assumption that American women can’t make cost-benefit calculations or indeed do basic math. In addition to ignoring the taxes that will be required of its businesswoman heroine across her working life, “The Life of Julia” hails a program (Head Start) that may not work at all, touts education spending that hasn’t done much for high school test scores or cut college costs, and never mentions that on the Obama administration’s own budget trajectory, neither Medicare nor Social Security will be able to make good on its promises once today’s 20-something Julias retire.
Why did you choose to write under a pseudonym?
Today 10,000 odd people attended Annaji’s speech at his hamlet Ralegan sidhi , no politician can expect so many followers behind him or her even in a thickly populated city. So obviously what can we expect from such selfish politicians?
The city hopes to expand the Hollaback! app by allowing users to report the catcalling.
How many times have you tried to guess why someone did or didn’t do something, only to discover in the end that you were completely off base? Although some of us are better than others in reading body language and picking up behavioral clues from an individual’s tone and inflection, we are not mind-readers. When we’re unclear about some aspect of the project we’re working on, or we inadvertently stumble upon a new methodology we think our client might like, it’s always best to ask. Remember the Chinese Proverb, “He who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; he who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.”
The last post to this blog touched on the presence of Timely editorials found in 1948 issues of Complete Mystery. These editorials, written by editor-in-chief Stan Lee and most certainly under the direction of publisher Martin Goodman, attempted to deflect criticism away from Timely's newsstand product as the swirling cauldron of societal concern began to focus on comic books. This latest installment grew out of the many private comments I received about those editorials, comments that I prefer be posted publicly to this blog for everyone to read.
written in a time before computers and mobile phones!!!!
I guess this just means I'll have to go back...you tell me if I'll have company or not.
I am quite certain that I did not marry a Snoring Man. If I go back through my files, candidate 77365 (now affectionately known as The Coach), most definitely does not have a tick in the box marked Snorer. I was vigilant with my pre-marital research. No snorers for me, no no.
And I was looking through His eyes, right in through another land.
This army in particular is composed of a general, a unit of knights, 2 units of spearmen, 2 units of archers and a war machine. Every unit is made of 3 bases, except the bolt throwers which are only 2.
Huzzah! I finished up chapter 14 last night. But I did try something new. I’m not sure how many of you know that I write everything by hand first. The feel of the pen to paper really helps me be connected to the story at hand, rather than worrying about the beauty of the prose.
Tomorrow is Easter Day and I'm ringing it in a bit early with a fun pair of projects that are perfect for this special holiday. But keep in mind, this project can be easily translated to other Spring and Summertime occasions.
She wanted some of the cute fluff taken off and we had to be really careful not to have anything that could catch on her silks. She is also super bendy, so I could only put some spiral boning on the side. But I would say that it looks super cute on stage and everyone is happy with it! Making a specialty corset for performing will often require some changes to the usual way of making things. The trick was to make it look corseted without the boning. Not too difficult and I kind of cheated by playing with the side seams in order to make "bendy boning".
I was commissioned to make 2 cards, a bag and a box for the Quickmakes feature of the magazine which you can find on page 35. Here's a shot of my ugly mug, lol! I straightened my hair the day thet piccie was taken.
That week of training had been painful – some of the worst pain Xu Guan had known at the time – but it had proven quite useful. As Xu Guan landed, his knees flexed absorbing much of the shock of the 25 foot fall. Reflexively, Xu Guan dropped onto his buttocks and then onto his back absorbing the remainder of the impact.
1. Must be a Follower
After the grant of Abbott’s patent and after regulatory approval of Abbott's drug Humira®, Centocor filed its claims to fully-human antibodies. Because the patent family disclosing Centocor’s own chimeric antibody was still pending in 2002, Centocor filed the claims as part of a thirteenth application in the family, explicitly claiming human variable regions and fully-human antibodies.
liked to refer to him - the village idiot. One of the
An alphabetical list of all posts so far can be found at the end of this post,
We believe that the Liberal Democrats will then have the most radical policy framework in place to transform Britain, based on what works, so that individuals and families can realise their human potential, and have the confidence to take control of their lives and communities, and to shape them as they choose.
Regarding the speech help - the principal said they would never take a kid out during the extra activities to work with them. I had my permission slip with me, and showed him where it said the help would occur during "recess, music, or library". He didn't know that was there. He insured me it wouldn't happen. I said if it does, I will pull him out immediately. The kicker is the speech pathologist took him the very next day - before I had even returned the permission slip.
95. All skin teeth nah laugh ..Just because someone smiles with you doesn’t mean that you are friends.
Aerial skiing in a skirt: hardcore.
In a side note, I'd like to point out a fun read - free - written by my friend, DC Stultz: "Old Fart's Journal". He has a wild sense of humor and has done some interesting things in his many years on earth. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do! He also participated in the A-Z Challenge, please leave him some comments and encourage him to continue blogging!
Let this place resound with joy,
1) RES Course – Sign up for the Real Estate Salesperson (RES) course with one of the Approved Course Providers in the link below at your estate agent’s HR Dept. You can opt to do it on a full time basis via a day course which is shorter or part time through the evening courses. Different course providers may come up with different materials but the contents should be similar. The day course usually last 4 weeks in a month, after which the exam is taken in the subsequent month – usually 2 weeks after the end of your course, but this may vary depending on the timetable. Costs – about SGD 850. Payment options are NETS, cash or cheque.
As for now, I am using a free program available through the Orlando Library to brush up on my Korean (it’s very difficult). I’m also reading up on the customs of the peninsular country. Some of the more peculiar things I’ve read about thus far have been the unusual live seafood markets and the fact that you should never leave chopsticks erect in a bowl of rice when finished with a meal. This, to the people of Korea, closely resembles an offering that is commonly placed on the graves of loved ones. The offering is usually a bowl of white rice with an stick of incense lit and placed into it.
Keep me posted with the confirmation control number and the full details which you used in sending the money
Arguably if this type of rhetoric were more common rather than the bollocks of “responsible and controlled environments” I would be more inclined to support a “save our pubs” campaign, though no more inclined to visit one. I would want them saved for the reprobates that use them by way of ensuring such types were off the street and away from decent law abiding folk.
I was lucky enough to score a Q&A session with the author, Robin Becker:
The last 100 years of Norfolk history has been filled with a wide variety of issues ranging from corruption to revitalization, problems in race relations to modern day communities, and everything in between. What locality hasn’t had some form of those same characteristics? It is Norfolk’s unique history to those characteristics that make me keep living in it everyday, and honestly loving every minute of it. Additionally, Norfolk is a transient city, being home to the largest naval installation in the world, finding a “local” is far and few between, and in some cases, it’s unexpected.
I am satisfied in you.
"The Marrow Song."
The above rather lovely line of dance is exactly what you would expect British dancers to do, given the choice, if they just behaved normally and made tango their own, something they do for fun in their own warm and fuzzy way for their own reasons, and might do rather well if they put some work in - instead of treating it as some exotic bullshit that isn't supposed to make sense.
“Either they didn’t get the rain up here that we did down south or these roads dry out exceptionally fast,” Tanner remembered thinking later.
03. Catch Me Now I'm Falling
A few years later saw Millie Small's joyful ‘My Boy Lollipop’ hitting the charts, riding a wave that included Prince Buster, John Holt, Ken Boothe, Desmond Dekker and Jimmy Cliff. From these great moments, one of the most awful sub-genres, loomed. Calypso required huge bands and great skill, but reggae was much easier to recreate to the ears of the uneducated. Reggae sounded like two chords, a jaunty bass line and required a singer to pipe “dat” instead of “that”. While The Beatles's 'Ob la di, Ob la da' is likely the first massive 'cod reggae' hit, it inspired Marmalade's cover version which was likely totally unnecessary (though it may be better than Sir Paul's version and hit #1 in the U.K. pop charts in 1969!).
Cinderella’s story stuck in my head for a long time and I pursued many avenues to have a magical princess-like existence. I worked hard, joined clubs, and watched what I ate. I even went to fancy parties where I could wear ball gowns, eat expensive pieces of chicken, and dance into the night. It took a lot of work to look like a princess. It was even harder trying to be one. In fact, most of the time, it was impossible.
Read the Roman-Raphaelson book on writing. Read it three times
My training got derailed the past few weeks...
63 2. Book Review: Albert F. Blaustein and Charles O. Porter, The American Lawyer, A Summary of the Survey of the Legal Profession (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1954). Lawyers Guild Review, vol. 14, pp. 178-81 (1954).
Cognitive dissonance in this case is related to the hiring manager’s construct of what a woman should be. The more dissonant the target is with that concept of “what a woman should be” the more negatively the candidate is viewed. This is an extremely discouraging effect that occurs, and I wish it did not occur at all. However, the study was still quite amazing for what it was able to show.
According to David, Penguin’s self-publish arm is ‘actively targeting inexperienced writers’. They say they are offering the lure, oops opportunity, for young writers to ‘make a name for themselves.’
When I turn to dust and insect food
clean kills: in a night war a canyon a crab
This week it is my turn to host and I have chosen the theme 'Favourite Things', so all you need to do is add one or more of your favourite things to your creations. The DT have made some gorgeous cards for your inspiration so if you could drop by and give them some love I am sure it would be appreciated.
IAM Blog, "China's national patent strategy poses challenges for policy makers and businesses alike" (link)
Colour tone modes: normal, sepia, black & white, vivid, negative
Indian markets had shown range bound movement since last 3 weeks or more. 5197-5339 is still trading zone for Indian markets and any significant move will only come if markets break on either side of these level. On last Friday as we were expecting market to face some resistance at 5339 and profit-booking possibilities were heavy as Nifty is not expected to sustain for long time to stay close to 5339 without sustainable up move over 5339 it eventually fell from the highs and gave closing below 5300 after making good intraday low. Pull back was also sharp and with improved sentiments in the US and European markets, our markets may be expected to perform well on Monday if stays in Green
Since Zafaria came out, I have been questing ALOT in there and I am on the verge of a Transdecended wizard! Zafaria has to be my favourite world yet, it’s fabulous! The scenery is beautiful and exotic and the storyline is interesting and drags you into it!
it also applies to the U.S.A., U.K. and Australia.
“Very hard to explain why you were mad, even if you were not mad”
I am replacing Mulan with Wall-E. I loved this film from the first time I saw it for it's sweetness, humor, and social commentary. I think it works on so many levels but especially as both a cautionary tale and a heart-warmer.
(the graph contains two runs, called 'plot' and 'plot.1', plus the combination of both runs in Blue)
On the other hand, if human life is a spectrum as I postulated a few days ago, then perhaps the spectrum of a human life is the same sort of spectrum as light — beginning long before the visible part appears and ending long after the visible part disappears. Of course, the non-visible parts of the electromagnetic spectrum aren’t light but sound and radiation and other invisible waves, so whatever exists outside of the visible human spectrum might be something completely different from we can ever imagine.
Replace the hand towel with a clean one (please do this at least once a day with many kids around!).
Then suddenly, one day in his late forties, he gave up everything except prayer. He died the next year.
I could have done without the snow, however.
How’s this for a dirty little secret: those carefully calculated, professionally designed, developed and executed grades & grading systems … Not so much.
This shit's really getting to me
i found this one on 1stdibs.com. it is from 1940 and it is beautiful! i wished i owned one like this. most of the baskets i've purchased on ebay are under $20, although i've seen them get as hight as $150+.
If the plan is to rescue the existing club, then there must also be:-
Across the Atlantic, capitalism’s decay is seen in Europe’s barbaric austerity programs, especially in Greece–and in the revolts against these conditions. What Greeks are calling the dictatorship of European capital, with Germany in the lead, has forced on their country an austerity program that includes firing one-fifth of public employees, cutting the minimum wage by 22%, and slashing pensions. Those are only highlights of the latest round of austerity, imposed at a time when youth unemployment is near 50%, the suicide rate has shot up, stores are closing in droves, and many people who still have jobs have not been paid in months.
And I have no ideas that involve unicorns.
And then the real chaos began.
Neilo… Tina (Rob’s widow – and how sad is it to use that word) is standing on a chair, watering a straggling plant by the window, absent-mindedly plucking off some of its withered leaves. Why don’t we go and have a pizza first, then we can go off together and be really fashionably late?
I feel guilty for leisure, embarrassed by free time, and apologetic for fun.
You probably wouldn't guess it looking at my over-stuffed wardrobe (hey, it's tiny), but I am so not a shopper. I like new clothes, but the process of buying them? Not so much.
I'm mad at the owners, not the dogs. It nature. It's pack mentality. It's what dogs do when they congregate and are left to roam around the countryside. Our society has a bad habit of humanizing animals. Just ask the Dog Whisperer, he'll tell you. Big mistake when you forget a dog is a dog.
Hell, I know plenty of people, recent college graduates and graduates who’ve been out of school for years, that aren’t using their degree. Not because they don’t want to, but because they can’t. Let’s face it, for 80% of college graduates, a degree isn’t worth the piece of paper it’s written on.
“And I’m the change,” says Bro.
So, out of the blue, here D walks up to the register area. Instantly, without even thinking, and with a huge, warm smile, I say, "Hey you!!" and move towards her, arms open and hoping for a hug of welcome.
The object is moved in small increments between individually photographed frames, creating the illusion of movement when the series of frames is played as a continuous sequence.
9. Diane Kordas Diamond Embellished 18K Black Gold Arabesque Ring: The black gold base of this ring carries an antique sentiment with its multiple diamond settings and stunning arabesque, filigree design. There’s no need for any other ornamentation of the hands or arms with this sophisticated conversation piece twinkling on your finger.
She cheered for me..............
Chuckcolson.org says of him, “Chuck’s life is a testimony to God’ power to forgive, redeem and transform.“
I'm excited about starting with a blank slate! Did I mention that I want to complete this project on a very strict budget? I have lots of ideas for re-purposing old furniture.
I'm going to refer to Cialdini's example of canned laughter. With your influence radar switched on, canned laughter is a ridiculous artificial contruct. But you'll likely find that most of the successful TV sitcoms are continuously swaddled in the stuff. Friends, for example. Compare that with the true life audience mirth of Fawlty Towers or Monty Python (who? okay, you're not all as ancient as me) or live comedy.
I had a few times where I would drop the glasses behind my bed or nightstand, or they went skittering across the floor, and after several minutes of increasing frustration, I would have to call a parent (or, in later years, amused roommate) to have them find the glasses.
At the time my grandparents had a dog, bit of a mixed breed, her name was Judy. My grandfather used to go fishing for trout, he never caught the fish for himself, always for Judy. He'd bring them home, clean them and cook them then feed them to Judy.
deep in cool forest, spill the secret jubilations—
- I saved the best for last: HUGGING my husband's neck and kissing his sweet face!!!! He's chosen to take an early R&R to try to be here for the birth of Bennett! Now you know why "couch rest" is a must! I want nothing more in life than to have him next to me as we welcome our first baby into the world! I daydream about it alllll the time..how awesome it would be to have him drive us home from the hospital as a family of "3"! Ahh, I can barely wait to see him!!
“We now know why patients with CFS are so sick: it’s because a very basic and important control centre in the brain is almost certainly affected. And this is without factoring in already known problems with their peripheral immune system.”
Hey there! So I weighed in at weight watchers and I was down another pound yay! I pretty much drug myself to spin class this week and made myself walk the dog and it paid off. I mean who could resist this face?
1379 **D-IV/6(B)/2001. “Deuteronomy 4:5-6 and Its Implications for Natural Justice.” South Dakota Law Review Banquet Honoring Roger L. Wollman, Chief Judge, United States Court of Appeal, Eighth Circuit, Sioux Falls, South Dakota. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(5), above, pp. 751-57.)
21
“My dear Arjuna, one who is engaged in My pure devotional service, free from the contamination of previous activities and from mental speculation, who is friendly to every living entity, certainly comes to Me.” (Bg. 11.55)
Out of Control, by Shannon McKenna (Kindle edition) - The third in the series about 4 brothers, Davy McCloud meets Margo Vetter and it's all over. Margo isn't really Margot but Davy doesn't find that out for a long time, and unfortunately I really didn't like Margot's character. That made the book not very enjoyable, so while I read it all just because it was #4 and I'd read numbers 1 through 3, I really didn't enjoy it. I don't know which came first in the series so perhaps this was just an earlier book, because I did like one or two of the other four...
Even the way she writes now is furious, scrawled angrily rather than written with care. It isn’t so much a want as a demand.
I guess Spring is here - if the calendar didn't say Spring Break, I wouldn't be looking for it.
My reason to breath again
I carry her in my heart, in my memories, in the very brink of my soul. She is with me everywhere I go, and I see her in small moments of each day. Tonight, felt like a breakthrough for me, a small one yes, but a breakthrough nonetheless. I let myself feel something tonight. Something I have not allowed myself to do in quite some time. We all get so busy in our everyday lives we forget to ALLOW ourselves these small moments to ourselves. I only wish I had done it sooner.. but somehow this was the right time. I'm not sure I could have handled it sooner. And somehow I have felt a little closer to her.
Best of all, once you've popped the hen into the oven, you can goof off. It's the perfect recipe for people who are hungry but exhausted.
Luckily, I see the NP tomorrow afternoon. If the heaviness doesn't go away when I lie down tonight, I will call the OB's office and talk to the nurse/doctor on call.
This is Deborah's pattern, I plan on making it and changing it a little by adding inspirational words to the stones. Deborah has done that in one of her patterns and she said it was ok, if I used her idea in my piece.
You know, there is nothing wrong with "please" and "thank you"; in fact, I use each of them several times a day, and I actually mean it when I say them. I speak those words with joy and deep gratitude that comes from a knowledge that so many of the good things that happen in our lives are the result of the thoughtful actions of others, and in addition to "paying forward" these kindnesses, I also want to drop a nice appreciation, right there on the spot for everyone to see. But as cool and wonderful as "please" and "thank you" are, there is absolutely nothing magic about them.
high sounding interpretation can be put upon them but because they are
i had been searching for a cute little coffee mug holder like sfgirlbybay had in her kitchen in the "DIY magazine" spread, and found an ugly forest green and wood one at a thrift store the other day for $2. there were some really cute options on etsy like this one in LadyFran's shop, but i couldn't resist the $2 option, and since i already had white spraypaint on hand at home, it was a win-win. sorry i didn't take a before pic, but just picture a 1995-mountain-home-style coffee mug holder. yeah.
Dear haters quoting Wikipedia articles to compare if Black Spider came before Spider-Man or not… regardless of who came first, it’s pretty obvious that in terms of the episode itself, Spider-Man was clearly being referenced. From the mentioning of a reporter, to the exact phrase “web-slinging” used, to using the voice-actor that last voiced Spidey in animated form along with the majority of the cast from that series in bit roles for Young Justice… I know the use of exact dates in the series makes people wonder if the creative team behind YJ was aware that the episodes wouldn’t be playing anywhere near the dates mentioned in the episode, but seeing this ripoff Spidey making a cameo the same weekend that Disney XD premiered Ultimate Spider-Man makes me think otherwise. DC, you trolls.
While the above is true for loose tea, most tea available in the market are produced by machines via the CTC method, which stands for crush, tear, and curl. CTC speeds up the process and enables tea to be mass produced and therefore lowers the prices. The tea in tea bag form are probably produced with the CTC method. CTC tea are often associated with inferior quality teas but it makes tea more affordable. In fact, some of the most delicious tea drinks such as masala chai tea or Malaysian teh tarik (pulled tea) were made popular when they were made with CTC tea.
The Insanity Clause
Last weekend a 29-yr-old homeless guy in Penryn, CA broke into a bar that had gone out of business. He bought a six-pack of beer across the street, got into the vacant bar, put up an “Open” sign and began serving customers. With that initial six-pack income being reinvested he was open for four days before the police got wind of what was happening. But at that point he had over $1300 in cash and merchandise.
“O” never really seriously dated anyone all those years. “K” was in a serious relationship. The two of them did not see eye-to-eye and really “K” did not fulfill any obligations as a father, despite his parents attempts.
i dont really know how i got on to the subject of crying. i didnt mean for this post to be totally and completely blubberish but i just needed to write. i needed to write to let out my words and feelings so that i dont bottle them in.
After the 5k I still had about a mile of walking left to get back to my house and after a few minutes of catching my breath I decided that it would be a good idea to jog back at a slow pace. I made it two steps before my calves sent a not-so-subtle reminder to my brain that they were done for the day and I should consider myself lucky that they were letting me walk back to the house….
This broad path supercedes particular courses for which students have willingly and/or unwillingly registered. As I tell my (required) Play Script Interpretation class on the first day of the term, “It doesn’t matter to me what subject I teach.”
Love is deep and love is strong
But others are less forgiving, noting, among other things, that the resolution does nothing to prevent the continued use of anti-Jewish materials in the schools of Saudi Arabia (where the Protocols of Zion are treated as fact, thereby absolving Saudis of charges of “racism”) or the ongoing persecution of Jews and Christians in numerous Muslim countries. And yet, ironically,it was exactly those same countries who initiated the motion, as put forth in its initial drafts by the General Assembly, with expressions of concern for “cases motivated by Islamophobia, Judeophobia, and Christanophobia.”
Here's an old photo and a postcard of the first May Day event at Bryn Mawr in 1900.
I've been so busy the last few weeks that I didn't manage to comment on these two productions when they happened. Full reviews seem beside the point now that they're both over, but I did want to post a few thoughts on them.
The last time I saw the animal it was being stuffed, rather indecorously, into the trunk of the taxi bearing Candy and Bob to the Gare du Nord for their trip to London. For some reason, they decided against taking the metro.
Release Date: September 23rd , 2008
So, for the past few months I've curiously silent (very unlike me) whilst I was reading my way through 182 of the finest Young Adult fiction readers cared to nominate. That part of my life is now, sadly, over. But, some loose ends remain!
Wherever he thinks the child is now, he evidently at least thinks it will just be burnt to a crisp in October 21 if it’s not already in heaven.
With the alcohol I consumed yesterday, I try to hold onto my sore insides as I open my eyes
The looming Fall weather provided me with an opportunity to take stock of all of our winter wardrobes. Her Majesty is in good shape, thanks to the generosity of Gatling Gun, who shipped me 5(!) boxes of hand-me-downs from her daughter about a month ago. Sweaters, jeans, little wool skirts, long-sleeved T-shirts, socks, shoes, and even a fluffy lavender winter coat, all 4 and 5T. We are rich beyond belief in fall/winter clothes for H.M.
For my sanity – it’s time to move on – it really is.
yellow rapeseed field through my window,
I absolutely love thunder storms. When my brothers and I were kids, it was a big thing to go around the house and unplug anything that could get fried from an electrical surge. We’d then check all the windows, to make sure it wasn’t raining in (we didn’t have air conditioning, so the windows were always open). Then, the whole family would gather on the back screened-porch to watch the storm. Frequently, the grove of trees in the meadow behind our house would get struck by lightning. We’d expectantly wait for the loud crack and the smell of ozone. If we were lucky, it would still be raining after the thunder and lightning passed. My brothers and I would barrel out the screen door and play tag or ball in the rain.
in your childhood. And in some ways, maybe music does the same
So they sold possessions. They bought the best presents and provisions for the journey. These easterners traveled west in past the borders of the Roman Empire, farther west than they'd ever been before, and found--nothing. There was Herod, yes, this was Jerusalem, sure enough. But no crying baby. Not even a toddler crawling around the floor. They'd been wrong, absolutely wrong. It was obvious--no king had been born in this house; there was nothing any star could do to change the reality that was right before their eyes!
As part of the extensive doctor's visit yesterday, I also had plenty of blood drawn to check my iron. Unsurprisingly, my hemoglobin and hematocrit levels were very low - meaning I'm anemic. Symptoms of this can vary but for most people it's an issue of fatigue. It's likely related to the fact that I'm not absorbing iron correctly, but in the meantime I should be eating an iron rich-diet to boost my energy.
When I was twelve we moved back to Vancouver to a house at 6243 East Boulevard. (Kerrisdale area). Lena married Al Campbell about two weeks later, November 21, 1934. For their wedding dinner mom cooked the huge turkey gobbler that we had brought down with us…. That was the one that used to attack us…. Then they headed back to Al’s ranch in Beaver Valley.
like Dallas in the middle of California
The inquiry will also look into how the course made it into Joint Forces Staff College curriculum, the faiths of the complaining officers, and whether any other courses have content that is offensive to Islam or other religions or cultures.
Wearing a wristwatch or having a pocket watch is a very important accessory of a person because it tells time. Some watches can tell the date, month, year, the day and have other features. Although now a days, you have your mobile phones or laptops to tell time that you don’t have to wear it anywhere.
Source: The Times of India
At the end of the planning time we get to see the first rough draft of a few of the skit days (what's done in the opening of club)...see below.
I have missed my husband … my boys have missed their father … and we all have missed our time together.
O’Donnell, M 2012, Journalism and the popular: myth, narrative and the sphere of public imagination, lecture, BCM112, Convergent Media Practices, University of Wollongong, delivered on 30th April.
3. Squirt lime juice over top of onions until the onions are about 1/4th covered.
Koda Kumi – Poppin’ Love Cocktail ft. TEEDA (Out of all the songs Kuu released this year (and there were a lot), this song has surprisingly become my favorite. Majority of the lyrics in this song are full of lulz, and yet I can listen to this song on repeat for hours. It’s just such a great pop song.(had to post the live version. Sorry.))
to really have fun with your photo's.
Four grey walls, and four grey towers,
“This is a message from the public awareness department of the Jamatu Ahlis sunnah lil daawati wal jihad, a group engaged in jihad in Nigeria.
Media Opportunities:
This is not a monster movie and blurby lines like this do it a disservice, “The nightmare from the deep is still lurking – more carnivorous and hungry than ever.”
In the words of Carrie Bradshaw, " I've been cheating on fashion with furniture". We may not have a house just yet, but that doesn't mean that I haven't been dreaming and pinning as though we do! The downside to renting for the past 8 years, is that I've never been able to pick out paint colors or make modifications to a home. Suddenly, we'll be in a place where I can do whatever I want ( as long as Johnny okay's it of course!). To help stream line my thoughts I've been pinning every image that I think could work in a future home.
That aside, I have been baking up a storm lately. We have made the move entirely away from most processed foods, yes, again, now that the fridge is working quite well. I have even shifted our eating towards eating more mainly vegetarian meals. I am not entirely sure why someone felt the need to re-brand eating less meat as "flexatarian" other than for marketing purposes.
So here are some of things I picked up while I was away…
Here's a quick look at before...
“She ran The Downhill Trading Company, which had jewelry and clothes and crafts of all kinds. It really made the town quite famous at the time and it got written up in one of the newspapers. Then she helped run Emilianos, the clothing shop that was owned Ava Guitterez.
Preparations for the elections appear to have gone high gear now with Najib making popular announcements almost every few days.
to be one at thirty is proof of want of head."
Being away from Matt is hard. Really hard. I know this one shouldn't surprise me, but it has. I knew being apart for this year would be hard, but I counted on weekend visits to reenergize me and get me going. I consider myself to be a strong independent woman, and I've never wanted to rely on a man (or anyone else for that matter) for happiness or strength. I of course love that Matt contributes to my happiness and strength, but prior to internship, I didn't really like the idea of relying on him for those things. But after the past 6 months, I've calmed down about that and realized that it is ok to rely on your partner to be a source of energy and joy. Not my only source of course, but a big one. Matt is definitely a big support, and being apart has taught me that's not just okay...that's totally awesome.
We know that they wonder how long we’ll be here.
The original PlayStation and Super Nintendo got it right. Their games were simple, easy to understand and fun to play. There was no need for a strategy guide or any of that. You go from point A to point B and that is why those games were simple, but still so much fun to play. Mario, Crash Bandicoot, Spyro, Sonic, Pac-Man and Street Fighter all revolutionized the video game world. That is why these popular titles are still around today. They had the easy, fun concept that gamers loved.
*admires their very good plots*
Big fenders look cool on bikes, but even as a kid I always thought that most were overkill. I knew this bike needed fenders to pull off the look I was shooting for, and came up with a simple solution for modifying them.
During the two hours I was there a lot of people came and went. By the time my wife dragged me out, they weren't even letting people into the bar anymore. Never seen a brewpub that needed a velvet rope, but there's a first time for everything. I didn't want to go, but didn't have a choice as she probably would have left me there. I did spend an hour of the two chatting randomly with people. Got to meet some really nice guys, two of whom worked at a nearby winery, and another who is a bartender at Bear Republic. They probably thought I was crazy (or just drunk) when I wrote their names down right in from of them but I always forget so it's just easier.
Buses run to: Rijeka (3hr., 1 per day, 120kn); Split (3hr., 7 per day, 150kn); Zadar (2hr., 6 per day, 72kn); Zagreb (2hr., 9 per day, 70kn). Most bus drivers let passengers off at the park’s main entrance. Tourist offices offer maps and exchange currency for a 1.5% commission at each of the three entrances. (☎023 751 026; www.np-plitvicka-jezera.hr. Open daily 7am-10pm. Park open daily July-Aug. 7am-8pm; May-June 7am-7pm; Apr.-Oct. 110kn, students 55kn; Nov.-Mar. 70kn/40kn. Tour guide 700kn, min. 4hr. for groups only. MC/V.) To get to the main info center from the bus stop, walk toward the pedestrian overpass; crossing the road can be dangerous.
In like manner the Lord accosted his own disciples for their lack of understanding in Mark 8:17-18. Keep in mind that the Holy Spirit had not yet been given so their understanding was only physical. He said to them,
* If an Encounter Table listed a Shift-event for all within x' radius, would the GM, rolling in the open, be obliged to use the Shift result as indicated by the roll?
I believe that choosing the right sponsor is kind of a big deal.
The Karate Kid (1984) is a classic movie but even this could be accused of reinforcing a negative image of Martial arts. Rumour has it that the role of John Kreese (the unethical Sensei of the vicious Cobra Kai dojo) was turned down by Chuck Norris for exactly this reason, although Norris has further since denied this. No one can deny that the Cobra Kai portray the worst, most corrupt style of Martial Arts, although this is essential to the plot of the movie. The Karate Kid was given a modern twist in a remake in 2010 starring the legendary Jackie Chan and Jaden Smith (son of actor Will Smith.)
Number three was a Weihenstephaner Pilsner – long time favourite and a great beer for lots of occasions. Just what occasions I’d be hosting on my deserted island, I’m not quite sure, but, you know ... you never know. Maybe Debbe Dunning (Heidi, the 2nd tool girl from Home Improvement) would turn up for dinner one day. (She’s ANOTHER – not giving away the third!)
I won't buy it again, but if I was asked to name my favorite oak aged beer, this would be it. Right after Oak Aged Yeti. Suck it, Scots.
Making the decision to work with Active.
“And yes, once I even let my girls eat a whole bag of candy in one sitting, and you know what, it didn’t kill them AND they’ve never asked again!!
“Why do I get the feeling,” I asked him, “that if we have this conversation a couple of years from now, you will not be sitting here as a Republican?”
quotes:
This season however I did decide to invest in some red for a hoot. “Colour-blocking?” a friend enquired suspiciously of my pillarbox Acne maxi skirt. “No, colour-diluting,” I affirmed, keen to point the presence of a white tank top and black leather jacket. “I’d like to retain my eye sight a while longer if possible.”
STAR Air Façade Grant Application
It wasn't until I moved to London when I was 20, and started recording on my own, that I finally didn't have to make compromises and could write songs the way I wanted them.
The last thing I would like to touch on is this... There is a lot of "information" available, especially with the internet. Be it how to start solids, how much a child should be eating, anything...you can find several "rules" that should be followed. The truth is though, that every parent and every child is different. What works for one child may not work for another. During the time that Lil Man was not gaining, and even losing, weight- I became obsessed with his intake. Weighing him before and after each feeding, tracking the amount and frequency of his intake. Around 4 months of age though he was not fitting the "requirements" that I had researched and seen online. I worried a little. At his 6 month appointment I expressed my concerns to his pediatrician. Lil Man was only taking in 20 oz a day. Everywhere said he should be getting at least 24 oz- maybe even more since he was combo fed. The pediatrician looked at me and said "Your son is perfectly proportionate. If he were to eat any more than he is now, he would probably be overweight for his height. There is no such thing as a "rule" when it comes to babies. They are as individual as adults and sometimes we forget that." So considering the debate on solids at 4 months or wait until 6 months, how much a child should eat until what age, and more....remember, all the research in the world does not mean that is how YOUR child should eat...or someone else's child.
A rusting metal overhang
NtH accused me earlier of being unable to follow the puck. Guilty as charged. Honestly, I'm surprised anyone can follow the puck. Compared to the size of the sticks, pads, and people, it's pretty tiny. And if I can't follow who has what where and when, then fuck that shit.
I’m excited that I might soon be able to get up on the bed all by myself. It’s just a little too tall for me, still. But I’ve also gotten into the tub, which is only a few inches shorter than the bed. I keep trying…. one day I’ll get up there.
So! … Pete calls me on this fine Monday morning, which was the day after we had returned from our awesome overnight camping adventure (coming soon), and says “Hey dude, wanna hike?”. And I replied “For sure!”
Well I hope you got a positive vibe from this little project. Please if you have a little time come visit the Paper Temptress community blog…lots of spring inspiration for you.
To its credit, UNESCO does have an Ethics Office, which in its 2009-2010 annual report bluntly noted “a failure by employees at all levels to take responsibility for their work.” That’s no surprise, given the findings in the same report that many of UNESCO’s employees don’t know what they are supposed to be doing. The Ethics Office further reported receiving “more and more complaints” about UNESCO employees “inappropriately using their diplomatic immunity” to show “non-respect of private legal and financial obligations.” In other words, they were abusing UN privileges to break local laws.
xxoo!
Now I have been informed by my sister that we are just around the corner from worst case scenario; that we have to find her a new place to live; that we have to take control of her finances; that if she can’t work I may have to quit school and help take care of her full time, and Tex and I will not be able to start our lives together.
The water levels of the Swift Current Creek and Frenchman River vary considerably, so the length of your tour may depend on the water levels, John will keep you up to date prior to your tour. Otherwise, the only thing that might deter you is rain and wind – and even then it’s still fun to go!
She was fiercely independent, hence her extensive travels. For her, work and family were not on her priority list, thus she still did not have a permanent job or a steady partner, nor did she have any thoughts of having them, despite being in her thirties. She followed her heart and her heart told her to be free- free from societal conventions, free from everything.
Happy anniversary, Cyn and Jenna!
27 audience and intro to encore 4:15
Generally, BMX Young man is really a awesome game to play online for free, anytime. Nearly all gamers can uncover that it can entail a great amount of buy swtor credits effort and time to obtain warm using game play, and turn into seasoned advertising. Therefore, I wouldn’t lawyer farmville for the kids below ten years previous. Apart from of the online game difficulty quantities, it can be absolutely secure for your family members, mainly with regard to Fans of bikes. Game enthusiasts can also be encouraged never to become carried away with the software and also goal these kinds of airborne tricks in your house. For those who would like to take a leap of faith inside discipline, you should take into account the load associated with applying just about all security precautions. Going down over a game on swtor credits the internet won’t hurt, nevertheless it can be quite a thoroughly painful knowledge in the discipline.
Against him stood two Manchukin infantry divisions, and 75,000 Japanese. Zhukov struck, separating out, double encircling the 23ID Japanese, and destroying that division. At this point, the Japanese stopped all action, began peace talks and signed a cease fire on 15 September. Soviet casualties were 23k, with one third killed, while Japanese casualties were in the neighborhood of 45k, with the majority killed, as the Japanese would not surrender.
Security is the big issue with online shopping, and it’s crucial to be careful. You can minimise your risk of fraud by using reputable and well-known online brands. These websites have stringent security processes in place, and similar returns and refund policies to major high street stores. If you’re spending a lot of money on a product then use a credit card for extra security. Large purchases are typically protected by credit card companies.
Here's where things get a little ridiculous. This actually should have been a $0 project because I had all the supplies on hand that I needed. I have a big stash of embroidery floss but halfway through embroidering, I ran out and realized I didn't have any more white in my sewing supplies. Before I headed out to purchase more I double checked the color on the label just to make sure it wasn't "ecru" or some non-white version of white and guess white...what I thought was white was actually...
Universal suffrage is not to be conflated with freedom.
When she got to me, she looked back at the girls, who were now assaulting a coin-operated rocking horse. The lady asked, in German, 'Where is their mother from?'
This eight by fourteen inch tool carrier features 3 inside compartments with 45 pockets and tool holders. Innovative tool organization featuring upright storage and quick access as well as protection for your most commonly used tools.
I am afraid. I am afraid I will never be ok. I’m afraid things will always be this way. I’m afraid that therapy just makes it all worse. I find myself questioning why I would even want to “go back there” (to the memories). It’s not going to change anything. I’ve still been raped and torn apart…..”shat” upon and hurt. Why should I “dwell” on it. I’m frustrated because the more I see clearly, the worse I feel. I’m so afraid.
Above all, though, just listen to the way she plays Chopin. Intelligence and delineation is just the start of it: there's colour, freshness, joy and tremendous love.
What will work for you? If you’re looking for something and you’re trying different things, remember:
But I do love reading about the way people live, and what I love more than how-I-grew-up memoirs, are George Plimpton-esque experiments that lead to interesting experiences and fabulously wonderful reading. Because of this, I’m hoping to embark on an interesting journey and then blog about it.
The point I’m trying to make here is that perhaps readers should get off their *ahem* high horses and realize that authors (and editors) are just like everyone else. They’re human. They make mistakes. Typos are everywhere!
Clear and straw. Big white poofy head. Oh yes lord. Huge piney/citrus/grassy hops. Very fresh and a DRINK NOW IPA. The beer is just barely balanced with the malt, and has the right crispness to keep from being cloying on the palate. Has that steely malt feel to it. Yes sir yes sir. It is extremely strong, a pinch acidic, and yet jumps right off. I just need some spicy crawfish from Hanks or some chicken from Fainmous BBQ with the hot BBQ sauce and I'm in there. High 4 stars.
CHA National Craft Month Logo
I was imagining chewy and sweet deliciousness, but these were a little dry. I love love macaroons and wanted to try this "healthier" version. I guess the condensed milk in regular macaroon makes a big difference.
A little about us:
Then Banal was replaced by Luigi Trillo.
Comments: The male gaze converges with the scientist’s gaze.
b) DB Rows x 20
Should a publisher ever pay for shelf space in a bookstore, even if the publisher is the author?
Though the food was invariably notably inferior to that on offer at both the Posh Pub and in some cases the Bog Standard Pub,they were unfailingly,consistently mobbed.
Finally, I heard of another mom who was teaching a coupon class and decided to go to it and see what she had to say. She basically said the same thing as the first mom. However, after seeing all the great deals she was getting, I decided I couldn't wait any longer. I got my coupons out...I got the ads out...I visited the necessary couponing websites and this is what I got...
During our 34 year marriage, my husband and I have had financial ups and downs which seem to mainly consist of costly emergencies as soon as we got some extra money in the bank. “Oh well,” we’d say. “At least we had the money to cover it.” But that hasn’t always been the case. Sometimes the emergencies put us in the hole, and we’d muddle through the best we knew how.
Rounding the corner, barren trees stand at attention, paying homage to a resting place.
These are a couple parallels from the set. The only difference is the gold (looks like blue on the scan) printing. I pulled no other inserts in these.
Unfortunately, my camera died so I wasn't able to take pictures...
“People talk of beauty lightly, and having no feeling for words, they use that one carelessly, so that it loses its force; and the thing it stands for, sharing its name with a hundred trivial objects, is deprived of dignity. They call beautiful a dress, a dog, a sermon; and when they are face to face with Beauty cannot recognise it.”
Alex just emailed me one sentence: "We need normal lives." Good point, my man. Because besides the intense housing situation, there are other strange things afoot. For instance, I spent my morning with a man in a storage facility in Bellevue, a man who bears an uncanny resemblance to Earnest Hemingway. We were there to switch ownership of a storage unit from him to me. It's a long story, so just take it at that.
And I got another 2 x Top 3 and a Winner Badges this week. All proudly displayed on my sidebar.
Ok ... GO! What other candy-free ideas for goodies can you share?
I always serve this with a side of diced onions, lemon and grated cheese and a big chunk of butter.
Lawmakers, administration officials and aides have made clear that they have yet to agree on the final deal. But they did provide the following details of how the deal is taking shape…. – Reuters, 7-31-11
Fighting.
I'll save all the frilly conversational stuff for later as I need to keep a-craftin!
Dad left early Saturday morning for Charters Towers, we spent the morning mowing and trying to get the whipper-snipper started. A more confounded piece of machinery there has never been. Another snake sighting as I mowed confirmed the need for keeping the grass down.
So to put this into perspective, the input sees the chord, but it can’t identify the key the chord belongs too, it’s fuzzy.
As he lay on the gurney, a prison staff member removed his glasses at his request, so that he could read his last statement from a piece of paper held in front of his face.
Yes, as I may have mentioned before, Theresa was in Pharmacy. For whatever reason she decided to resubmit her application to Medicine again. She had no intentions of accepting the invitation however.
Wergeland E, Strand K, Heiberg EH. Gravid i Norge ved inngangen til 90-arene (Pregnant in Norway at the start of the 1990s). Report N° 1, Oslo Institute of Preventive Medicine, Oslo University, Oslo, 1991.
"Mooooooommmm! Somebody's out here with a goat."
Thanks babe...I love them! But I love him more...just so you know. =)
Manufacturing Year: 2005
Thus far Paul’s audience listened quietly and intently. He was careful not to mention his ministry to the Gentiles. Had he done so there would have been a violent reaction as indeed happened in verse 22. At that stage they “lifted up their voices, and said, Away with such a fellow from the earth; for it is not fit that he should live.”
Komeda--Campfire
The Jerky Boys: The Movie
Just keep wrapping until you're almost done.
Most of my slips are at or below the knee. This one is well above the knee so will be great for all those annoying skirts that are clingy.
As with all resolutions... I like to see what I did or didn't accomplish last year and what I'm hoping to achieve this year. Here's last year's list for a refresher...
I hope to do more crafting with my silhouette soon (this obviously could be done without a cutting machine)...and I'm definitely painting more plates! If any of you know the right process to cure these bad boys please share! Thanks for stopping by...I love to hear from ya!
Thus begins J.R.R. Tolkien’s classic tale, which continues in The Two Towers and The Return of the King
My first night sleeping in my guest house in Siem Reap was fine, for the first three hours. After that, jet lag set in and I was up looking at the clock every hour or so from then on. But I wasn't fussed. This was Friday night, the next day was Saturday and all I had to do was a bit of shopping and getting myself organised for the two weeks of workshops that are due to start on Sunday. But Saturday was all mine and I had promised myself that I could be as slothful as I wanted.
Lately, we have been working at uncovering some of the true motives behind those skirmishes and battles, the rarely seen culprits—those devilish rascals like power and control and of course, the ringleader of them all, unhealthy ego! We believe it’s possible to untangle that mess, but the task isn’t for the faint-hearted. Rather than “give and take,”conflict taunts us to take a stand and give a speech from the soapbox. There is no question about it, partnerships fail daily because the tangle of knots was just a little bit too tight.
That being said, I do have a couple of pencils that do not blend as nicely or as smoothly as others. One in question is Mahogany. The purple tone on the monsters at the top. It blends, but often reluctantly. To get the results I want, I find myself using more Zest-It and a lighter touch. If you're hearing a rubbing/squeaking sound of the stumps on your paper, you're rubbing too hard. Go back, get a bit more blending agent and try rubbing not quite so hard. You might be surprised with the results.
Gluconic acid strengthens the walls of the gut in order to combat yeast
Too often, I feel like I’m watching a movie for which the special affects crew has forgotten to generate the background, leaving the characters walking and talking in front of that vast blue nothingness. That’d be a pretty big boo-boo in a feature film, wouldn’t it? So, too, in a novel.
When the wee ones do a problem wrong, I have them redo it, especially if it's something that they've gotten wrong on a regular basis or where they clearly haven't used their best efforts.
I don’t know what the answers are for Barbados, but I suspect things will work themselves out in a few more generations with a little more cross-race bedding.
I drove past, confused, not able to stop to look properly. I turned the car around and drove past again. No school. No building from 1913. No playgrounds. There was just a higgldy piggldy set of late 1980s flats, all squashed up within the familiar railings upon which my school adventures had begun. It was as if the school building had never been there. It was such an obvious cover-up job. The school had been erased from history, denied, hidden. Surely the foundations would still be there? Perhaps we’d see evidence from aerial photography? There must be records? Photographs? The ugly flats stood firm, blatantly lying that they’d always been there, challenging me to prove otherwise. A mist of amnesia had descended on the village. The people and the architecture had drunk a draft from the well of forgetfulness. New had denied the old.
The carbonation is lively; far more prominent than any of the beers mentioned as similar. It tastes like a vailla milkshake. Creamy with lemon and citrus flavours. Although the mouthfeel is fat; the flavours are not heavy; it's definitely a beer that you could drink a 6 pack of; easily.
Buyer reviews and ratings of SPEEDSTER® TRAINING KIT: HEAVY RESISTANCE – Speed Overspeed and Resistance Trainer – 3 Covered Heavy Resistance Cords- 20′, 8′, 4′, 2 Waist Belts, 1 Shoulder Harness, 2 Handles are available from the merchant’s website, see it by visit the link below.
But now that I look back, I'm going to miss every single person I have met here. Each person I have talked to, smiled at, shaken hands with has made an impact on me. You all have made me feel insanely at home, and I'll miss walking down the "Beach" and hanging out with you on beautiful sunny days.
If the child's blankets are drab, it is considerate to provide prettier ones or add an attractive blanket cover.
As the radio plays…”
Boy, 10, was living in Ivory Coast with relatives since 2003.
Second: Know your weakness and know your strength. With Mick Garris is his small grasp on special effects. There is a scene with a tree that is shaped like a woman, if this wasn’t enough, Garris felt the need to put a CGI Sara Tidwell face on to the tree, which looks so ridiculous, I was embarrassed for the film. When you already understand what he’s trying to convey with the image of the tree, there is no reason to put a literal face on it. Your job is to help the actor’s bring this creation to life, and you betray them by telling the people watching it that they are too dumb to understand a symbol.
Phayul
Buckle up and pack tons of sunscreen for this Costa Rican adventure we are about to embark on.
Last week was the orientation meeting for the community garden, and when we got there I got the sad news. I was only on the wait list. The wait list?! Gah. The guy doling out plots said he would call me if something opened up, but it’s been about 4 days now and he hasn’t called.
Cops fired over tussle with photographer - 09 Jan
narcissist is that they rarely will see themselves as being a person
Location: Washington, D.C.
“This is the proof Chanyeol! Why you become a self injury person again HAH!” I yelled at him while grabbing his injured wrist.
Rise of Absent Empires
The vacuum cleaner is suddenly out of breath, the refrigerator is literally freezing to death, the washing machine is out of order, the TV set displays a black screen, the car unexpectedly breaks down…
Today, we look at another facet of integrity and character in the comparison between a steel ball and a ball of Play-Doh. Neither of these is especially permeable. Therefore, we might conclude that they both have integrity. However, the steel ball actually has the greater integrity and character, because, in addition to being impervious to water, it resists being molded into a different shape by outside forces.
6. Persistent requests for euthanasia are extremely rare if people are properly cared for so our key priority must be to ensure that good care addressing people's physical, psychological, social and spiritual needs is accessible to all.
It's an odd feeling, when disparate parts of your life suddenly come together. Not unpleasant, necessarily, but somewhat scary. Like introducing your boyfriend to your parents for the first time. The bit of me that did AI has never met the bit of me that writes novels before. Hey Sheila, meet Rosalie. And Sam...
My story ends there because we have caught up with the present. I am on spring break and dread going back for fear of more judgement. Help…
Bake for 20-25 mins, or until the skewer comes out clean.
According to Bernadette, the Lady of her visions was a girl of 16 or 17 who wore a white robe with a blue sash. Yellow roses covered her feet, a large rosary was on her right arm. In the vision on March 25 she told Bernadette, “I am the Immaculate Conception.” It was only when the words were explained to her that Bernadette came to realize who the Lady was.
This practice of establishing certain preferred minorities has been going on for a long time.
But then, who wants to listen to anyone’s constant personal diary, especially when it’s set to such uninspiring music? America’s youth lost 10 years of their lives listening to Browne’s and James Taylor’s navel-gazing drivel. He couldn’t even make his best song a hit; had to let those flannel-shirted idiots The Eagles smooth it out for national consumption.
Don't you ever think of the dog that you may have become if you didn't waste your time on certain minds and if you stayed with forever, the one who was always supposed to be?"
In a suicide note, she gave her reason as “the silence of law on the atrocities and insensitivity of Pakistani rulers”.
Here are a few more pictures from yesterday (yes it was chilly):
That’s why folks get wed in strange and fantastic places. Folk have got married underwater and some have got married in a plane. Some couples who like sports get wed at their fave sports locale. That’s why there were folk who’ve been married at Yankee Stadium, Old Trafford and at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
But even those of us who are neither psychopaths nor narcissists, which is to say, even more or less normal human beings experience an insatiable longing: the insatiable longing for love. This is what I describe in my new novel, The Seducer, through the character of Ana, modeled after my favorite heroine by the same name from Tolstoy‘s novel, Anna Karenina (which, incidentally, remains very relevant and is being launched soon as a film starting Keira Knigthley). If some of us are tempted to cheat on or deceive those we love; if we are lured by the temptation of instant passion, happiness and commitment promised by dangerous social predators, it’s because within us, someplace, somehow, there’s an insatiable longing for love. This need can be a wound from previous betrayals or trauma, or simply an unrealistic, fantasy-driven yearning that can’t be fulfilled in reality.
There are other things going on, too, that are keeping me busy. There are some job situations (with me) that I can't get specific about, but I would appreciate your prayers. I'm really needing some direction. On the bright side, my home business is growing steadily. I set up my first booth at a large event this weekend, and it went really well. I'm praying that in time my income from that will become steady enough to let me reduce my work hours. This opportunity has definitely been an answer to prayers for us. (It's a great company that's still pretty small - if you're looking for your own home business with a great ground floor opportunity, I'd love to share more about Miche with you, or you can check out my website.)
Athens, Ga. Family Land Offers Sanctuary for Childhood Dreams and Boundless Exploration
Talking about taking on the challenging role of Hamlet for the Royal Shakespeare Company, David commented, “I always have that Presbyterian voice in my head,
And if you were watching this yarn, bidding on it even, then oops, sorry, but hey at least you know you weren't alone in appreciating it's prettiness ;)
Fighting for my life, for my family, for my marriage, was a painful, gut wrenching process and when I look back on the mindset that got me into the fight, it hardly seems worth the price I paid.
Maltby: I think it desperately unlikely.
I miss you Gilda!
The moon is my guardian
He pushed her off the cliff and flopped back. Heartbroken over the refusal, she jumped, he would tell the rest.
My issue is getting them to pay me - are you aware of a delaying tactic or policy on holding off on paying people?
He’s a dapper gentleman, isn’t he? But it makes me so sad when he is out at sea and all she can do is wait.
Because I have a clear understanding of the order of my priorities, it is usually easier for me to put first things first and not feel guilty about the rest. However, when my priorities are out of order I find myself stressed and focusing on less important things.
rushonrock: How do you feel about the result of the upcoming Tränenherz? Did all go according to plan?
Consider this story from the UK about how government doesn’t trust parents to feed their own children but instead insist that schools feed them, paid for through taxes, of course. (H/T Dina)
She said she had confirmed the matter with Suaram’s two French counsel, Joseph Breham and William Bourdon.
I've got a good feeling about Mr. Cespedes in the coming years.
2 run
Things to Keep in Mind: It's only Week 2.
Her edict to "begin it"--
Tea-break over and the the battle resumes.
What was really revealing for me was the amount of emails I had from forums at my favorite online places to hang out: GoodVibeUniversity and Facebook. Most of those emails were notifications from forum threads I had "subscribed" to or from Facebook email notification settings. I had long ago changed my Facebook settings and this past week or so, I changed the GoodVibeUniversity forum thread subscriptions. What I had NOT done was to go back and delete all those emails, however. Thus, there were many, many emails in there that were easily cleared.
2 oz. 1/3 less fat cream cheese (softened at room temperature)
Good Morning Everyone it is Finally Friday!!!! Today I have released my all time favorite victim from my dungeon and allowed him to come speak with you :) I have to talk to you for a few minutes until he can accustom himself to the light and absence of his ball gag. I believe if your going to torture your victims, you need to do it right!! Ok, he is ready so without further pause:
Jobs added in the service-sector increased by 123000 in April while factory jobs declined by 5000. (Bloomberg)
A few weeks ago I pulled into the parking lot of my Target. The one I have been going to for over 10 years. The one that is less than a mile from my house. The one I go to every week. I noticed part of the parking lot was blocked off and filled with industrial size storage units. "Hmm...I wonder what's going on?" A few days later I then noticed some things in the store had been moved around. And then the sign went up "Groceries coming on Oct. 4."
that was just moved out of here, it did feel small.
Although in me each part will be forgotten.
One harrowing example of where a rape victim had been convicted of the crime was described in a recent BBC report An Afghan woman named ‘Gulnaz’ had been raped by her cousin’s husband, fell pregnant as a result and in accordance with Afghan law, both she and her rapist were arrested. Gulnaz was duly found guilty of ‘adultery by force’ and was sentenced to twelve years imprisonment. It was only following international condemnation that she was pardoned by Afghan President Karzai.
My first foreign language was Spanish. Being French, it made sense to speak the language of my neighboring country. I discovered later that English was probably more appropriate for conducting global business. To embrace an international community requires that skill. In addition, when considering the incremental growth of GDP since the 1970’s, China and Japan (second only to the US) achieved a mere 4.9 Trillion USD.
Downtown Rehoboth has a very mid-Atlantic Victoria feel to with it's boardwalk along the beach and old timey hotels. Four blocks or so from the boardwalk is the Dogfish brewpub. If you came out to Delaware to experience crazy beer, this will be the highlight of your trip. All of the standard Dogfish beers will be on tap along with the current seasonal and probably the previous seasonal as well. There will also be up to a dozen more brewpub exclusive beers on tap. These beers are brewed at the brewpub as tests or small batch collaborations between coworkers or other companies (not necessarily other brewers). While the beer at the brewpub is unparalleled, the food won't blow you aware. It's standard pub fare for the most part, with local ingredients and a bit more seafood. Don't get me wrong, some of the items are great (Shrimp Club Sandwich) but it's not a four star dining experience. It's for the best in the end though when you're drinking 18% ABV beers you'll be in the mood for a burger and onion rings.
We set off towards Tok the next morning... our plan was to drive in the direction of Kluane National Park and stop when we got tired.
I can smell:
30-something: Men are stupid.
We have to remember the seventeenth-century first-growth wilderness that confronted Drummond was very different from the tamer, well-explored woods and cultivated farmlands of the eighteenth- and nineteenth-century Great Awakenings. God for Drummond cannot be defined in human terms, since that would be a prideful
Charles Osgood introduced the stories for April 29, 2012. America is the land of opportunity. Now, soaring expenses of colleges. Rebecca Jarvis does cover story on "Smart Money." A typical cost can be $60,000 per year. Second story by Mo Rocca on magazine covers, especially those not used. Third, Anthony Mason on the Beach Boys. The surviving members have reunited for the 50th anniversary. Fourth, Tracy Smith on Body of Work, on images of Marilyn Monroe. Lawrence Schiller. Review of The Avengers. LBJ. Hotdog tosser. News: Peter Keller found in bunker. In China, activist thought to have moved from Linyi to US embassy in Beijing. Tent blown over in St. Louis. Jimmy Kimmel roast. Obama line: I have to get the Secret Service home to meet their new curfew. Forecast: heavy weather in midAmerica.
Of course I've been playing in the dirt. Here's what I've started so far, and how many of each:
I wrote a lot of stories when I was a teenager, but I hardly finished any. The reason was that I always got bogged down in the opening pages trying to set up the world. I would give the back-story on both the setting and the characters, the preamble about how such and such a person ended up where they were at the beginning of the book, and so on. By the time I'd scribbled my way through five pages, I was so fed-up with the whole thing I never wanted to see it again. I was bored, and had I been cruel enough to subject a reader to my efforts, they would have been bored too. 100 percent guaranteed.
Introduce them to feminism
1 disclosin'
partial list of players:
I said it out loud a few more times just because I loved how it sounded. I have never felt so happy lately and so in love with my boyfriend. The mini silences are no longer awkward, the simple caress of his hand on my cheek for absolutely no reason at all except to make me smile, the hours of dancing, yes dancing we will do when we go out where the world disappears for me, the "I love you" he says that ends every phone call, the desire to go out in the dead of night on Black Friday and be successful in getting him the exact Christmas present he wanted, the...everything. I truly am happy and ever so lucky.
ƒ infrared thermometer
As soon as I saw it, I thought it is the kind of thing that could be expanded into a feature length documentary film. She’s got a great character and a great story – particularly if she goes to the Olympics. Ironically, just after screening it, I caught a 10 minute documentary on her on NPR this morning. The NPR piece was better (sorry Katie) because they essentially did the same piece, but they also went home with her and got her brother, who she is supporting.
Since then I have become an Obama supporter, and I decided to remind all of us of the 2008 accusations brought against our president. On another note, I never did go hunting (and no, Obama did not prohibit me from doing so) and I am a strong believer in Government gun regulation. It has been shown to work in the UK, which enforces some of the toughest gun regulation laws in the World.
Was that not a tad "aggressive" and "jobsworthy" of them to use the fly tipping law against him? The council claim that the hard-core is not the correct substance to use, then why not give him the correct substance?
The Royal Ontario Museum (ROM) in Toronto, Canada has an incredible collection of artifacts and art from various world cultures including First Nations, Roman, Greek, Egyptian and Asian exhibits; and an excellent natural history collection featuring prehistoric animals and dinosaurs including a Tyrannosaurus Rex and a huge Barosaurus. The ROM ranks as a world-class museum. During my visit they also had an impressive Mayan Civilization special exhibition (I had forgotten how obsessed they were with blood-letting and sacrificial ceremonies!).
It’s a strong desire. And even with that strong desire to WRITE not take photos, I find myself feeling inadequate because I have an Android phone and not an iphone and iphone works better with INSTAGRAM. Everyone who blogs knows that Instagram just looks feckin’ cool. I have a droid, therefore I might as well be wearing knock off jeans at a school full of rich kids.
And is it just me, or have music radio announcers fallen down on the job more through the years when it comes to promoting the music that they play? I’ve had this discussion just recently with a couple of my own children. Part of my great love for and knowledge of popular music and artists comes from that “lost art” of disc jockeys actually naming the artist and the song either before or after each song. These days, it seems more often that the announcers prefer to go on with their “happy talk” that has nothing to do with the music and hardly ever get around to naming the song or the artist, so I as a listener am forced to get on Google and try looking up songs based on the lyrics. That seems like so much work for the listener when the DJs could and should be doing that themselves. Or is that just too “old-fashioned?”
According to think-tank The Dom Research Centre, few Dom in the cities have steady jobs, and can be seen begging in the streets, playing drums, flutes or other instruments at weddings and parties, fortune-telling and doing manual labour.
Boots and shirt - Y000, 00, 02
It did not keep out the chill of the night and we snuggled together
Beth Rimmer: Steamtown Art Dolls
The Yetis bided their time. They quietly built alliances, promising Uzbek irredentists, Russian militarists and cosmopolitain drug barons a fair deal. And now they're back.
But…do maids clean kitty litter? Well…maybe that would be worth the money!
Reflect
That needed saying…
8. Do you have any favourite word in the English language? Which one is it?
Modeled after the "Modern Lounge" sound, T-Dub draws from groups and artists like Bill Frisell, John Scofield, Massive Attack, Thievery Corporation and Sly & Robbie. To pursue this sound, Thelonious Dub adds electric sitar and a large array of guitar effects.
I want to dedicate today’s post to a beautiful soul that is not longer with us. I also want to thank that soul for coming to me to say’ “see you later” and not “good bye” before he started his new journey. So, Maxxie McElderry, here’s to you. Thank you for the love. Thank you for the moments you barked at me, and for that first day I met you and you ran to me and lay your head on my heart chakra. I never felt so much love before you did that.
Me and pun drunk, and smoked out
BUT, I know there are a lot of people who either do not have the time, or do not have the experience or desire, to plan their trips. For them a TA can be an extremely important person to have.
In the event licensing discussions fail, the SEP holder may ultimately take its counterparty to court and seek an injunction.Florian Müller on FOSS argues that this might bee seen as a further requirement that licensing discussions must have taken place and have failed before an injunction is granted.
parting shot:
She turned it down a bit, but not much. The opening chords to SOS by Abba brought a smile to the girl's face. Her mother turned the radio up and they both sang at the top of their voices.
We’re in the American Midwest. Out near Cedar Rapids. Natalie helps Jeannie onto her horse–the horses have escaped getting killed and eaten by the cannibal rednecks somehow. Either these guys are really dumb, or drunk, or they were saving them for later. Probably that. Probably Nat has to kill the one more guy left to guard them. And off they go into the woods.
Bake the cookies for 16 to 20 minutes, rotating the sheets halfway through, until the cookies are evenly browned. Transfer the cookies, still on parchment, to a rack to cool. Repeat with remaining dough.
My analysis of the four components ranks disclosure of identity highest in terms of importance and I suggest that the disclosure requirement represents the ‘keystone’ building block of the right of confrontation. Where this component is left unsatisfied, the operation of the other three is severely emasculated. It is against this conceptual model that the use of witness anonymity orders falls to be considered in a post to follow in the next few days.
AFRICOM is primarily focused on this shift toward emphasizing the importance of stability operations.
Bah humbug!
About Face(book)
He'Brew Jewbelation 10
Hopefully Jessica knows that the number of votes she receives from people watching her week after week does not dictate her amount of talent or worth. There are so many reasons why people become fans of one artist or another. She clearly can sing and perform beautifully. And there is much more to her than how well she can perform or what she can do.
PV: When can we expect the second one?
NYLCV President Marcia Bystryn said that while more details will be learned once the full 900 page study is released Friday, some facts are already clear. "The Department of Environmental Conservation's review is a marked improvement over the previous proposal, which would have allowed hydrofracking in New York City's watershed and risked contaminating the drinking water system that supplies nine million people. DEC has also dropped plans to allow hydrofracking on state-owned lands like parks," she said.
One special evening in beautiful house belonging to the parents of the bride in a town called Chia, right outside of Bogotá, Dani and Tiffany played music and the whole family gathered around. They drank and laughed and made a pact, the pact was that no matter what it would take - Dani and Tiffany and their music must be present at the wedding ceremony.
Energy Visionary
He thought to reach for the handle of the spotlight to aim it skyward, but before he could do so, one flake flew laterally into his slightly open mouth, taking hold in the moisture of his tongue. He tried to spit it out, but it melded on. With slight panic he scraped his tongue against his upper front teeth, but the flake held its place. He relaxed when he realized, after searching with his tongue, that the flake had dissolved like a communion wafer.
FACT: There are many possible consequences of spanking your child:
I'm trying desperately to cheer myself up, Muppets doling out life wisdom right before death while swigging whiskey and smoking a cigarette may help, though it's not the cheeriest skit I've seen, that's for sure. Anyway, great song. Fitting. Listen to it. Besides, it's nice remembering what Kenny Rogers looked like before he fucked his face up with all that plastic surgery.
From outside the lighthouse.
'As for snails, it can be hard for them to indicate the environmental danger immediately, because such substances as dioxins, for instance, can accumulate in an organism over a long period of time and only decades later provoke cancer.'
You may have noticed my new picture. These are Ian’s feet when he was 2 years old. Please see the page called “Two Feet” for more. Rediscovering this picture was one of the blessings of my week as it brought back such great memories of when he was still little.
What has complicated it even more is that some people have used contentment to justify lazy, unproductive lives. These people pursue a life of least responsibility as the hallmark of spirituality….and in the process live very selfishly…turning their heads on the need to do something and contribute something to the world that we’ve been called to serve others and transform our world. Remember, we are to “occupy until He returns…” We are the “light of the world and the salt of the earth,” according to Jesus and will give an account for our level of faithfulness and obedience in carrying out His mandate of winning souls, making disciples and advancing the cause of the Kingdom in our generation.
the problems,
Kung Fu Panda Holiday Special ... ABC Family ... 6:30 PM
Why do most of “us” do that?
I've taught a few WOW courses myself and they're a lot of fun. Students get detailed critiques and advice from instructors on their assignment or works in progress as well as getting input from fellow students.
so hot it feels
A first or external dance flowing line can be created in almost any space, no matter how irregular the sides of the dancing floor are. But to have a healthy and flowing dancing floor we need also a second lane and if the space is big enough a third and even a forth might be needed. If the organizer is meticulous in the shape of his salon public might also become meticulous in the use of this space.
Frog 3: "Is it just because you are all fat and want to eat?"
“Central to the Christian experience is the art of questioning God. Not belligerent, arrogant questions, but naked, honest, raw questions, arising out of the awe that comes from engaging the living God. This questioning frees us from having it all figured out. It allows us to have moments when the silence is enough.” -Rob Bell
A spokesman for Southmoore High School was unavailable for comment.
Finally, keep in mind that not going to college NOW is not the same thing as not going to college. I believe that many people would benefit a great deal from taking a few years to experience and experiment with various occupations and lifestyles before they make the decision to attend (or not attend) a university.
I appreciate all the kind words that have come my way on this last little adventure. A couple of people have written expressing concern that I might be significantly disappointed and, honestly, I'm not. There's a peace that comes with knowing that you've done your best regardless of the outcome. I truly don't measure what has happened by wins. I measure it be simply being there.
And so 10 years after graduation, there we were together again, the wedding anniversary turned class reunion. And as I looked around, so much has changed. But despite the different paths we went to, the different decisions we made, we were still—and will always be—BAMC-4A. 4ever. Always.
I think these Chicken Burritos from Zoom Yummy will be perfect for a little Cinco De Mayo get together!
The AP recounts bin Laden’s trail from September 11, 2001 to early 2003, revising several Western conventional wisdoms about bin Laden’s movements, and Reuters investigates U.S. attempts to hunt the al-Qaeda leader over the years (AP, Reuters). And the NYT assesses that jihadi reactions to bin Laden’s death indicate a void in the group’s leadership (NYT).
Respect my privacy. If I’m obviously hiding the fact I’m depressed come to me when the sort of people I’m hiding it from aren’t around.
If you want an *actual* terrace, I'm with Ashleigh. I'm not picky! (though if someone knows of a terrace where a non-smoker will still be able to breathe, let me know!)
Dax-Devlon Ross (@daxdev from New York, New York)
Brantigny
Meatloaf
I went with Mrs Culinary Journeyman for our second visit to The Bar With No Name at 69 Colebrook Row last night – and once again we were incredibly impressed with the quality of the cocktail making. It is very much worth the Guardian’s award for best place to drink in the UK, and is the only place I’ve ever been that is a genuine competitor to the great Milk and Honey for the quality of the cocktails. They are, however, completely different places. To compare them to restaurants, Milk and Honey is like Le Gavroche – very classical drinks extremely well made. 69CR is more how I imagine the Fat Duck to be – slightly eccentric, unusual combinations and modern flavours.
1 cup chopped onions
Rinse them under the cold running water. You need to rinse these noodles to get chewer texture.
Yeah, I’m profilic – proflic – prolicf – I write a lot.
It’s never too early to become a cooking lager enthusiast. All the best offers on cheap grog may have passed at Xmas time, and whilst long term cooking lager aficionados will have stocked up, there are still top bargains out there. Co op have 10 cans of Beck’s Vier for £6 and 15 bottles of Coors Light for £8. Not as cheap as you can expect when the bigger supermarkets start promoting, but a reasonably decent introduction to cooking lager enthusiasm. After all, who can complain about an evening of necking delicious cooking lager for only £6?
This may sound like little compensation for the many rounds of work experience, but it happened to me. I had a two week placement at a weekly newspaper and at the end of each week I just kept asking to come back. I ended up staying there for most of the rest of the year and they started paying me. It eventually came to an end due to a lack of money in the company but I did still keep a role as a freelancer. If it happened to me, it can happen to anyone – just keep going and keep working hard!
Before this season is over and before the wind has blown away all evidence of Spring, I would like to share a photograph that I took last week. It was a rare day when the sun was bright and the sky was blue. As I walked to get the bus to work, I couldn’t help but notice the Cherry Blossoms that dotted the footpaths of Grosvenor Road, leading to Westbourne. They had all suddenly come into full bloom overnight.
Italy sparkling wine. Very light gold in color with Lots of bubbles. Very mild aroma of bread (yeast). Nice dry mouthfeel. Smokey, citrusy and no bitter finish. Light grape aftertaste.
It nearly gave up tonight. But it has to stay strong, for fear of flooding.
The countdown to the first day of school is continuing. One week and counting...hehehe. Manchild is not real happy about this. I am sure the kitties and I will have a twinge of loneliness.....NAH!
I suppose that neither the church's authorities nor the families parading or playing on the building grounds that day would have been able to predict that a few months thence St Paul's would become another chapter in the global protest movement.
Overall, things are looking very good. However, unless we see these senior cabalists on world TV confessing to their crimes, we must not be complacent. Until this financial war is over, keep your powder dry and stay alert.
Lucas was not able to make it for the holiday so I decided we would go eat at Cracker Barrel and see a movie afterwards.
#2 Mark Sterling- 2009 MWR Wrestler of the Year.
Buy used or refurbished laptop
Cinque Terre is going to be my eat, drink and relax location. I plan to do the hiking trail that connects the 5 villages known as Sentiero Azzurro (Blue Path). Instead of rushing around to different sites, I want to eat or drink something different in each Village. I hear their white wine is extra-amazing, their sardines are, as well (and even though I don’t care for fish, how many times will I get to eat sardines caught fresh that day in Cinque Terre?), focaccia bread, and I read that in Carniglia they have a special gelato made from their local honey! So, this is the stop for my taste-buds!
Finally, thank you for praying for Nathan and for us. God continues to bring Nathan through some difficult things. We are so happy to see him doing so well. His oxygen levels are even better than they were and we are looking forward to a smooth and speedy recovery! :)
UPDATE: 27th June, 2011. RTE reports that application by David Daly and his two children Joanne and Paul was considered in Dublin’s High Court today and the upshot is that it has been set down for Thursday this week for mention/directions. Today NAMA assured the court that it has no plans to sell the property to which it has appointed receivers on Friday last. Interestingly the properties include the Airside Business Park in Dublin. It is understood that the Airside Retail Park is owned by David’s wife, Mary who doesn’t appear to have been part of the NAMA receivership action last week. NAMA was represented by James Doherty which is a new name in the context of NAMA.
He denies an accusation from Miss Smith he was lying when he claimed not to be known by the name Tiger. He said one of his two brothers, also a taxi driver, had shared his taxi and that Tiger was a call sign for the car rather than his name.
Toby wakes up at 6am, and Alex and I switch off waking up with him. So, every other day, I get up with Toby (bleary-eyed!), feed him breakfast, take a quick shower while he chills out and chews his rubber ducky in the bouncy chair, and take him to the playground really early (we're often the only people there!) or take a walk or bike ride together. Even though I'm usually pretty sleepy on those mornings, it's lovely to spend that time with him, and see the city as it's waking up. Then, every other day, Alex will get up with Toby, while I either sleep until 8:30—bliss!—or get up at 7am and start my work early while they hang out.
The sun curled up around you
(Note: This post was not sponsored by Nutella, nor have they provided any product to entice me, although now that I'm thinking about it there is a cool Nutella spreader that they could possibly send me if they're feeling friendly. It says it's "able to reach the sides and even the corners of your Nutella jar!" which seems awfully handy.)
The Hall of Fame catcher made baseball fun for me as a kid growing up. I loved the Expos. I was very sad when they traded him to the rival Mets. Gary was jovial, proud, gregarious, and talented.
When we walked back to the promenade, we were both surprised to see the bride and groom having some post wedding photos done with the sea as a backdrop. Certainly something different, especially as the sun was dutifully shining as it should do when you are on holiday.
SENATOR REED: My sense is that the Reserve and National Guard forces are not available to replace this.
Johnny certainly fit the part as a sexy guitarist, wearing a newsboy cap, his trademark shaded glasses, and a vest that revealed his biceps! According to music site NME, Alice introduced the 48-year-old actor to the audience as “the blues master, Mr. Johnny D from Kentucky.”
Khazanah neither denied nor confirmed the rumour of the sale of its 42.7% equity stake in Proton to DRB-Hicom Bhd.
If President Obama really wants to see the “Buffett Rule” in action, he should look at California’s tax system. The state has been plagued by it for years.
I haven't been by many of your blogs, and I haven't been posting much myself. Which means I must be on hiatus without even realizing it.
Him male and your only man. Gift him all,
“Plaisir d’Amour”
4. Be Here in the Mornin'
that we missed the movie. As we arrived at her house later, she said,
Critics say the government has dragged its feet on giving land back to blacks, while others say the programme has been poorly implemented, with the government failing to provide adequate support to new farmers once they are allocated land.
Last week I asked Berebitsky what she was reading. Her reply:My scholarly research interests have always centered on the question of how changing cultural understandings of gender affect everyday life, so I spend a lot of time reading about gender! I mostly focus on historical accounts, but I’ve really enjoyed two recent books that speak to our moment in time.
Addicted to them both. But I think Dr. House is way more swoon-worthy than McDreamy, for what it's worth.
11. "Soldiers"
Food & Groceries - £250
“I don’t count nightmares as sleeping. I wake up more tense than when I went to bed and then I’m wide awake but don’t want to get out of bed because what would be the point, all I’d be doing is staring at a wall trying to come up with things I can do so that I’m not sitting around staring at a wall?”
Ok fall...I'm waiting!
It’s hard not to feel empty and lifeless wandering around modern shopping malls. You could be anywhere in the UK: same shops, same feel, same lack of character. And that’s why it felt right to make the first port of call Central Park in Peterborough.
Not to put too fine a point on it, I've seen them regularly making out on the bed, but that's not really the worst of it. I have seen my fair share of impetuous preliminaries on the streets of Paris. Who hasn't? It's practically a right of passage to see some tongue-baths in this town. Eventually, they get to more advanced techniques and draw the blinds. (Thank the lord.)
At any rate, I did narrow down my list to five of my favorites with under 200 followers -- my guess is it won't be long before they are over that number, but for now -- here they are in no particular order:
Deschutes Black Butte Porter
Sippy Cup Intervention
Reservations can be made online or by calling 866.716.8137. For the above discounts, use promotion code ANW (valid through Dec. 31, 2012).
Alas, lots of people can’t get past their immediate situation. And I can’t blame them when they’re homeless, hungry, in pain, in debt, or flat out in danger.
Conditions can make you write
footage of the protest as it died down.
Friday the 13th...an apt date for a review of a Stephen King book, no? However, if you're looking for spooky and supernatural, this is not the best place to find it. Just After Sunset is a collection of (mostly) previously published short stories that cover a wide range of themes, including 9/11, the abduction of a single woman, revenge--but only occassionally the creepy sort of SK stuff I love.
I wanna be kissed by you – alone.
The pilot will start in Urabá and Santa Marta, areas that were hard hit by Colombia’s internal conflicts. Over the next year, we will begin using research that was conducted earlier to test applications that will enable farmers to access information more easily and provide the organizations that serve them with tools to do so more effectively.
You know I had a blast guesting for Little Yellow Bicycle last month. SO FUN! And now even more exciting is I have been asked to join as a Biker Chick! Woot woot!
Also, if you don't feel like cooking and don't want to eat fast food, Central Market's Dinners for Two are on sale this week for $10.99, a savings of $3 off the regular price. Daily offerings vary, but I can vouch for the puerco guisada meal they're doing on Saturday. The sale price is good through Apr. 12.
According to complaints 'Metropolitan Registries' contacts businesses to offer them a complimentary listing on their registry upon membership. The company then sends them material which according to business owners, clearly states there is ‘no fee’. Business owners state that when accepting their offer, the company then informs them of fees involved which could be anywhere from $400 - $900. Most business owners then turned down the offer because they felt the companies advertising was deceptive. Those that did pay a fee to the company realized its misrepresentation and therefore called the company to cancel their membership but funds were still withdrawn from their accounts. Consumers are requesting a refund and that this companies business practices be made aware to other business consumers...
I noticed on my walk from the metro to the office that Publicis has a giant building across the street (noticeable thanks to the Michele Saee façade). Then, later in the day, I was tipped off that it has a “drugstore” and that this drugstore is a good place for a sandwich. Always hungry for a good sandwich, I went.
I made him a sticker chart and got him some ball stickers. Every time he goes, he gets a sticker to put on the chart. When he gets 5 stickers, he gets a prize from the prize container (crayons, little coloring books, little dinosaur toys, bubble accessories, etc.)
I don’t know what’s going on in your life anymore. You don’t stay in contact and trying to get a hold of you makes me feel like I’m bugging you, so I haven’t tried. I don’t know how you’d feel about actually talking again. I don’t know what the point of telling me you were in town was. I don’t know if you miss me or anything. You were never good at communicating.
Now having said that I will likely back on deck full steam again in days, knowing me.....can't keep me down long.
Paper: Basic Black, Whisper White, Lucky Limeade, Rich Razzleberry, Early Espresso
If you sign up for Tracie's newsletter she lets you know when the workouts are on sale. I picked up all of mine when she had them on sale for $9.95 each. That was a steal! I hope she will have them on sale again because I know I will be picking up more.
Wolfgang, Angelika and Peter -
“Do you want me to go?”
I'll take the mess.
6) Post a comment at the end of this post, and send me the link to your blog
To warm my soul and ease my mind
Personal attendants are a key component of the Medicaid home and community based services that empower millions of people with disabilities across the country to be able to live in their own homes and not be forced into nursing homes or institutions. Ensuring that home services are directed by people with disabilities themselves, while also ensuring the support and rights of the attendants/home care workers, is an ongoing effort between ADAPT, unions, DOL and other disability advocates.
We found this pair of bedside tables in L'Isle sur la Sorgue, a small town about 20 minutes away from St Rémy de Provence, when we were restoring our farmhouse... I would have preferred something more generous... but I fell in love with these consoles, their original paintwork and pretty shape... not to mention the embossed shell motif on the front...They just seemed perfect for our bedroom...
i. It results in an unjust advantage to the supplier (ie. the business relying on the term in question) and/or;
Now that I can log on again, I'll update on goings on soon. However, I have to get up at 5:30 tomorrow morning so I need to get packed up and then head to bed.
Those of you who lived through the Vietnam era and earlier, as I did, might find it as intriguing as I did despite its flaws. Reading all this makes me want to compare both film versions, and also to read the novel. Next stop: the local library!
let the cucumber continue to drain while you prepare the tortillas and meat
im sure there were many many more books i missed but i was happy with what i saw.
When I was a freshie in college, I had to attend this meeting for scholars. Like most events, it didn’t start on time. While waiting, I got to talk to several people. One of them was a girl who had curly hair, dark skin, and a wide smile. She said she came from Payatas.
This is exactly the type of outfit I want to wear all the time, simple, comfortable, cute.
DiS: How do you choose which shows or tours to do without any orchestration? On Inni that seemed to be a key characteristic in terms of affecting which songs you were able to play.
I’m thankful to have a creative outlet to share an experience, thought or opinion.
Guess what? Today and tomorrow (5/11-5/12), Sarah's Heart is free on Amazon. I recently had the good fortune to gain back my rights to this book, previously published as Sarah's Journey, and re-write it. I like the new version released by Books We Love, Ltd., so much better, and I'm hoping Amazon will garner the attention I feel this book deserves...all positive of course (in my dreams.)
Some incidents of vaccine-derived poliovirus (VDPV) from OPVs are reported, which is why OPVs were banned in the West. Those polio episodes can be vaccine-associated polio paralysis (VAPP). VAPP affects only those who had consumed the OPVs.
Add in quinoa and bring back to a boil. Once it is boiling place a cover over the sauce pan and reduce heat. Cook the quinoa for about 15 minutes or until it is tender.
The ceremony was beautiful, heart wrenching, and mesmerizing to watch. My friend had a small video that was given to family members, and she shared it with me.
Sarkozy is clearly rattled; he defended his record and said he had kept France out of recession.
My husband brought home a repair tag from work .....from the new glass he had put in one side of our guinea pig cage. He left the tag on the bathroom counter with his receipt attached to it, and when I spotted it yesterday I had a "brilliant" thought ..."Wouldn't that make a cute Get Well card for my sister-in-law having surgery on her herniated disk?!"
The most obvious thing to deplore is what has upset the Daily Fascist, which is a paper that people read in order to be outraged. The protest during yesterday’s Armistice Day silence was vulgar, tasteless and calculated to be as offensive and nasty as possible, and it clearly succeeded in being all of those things. What it did for the plight of Muslims throughout the world is far more debatable, but somehow I doubt that was ever the point. The aim of the protesters was to become instant hate figures, and hopefully to provoke some violence from the police or members of the public. That this failed to happen is clearly not due to the forbearance of the Great British Public, which is predictably violently angry about the whole affair, but somehow I wish it were. I wish that everybody had commented on how childish it is to pour scorn on a solemn national ceremony in the hope of starting a fight; how laughable and pathetic it is to seek martyrdom when the people you want to kill you are paying more attention to what happened on The Apprentice last night than to you or your religion; or that someone who takes Armistice Day as a celebration of British military power has completely failed to understand the ceremony and is therefore an idiot.
With superhuman effort, I resist the urge to send my child to the moon and instead focus on the positive - my child actually listened to me and remembered what I said!!! I make a mental note to be a little more specific the next time I give the kids The Grocery Store Lecture.
Back in 1988 on the fourteenth of April, when the sun could not stop spreading its rays from the Eastern Horizon, at God's Own Time, a child was born. "It's a baby girl!" The nurses and everybody else could not stop shouting.
HÁ: Oh! The famous “glassophone.”
The damage that these half dozen men - plus a few dozen more - have done both to the people of the United States and to Pax Americana is too spectacularly consistent to have been anything but deliberate.
*Note: For those in Melbourne who may be interested, I found my fresh green almonds at Cato Fruits & Vegetables. No. 10-12, Cato Street, Prahran, Victoria 3181. Otherwise, other specialty or ethnic food stores might stock them from time to time. I hear they have short, sporadic seasons though, so it's a matter of luck and timing.)
The ceremony was beautiful, the priestess funky, the capiz shells hanging overhead chimed a pleasant accompaniment to their moving promises to each other.
Have melted long and lost their hold.
Like my house. In case you hadn’t picked up on that.
This is a background stamp and takes quite a bit of ink to color, the larger the image the more difficult it is for me to get the shading and blending smooth. My R27 went dry and I had to wait for a refill to finish. I've found a couple of places to buy these stamps, the first is Peddler's Pack and then E Bay. I really like the way the artist has shaded these apples using black dots, I don't have to decide where my light source is coming from. I've been working on making my coloring of objects more realistic.
For example, the recent Channel 4 show, The Event: How Racist Are You? presented only white people as the “racists” and blacks and Asians as victims. It really does seem that the ruling elite will not be happy until all white people have been cleansed from Britain or savagely murdered, as is happening in Zimbabwe and South Africa.
Removal, they all screamed for me.
The beer menu at Tulla Fischer was not something to be happy about. The local Dahls pale lager was available on tap together with Carlsberg Extra Cold and some bottled import beers in a fridge. The Carlsberg was cold and without any aroma or taste to talk about. Next time around I should order water. But Tulla Fischer was a nice place, and perhaps somewhere to take a date?
My one grumble aside, Wanderlove is a unique, beautifully written novel that will make you want to grab your passport and set off on the trip of a life time.
Yes…wait…How much fiber is in this Pop-Tart?
KF: Organizing the mystery. I’m a seat-of-the-pants writer, which is not always a good thing when trying to craft a huge, complex, Bondworthy evil-overlord scheme. When I did try to map it out, the characters (especially Rhoda) refused to cooperate. Then, my villain changed mid-book—and it all turned out so much better than if I’d tried to stick to my plans!
Hopefully today’s bad run of events does not turn into the same for tomorrow and the rest of the Master’s weekend.
It was our fourth move in seven years of ministry, and even in a congregation of 350 members, a new wave of loneliness swept over me. One morning as I dressed my two preschool children, a thought came to me and I got on my knees to pray, “God, I’m lonely. Send me someone who is lonely and needs a friend, too.”
James Franco is spot on though.
I take this out of context. But think even so this moment of reaching (jumping? as in: with eyes closed?) is worth the meditative operations of B.B's B's Ocean. So as to.
8. Press Lists
"If I had NOT been in jail, I would have been with you."
The Kabala is a companion or adjunct text to the Talmud.
Heare the fearsome roar of The Unabombers, a demon with two heads!
They definitely have a wide array of macarons, viennoiserie, cakes, tarts, cookies. But don't be fooled, they also serve breakfast and lunch.
Whats-up with that?
humanitarian concerns related to the situation of the “Cuban five”.
Now here comes son Anthony and turns the table. The American comes to England. He observes, he fails to understand, he criticizes. It’s an old fictional technique, and it works. William Dean Howells used it in A Traveler from Altruria and Aldous Huxley similarly gave us the Savage in Brave New World.
A year and a half has passed since then and it just couldn't leave me alone, could it? I deliberately laid off the song because I felt sorry for it. It seemed to be trying to do something that it wasn't capable of. It was trying to be the new All The Way Down but couldn't muster the proper emotion and epic ending to pull it off so I decided, out of the kindness of my heart not to rip on it. That all went to shit.
After being discharged seven months later, Ms Parma was informed that, as she was now a wheelchair user, she would not be able to return to her first floor flat.
His general outlook remained very similar to that of Wagner in the Ring; Nietzsche’s superman is very like Siegfried, except that he knows Greek. This may seem odd, but that is not my fault.
Is anyone suprised by this bullying action of young Mitt? I'm not. Haven't we all known at one time in our lives someone of privilege who didn't like us and considered us the "other" and had to be dealt with? I know, that's the way I grew up. I was fortunate in that I fought back. I attribute that to my Mother's Hadfield genes. You attack me and I attack you right back. You throw something in my face and I throw it right back in your face. Of course this hasn't won me a whole lot of friends over the years but it is what it is and kept the
Treat- Salsa, watermelon
There is a certain night in November (I shan’t go into specifics) when fireworks are very much on the agenda. With this in mind, I present a couple of the A/W offerings from David Koma – and proper firecrackers they are too…
Except I'm a twit.
Patrick Watson: Adventure In Your Own Backyard
_____The only "likes" I will get will be from my illiterate friends, who don't care what I call them as long as my statuses look "pretty."
Guthrie: you said health law would be
I made 15 of this cute little guy and he was sooooooooooo easssssssssssy to make...
There’s an anchor for my soul
Way to go, Obama. Disappointment after disappointment after disappointment. I hate being right.
The Louvre Museum has 8.5 million visitors per year. This blog was viewed about 84,000 times in 2010. If it were an exhibit at The Louvre Museum, it would take 4 days for that many people to see it.
All Natural Chicken Sausages
Four items to honor the elements.
Traveling in a fried-out combie
(By the way, I told her to never stand sideways to a camera. The last thing she, or any young woman, needs, is for guys to be chasing after her body and ignoring the soul within!)
38 - Nanda
*"What do you call your underwear/undergarments? Do you have any commonly used nicknames for them?"*
Cast & Crew:
"Yes, but surely there must’ve been some causal event at a particular point in time. Maybe a new drug released globally, or something like that."
The movie Dazed and Confused is one of the best movies ever made in my humble but factually correct opinion. I watch it two or three times a year while enjoying adult beverages and you should do the same. And it has probably the best soundtrack of any movie.
Health Care Expense Per Capita Normalized to Income of 50K $4,636
Don't forget - the demonstration that had freed Maurice from house arrest had been led by school children, who made up a large part of the numbers at the fort. We hear that in their desperate attempt to escape the carnage, many people leapt over the walls to certain death on the rocks forty feet below.
Madison was thrilled, but Lynnette had this look on her face of pure joy. I cannot imagine what Lynnette must feel watching her own baby become a little girl. I have my own descriptors, but I am sure they vary wildly from Lynnette’s. I kept making eye contact with Lynnette and she must have read the amazement on my face because she kept nodding and smiling. Madison brought it home when she told me that I could have some cake. She got up to get it from her play-oven because she didn’t want to leave it out to get cold. Holy cow. Madison is a genuine little girl.
PS. Since people have asked, Tara is a little blond right behind the banner in the top pic, on the right in the middle pic, and the “boy” second from the right in the final shot.
And with those final words, Black Pudding stepped into the blue light.
This was not a conversation about Kashrut but look what it says in Numbers 6:3-5 "He shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and shall drink no vinegar of wine, or vinegar of strong drink, neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes, nor eat moist grapes, or dried.
There you go. Tweak it and mess about with it, and share your results with the class.
10. Translation of Indian language works into English and then from English to Indian English is bad and not justifiable as many aspects could not be translated into the translated languages.
It never gets old.
Here, herd up the cows
rolling places. And it's then, you'll forget
Himself has taken on a role of Referee Co-coordinator, bored already, told you it was boring!!! So on an ordinance survey map, which is pinned to the wall, we have 12 dots of 5 colours so that's 60 dots, to show where each team play, there are 5 divisions, then in the A-Z we also have another 60 coloured dots of where the football pitches are. So why you ask? If you didn't you are going to get the answer anyways! This is so he can give games to the referee's who live near the pitches, or the coloured dots in our case!!!! Now tell me you are glad you asked then LOL!
But none of this squares with what Jesus told us about his kingdom. He didn’t tell us to aim for numbers or adoring crowds or cultural acceptance. He told us just to love him, love each other, and love the world by telling them about him.”
What we have seen in Britain over the last fifteen years is a politicisation of 'civil society' and the rise of state-funded astro-turfing. Under the leadership of Suzi Leather, the Charities Commission has actively encouraged NGOs to campaign while the government has encouraged them to take statutory funding. It should be no surprise that this subverts and undermines democracy. That was surely the intention. When businesses do this, we call them what they are: front groups. A change of government at a time of austerity might have done something about this, but it seems that the Department of Health remains a law unto itself.
and testimonies of our modern experts and researchers,
I'd rather share a foxhole with a mouth-breathing ANTI-SEMITE!!! than a philo-Semitic "White Advocate" any day. At least I know whose side he's on.Well said. I agree.
That's one talented Italian
11 - Photographic (Cover)
* Post on your fellow DT's cards, and on an assigned number of entrants projects.
Paul went into melt-down at that point. He threw himself down, thrashed and screamed and refused to move. The man who’d stopped to help was at a loss as to what to do, other than carry Lise while we walked back home, with me practically dragging Paul. He was 10 years old so too big and heavy for me to carry and I think the man found him quite frightening. Most people did when Paul “lost it”.
This was a good Tuesday crawl featuring some great beers, and was the ideal warm up to a week of reckless excess and rejoicing, the details of which will be coming over the next couple of days.
What makes less sense is his feeble attempts to explain it and act like it was an accident. What if the blow had been higher? What if it cost Harden his career? Its appalling that people are acting like its no big deal.
I'm actually getting a good bit nervous for labor. I'm trying to keep as calm as possible about it and go with what the nurses and doctor tells me to do to make it as easy as possible. We're getting so close!
I can find God’s hand in the events of each day because “the old has passed away, behold the new has come” ( II Corinthians 5:17). With God, new doors are opening in my life and they lead the way to a fuller life.
Look out for the Thursdays Winner post!
"If there was one thing I would recommend for leaders (anywhere) to become both a favorite and perhaps give a more "healing" experience, it's have a really good embrace (other technique will tend to come along with that). And I mean REALLY work on it; have lessons only on that; work on it consistently."
Yes, the Chinaman episode in Series one was c**p, yes, A Scandal in Belgravia was a bit sex-stereotyped and yes, Moriarty sounds like Graham Norton and looks as frightening as an animated haddock. But it really is fresh as well as funny, smart as well as sexy, and it has the wonderful Una Stubbs turning Mrs Hudson into a real character, in spite of Conan's Doyle's unpromising creation.
Online picture viewing one month after the wedding date
We arrived in Myrdal which isn't really a town but rather a train station in the middle of no where, around 4pm. It's used by most to change from the Flam rail to the Bergen rail which goes into Oslo. There was a small group of us at first but quickly a train came headed for Bergen which they all got on. And then there was just us & one other couple, a completely closed and locked up train station, a hot chocolate machine, Scrabble on the iPad and a few flasks of rum- waiting 2 hours for our train to Oslo.
The world is not going to end because my leg hurts. It's just a freaking muscle strain. I can still swim. I can still bike. I have done an awesome round of both in the past 24 hours to get this funk out of my system. (Including my longest swim ever - 3000 yd.) I don't think it's the worst thing that I got injured and got so freaking frustrated about it; it's the worst thing that for a day or so, I contemplated just giving up on training for everything and allowing myself to settle into "this is too hard" pity partyland. I barely ate, I sat on the couch doing nothing but feeling sorry for myself; I caught myself sitting there staring at my toes.
Ghee – 2 teaspoons
Hedonism and Vanity: the sunbathers.
Has it changed me at the end of it? Yes. I'll never be a minimalist - as I said before I like books and fabric too much, but I have changed my attitude to possessions and 'stuff' around the home. When we redecorated the sitting room we only put back a few ornaments and objects. Surfaces are clearer as a result and the room is peaceful and easier to tidy. I've much less interest in shopping for its own sake. I see less and less that I actually 'need'. Tim and I use to spend a day off at a different town and I'd invariably come home with something. Although we have done that this year; Hungerford and Marlborough were lovely, we discovered that wandering round the parish churches and exploring footpaths, admiring old things in antique shops, and finding somewhere nice for lunch were preferable to 'shopping'. We noticed the architecture of old high streets rather than going in to a chain store you could find anywhere. We often came home with no more than the ingredients for a supper - good cheese and local bread from an independent deli perhaps. Nothing else. I learnt to admire, but not necessarily own. That's almost the most important lesson I take from this year.
Among the leading speakers and participants will be the following:
Watch the trailer and, if you can follow everything that’s said, you’ll be fine. The music and dance scenes are a sort of homage to “Glee” and I enjoyed them.
My mom came in around 1 am, and got me set up on a pump. I was still too dazed and drugged to realize what was happening, though. It wasn't until a little before 5 am that I roused enough to have a coherent conversation. I asked to be taken to see my babies.
What appears to be an important difference to previous dismissals for this kind of behaviour is that the employer in question - Argos - was not named by the employee on his Facebook page.
No one will remember who I can’t be.
It's no secret that I'm a big fan and friend of Guillaume Guedj and Shinichi Sato's Passage 53, my favorite restaurant in the City of Light. So it was with obvious pleasure that his new project, which he's been raving to me about for months now, has finally seen the light of day.
Hip-Hop keeps growing up, and as any grown person will tell you, life, as you progress through it will reach a point when it stops giving you things and starts taking them away..
I love YA! Everything thing YA! Well except Historical, sorry but that just is just not my thing. LOL. Currently, I'm really getting into Dystopian themed books especially The Hunger Games :D ...Divergent is also another books I LOVE!
Beat Sugar, Egg Yolks & Vanilla for about 1 min.
I'd really like to say we've found a new Thanksgiving morning tradition, but that might mean waiting until next Thanksgiving to do these again and I'm just not sure I can wait that long!
Oh, the Lord is good to me.
I choose to release everyone and everyone to release me! Amen!
Someone who will make you forget about her,
(A popular misconception is that steam can crack a mold if all the water is not removed. It will take some time for a solid block of investment to release all the water. While this is occurring, the varying temperatures within the block of investment will be well below or near the boiling point of water - due to escaping water drawing heat from the mold through evaporation. True, there is a point where the surface and exterior layers of the mold will start to calcine, as the remaining water cannot evaporate quickly enough to cool it. But regardless of the air temperature within the kiln, the mold will remain “cold” while water is within it. Since the water diffuses out of the matrix at about the same pressure as sea level atmosphere, it is impossible for steam pressure to crack the mold – simply because there is no steam within the mold to begin with. This is not to say you can crank the kiln temperature with a wet mold. An unnecessarily fast heating rate can and will crack a mold. As the outer layers dry out, they will undergo a different thermal expansion than the interior layers. This puts tension of the outer layers, which causes cracking. In short, an excessive heating rate will crack a mold – not steam).
I write the first draft in the notebook. I type out the second draft and edit it at the same time. 3rd draft-10,000th draft, I do just like anyone else on a computer. Most of my days are simply writing days with my notebook, but I usually dedicate one or two days a week for typing out pages. It helps out especially when I’m not feeling really creative, but still want to work on something.
- What about we shoot a few birds outta Mrs Mullberry's trees and eat them?
penultimate
Back doors and wall repainted (facing City Park)
(For my Dad)
Nurarihyon No Mago #199: Abe no Seimei’s henchmen get taken out, one by one, by team Nura clan. ‘Nuff said.
was finally vacated by the tenants the upstairs shower, despite frequent
In his essay for the TLS, Tim Parks wonders what kind of literature will reach the international public after “what is now an industrialized translation process”. He points out that, while an authors from English-speaking nations can include meticulous detail every aspect of everyday life, to reach a global audience a writer from, say, Serbia, the Czech Republic or Holland “must come up with something impressive and unusual in terms of content and style. Five hundred pages of Franzen-like details about popular mores in Belgrade or Warsaw would not attract a large advance.” He cites the struggles of editors in various European countries to sell foreign rights for their authors. Worse, for readers less concerned for popular mores (such as the size of advances) than discovering novels exploring content and style, what Parks calls “direct, unmediated contact between a writer and reader” may not survive such translation because “the final product will be flattened and standardized”.
Thanks for reading, please enjoy responsibly. Drink Craft, Molson/Labatt/Miller/Anheuser-Busch don’t need anymore money to feed their delusions.
Melt white almond bark in microwave in 30 second intervals until melted. Make sure to melt and color all bark before starting. Then, line your small cookie sheet with wax paper. Place sucker sticks on the pan with a good amount of space in between them (about 5-6 suckers per pan). Now I make these suckers free form and I think that is what makes them so awesome. Make sure to start your drizzle over the sucker stick first then start creating the rest of your shape. (Take a look at my picture for some guidelines.) Time for the faces! This is the time to let your kids help. As soon as the suckers are done, place in the freezer for about 10 minutes to set. Peel suckers off the wax paper and start again.
15 oz (1 can) Pumpkin Puree- not the pie mix
Also, gravity begins to have an effect on our noses as well. At some point, the upturned nose begins to droop downward and the upturned cute nose disappears, replaced by the lower hanging, larger nose of an adult or older person.
I destroyed the evidence.
Stone Brewing Co. Stone Old Guardian Barley Wine Style Ale 2006
come on, and when it does, the devil had better watch out!
But with Creed, we try to pull information out of him. Creed had already decided on 2 friends that he wanted to invite.
I'm stoked. Since this 'step' competition at work I've been hitting the DDR pretty hard. Last week I passed a couple of songs on heavy (that's the hard mode).
and then he went to the vet, who told me that he was 16 pounds overweight, and i realized the folly of my ways. after that he got no more people food, and he eventually lost the 16 pounds. but i kept buying him gravy train.
I took some pictures during the process of making this little quilt. Hopefully you will enjoy seeing what this orphaned block went through and how all the little details were added along the way. I'll let the pictures do the talking...
Twenty minutes had past, and in that twenty minutes, a friendship was regained. He had apologized for all of the hurtful things he had done to me, because he had gone through the same situation recently. That was, in all honesty, the nicest thing anybody could have ever done for me.
Where the lines of wrong and right blurred into shadows on the wall
End of beginnings and end of ends–
Here's a close-up:
Do it for singing toddlers and for my old man
James is now long gone and the trail on Finn has been lost as well. So now everyone is MIA. Mary finally goes home and goes to her safe hiding place to look at pictures of her dad and it gets her thinking about James’ blind spot. Mary calls O’Connor to tell him that her dad used to use a plumbing van, but he won’t listen, he’s too busy thinking about going to the border where he thinks James is headed.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. – Winston Churchill
I'll post more pictures when I get the hardware installed along with a few more things that need doing, but I couldn't wait to show you the progress. I'm pretty thrilled with the change.
But now I’m back, and the slowed down time last week went quicker than ever and I’m speeding up again, all of a sudden there’s five essays, a pile of homework and an eager anticipation that comes with waiting for an e-mail that will be like a jewel among the thorns.
Some of us don’t want to talk about it. All of us want the media to drop it. But they are vultures, and a story is a story. I’ve had to be the bearer of bad news to some friends who have moved/moved on, and it doesn’t get any easier because every one wants a “reason.”
The world we live in is not “black and white.” It’s not even “shades of grey.” It’s multicolored, a rainbow, with every color coming in myriad hues and tones and shades. And the religious tradition we share, our Unitarian Universalist faith, calls on us to recognize this complexity; to acknowledge it; to embrace it; and to live in it.
If I believe judgement is bad, then that's being judgmental lol. It's not the words we use that matter so much as the perception of those words in the hearer, and the intent in the speaker.
