It would probably be better in (Holy Crap! Brainstorm!) the barleywine we want to brew. Well, that I want to do. More on that later. . .
Overabundance of Red and White:
Either way, I thought I'd tell you lot about it because, frankly, it's the most interesting thing that is going to happen to me today and at least it will save me wittering about the state of the publishing industry, or the evils of Facebook.
5-6 “He did the same thing at noon, and again at three o’clock. At five o’clock he went back and found still others standing around. He said, ‘Why are you standing around all day doing nothing?’
Today I said farewell to my only brother, David Rivero. David was a singer and songwriter in love with country music. Not having had one music lesson in his life, he picked up a guitar one day, and just started playing, following the footsteps of our father. His children now do the same. He went on to write music, my favorite being "Midnight Rainbow". That song among many, went to the top of the hit lists in Europe. His music will live on, being that his songs have been contracted and will be sung by other artists.
happen in the studio," she says. "But then a lot of the times
What a beautiful cover, just in time for fall.
I have a hankering for them.
We've been super busy too. While it's nice that we're from the same hometown it makes visiting difficult since there's so much family we need to see. We bounce from house to house, trying to see our parents, siblings, aunts etc.
While teaching English in the Cayman Islands in the late 1970s, White made repeated flights over Cuba, dropping hundreds of thousands of gospels provided by VOM (then called Jesus to the Communist World). The gospel drops were a response to Fidel Castro’s ordered destruction of 100,000 Bibles, which were ground up in sugar mills. In May 1979, White’s private plane crashed on a Cuban highway. He was arrested and sentenced to 24 years in prison for his evangelistic work.
The past couple of days we tackled the respiratory system. It was a bit of a challenge to get Boo excited to learn about lungs... honestly, how many four year olds are excited to learn about lungs! And although she was convinced our lung activities would be boring, we ended up having a pretty good time. And I think we actually learned a few things along the way!!!
These were both on the last wiped show, also in video form, and in this precise order too. Someone getting lazy at the end of the year? I know the Christmas show production is a big commitment, but...
In a bid to get a ruling that his wife’s identity was not reported, Mr Harrington spoke of her “deteriorating health conditions”, saying she suffered from “very severe stomach conditions, asthma and various other conditions affected by stress”.
Me: Oh, that flashing light? That is a tower, and the flashing light on top keeps planes from flying into it because it's hard to see at night.
There are a few more in there, but nothing to write home about. I still have some very cool ones still in my Netflix queue.
· Don’t commit if you won’t follow through
This record took about a week to record, same with the EP from two years ago. And I feel like in between the two I kind of harnessed where I wanna be, where I wanna take this record, and the next, and the next…I’ve gotten these great oppurtunities to tour with wonderful people. I guess in that way Ive gone farther than I expected, but that has nothing to do with me and everything to do with the wonderful support around me (like Midlake, Norah, Kirtland bringing me on the label). People just looking out for me, ya know? I hope to always be able to travel, and expand my sound in different ways. I look forward to things like that..growing as an artist..If I can continue to do that, that would be a success.
This passage inspires in me tremendous hope for the church. It gives me hope because I see a vibrant community of faith, hope and love that is not dependent on a building or the legitimation of civil authorities. This is a marginal community in Jerusalem. This is not primarily a community made up of the elite and powerful. In fact, many had needs.
Here are the blogs that caught my attention this year:
And immediately after the Office Christmas Lunch came the Office Christmas Party, but fortunately (being Dive … see old Christmas Party posts) I managed to skip out before that happened.
Athletics are required at Dana Hall as part of the school’s commitment to wellness – but for riders, that’s not a concern, as the campus’s amazing equestrian center and riding program are considered part of the athletic program, allowing you to fulfill both your wishes and the school’s mandate. Sarah Summers is head of the Dana Hall riding program and, as an alumna of the school herself, she has a deep passion for all things Dana Hall and a wide ranging experience in the horse industry that makes her top-notch in her field. (Her contagious enthusiasm for her program doesn’t hurt either.)
Those of us old enough to have studied American History back before the Progressives invented “Social Studies,” understand that our Founders formed a constitutional republic, not a democracy. The notion that it would ever be empowered to violate the property rights of a minority, at the whim of the majority, and confiscate the earnings of industrious citizens for redistribution among the indolent, would have been anathema to them. These proud representatives of our self-sufficient pioneering stock considered charity, and such “social engineering” by nosey busybodies as they might have tolerated, to be within the purview of the church, not a coercive Federal government.
JC: The Emperor Napoleon was surprised that his marshals were uneasy over the plan to attack Wellington. They had fought the duke in Spain and knew how good he was, especially in defense. Napoleon had never fought Wellington, was overconfident, and dismissed his underlings with, “I tell you that Wellington is a bad general, the English are bad troops, and this will be a picnic!” Yes, the great Napoleon actually said that (in French – ce sera l’affaire d’un déjuner).
Did Dorian Gray ever paint me strange sea monsters,
Simon has some wonderful photos on his facebook page of his GOLD MEDAL win in the 500m at the 2011 World Short Track Speedskating Championships in March. Congratulations to you Simon!
1-2 medium tomato(es)
4. As with much progressive rock, Sebastian Hardie’s music takes as much from orchestral music as it does from rock and roll. Which classical composers are on your iPod?
Once everything was mixed together, I baked the cake, chopped and toasted the macadamia nuts and prepared the topping, which I ended up doubling. A few online reviewers suggested doing so, and even though a move like that meant more calories, I followed suite. Hey, isn't breakfast supposed to be the biggest, most satisfying meal of the day? And I've yet to meet the man who doesn't consider butter, brown sugar and coconut to be satisfying.
Livin in the USA
I just don't see it that way. I believe a dog wants to live for as long as it can live. And it is my job, nay, duty to help them do so as pain-free as possible in that situation. But my stand now is I'm not going to inject my dog with something that's going to kill it. It... wow. wow. I can't believe I'm here. I remember this conversation while Nic was in his second year of vet school. A senior that had graduated came over for drinks and pizza, and I could see her crumple in front of me when she said: I don't want this. I didn't gain all this knowledge and skill so that I can spend my days killing dogs. I've been out seven months and I've put down more than 60 dogs. And the worst part is - when I see a puppy brought into the clinic now, I feel so incredibly sad because I know in that cupboard there is a way to end its life in under 30 seconds.
28 And his servants carried him in a chariot to Jerusalem, and buried him in his sepulchre with his fathers in the city of David.
H: Why was that wrong?
First I am moving towards a vegan lifestyle. I have removed all red meat from my diet and am eating mostly oily fish (ie., salmon) as well as chicken and turkey. For the time being no more alcohol and I am following a 1600 calorie per day diet consisting mostly of vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, eggs, yogurts and again only white meats and fish. Dark chocolate, olive oil and olives are also in diet daily.
Hello, my name is Leah and I am a breadmaker.
Blue Coat, with Blue Lappels and round Cuffs; the Lappels to have One Row of Gold Lace, and the Cuffs and Pockets Two; laced Button-Holes:—- Two Gold Epaulettes:—- Gold-laced Hat, White Lining:—- White Waistcoat and Breeches.
Those of you who can't resist Prima Goodies, raise your hands...LOL I'm right there with you all...
With visible tracks I am walking.
This time I've use this week's Weekend Sketch Challenge - I am very late and missed out on having it done in time for the prize, but it's been a rough week.
The frustrating aspect of the plaintiff BATA’s submissions is that its senior counsel Allan Myers QC (no doubt for sound tactical reasons) assumes without much reasoning or analysis that the plaintiff’s trade marks include broad property rights to use those marks on and about their products, rights which have been extinguished by the Tobacco Plain Packaging Act 2011 (Cth). The plaintiff then argues that the Commonwealth has not just extinguished its rights but has effected an “acquisition” within s 51(xxxi) in that the Commonwealth obtains a “corresponding benefit” through being able to use the packaging space vacated by its prohibition of display of the plaintiff’s trade marks for the Commonwealth’s purposes, namely display of anti-smoking messages, Quitline advertisements and deliberately ugly colour and design intended to deter smoking.
Also, I'm a Binghamton Mets guy myself.
How can she win over her poisonous boss when she’s not even trusted to arrange the paperclips?
-Kyan wrote (well I did the actual writing, while he narrated the story to me) a story complete with illustrations titled 'The Adventure of Pirate Peg Leg and his Super Parrot'.
PS This post is Isaac Asimov. Far out.
/opt/VRTS/man/man4
The remaining half of Bolam Street School was used by the local sea cadets group and the city council for something or other in recent years until it's closure a few months back.
At the end of 2010 I attended two English Defence League meetings to see how the organisation could be incorporated within a political party and to look at its political intentions for the future. In January 2011 I attended a meeting of the English Democrats council in order to discuss possible affiliation and to talk over their manifesto and political aims. Neither of these avenues progressed further. In April, I wrote to all four leaders of the main nationalist/patriotic parities and group, suggesting unification.
Henry woke up around 7am and we did Easter here. He was really excited as soon as I said the word "presents" and had a good time exploring all of the little things we had picked out for his basket. We gave him a bunch of small items like snacks, coloring/reading books, and a couple special toys, and then also got him one "bigger" item- a mini bowling set. He had a great time with it.
I want to tell you every single thing about my dad, and who knows, over time maybe I will.
So many great idea's to show the amazing moms/grandma's/stepmoms/mom-in-laws/women in our lives how much we love and appreciate them! Now I've just got to figure out what I'm going to do and get it done :)
Nomination 1: @SimonJohnson
“I initially thought that since Mr Chen is a lawyer and an economist at the same time, he would be able to explain himself clearly. But he didn’t bother to do so.”
I mainly left Memphis because “it’s hard to have original ideas when you are surrounded by people who all have the same experiences as you” (Jonathan Harris). I love Memphis. I do. But it is impossible to grow as a person when everyone in the city has known you forever. Memphis is a funny town in that is a small community spread out. You can’t go to a restaurant without bumping into someone you know. And if people still think of you as the girl you were in high school, how can you grow into the woman you want to be?
This unique take on stew is easy, and delicious! With a chicken broth base, and a wonderful blend of herbs and spices, this stew is loaded with meaty sausage pieces, potatoes, and carrots. This meal is sure to warm your soul on those chilly fall nights. This dish will hold a permanent spot on the menu.
—The Problem of evil
This was made last Thursday during all the bad weather. The pillow is on the sofa-for my cat naps. She crawled under it during all the rain. What a cutie.
One of the most blatant examples, and the one which initially precipitated this idea, is in Gallery 23, west wall, under the Unpleasant Surprise masterpiece by Henri Rousseau. There is a bear attacking a maiden in the painting, and on the blanket chest below it, is an ursine face scaring us; confronting us with a similar danger (and possibility, in the form of a saving rifleman). The arrangement formula is slightly different here: two ears are created by candlesticks; two eyes by tankards, their handles angling towards the back corners, implying furrowed brow and menacing face. The nose, septum and slightly grinning mouth is created by a particularly unusual item, used in the production of wax-covered rush lights, called a "grisset".
After my weary body I had rested,
At the second after-show party, she and I resumed a conversation (we began it in 2007) about how she was fitted for a dress by the great Balmain when she was appearing in a revue in Paris. During her fitting, she was tipped off that the couturier was working on a wedding dress … for a certain Rita Hayworth. Annie ”hipped me” – as the jazz guys say -to a biography of Balmain’s right-hand woman, Ginette Spanier, a few years back and I finally managed to track down a copy recently. I’ll report back once I’ve read it..
"We have had cases where police officers have become involved in crime," he said. "We will root them out and the law must take its course."
overly investing in areas that do not matter? How can we reallocate our
Hope everyone who is walking this journey too had a good week!
an auxiliary strap means composed of a single unitary material made of the same
Heavy cream – 2/3 cup or less
they landed on my tongue
Wow, I'm absolutely captured by the beauty of sea and Syrenas when reading this book. It made me miss the sea so badly. I really loved Anna Banks' writing style. It's funny, it's fun, it's sweet and it's romantic! So I read this book in the bus and I practically laughed when reading funny bits and I'm guessing people are looking at me and thinking 'why is this girl laughing to herself?' I love how Poseidon is not a Greek god of sea or just a myth but instead a Syrena. I love the new and unique concept of mermaids Banks came up with in Of Poseidon and how different it was to the original mermaids we are used to know of. The ending made me want to scream on top of my lungs. I need Of Triton now. I will grow fins if it means I can get the next book now. Deal?
I was fortunate enough to recently pick up a Ruger SR1911. It's a handsome looking gun, and the gals think so too (although I have to admit up front a bias towards anything Ruger). I don't like giving opinions or reviewing something I haven't had significant experience and time with, but the initial impressions are very good. I've put a little over 400 rounds through it, mostly 230gr FMJs of Winchester White Box and Federal along with 60 rounds Winchester PDX1.
After my lovely wife translated my question, his response was, “Because it’s never full.”
3. The best things... come to those who deserve them!
Today, you see collectors worshiping '80s players like I held '70s players up on a pedestal. There is a lot of love for Murphy and Gwynn among the thirtysomething crowd. I was in my 20s when they played, and they were good, but I never thought they were legendary.
Let the cakes cool for 10 mins then turn out on wire racks. Let them cool completely before icing.
Bord Gais Eireann, Alternative Energy, Deals By Region, 2006 to YTD 2012 6
which you cannot answer.
10 - Let The Good Times Roll 03:49
I anticipated trouble but after a night of kicking the duvet off and me getting up every half an hour to make sure her covers were on, she has decided she likes it. When I went through this morning I was greeted by a very cheeky baby grin from under one corner of a big white duvet. Very cute. I also figure that when she does move to a bed I may have a little bit less of a transition to cope with. One can but hope.
Thank you all again.
They have been told they can keep them (and wear them!!!) after the games. My goodness - wouldn't red, white and blue been more appropriate?
I find myself in those situations a lot.
Lenny's next album, '5', includes the hit singles "Fly Away", which earned him a Grammy for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance in 1999, "Thinking Of You", dedicated to his mother and "Little Girl's Eyes", written for his daughter.
"Well, I don't know how many viewers you're talking about that say that."
The year 2012 is a milestone for me. It marks 40 years since my first job in the field of developmental disabilities – 35 of those have been with the same organization. It’s hard to imagine a more vibrant piece of this field’s history than the one since 1972. The I/DD field of the 1970s (probably inspired by the civil rights era of the 1960s) saw an explosion of activity; the birth of countless community options, the expansion of education and research, the emergence of whole new professions and specialties. And, there was money. In 1971, federal dollars flowed in the form of funding for ICF-DDs and the eventual waiver programs that followed.
To make my scene, I used a few, just a few of the new Make It Crafty Paris elements for the background, there are so many elements, the possibilities are just endless! It took me a very long time to decide which ones I would use and I know I'll be using them A LOT - and not just because I am French LOL!!!
Soubry is traveling to Wales for the weekend to meet up with Welsh family and his own siblings for a solemn occasion: to scatter half of his mother's ashes on the cliffs where she walked in her youth. March 23rd marked the one year anniversary of her death. Simply put, I miss her. The above photo was taken by Soub at our first 'outing' together: tea at a lovely cafe in Oakwood, Leeds. It is hard to believe that this photo is almost 5 years old! But I remember the occasion well - feeling nervous and a bit intimidated by this petite lady with an ever present twinkle in her eye. I had met her earlier in the week at her home and found her to be quite warm and welcoming. Not once did she question my intentions (which were honorable!), where I was staying (love the British reserve), or even how I met her son (who is/was a favorite). I am certain we circled each other a bit, taking one's measure, and thankfully found that we had much in common.
Anyway those talents are displayed, practised, in the Greenaways solid double bed and Delia is not reluctant in that respect. It is only that Raymond does like to refer to it in a way Delia finds embarrassing, and does seem always to be thinking about it. There are other things to be thinking about. The choir, singing, for instance.
I'm the one who's going to pay the price for what I don't have, and I'm
I have enormous respect for event planners as everything must be timed and done perfectly as you are not given the opportunity for a second chance. The stress level is even more intense than working on a client installation. This was the case for Estera's wedding (see previous post). I thought my checklist was a perfection...arrangement samples presented and approved by the future bride, vases ordered, flowers specified, counted and ordered with just enough time for them to open to perfection on the wedding day. Well, I forgot one element...the weather. How could I have forgotten about the weather? The last wedding I hosted in my house for my best friend, took place during a hurricane, which flooded my courtyard with 10" of water.
Overall the book was truly fantastic to read. There were the same fascinating characters and plot with a lot of detail and development. But there came the problem. There was a lot of detail. I love detail but there was a lot that it got a little long in certain areas. Of course all the other areas were great to read.
Roman W. DeSanctisa
The apostle Paul often received better treatment from the Pagan Gentiles than he did from his own people, the Jews. This is indeed strange for the Gentiles either were atheistic or they worshipped strange gods, whereas the Jews worshipped the same God, as did Paul.
Which is why we adopted a dog. Not a puppy, because I'm not completely insane. I'm open to chaos, not destruction. But a dog? A fully-grown, mostly-trained rescue dog who needed us even more than we needed him? No problem! So now we deal with dog hair, and the steam mop is in frequent rotation. But that's cool. I got this. Because a happy Labrador Retriever (look at that tail in motion, and tell me he's not happy...) is just the right amount of chaos and sometimes, it can be about the journey.
But there has been a deep, dark feeling of uselessness inside me for a while. Several years ago a culmination of events and major life changes sent me into this downward spiral. But in the simplest terms, it just boils down to not having anything important or meaningful to fill my time...outside of work, loved ones, friends, family. Having something of your own, that matters to you is very important to feeling fullfilled in life.
So....I will begin my blogging break this week and continue to the first of August. I hope that those of you who follow me will come back then. I am sure I will go around visiting when I first get back so that I can catch up on your news and to let you know that I am blogging again.
But, after a few years, when we were both teenagers, Marsha and I would still visit, but by then we were at the age where we tried to act older than we really were. Marcia's piano playing inspired me to take up music. She introduced me to the Beatles - I first heard "Hey, Jude" on her radio.
To guard an enterprise from uncertainties, it is important to have it covered by insurance. There’s a number of significant factors to go over when ever an industry expert is quoting commercial insurance product.
Level 17: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 13.5%.
180g chicken breast
And what's this - There's No Such Thing As Aliens? Surely the existence of Sparks is proof against that theory?
Of course, there is a lot of anecdotal evidence that almost everyone can share, but there are also numerous studies supporting this, including:
· INSPIRE - Inspiring others to see their natural and inner beauty
This cake is more like a sweet bread or muffin than a cake, not overly sweet. So serve it with honey butter, crème fraîche, or a tall glass of milk, almond is my favorite.
Being human (and a woman) that can be difficult to do, but I want to make it a point to glorify His Name with my life---my actions and my words. And it all begins with Him- knowing Him and thirsting to know more and more and more!
There are a number of places where Holmes makes (over?)statements that demand, at the very least, further clarification or explanation. So, for example, Holmes’ claim that the natural post-Fall world is no longer able to function as a ‘theatre of life’ (a claim, prima face, I think, which is undermined by this very book), or that Scripture’s display of what is really going on in the world is ‘especially the case with respect to John’s Gospel’ (a claim that requires some further argument; it certainly betrays the fact that in writing this book Holmes has been living in John’s Gospel). More significant and obvious by their omission are any sustained discussions on prayer, and on the sacraments. These would, I think, have made this a more satisfying book, building on the already-significant exposition of Christ’s immanent reign among and over his people in his prophetic, priestly and royal ministry.
Activity- Introduce activity: What are we supposed to do during Lent? (We are to change and become more like Jesus.)
Some of the less racy remarks included: ‘Tulisa disappointed me, not once did she slap the mic on her face.’
I’ve worked the games since 1978, and I’ve worked with the Emergency Squad for 26 years. (I’m an EMT.) I was an EMT with Rescue 8 North Huntingdon. I saw a man with an EMT patch and asked what he did; and he helped me put in an application, and I started working almost immediately. We help with people who get sick, or have a heart attack; whatever it takes. The last few years I’ve worked as an usher.
Still, I wanted something that would allow me to quickly and easily carry my toddler on my back (something less bulky and heavy than my hiking backpack). So I checked out http://www.bobababycarrier.com/. Their website is great because they have thorough comparisons of the types of baby carriers, and they specifically compare the Boba to the Ergo. Some of the differences that really sold me on the Boba are these:
-The way it happened was this: Lies, -the kind of lies that are invented to muddy facts and question truths inconvenient to the powerful, the Rich, the Establishment were created to be appealing to the believer. That’s the only way they could work. These lies gave the listener something in return for “buying in.”
of course there will be social consequences for this post. shit, just speaking up to her last week was a partial death to my social life…but i had to. i did not lose all this weight, go through months of therapy, make many adjustments to my mind and body to not be myself. i am done being a people pleaser. i.am.done. if it means less friends, new friends, no friends...i am ok....because for the rest of my life i have to live with me, me, me and i will not ever let anyone get in the way of the real me again.
Plump foam and froth pillows
Because a self-published book sinks right to the bottom of the publishing pond. The books that sell the most are the ones that get publicity--trade published books, independent press books and e-published books. The self-published books that break through those to rise to the top either have an author with a well-known name (like Stephen King) or a well-known platform (either because of a built-in readership or through the marketing efforts the author puts into the released book). Most self-published books don't get that. They get bought by family and friends, who leave glowing reviews on Amazon that nobody reads. Self-published authors also find it difficult to get reviewed, one of the traditional methods of getting people interested in their books. Do you know why?
Alas Rudie, as you may have learned, the taming of the shrew can require a lifetime of work. You may have cut the hydra's head only to discover seven more sprouted in its place.
My kids were severely stressed. My older son Nathaniel, who has an excellent memory of the most minute details back to the age of two, cannot remember Christmas that year. Every year before and since, yes. That year is a blank. My daughter Serena remembers being sick a lot that year, calling it “emotionally sick.” I was stressed and worried, so they were too. My ex was angry and hurt, and repeatedly attacked me through the court system. I could barely bring myself to speak to him face to face since he could barely conceal his disdain and anger toward me. Of course my kids felt this. The situation felt hopeless. The court would not support me. I had to find a way out, something that could bring change to all of us.
Fuck the lot of them.
examines the empty rooms.
I wonder if you think we're rude. I wonder if you think we're normal in neighborhood social norms.
I will be surprised if I ever get an apology. In fact, I am confidant the deception will be blamed on me. I will even be considered a biatch for taking issue to the deception.
Do you have a favorite scene, if so what is it? My fave scene is the scene that seems to already be dividing readers -- the “underwater” sequence. I’ll say no more, but I honestly enjoyed writing that, every word of it, so that’s probably my favorite.
$1.00 of 2 Seasonal Items (4.0oz or greater)
The question begs to be asked – why are we charged so much for so little? The easy answer – we continue to pay it. One could argue that concessioneers could stand to benefit from selling more beer at a lesser profit margin, but to what end? We all remember the tale of 1974′s famed 10 Cent Beer Night at Municipal Stadium. $10 at that game would have procured 100 beers. Big problem there on the drive home – but still, price gouging like this can only be seen in airports after passing security or by American contractors in Iraq.
this joy
American dominance in Men’s Beach Volleyball hadn’t been done since Karch Kiraly back in 1996, 2000. This was a 3 setter barn burner, that went back and forth. Brazil, was surely the best the U.S. had faced in Beijing at the Chaoyang Park venue.
CPT and Jake and Tom got home around 9pm, and we talked about the "stealing" thing, and it didn't go too well. Well, not horrible, but Jake didn't like it. Tom took it ok. But then, he's Neuro-typical.... CPT went to work on his truck, and I blogged. Yeah, that's about it. I'm ready for bed. It's 10:30 pm now, and I'm sleepy. Night, all! See ya tomorrow :)
The only downside is now Carly is sometimes left out because she is still "a baby."
But I never hurt anybody and I don’t intend to
Cats or dogs?
Answer the following questions….
The hardliners in the Big Brother have apparently prevailed in the handling of tomorrow Bersih 3.0 gathering.
The more the government remains quiet and refuses to investigate the attacks on our children, then the more the radicals in our community can assert with truth that the police and government are now complicit with the criminals who are terrorising our children and communities.
That you cannot survive as a whole.
We booked our hot air balloon ride. Remember a few months ago when there was a groupon type offer for half price? Well we reserved for the 24th. Of course it all depends on the weather. They had morning and evening option. I asked what time the morning option was and they said 5:30am. It is to laugh. The place is 45 minutes from here. So of course we took the evening option.
Shirt: I’m Sweet Tee, Full- 1 Hundred (Kawaii Fair)
- Eating lots of my boyfriend's delicious cinnamon buns and Hershey Bliss chocolates
I had a bag of Soy Curls and some red lentils in my cabinet just waiting for a good use. And girl was this ever a good use! The curry-spiced lentil and Soy Curl mash, served over brown rice, just melted in my mouth. I put the stuff in the Crock Pot at night, went to sleep, and woke to the heavenly smell of an Indian restaurant.
Manuel Zelaya from office, Hondurans are still living under a
I set up a new Blu-Ray player in the boys' room yesterday. Then I downloaded the LG remote app to my phone and can now control the Blu-Ray WITH MY PHONE. Technology is so crazy. A couple weeks ago, some friends and I were discussing how we have all given our old smart phones to our children (and we wonder why they're assholes!) meanwhile most of us were born into houses that still had rotary phones. And our teen years were spent wandering from room to room trying to a better signal on the cordless. And the only "mobile" phones we had were the bag kind that could plug into your car cigarette lighter. Again -- technology is so crazy.
but for me it’s kitchen knives.
torn
48.Drumming fingers. Nothing shows boredom like drumming your fingers on a table or desk. Well, except maybe rubbing the back of your neck or pointing your body or feet toward the door.
Anyway, I would LOVE LOVE LOVE to give to all the great things that I hear about, but we can't. So, I choose the few that we can help monetarily, and we decide to pray and cry for the others. And thank God every single day that we are SO blessed to have a healthy and beautiful child...a child who never goes hungry, who has lots of shoes and too many toys and is surrounded by friends and family who love him unconditionally.
So that’s Sam Lipsyte. Now, as far as Gary Lutz- the other well-known writer I’ll be reading with- who wrote “The Divorcer,” which I haven’t read- in fact I haven’t read anything by him at all and I’m not going to lie to him and tell him I did or should I? Let’s see what happens. I may never meet him at all. Then again, I wonder whether I’ll read before these guys or at the end of the evening when the audience has dwindled to a precious or perhaps inert few and has already been sated with quirky ironic funny yet occasionally poignant short fiction.
When Courtney came out, the real fun began. Courtney’s agent had her auditioning big time for a role where she needs to cry. I’m sorry, I am a veteran of crying women, having served 3 tours when my wife had multiple female roommates and let me just say that wasn’t real crying. She could turn it off in two seconds. Here’s my rule of crying. I don’t believe you unless you cry ugly. I mean, with the exception of Sally Field, a woman turns into a newborn baby when she’s REALLY crying. You can’t just shut if off unless you are in a movie acting. Which is what Swimsuit Issues was doing.
So, here are 7 things about me that you probably won't find interesting, but here goes.
1,349 — spots in parking Lot M
Cool completely before cutting.
I think it’s out there. I think with the proper foundation of trust and respect and (oh yeah, here’s the KEY) communication, it absolutely can happen.
The Halloween weekend wasn't quite as busy as everyone thought it would be. It was still busy, but not as busy as is it had fallen on a Friday or Saturday. I saw some pretty good costumes and took a few pictures, but once we started getting busy I really didn't have time to snap any pics. It seemed as though there were quite a few house parties compared to previous years. All in all it was a a pretty good weekend.
I have a beautiful vintage crewel embroidery on a down stuffed wool pillow that accented this art beautifully, (as seen on a chair that I also sold, *sniff*)... but I RUINED it! I wasn't thinking and washed the thing... now it is all moldy and the embroidery colors ran. I am so upset with myself. I may just cut the front part off and try to frame it?
5. Implications of the Redesigned Arena.
Another good reason is the ability to have more control over your financial decisions in tough times. When you work for someone else, you have no way to know if your department is the one that’s getting the ax until the slips arrive. On the other hand, if you own your own business, you know exactly what the financial realities are. You can make the important decisions right there, instead of sitting back and worrying about whether some corporate official knows exactly what’s going on when he decides to cut costs.
Next moment may be a death that prevents them to breathe any more. But a mere death never pulls them back from fighting harder.
145 Seventh Ave South at Charles Street
Generally I have been happy to put my own name to my activity online (also shortened versions as my name is distinct enough for people in my sector to recognise me). My main blogging outlet being a group blog is an issue for personal brand. Indeed the lack of a clear personal brand was one of the issues picked up when myself and Hanna Lewin spoke at HLG Conference in Salford about the group blog experience. It is notable also that people really struggle with the blog name (and that the “what’s an informaticist” page gets lots of hits!). I did have an experimental blog for some KM learning which could be revived. A long with my own name I have been happy enough to use my own picture (mucked about with of late as result of trying out an online tool). I can understand why some might shy away from using their picture though.
When it comes to work that breaks these story principles we don’t lack the examples, but we still lack the vocabulary. I was really hoping this book would help me to articulate my experience…
Also, I will only be able to make a few more books with a guaranteed Christmas delivery. I would love for you all to get the first chance to purchase one so if you are interested in buying a Busy Book send me an email and I can put up a special listing just for you.
I got the quilt out, and my paint bucket and picked the colors that best coordinated... not matched exactly. After all, I was adding them to the lime green walls (which I've been told in person is much more the color of a granny smith apple, instead of a lime)
I don’t know about you, but I am completely confident in my writing. When I finish my revisions (which, whatever, I don’t need to do, because my story is already full of awesome) I’m going to query and every agent will want my story. I know I’ll have the same response from the Big Six. My book will go to auction and I’ll sign a seven figure, seven book deal, and the movies based on my books will double The Hunger Games opening weekend. I am never insecure about my writing; in fact, I don’t even know what insecure means.
Hard as it is for me not to want to get to know them more, just knowing they exist, and that there may be some mutual interest…but I am trying. I am reminded of Cat Stevens’ lyrics in ‘Father and Son’, and hear the concerned father in both him and Steinbeck, whispering to me, “Don’t rush.”, trying to warn me of this electric fence.
Now you start promoting. Of course you'll place an announcement in all the free local online and print calendars, but that's not enough. You promised the publisher a certain amount of promotion for the event so now you're going to spend money promoting the event via your print and online newsletter, and probably place some sort of advertising in a local paper. You'll create in-store signage that is visible and prominently placed. (The publisher may also throw in a 24 x 26 foam-core blow-up of the book jacket that may or may not be destroyed by the time it arrives.) Let's say that all of this (except the foam-core sign) comes to about $400 (a low estimate, btw). Let’s count the cost of the extra two booksellers you add to the schedule to work the event (We won’t count the salary of the event manager). 4 hours x $9 an hour x 2 persons = $72. Now let's say that you order in 120 copies of the book. This is an optimistic order but you don't want to disappoint the author or the publisher, so you bring in enough books to create decorative stacks around the store.
" The meaning of life is that it ends."
HOW TO PLAY
Also: Check out Carol's Daughter's body butters.
I am not sure if this is just for me to vocalize so that I can feel it more deeply and put it to practice in my thoughts and life or if I feel so burdened because I am meant to share it for others benefit. I am going with the I need to share it. If that gets rid of my burden I will know I did the right thing.
Press 3/4 of the crust mixture evenly into the bottom of your greased 9x13 glass pan. Set aside while you make your filling.
him underground. Wet feet, wet cuffs,
April is a busy month of birthdays in the Erwin house.
But if this is the case, (thousands of jobs have been created in the past few months) isn’t paying more at the pump a small price to pay to have people working again? What happened to taking the bus, riding a bike, or even walking to your destination?
This was one of my favourite recipes. Raisins and nuts send kale to heights like it's never known. Here I have it served over some brown rice, but I quite often make it just as a vegetable side.
Min 20: “Blogging is dead.”
- Ethical Considerations in the use of Internet
Good Luck Mountain is the new project from Tandy frontman Mike Ferrio. The self titled release is essentially a project to commemorate Tandy member Drew Glackin, who passed away suddenly in 2008. As a musical mix it covers a vast spread of genres from complex rock to soul and minimal ambiance; a mix as vast and varied as the musical talents it employs: from Konrad Meissner (The Silos, Matt Nathanson) to Jason Mercer (Ron Sexsmith, Ani DiFranco), Pavement’s Sibel Firat and The Damnwell’s, and finally violinist Eleanor Whitmore and Lucy Hollier on viola, who provide Good Luck Mountain with its very heart via solemn country refrains.
Coal looked up startled into the face of an old man, who was bent over peering down his nose at Coal. He smiled showing few teeth and straightened up looking behind him he motioned to Coal and said
I’m sure my South African readers are by now GATVOL of being reminded that 18 July is Nelson Mandela Day. Our radios and television sets have been reminding us, about every 10-15 minutes - that whatever we do on 18 July, it MUST be done for Madiba. I wonder if the promo of this campaign has also been so intense in overseas countries, for it is, after all - supposed to be an International Day. It was declared as such in November 2009, by the UN General Assembly – (who else?), in recognition of the former South African President’s contribution to the culture of peace and freedom… in case you forgot!
So Kristen and I are going to be posting our results every day or two and also giving you our reactions about the program. Consider it our review on if this program works and the pros and cons to it! I know the blog will mainly be about this for the next month, but I am sure these posts will also give our readers tips and ideas for their own weight loss, diet and exercise programs. We will also be sharing our answers to the journal entries and encourage anyone fighting with losing weight to take the time to answer those questions privately…or publicly if you are so inclined.
Irene Main of the National Taxpayers Union has asked consumers of municipal water countrywide to write her about their own local water-quality and sewage processing -- for her report to the World Health Organisation in Geneva. Ms Main recently asked the international health body’s assistance in putting pressure on the ANC-regime to enforce the country’s own National Water Act and Chapter 3 of the country’s own Constitution. However the SA government denies that there’s any problem. WHO now asks local residents to provide first-person accounts of the quality of their own water- and sewage-reticulation.
And for the record, I do apply the same standard to myself. So when I am assigned to bring someone (usually a stranger) cookies for church because their hair got over-processed at the salon, I drop those cookies with a nice note on the porch and run like a bandit.
At my school, we have HF words that each grade is expected to learn. The first words that go up are always the names of my students, but after that I started reviewing Grade 1 words and then start on Grade 2 words. We play games with the Word Wall to help us learn the words that are on there. I use activities and games from this book the most.
As a group, we decided to separate our research into “Judy R Clark’s 7 Steps to Success” which we thought were good points that she mentioned when having your own design business.
6 cups chicken broth
Every year for the past 7 years my family has spent Labor Day weekend at a cabin together. My mom started this tradition and we have happily continued it. I think it is a weekend we all look forward to. I feel especially lucky that we get together every year on this weekend because my birthday is always celebrated! What a better way to celebrate another year than being with everyone I love.
...two women
Owns or has the rights to disclose the licensed know-how and other technical information.
Slight edits by geedeekey@IBB
The unfortunate accident shocked the entire nation, prompting some netizens to ask for Mr Baey’s opinion on his Facebook:
Looking Forward
That's why I keep a copy of The Read-Aloud Handbook and Honey for a Child's Heart close by my side. Seriously. I spoon with them at night! And during the day, I refer to them for titles of quality, life-enriching books to read to my kids.
And this is what eventually happened with the formation of trade guilds, but even then secrecy and jealously often limited innovation.
I think I am off my Meredith Andrews kick so I am putting something fun up before I commence getting ready for church at Monache Band pace and playing alarm clock this morning so someone is not missing church this morning. Life Is A Highway the Rascal Flatts version. I love me some Rascal Flatts :)
Omega was one of the most significant figures in Gallifreyan history. He appeared in the so-called ROO texts as later scholars on Gallifrey would call them, along with his fellows, Rassilon and the Other. According to a story later told by Omega himself, he originally had the name Peylix but adopted the name Omega in response to his teacher, Luvis who would award him the omega grade. By the time of his "death", Omega had married a Gallifreyan known as Patience
But still, the sun continues to shine, the sky is a brilliant blue and the birds are singing. It's so easy to become disconnected from all that is happening, because things seem okay. Unless there is oil in your backyard, or you house crumbled in an earthquake, or you are starving or suffering in some monumental way, your life goes on.
My family went to soba restaurant for lunch after we visited Tsurugaoka Hachimangu near Kamakura Station. This restaurant is not far from the Kamakura Station. It is a tiny restaurant on this small road that branched off of “Komachidori”, which I will post about later.
I wrapped a little bit of The Twinery twine, and MFT Berrylicious ribbon around parts of the card and performed some magic with my Janome Mini Sewing Machine - added the matching sentiment and it was done!
Your Grandpapa
Here’s the question- one of the main characters in the book, Teddy, wonders about why Gods of modern religion created evil in the first place, if one of their main functions is to be against it and signify the opposite of evil, i.e the ultimate good. She goes a step further to wonder whether if she was God, would she have ever created the human race to begin with, and the answer is probably not. For all the trouble we cause I’m sure we’re pretty much a handful. But I digress- what kind of race are we then, that we need definite incentives to be ‘good’? and more importantly, who gets to define what this good is? What is bad? Why can we not redefine this to suit our needs? Why must these concepts remain static? Or do they?
#23 cleansing showers
We will draw a winner to recieve a super special prize package including a Scruffy Dog Collar of your choice, some yummy treats, a cool toy and MORE!
May God’s Grace and Peace be mine in Christ Jesus! Amen!
I hope you enjoyed my project for this week's challenge and don't forget to join in the fun on the Scrapalicious USA Challenge Blog
The first of two UK Subs posts for you and I've bunged them all in one file here for your convenience. 6 videos from TOTP's plus 2 bonus ones for you. Various quality. 171mb and 18 minutes long. Long live Sir Charlie Harper!
So now my treatment is to let my hair air dry with no heat for at least a week.
Ok its video time….yep I feel the need to start your day with a funny…and this is cute, funny & touching and sure to bring a SMILE to your face. A friend showed me this video last week & I just loved it….they said it reminded them of what I might have been like as a young child…bwahahahaha…umm yeah no. I might’ve been a bit “funny” hee hee but I was VERY QUIET & SHY when I was small…NO LIE. Ask my mom & she will agree—I barely talked…then high school came & well I guess all hell broke out cuz my voice suddenly found me & I’ve been using it ever since…and yes I sing loudly…and dance wherever I may be…heehee…lucky you all huh? But this girl will be a star one day for sure…so have fun smiling & watching!
1. It activates your creative reservoir in your subconscious which begins generating ideas and inspired action to take to achieve your goal.
Whether Kaku’s speculative expertise turns out to be right or wrong, I don’t particularly care. As I read the book my intention was never to bone up on the latest in theoretical physics and pump action nanodildos; primarily I read it to fill myself up with fiction fodder.
layers of atmosphere repleted and regained.
Fast forward a few years and I found myself hopelessly not being able to breathe whenever she’s around. Around this time, Bianca and I have been best friends for three years. We’ve even celebrated our third year anniversary—which I’m guessing is a girl thing since I have no idea what it absolutely meant. And what’s worse, I let myself give in to it.
What makes it special to you?
Why was I smiling – this was a conversation I was having with Warren,
I had a scene in a Freedom Camp but really aside from the words, I don’t have much going on there. Eventually Jeannie meets a man. Not a particularly nice or a refined man, in fact he’s something of a bastard, but when Nat goes off on her own adventures, possibly to get lost and never return, Jeannie has to find a way to take care of herself. It turns out she’s not particularly good at that, and having the baby with her doesn’t make things any easier. It doesn’t make her any braver.
...and guys don't think I didn't notice The Wire reference.
* The risk of inflation increases. Philadelphia Federal Reserve President Charles Plosser has warned that the U.S. government’s emergency programs for the economy undermined central bank independence and raised the risk of inflation. “When a nation’s treasury or finance ministry and its central bank work too closely together‚ there is a clear risk that the government’s spending will end up being financed by the central bank’s power to create money‚” Plosser cautions. “History shows us that you can get very bad economic outcomes with rapidly rising inflation.”
6-7 Fresh Strawberries (cut into small bite-size pieces)
About 2 years ago, I was getting tired of the NYC grind and my visits to my sister became more frequent. On one of those visits I went apartment hunting for fun and I actually found a decent apartment in Nob Hill! So I decided to test SF out for a couple of months. A couple of months after that, one block away from my SF apartment, I found the space that was to become the TangoVida studio. Once again, I decided to "test it out".
Different insights into the issue have also been expressed recently by the College of Cardinals. One of the age-old supporters of the re-wording of the national Missals, changed to the Latin pro multis is the Singhalese Cardinal Malcolm Ranijth Patabendige Don. The current Archbishop of Colombo firmly supported the idea of returning to thefor many formula right from the days when he was Secretary of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments in Rome.
- using shampoo on my face and putting face lotion in my hair.
Typically in know-how (or patent and know-how) licences, the know-how royalty period is established by negotiation. Some developing countries limit the term by law, e.g. five to ten years. Still, in many countries the term does not have to be limited, as it does for a patent licence. At the end of the term of a know-how licence, a licensee may be given the right to continue to use the know-how on a royalty-free basis or may be denied the right to continued use unless the know-how licence is renewed. Renewal is then open to negotiation of the royalty rate, but most often the renewal rate is lower. Some developing countries consider the know-how to be paid up when the term of the licence expires.
Breckenridge BBQ & Brew Pub Breckenridge 471 IPA (Small Batch)
Uselessly lurking.
Since I became a SAHM my cell phone has been my lifeline to the outside world. We have only cell phones...and we live in the sticks. If I want adult conversation during the day - my cell phone is my friend. I also run a business from home and need a reliable phone for my customers to contact me.
The more you give, the more there's more of 'em.
It's been an odd month - and a long one (ironically, considering it is the shortest month of the year!) I've felt a little bit persecuted by various parties on the Internet. When you're constantly used as an example in posts that a blogger marks 'silliness' it makes you wonder whether you'll ever get anything right. It has been a month of various Internet bust ups and incivility and blasts of hot air from different parties. Not a pleasant environment, and leaves me feeling rather sick in the stomach. So I have taken solace in the wonderful friends I have made - those who don't worry about cliques or ARCs or what should/shouldn't be done on blogs. Can I give a great big shout out to Liz, Mieneke, Sam, Ole, and Sarah? Your messages of support came at a really good time and released me from the downward spiral of trying to please everyone. Offline the best part of my life BY FAR has been my dance lessons - if I could afford to go every single day, I totally would. I love the company of my dance instructor, I love learning the proper way to do all the steps, I love having something so tangible to work towards. I've been up to London a few times this month as well, which has been good fun and an opportunity to catch up with various people. I am sincerely looking forward to March, though - new month, fresh start.
I also used my new leather guitar picks. It was floppier than I am used to (I use “heavy” 1.0 mm plastic picks usually), but it actually made the cheap parlor guitar sound better. Warmer even.
Prepare the ramps and broccoli by chopping it into small pieces. Heat up the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Once it’s hot, add the chopped ramps and broccoli and let it cook gently until the ramps become transparent and the broccoli gets a nice bright green color. Be careful not to over cook though because they will cook more while in the oven. Turn off the heat and let them rest.
tell me who you are.
So, it took me a little bit after Easter not only to finish the piece but to get it scanned and posted. But this was done for Easter. :)
Which leads me to the second, and more exciting, reason that the number two bears great importance. Baby number two has started their journey in this world (well, with me) and is due to join us this summer. There is something so amazing about having your first baby; it is a whole new world of unknowns. There is something to me a bit more profound about planning for number two. I know these waters, I know what to expect...but it is a journey on which I am taking Charlotte with me, and that brings a whole new level joy and love.
Raise your hand if you think romantic comedies are full of shit?
The circus has always been one of the most popular forms of entertainment in Russia. Everyone loves going to see the highly skilled circus performers. Daring acrobats or gymnasts balance on thin wires high above the arena floor. Clowns make the audience laugh with their jokes and silly costumes. Bears, camels, dogs, horses, lions, and even hedgehogs perform under the watchful eyes of their trainers.
Surgical tools? We use much smaller knives today! Lasers, staples, harmonic scapels, are just a few of the new tools of the trade.
Talking to my wife and a couple of close friends at the time was crucial. I hadn’t felt that I could show any signs of weakness, of not coping, but this just made things worse.
Moon Nightclub at the Palms debuted their new Industry Night, Fancy Sauce, on January 17th with deadmau5 protégé Moguai spinning his brand of electronic dance music into the early hours.
toasted baguette slices
I had promised....so after getting out of work at 5, I threw on a wig to cover my deflated hair-do and hastily prepared myself so we could make the 6 pm showing. I took 3 young children (all under the age of 11) to see this at the theater, thinking it was a "kid's show"....tailored for the younger set. (first mistake of a frenzied working mom and wife) It was a weeknight so it wasn't crowded, in fact there was hardly anyone there at all. My kids and a friend of theirs wanted to sit in the front row....I sat in the middle about half way back in a nearly empty theater. The first scary thing happened within minutes and I had 3 terrified children screaming and frantically climbing over seats to get to me, throwing their arms around my neck and knocking my wig askew. They kept their choke-hold on me through-out the entire movie. I remember after about an hour of being terrified, I kept looking at the lighted clock on the sidewall and hoping the movie would end before I had a heart attack. It was relentless.....just one horrifying scary thing right after another. You just wanted to jump right out of your skin. I must have told my kids a hundred times "It's just a movie" and yet it was scaring me as much as it was them.....I just couldn't let them know it. And of course it had to end without a real ending.....and my 8 year old son kept asking all the way home...."so where did he go, Mom, huh?......where?......he's still out there!"
I want this.
Since his debut release in 1996, Marvin Sapp has been thrilling Gospel audiences everywhere with his acrobatic vocals and deep-within-the-heart delivery. He made history with his seventh album, Here I Am, which was the all-time highest charting gospel album in Billboard history, debuting at Number 2 on the Billboard 200 chart. His latest release, his ninth solo effort, is entitled I Win. He has won two BET awards, seven Dove Awards, multiple Stellar Awards and numerous others.
Every year, thousands choose to come here and make Israel their home - it has been the way for centuries and more. This quiet truth that Israel is home. My grandfather only came once to Israel - he died before he could fulfill his promise and take me here. The first time I came here, at age 16, I was still in mourning for him and despite my sadness, I felt so happy to be here. It was the first time I felt, truly felt, that I had come home, to my home.
Disease: objective, medically diagnosed pathology
This shows the importance of social media for HEIs, and makes me realise how valuable my work on social media is. I asked the students for suggestions about the things they liked and didn’t like about The University of Manchester’s Facebook page, and once I have written the results up I will report back. All in all it was an extremely interesting and valuable exercise. And a sixteen year old complimented me on my dress, which made me feel cooler than I’ve felt in years!
Until recently I would not have even linked to Auster much less praised him. For most of my life I have been raceless—too busy with my work to notice race, and afraid that someone might call me a racist if I did notice. It took a lot for this to change. The LA riots, the O.J. trial, 9/11, Iraq, Jena, and insane levels of immigration finally gave me sufficient justification and courage to speak out. Toward the end Lawrence Auster helped. I read and think and write thoughts now that I never would have wanted to be associated with before.
This results in a person who while not overeating continues to gain weight. Their body just doesn’t efficiently burn what it consumes but instead “holds on” to it.. sadly this is usually around the belly area which is the first area body stores fat for men and thigh area for women.
Muller also weighs in on religion: “Episcopalians are to Religion what Bisexuals are to Sexuality … Stylish…but generally non-committal.”
territories and resources, including those which were traditionally
This batch got the same treatment as the other dregs beers. I used 6 oz of a 1.030 starter wort + nutrients boiled and cooled. And added directly to the 750 ml bottle. Do this 3 days before and shake as often as possible. It was pitched at 65F and allowed to free rise up into the high 70s. I had activity in 12 hours and this beer seemed to ferment out in less than a week. Then it was bottled after 3 weeks.
As we continue to move forward on the Greatcoat Troops, I will be sharing some sneak peeks of how things are going. As always, if you have any suggestions or feedback, please let us know.
Tomorrow morning, they will be here.
Vienes as a form of venir (to come)?
Interestingly, there doesn’t seem to be any relationship between this transformation and a previous interest in spirituality, or a history of spiritual practice. Only a small number of the people I spoke to were following spiritual practices or traditions, or even familiar with the basic ideas of spirituality. They weren’t mystics or monks, or even spiritual seekers. They were ‘ordinary’ people with ordinary jobs, who happened to go through intense psychological turmoil. As a result, like Russell, it took them a long time to comprehend what had occurred. Initially, although they felt liberated and peaceful, many of them felt slightly bemused by their new state. Usually, they went through a slow process of gravitating towards spiritual books and other ‘awakened’ people, until they finally had a framework to make sense of their new state.
For the curious: Emma is anticipating just-good-friend Dexter's suggestion after they've just discovered the French beach they're lazing on is a nudist one.
On the south carolina insurance comapny in the south carolina insurance comapny in the south carolina insurance comapny a proud statement of the south carolina insurance comapny of the nation's ultra-low mortgage rates. Mortgage interest rates are at the south carolina insurance comapny is now one of four accredited four-year schools in the south carolina insurance comapny a lot about the south carolina insurance comapny in Georgetown county and a $10,000 in property damage coverage also when an accident occurs. Residents of the south carolina insurance comapny a quiet, private home with a wider range of responsible investments-when one category declines, another invariably performs better, thus profiting overall.
After church we came home and Skyped with Mom and Dad and the siblings for a little while before the boys had to go down for naps. William made me lunch and then did the dishes afterwards while I headed upstairs for a long afternoon nap. It was glorious! I got to sleep as long as I wanted while William took care of the boys once they were awake. Once I got up, we went out to dinner for sushi. The boys did great at the restaurant and we were able to enjoy a delicious meal. (It was a little depressing when William pointed out that we almost could have bought a sheep for someone with what we spent on dinner, but it was delicious all the same...worth it when you think about that, though? not really, but it was appreciated!) After dinner, and a stop to grab a candy treat at the store, we came home and got Porter in bed. Then William and Arden gave Molly a bath for me. She really needed one and it was SUCH a treat to not have to bathe her this week.
Or, (my second conclusion): That vegetarian living really does nothing for your health except make you look older because most of the people shopping at Andy's are probably like 42, not 82, and there's only so much righteous living a body can take before it just rebels and you start to look like Yoda.
The West Coast city of Stavanger, with a population of 126 thousand, has the fourth largest public library in Norway. Since the library is organized as a section within a larger cultural institution (Sølvberget – The Silver Mountain), it does not produce a regular annual report on its own. This means that the library must be excluded from our survey.
with the infamous box changed by fingering.
1 harper
Now the new trend is to be real big and beautiful with voluptuous women spread everywhere. They call themselves real women and mock those who are skinny.
All is going to back to the base. You can go crying as a disobedient child or go laughing as a child who is so keen of new adventures. Like it or not LIFE is taking you there. Decisions are yours on how you want to go.
Here is what I will be giving away!
I have no idea how to judge a "good" acupuncture clinic from a bad one. Although I think there's something to it, possibly, I'm not way into alternative medicine. Given the time constraints, I didn't exactly have time to do a lot of research, either. My due date is 17 days from today! And I went 4 days early with Miss M! I called one place (the woman is also a doula, so I felt good about her), and the woman is out of town. I called a second place (a place with a fancy address and a pile of staff who have very impressive pedigrees), and they had someone available tomorrow afternoon. So, I went with that one. The guy who will be doing it graduated from a 5 year Chinese medical program and has written actual research papers on using so-called Eastern medicine to complement western medicine. Hopefully, that makes him qualified to burn some herbs near my toes.
He woke up with a start, hearing the ear-splitting cracks of his home and playground being crushed under force. It didn't take long to locate the intruder. A man. An animal with a bald face and hairless skin, sitting in the chambers of an imposing yellow monster that was cracking the trees within its unfaltering jaws. The man puffed a small, white stick that produced a ring of smoke. He quieted the monster, and jumped out its belly to approach the small creature. He approached with the air of an animal who had everything, one who was superior; like the king of the jungle. There was a meeting of eyes, locking, willing the other to understand, but alas the bald animal heaved a great sigh, took out a long gun, aimed and fired.
That’s why the building of the movement has to go hand in hand with common struggle, debate and radical democracy. It’s how we will create genuine solutions that have legitimacy. And that is what is occurring down at Wall Street.
That’s all certainly predictable. Only one character so far is even potentially gay (Renly Baratheon, and that aspect has been really played down), and there’s not a person of color anywhere to be seen in Westerros, aside from the mainland Dothraki and the Lamb-people, who are pretty standard ‘orientalist’ caricatures. As with most medieval dramas, its Euro-America’s way of dreaming of a post-racial future by going pre-colonialist, even pre-crusades. Eek.
tripping over
"We had very different tastes on the panel, but in the end we went for passion not compromise. We chose The Lacuna because it is a book of breathtaking scale and shattering moments of poignancy.”
I've worn and photographed things to make a visual point about something I wanted to write about and will probably do so again. Although I doubt I’ll stretch to photographing myself in cocktail gear for posts I don’t have a problem with other people playing fantasy dress up for their blogs.
Step 3: Mix in a bowl with with pickled shrimp, garlic, sugar, hot pepper powder, fish sauce and sesame seeds. Taste, and adjust salt.
Ive been told, “You don’t have to BE perfect”. And that hurts. You’d think Id appreciate someone pointing that out. Yes I do have to be…. Perfect YES, yes I do.
lonely child of a burrito DA
claimed 20 lives.
Never surrender to those who show you what’s real or not.
Then there’s Costis Mitsotakis.
The ICC has made no attempt to arrest Tony Blair, George W Bush, Nicolas Sarkozy, David Cameron, Ariel Sharon, Ehud Olmert, Binyamin Netanyahu, Barack Obama, or the other barbarians who serve them. Indeed, in the case of mass murderer Obama, the only international action to judge his character and actions has been to award him the Nobel Peace Prize! It seems when it comes to prosecuting mass murderers, justice is only partially blind, insofar as it cannot see Zionists as criminals.
Band Members
I wanted to play along with the Waltzingmouse sketch challenge this week and had the idea of making a wall hanging with the layout. I picked up some chipboard album pieces a while ago and figured that if you use them seperately they make great little pieces of wall-art (they have two holes at the top perfect for threading ribbon through). Here's the finished piece:
Oh did I mention that Republican state legislatures redistricted many of those 60 House districts?
Send me any questions you have on refinishing furniture if you like!
Sooooooooooooooooo...I've decided to pick a pattern and start collecting. This is my "sterling plan". I have looked at sterling sets of many place settings on ebay, knowing I could not afford them.
Originally released in an edition of around 50 cassettes via the Life Like, July 2010.
I also promises to NOT smell like DHA (which is the smell of sunless tanning products), and at first few hours it doesn't. But after maybe 4-6 hours the skin itself doesn't smell like DHA, but the clothes do. So that was disappointing. Also, it does smudge light-coloured clothes a little.
I'll take issue with his characterization of Taxes as being the issue, rather than regulation, but at this point it's a small point, for as those marvelous historians noted, "Rome had its socialist interlude under Diocletian...." and it brought the final end of Roman liberties and the beginning of the Middle Ages age of slavery & serfdom. But we do still have one thing the Romans didn't have - them to learn from - and the availability of those, and other, facts, lessons and histories to anyone and everyone with either access to a library or the Internet.
Garlic- 2 cloves
I crossed my legs, still laughing. "He asked where his underwear is," I said. "I sincerely doubt ten million people have asked that."
Never mind, my relief comes on duty at 07:00, maybe I'll eat a Snickers to keep me going.
3 One Last Ride 7:46
We all know that there are times when we need to say NO! But, knowing it and putting it into practice are two different things! However, with a clear understanding of what is most important, it is easier to say no to those 'extra' things that seem oh-so-important at the time.
and pain contract release moan and weep
Quote: Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail. ~ Charles F. Kettering.
Heist:
I spent the day chasing a pair of pants (perfect, perfect pants) all over town, but had no luck finding them in my size. Me and the rest of the girls in this city think too much alike when it comes to pants, apparently.
I, for example, would fall in the atheist-agnostic quadrant, quite far in the atheist direction and not far at all in the agnostic.
The Mail on Sunday’s average circulation? – 1,958,083.
It’s yet another bullet that Brazil is using to fight the rapid inflation of its currency and jumpstart its sputtering economy, which expanded at a 2.7% rate in 2011 versus 7.5% in 2010.
A real Brooklyn “character” that we simply knew as Louie.
The short answer is yes. However I’ve been trying a lot of different cheeses and it’s getting harder to rank them. I haven’t met a cheese that I didn’t like. This one will rank somewhere in the middle of the pack. It was not a favorite but it’s not at the bottom of the list either.
What retailers do you love, but tend to forget about? Do you forget about furniture in your home too?
We're Going On A Bra Hunt
Back to today...
He also said that Cabinet members were just as anxious to know the cause of death and hoped that all parties would be patient and refrain from making statements that could cause confusion or create the wrong perception on the issue while the investigations were still ongoing.
FUCKING LOL
The perinatologist spent over an hour going over every little bit of the baby, measuring and checking everything that could be measured and checked.
Somehow it was easier this time. I think this was because I had Missy Moo to distract me. I found it hard to be devastated with such a bundle of laughter and fun to entertain and to entertain me. I had someone else to focus on. Someone who needed me to be there for her, not focussing on what I no longer had.
In 2005 the two opened the West Hollywood design firm, Lucas Studio. Located in Almont Yard, which was at that time the closest thing L.A. had to an design 'colony'- housing other top notch designers such as Kathryn Ireland, Nathan Turner and Peter Dunham. Within 3 years, the two expanded by opening their showroom, Harbinger. As the team's success and business flourished, they knew it was time to step things up and expand. Their newly opened Harbinger showroom now sits along, L.A.'s premier design row on La Cienega.
I love golden mangoes, with their sweet, yellow juices making a mess of my face.
Anyway, I just finished a special baby gift by using vinyl, a hair bow and a ceramic pig. I chose two different shades of pink for the main colors and a pink bow...can you tell the baby is a girl?!!?!?
6. close the baggie, smoosh the colors together using a bone folder, go over the entire portion of the baggie with the bone folder
Heavenly Father, thank You for blessing my cyber café business in the mighty name of Jesus Christ, Amen!
Regen Projects (here): James Welling (3), Wolfgang Tillmans (1), Gillian Wearing (1), Walead Beshty (1 diptych), Doug Aitken (1). It was hard to miss the eye-catching blast of saturated color in these photograms by Beshty. Priced at $48000 and already sold.
Daylight left in a big hurry, like one of those sped-up time-lapse films. It smoothly scrambled to the tops of buildings and trees; anywhere high ground could be found, seemingly more golden than before. It continued to jump evenly upward until it hung only in itself as a blazing sky, flaming clouds and colors not seen for a year. The darkness bled up the sides of buildings and streets as sticky, blackening gray blood, filling cracks and crevices while dripping down towards the horizon. It stole light and colors as it rose, and removed detail from the few straining eyes there directed.
God sees the tears of a brokenhearted soul.
“Yes,” he replied.
Prima & Secunda (grades 9 & 8, respectively):
Everyone knows that The Joker and Harley Quinn are perhaps the benchmark for abusive, destructive relationships in fiction. They both exhibit a need to have the other one beside them. Joker does not seem to care emotionally for Quinn, but when she starts leaning towards breaking Stockholm, he suddenly becomes a caring individual. His need to control Quinn is more gratifying than any sexual position.
Or as I like to call it: yesterday (but that wouldn’t have been as catchy of a title).
De Wesselow dismisses those tests as “fatally flawed”. So, although he describes himself as agnostic, he now finds himself in the curious position of being more of a believer in the Shroud than the Pope. His historical detective work has convinced him, he insists, that it is exactly what it purports to be — the sheet that was wrapped round Jesus’s battered body when it was cut down from the cross on Calvary.
$4.00 off Any Benefiber Product
Kat Rhodes
3 stalks green onion, cut into 1” pieces
But we didn’t do it to make fun of the Khmer way of doing things. If anything we did it to learn and understand more about it, to check out the ritual first-hand and see how the heck they wear so much make-up without looking like a melted candle.
07-Cut Your Head
For a guide to safe and sane whiskey collecting, check out the new issue of The Bourbon Country Reader, which dropped yesterday.
Vaudeville (and American culture in general) had many enemies in the early twentieth century, but none more pernicious than syphilis. It took the lives of George Walker, Ernest Hogan and Tony Hart, but when it took the life of Bob Cole, it robbed us of a theatrical Renaissance man clearly destined for a career of great achievements. In reading about him, one can’t help but observe that in whatever professional situation he found himself, he would rapidly rise to be the one of the ones in creative control. It happened several times.
I did and was amazed to find a corroborating news item. It seems that an Indian villager brought up a monkey as his son and found a bride for him in a neighbouring village. Their betrothal was celebrated with a traditional Indian jamboree involving saffron and plenty of coconuts. I don’t see it lasting unless their tails are tied together.
Tits are NOT for toddlers.
as something newly made
"Hey, your boy's out there." One of the men points to the ice, a shit-eating grin on his face.
Producing strong marketing ideas often requires the removal of your ‘marketing hat’.
Oh, we could say that Eric decided this whole enterprise was so outlandish and nonsensical that he believed the best course was to take it at face value and essay one of those patented "over-the-top" performances. Or this could just be how he talks normally and he just read his lines like another day at the office. Seeing that I think there are moments when I saw Eric's hair overact, however, I think this is an acting choice. Not a GOOD acting choice, but hey; a choice is a choice. And the over-riding emotion in watching him essay Ricky is not one of a tortured soul being driven to insanity, but that he's a Mad Slasher in-training searching for his own Camp Crystal Lake.
Klout: 28
3:30-3:45 Closing remarks
2-3 April, 2010
Second, verbalize your appreciation. The book of James reminds us of the power of the tongue:
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it....
The whole naughty bunch! My property on this side of the house is very shallow. Prague viburnums are evergreen, low-maintenance shrubs with white spring flowers. They provide excellent cover and nesting sites for birds.
I know that some of you will say that “trip” was so not the 1980s, that it was the 1960s and 1970s, however, I think that I should remind the reader that we are talking about Star Valley, WY. The world has always been and still is just a little out of synch with Star Valley. Star Valley is one of those kinds of places where the pace is a little slower and the people haven’t really tried to be something that they aren’t. The place is really just a little like Mayberry, more so then but it is still true even today. Growing up we hated that Star Valley was so out of touch, but today we are quite happy that we grew up there instead of someplace more in synch with the rest of the world. In 1982 our vocabulary still had the terms, groovy, trippin’, and far out. Our connection to what the world was doing was Casey Kasem’s American Top 40 that we listened to on KFI AM640 out of Los Angeles when we could get the signal in the evenings. We were in love with satellite stations MTV (when it still played music videos) and VH1. The music was our connection with the rest of America.
We arrived at Vhalantru’s manor with no problems, like anyone in this city could stop us anyway. A quick knock by Jarvyk at the door proved useless. Imagine that. It was Greymouse that actually sprung into action, using his mind powers to look into the house to find Vhalantru. Still creeps me out when he does that. But imagine the potential in the hands of a master rogue. Devastating thought isn’t it? Yeah, I thought so too. Anyhow, he relayed to us that he saw a doppelganger in the main room on the third floor and some baby beholders on the second. Jarvyk finally got over himself about breaking and entering when he realized we didn’t have to break anything to get inside. Mind power dimension door. Still a cool idea I say.
Their diesel breath on your face
I can’t say that every post will have so much to do with Ms. Austen directly. Yet, since she was so great a part of my literary beginnings, I felt it was necessary to start this blog with her. She is, after all, it’s namesake.
xl-entropy challenged me to answer some questions and perhaps put myself more out there in the process. So here goes:
Monstee!
Next is what is on offer. It seems there is only three different roles a women ever gets: girlfriend, mother and hag. A lot of amazing filmmakers are fighting against this but unfortunately most of the castings I see still fit into these categories. The last few films I did fit into this. I was someone’s girlfriend, and then someone’s mother. What is really needed is more female filmmakers. Brit Marling’s success can be put down to the fact she did not like the roles she was offered. Now she is on the cover of Vanity Fair. I am doing a similar thing with Prose & Cons and some other films I am working on.
splash of fat-free half & half (if you don’t have this on hand, I don’t think it’s really necessary)
1. Intentionally bringing about our causing the death of a body of knowledge and information concerning the health promoting and curative attributes of herbs, food and food components
The CWCB is self funded and does not receive money from the general fund. The majority of funding appropriation for the CWBC comes from the CWCB construction fund. This fund is the primary funding source for the state’s water user community.
What if parts of your body, functions of your body were denied appropriate care?
This performance and thousands of other concerts can be downloaded legally and free of charge at www.archive.org.
Imagine a fun, convenient, fitness program for parents and kids to do together to get everyone moving
We’ve been traveling over rocky ground, rocky ground
- Bake at 350°F for 12 minutes
~ Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady
She smiled, adding a barely perceptible sway, drawing him in the wake of her consent.
I have not decorated for St. Patrick's Day in several years.
to pay duty on it, 100 percent. He didn’t want to pay 100 percent so
Stoke are in Austria for a week now and play two friendlies over there. Former captain Dominic Matteo is in the twenty man squad over there as he is on a pay-as-you-play contract and may well get another year’s contract if his pre-season goes as well as last summers. Rudolph Austin is not with the squad though as he awaits his work permit outcome.
One afternoon I stopped by the bank to make a few deposits. I was in a rush and needed to get in and out as soon as possible. I had places to go and things I had to do. I picked the worst possible time of day and the worst day of the week to do my banking. But I had been out of town and needed to catch up on errands before the weekend began.
I'm supping on me coffee and feel the caffeine splutter as I cough.
I really just want to see him and see how it feels again. It’s not like he’s shy about us dating or anything, but it’s such a weird point to be at right now and for something so serious to happen. I really have no idea what I should expect, so maybe I should just have no expectations so I can’t be let down (so much easier said than done).
moonlit kayakers gather
I’ve always felt fairly strongly that if a place claimed to be “the France of…” (take your pick: New Zealand, Hoboken, northwest Wisconsin), it should at least have a few French women living there. French women just add an irresistible…Frenchness…to a destination that can not be faked, not even by French men. And that is why I’m pleased to report that in a recent story that I wrote for Portland, Oregon-based MIX Magazine, I managed to find four Frenchwomen who are making wine professionally in Oregon, most of whom reside or work in the Willamette Valley (i.e. “The Burgundy of the U.S.”). Two other women who make wine in the area – and very good wine at that – are so elegant in their manners and bearing that everyone thinks they’re French, which is almost as good as the real thing. I put them into the story anyway.
The Alliance population on Drak is sparse. Throw in the lack of people in Dalaran and Shattrath (which hopefully will change some now that the portals are back), and you have either an exercise in futility, or a trip to the BGs. OR … you have awesome guildies like Telanarra, who tossed on a full set of heirlooms and power leveled this dwarfette for those of us who couldn’t find one.
“Once Upon A Time.” Because it is kinda like a fairy tale when you think about it. No fairies involved….I think. Only hard core motorcycle tattoo covered dyed in the wool bikers with bigggg……um…….well read on.
Archangel Michael has also asked me to be present in New York for the 11/11/11 Light Code Activations and to receive the Codes of Renewal at the time of the Stargate. And so, on the week-end of the 11th, 12th and 13th of November, I will be working with Lightworkers in New York City. We will be holding Meditations, Ceremonies and Seminars, and we invite all who feel called to join us in New York for this Lightwork with Archangel Michael. Now is the Time…..this is our Moment!
executed sword and sorcery adventure in an excitingly realized world. It’s also a fantasy written by an Arab-American that takes its inspiration more from the traditions and mythologies of North Africa and the Middle East rather than the more common north and western European influence. It’s a fantasy that honors characters with age and experience, shows women in strength in a society with troubling views on women, presents religious characters with varying interpretations of piety, and gives fans a city of personality.
The most powerful secret organization in the world is the Bilderberg Group, organized in 1952 and named after the hotel where its first meeting took place in 1954.
-A nice selection of miscellaneous Wolverine NFL cards, pictured here in a pile atop my scanner:
Pink Martinis says ~
1 carouselambra
It’s hot. Very hot; hottest day of the year so far, and the people of Wimbledon are packing the High Street, taking advantage of a bank holiday to spend the day battling through the crowds of other shoppers on the pavements narrowed by road works. We leave the crowds behind and head away from the town centre parallel to the District Line, along streets of Victorian villas. Past Wimbledon Park Station, with its original, quaint cottagey Metropolitan District Railway booking hall dating from 1889, and into Wimbledon Park. The entrance from Home Park Road leads onto a stone balustraded terrace which looks down over the Park; to the north east, a great view to distant central London: Battersea Power Station; the London Eye; the Shard; Tower 42 and 40 St Mary Axe.
Seth angled his head toward Midget and said in a loud aside, “So now we understand how she could have eaten so much this morning. Probably the only real meal she’s eaten in days.”
While watching tonight, I felt like I was back in that hospital room almost 5 years to the day. Watching the birthmom's pain on the TV set was like watching the pain in our own birthmom's eyes. Watching the anxiety and finally relief as the adoptive Mama held her babies, was like feeling my own anxiety and finally relief as we walked out of the hospital with that baby boy.
“Or plug in one of the lamps so we can-”
English owned Veritas was one of my favourite visits while in Virginia, I think their passion really showed in every wine they produced and this was a gem.
Donna: *sob*
The sentiments that I chose today comes from the new release from JustRite called "Spring Rose Medallions". The frame image in the center is stamped with Memento Tuxedo Black, colored with Copics and diecut with the JustRite Custom Nested Oval Medallion dies. The sentiment in the center of the frame is stamped with Memento Rose Bud. The sentiment in the lower right corner was stamped directly onto the paper using Memento Tuxedo Black.
(3) Brings us closer to God!
It's been a fun and exciting year that has gone by WAY too quickly! Anayah has grown up so fast and continues to amaze us with the things she's learning and the ways she's developing. Along with the fun, we have had some learning experiences and trials that have brought us closer together and strengthened our faith and trust in the Lord. We are so thankful for all the blessings God has given us this year and for His constant faithfulness to us. He has an amazing plan for us, even when we don't understand what it is! I know that He has so much more in store for us and I'm excited to see how it unfolds.
But, does that really matter in the big picture? Ask yourself that before you go into a frenzy because of one small hiccup.
Putting the final dress together was fine overall, and it was helpful to have the sewalong posts. I put in an invisible zip, which I hadn't used since my sewing class, and it went surprisingly smoothly. I used the Colette post on this which was great. I think ironing the zip made all the difference, and I'm really delighted with the resulting zip. I don't even have an invisible zip foot, just a regular one-sided zip foot and was able to get a great result.
Calexico+
I hadn't displayed my California Missions in a few years until Christmas. I put them around in a few places and really enjoyed seeing them, so decided to incorporate them into my current decor. I'm kind of into small lamps and little light displays, so these are perfect. I have some old bottle brush trees behind, but they are almost the color of the wood and very hard to see. I brought in some old classics that we've had for years and a tin piece that I've had for awhile.
Today, I took my nine, eight and four year old boys to the shoe store. One needed sneakers (the dog ate his), and all three needed Crocs for when the pool opens in a month.
See? I knew someone still read this thing. Wait till I show Mrs P.
You?
A. No, developers who still own property subject to NAMA loans may also sell their own property directly – under NAMA’s auspices of course. There is no comprehensive public list of this property.
Mixing stamp sets are so much fun..truly enjoyed the process!
Jeff Hunt (REP) 45.22% 2,388
But I'm enjoying this new cluelessness. I've traded a bit of nightlife for a lot more time with Ross, and as a result I am more fascinated by him.
Going out for a dance or an evening out is definitely out of the question. As a woman you are supposed to show your love by staying at home and cooking for the children. Never ask your man where he has come from, no matter how many days he has been away, or whatever time of the night he knocks on the door. What love is that to let other men hold you on the dance floor, tightly, tightly! Going out in a women’s group popularly known as girls’ night out or ladies night is total nonsense. It is only women who hate their men and want to take over households, meet in public pubs to gossip and finish their men.
I feel great! Other than sleeping in my goggles, which you have to do for the 3 days following surgery, and not wearing any makeup, I think this process has been wonderful! There was not and still has not been any pain whatsoever. I set timers on my phone for my eye drops so I don't forget any of them, but that's literally the most difficult part. I would absolutely recommend LASIK with Gary Tylock to anyone. It was SO easy, relatively inexpensive when considering the value of not having to ever wear glasses or contacts, and completely painless. And I'm not a tough person-- I freak out about getting shots-- so when I say it was painless, I mean it.
One of the most important factors for me was surrounding myself who are positive people who can spur me on, in the good and frustrating times.
I did not save my files to an external device.
But say it enough times, and the American public is dumb enough to swallow anything. Like forgetting that most of the hijackers hailed from Saudi Arabia – but wait, those are our allies! So let’s target an old hated enemy instead. We got him, but at what cost, in human lives and dollars? If we’d had that trillion plus when the Neocons’ pals, Wall Street, blew up the economy, we might have been able to weather it better. Or at least not cut food stamps and aid for the disabled.
Tawanna Iverson claims the longtime 76er “has engaged in increasingly contemptuous, threatening and disturbing behavior” in recent months, according to the filing.
Manual Can Opener ($.50 -$9.99)
Our MMSC133 & MMSC134 Gold Star AwardS goes to...
We, do not fit this description.
I promise you nothing will do more for building your business than this book and it won't hurt your wallet either, it's available at Amazon for under $17.
Veiled and gesturing at a piece of meat
But dang it, nothing else happens around here.
I have a small giveaway for those of you who are interested: I love Sassy by Sandy Gervais for Moda and have more than one charm pack (confession time!) so I'm offering one to you along with a couple of patterns, Quilt Jam by Marcie at Patchalot Patterns (love her stuff!) and Quilted Postcards by Scrap-bags. Oh and a lanyard for your scissors that says "To Quilt is Human, To Finish Divine." Don't you love that! Just leave a comment and I'll draw a name on Monday.
London Philharmonic Orchestra
appear fitting for something – “She looks every bit of her age.”
Exhibit Opening Reception: October 29, 2011, 6:00-9:00pm. (Free)
Top Ten Reasons New Yorkers Love Peeps
That’s what happens to smokers. While they do incur higher medical costs than nonsmokers in any given year, their lifetime drain on public and private dollars is less because they die sooner. “Smokers die early enough that they save Social Security, private pensions, and Medicare” trillions of dollars, said Duke’s Finkelstein. “But mortality isn’t that much higher among the obese.”
The wage demands of Pogba, 19, have led to the impasse, with the midfielder wanting a deal in the region of £15,000 to £20,000 per week. Read More
Contact me to provide you with up to date window treatments that you are excited about.
“Return” – An Etheree
grains
I saw her again, 5 minutes later. She was on her own. I was heading to Maths, she was going to History (I only know this because on Thursday I have Maths, then History, and I normally see her come out). I didn’t say anything. Maths was fun. No Jimie, apparently he was ill. We were doing a Stats paper, and it was actually very easy :) I seem to be amazing at Stats now, but have forgotten everything from C2 :/ Typical :/ Double geology after that, and we were redoing a past paper I did over the Easter, May 2011, and we were going through it as a class. Again, I was amazed at how good at it I was. I don’t know if it is because I remembered the answers from when I did it, or/and I am actually starting to learn this stuff :) I’m feeling more confident anyway, and was able to answer most of Roger’s questions correctly, meaning I didn’t have to suffer his usual “FAIL!” from getting it wrong ;) Me and Charlotte are think of getting him a T-Shirt saying that ;) That way when a student answers a question wrong, instead of saying “Fail” he can just point to the T-Shirt ;)
4. Spread your salsa or sauce onto your wrap, adding your chicken and vegetables and some salad if you want.
hopefully very
on a dime?
There’s a few other stuff, but nothing I would ever visit (like a liquor store, I’m underage). Now, I’m SURE that everybody knows how expensive cars and gas is right? WELL. You could say, oh, go get a job, pay for a car, go to the city when you like! …Uhh, ok hoooold on there. In my (very small) high school, there are about… 500 kids. Not too many right? Well, now look at the job options in the area… The grocery store and the restaurants. Yikes. Soo, you can bet that the competition is FIERCE. I mean it. Its almost impossible to get a job there.
“It seems curious that if a landlord closes the door on a coloured applicant merely because of his colour he might well get into serious trouble. But if he closes his door on white people with children merely because they have children, he is under no penalty at all.”
I love the voice. This story takes place in Ancient Greece, but Psyche's voice is very contemporary. She's very fun and ratable, and the contemporary slang never bothered me or seemed out of place.
j: too many to pick just one, i love pizza, chips and salsa, and i'm obsessed with chai tea lattes.
Want to know a little more about Glass Dharma straws? They are perfect for everyone who wants to cut down on their plastic use, both for health and environmental reasons. These straws are:
Saturday is when the real fun begins...Graduation! The best way to describe it would be a mix between American Graduation and Prom. It had the ceremony, awards, and short speeches of a Graduation mixed in with elaborate (and expensive) dresses and hair styles, as well as a big dance party like you would find a Prom.
Of course, with a memoir, the artefactness is often trying to hide itself anyway - or maybe even trying not to be there. But the awareness that voice is not equal to writer, or narrator is not equal to writer, is one of the defining marks of an intelligent, sophisticated reader. Writers choose how to deal with that shadowy presence that stands between them and the words on the page. The narrator/voice might be a robust, chortling, self-aware character in his or her own right, standing to one side and saying 'look at this story, look what happened next'. Or s/he might be as thin and sticky as clingfilm so that you're barely aware of their presence and they're hard to see and peel away from the shape of the narrative. Or they might be the shadow-on-the-wall of the real writer. Oh, I am rambling on about narrators. And Plato's got in again. Time to stop.
It was awesome travelling with my flatmate Laura (Laurence!) and we've met so many people, seen many sights, experienced many things and of course tasted all the amazing cuisine. This trip has definitely heightened my hunger to travel a whole lots more.
**Sew shoulder seams together with RS facing.
Heart doily - stash
Do not alibi on bad hops. Anyone can field the good ones.
You can’t possible think we take you seriously, can you?
roasted cumin.
I'm excited. Sort of. Not as excited as people expect me to be. They keep asking. I know they mean well, but I'm so tired of responding to that question. And what's the plan? When are you moving? Do you have this? Do you have that? What are you going to do about a bed? You can't sleep on the couch. Why, actually, yes I can. And I am. And I'm loving it.
Turns out the GG set designer commissioned this shop to make the sconces and they still offer the design to retail and trade customers. They aren't exactly cheap at $200-$300 depending on the size and the number of arms, but they are really, really lovely (will be even more so with new shades a la the Royere numbers above) and I'll be so thrilled to see them in my home some time next week. It's been a long time coming.
Such visual coups, though, are put in service of portraits of human nature that refuse to shy away from people's less savory potential. Fury, most notably, features as its protagonist a character who becomes so consumed by his increasingly inhuman sense of justice that he even threatens to cast off his devoted lover (Sylvia Sidney) when not even the conviction of the townspeople who "killed" him seems to bring him the satisfaction he desires. (The fact that his humane side eventually wins out doesn't lessen the pungent aftertaste left by Lang's otherwise pitiless depiction of mass hysteria and personal bloodlust.)
Our tent was the closest to the bank of trees sheltering our view from the hill above and the road beyond. Worn out from the day, we slowly lightened our ranks until the fire was just an ember and all lanterns were doused for the night. Memory escapes me now what time, but it was in the deepest part of the night when I heard a whinny close by and then snorting. Lying there in the dark I didn’t think much of it until the sound of muffled voices trickled through the bushes to the back of our tent. Quietly I woke my husband, putting my finger to my lips to keep him from speaking.
The results showed that residents of Toulouse, who have a much lower rate of heart disease, had lutein levels about twice as high as those from Belfast, where the incidence of cardiovascular disease is much greater. The people from Toulouse also had higher blood levels of other carotenoids.
The remainder energy of the airframe is a little. To settle it at once, you drew out the performance of the airframe to the maximum.
Step by Step
I started planting a couple of the new beds---I have tons of the wintersown perennials that need to get into the ground and get established before the cold hits.
(by Jon O´Brien/allmusic.com)
The women who had come from Galilee with him followed behind, and when they had seen the tomb and the way in which his body was laid in it, they returned and prepared spices and perfumed oils.
Besides, the epidural route takes less repenting.
And a skull in a trench gazes up open-mouthed at the moon
Art House Co-Op, Sketchbook Project Library - Sign up to get a sketchbook. Fill the sketchbook, then it goes on display in galleries and eventually into a library. Their goal is to collect original sketchbooks from around the world.
Overall I enjoyed Wings, but I am going to need more from the next books!
And he then does a stupid, little macho dance. Arms down by his side and waddle of his caveman-like head.
What we have been talking about until now is advocacy disguised as expertise. But overseas associates of Diligence LLC and its allies have also been accused of false-flag operations intended to provoke war.
The Jews in exile, held captive in Babylon, never got over it. From the day they were hauled off to that foreign land, the Psalm that tells the story is Psalm 137, in which, when they remembered their "place," they wept. In fact, as N.T.Wright so marvelously unveils in The New Testament and the People of God, coming home was the only way they would ever know that their sins had been forgiven, so important to the Jews is the land they call "holy."
That James and Sarah have chosen to exchange these most important vows here in their parish church, before God and before you all as a Congregation shows that God’s love for his creation can suffuse and build on their love for one another.
The pictures are more demonstrative:
It is none other than...
After that we parade to the local "House of Culture" to have the Graduation ceremony.
Hemp has a gourmet nutty flavour that blends easily into smoothies and baked goods. I love putting the hulled seeds into my morning power shake for extra Omega fats and protein. It lends an amazing creaminess and richness and gives me energy for hours and hours. Baking with the protein powder is also a breeze, as you can pretty much substitute it for flour in small amounts (try ¼ cup at a time). This will increase the protein, fiber, and healthy fats in all of your cakes, cookies and bars and no one will even notice! In fact, this recipe started off as just a granola bar, but because I had some hemp protein powder in my pantry…voila! An even better version of this already awesome treat was born.
Who Do You Think You Are? Kate Humble learns her grandfather was a famous flying ace (start at 3 mins. 30 secs.) Quite fascinating! (This series is my absolute favourite thing on television at the moment. I could happily spend the rest of my days watching it to the exclusion of everything else!)
Wise Girl (1937)
plastic from ghost privilege
A TALENTED 18-year-old from Milford is celebrating after gaining a place at one of the country’s most important musical theatre colleges.
If you agree that tertiary education funding should be designed to allow maximum freedom for students on the one hand to pursue the disciplines of their choosing without guilt, and institutions of higher learning on the other to compete amongst themselves – then it is more likely that this will be achieved by reviewing the current loan system (including repayment mechanisms), developing vocational options and granting much more autonomy to universities, including on financial matters.
Our patio area is just about done, but I'm not posting pictures until it's how I want it, lol. It's a work in progress.
And then David Almond did another talk, there were other workshops available but I like his work and he told us how he gets all that jumble that is in his brain into straight lines on the page. It's fun!
There were opportunities to explore less tangible ways to unlock the creative flow and we were also free to hideaway and have peace to write, if that was what was needed.
Synopsis: As the Revolutionary War begins, thirteen-year-old Isabel wages her own fight for freedom. Promised freedom upon the death of their owner, she and her sister, Ruth, in a cruel twist of fate become the property of a malicious New York City couple, the Locktons, who have no sympathy for the American Revolution and even less for Ruth and Isabel. When Isabel meets Curzon, a slave with ties to the Patriots, he encourages her to spy on her owners, who know details of British plans for invasion. She is reluctant at first, but when the unthinkable happens to Ruth, Isabel realizes her loyalty is available to the bidder who can provide her with freedom.
Deputy Pringle is unhappy that we are having a referendum on (1) but not on (2). He points out that the €500bn funding for the ESM doesn’t magically appear from nowhere – it is provided by the members of the EuroZone and Ireland’s initial contribution is €11.145bn though the Treaty does make provision for countries in bailout programmes and not all of the cash is payable upfront. Having said that though, the ESM Treaty allows the amounts to be raised “at its sole discretion at any time in the future”, according to Deputy Pringle and given the initial contribution is almost one third of our national annual tax take, this is a matter of no small importance! And so the challenge to the Government is to force a referendum on the ESM Treaty because it is so significant and entails such a potentially colossal financial obligation for our State. The 1987 Crotty case is set to be extensively invoked as justification for the matter to go before the people – this was the court case where Raymond Crotty successfully established the principle that major changes to EU treaties required amendment of the Irish constitution, and consequently referenda.
As bombs go off for oil's or Allah's sake.
“When We All Get to Heaven” by Eliza E. Hewitt, pub.1898, Copyright: Public Domain
Hello everyone! We are back from what was a WONDERFUL weekend in NYC.
Have you ever wanted to build your own house? What would it look like? My mother always used to say there was an ideal house for every stage in your life. On your own, newly married, with little kids, with teenagers, with an empty nest, retired, needing care. But who wants to start over that many times? Your needs are met and then they change. So yes, I’ve wanted to build a house. I love the look of an A-frame chalet with towering windows, a huge stone fireplace, cathedral ceiling and an open loft.
Those are possessed with devils… Many are under demonic oppressions and under demonic control… Satanism is on the rampage in our nation… There are religious demons, lust demons, cruelty demons, fad demons, immoral demons and hundreds more that control the lives of people. Jesus commissioned the believers to “cast out devils”… Job said “I knocked out the fangs of the godless oppressors and made them drop their victims.” (TLB Job 19:17) God set in the church those with the gift of discerning of spirits… and the power to cast them out. Pray for those gifted with this ministry. Casting out devils is not a popular ministry. We are in the days of spiritual warfare… Jesus wants people free.
The depository of the books and videos, whose collection is ordered, is the lawyer who represents the Applicants.
Lamp base purchased at Marshalls
Sitting in a cozy little restaurant by the bar,
Who knows where it's goin'
and I am not alone.
“It’s M-Mesdan,” Mesdan gasps, trying to right himself again, trying to sit up but only managing to rise halfway before collapsing back. He should not have tried something so complex. Surely the mana inside had nearly killed him.
NOTE: From cold sin to warm life
I'd be healthier (since I could spend more time at the gym, less time starving when I finally get out of work -- leading to less eating of Ramen Noodles and quick-fix meals).
By now everyone knows that the 28-year-old Zimmerman shot and killed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin on February 26 in Sanford, Florida. The media have been meticulous in describing Zimmerman as a “white Hispanic” and Martin as an “African-American.” The Sanford police thought the incident was so transparently a case of self-defense they initially declined to arrest Zimmerman. Moreover, Florida has a law that empowers a citizen in fear of his life to respond with force.
116 days!
Ok so that was my essay looooooool is it obvious I been waiting for someone to blog about this??
Just like the 20 soles note above, Señor Basadre’s position of director of the Peruvian National Library explains the building on the reverse. It is the Biblioteca Nacional, the national library of Peru.
and most stones and metals are gone.
To paraphrase John Donne,
8. Lumberjack Song - Monty Python
On a dry cutting board, with a very sharp knife, slice the nori in 3″ X 1/4″ strips and out aside. Scramble egg and add a dribble of mirin. Over low-medium heat on a 6″ non-stick pan add a dribble or corn oil, and fry egg for about a minute, flip and cook for a few seconds and remove to plate. This egg mixture is called tamago. Cut ends off zucchini and quarter. Slice baby bella mushroom thin. Put aside. Grate ginger and daikon separately (the ginger will color daikon, best to grate daikon first.) I put a little rice vinegar in each daikon and ginger to keep fresh.
Painfully inept acting, a glacial approach to pacing (the film clocks in at just over ninety minutes, but it felt like it was four hours long), shots that were repeated (the footage of Joanna and Mrs. Sandawn nervously walking down a flight of stairs is used three times), and amateurish special effects aside, the synthesizer score by David Chester and Julia Hidy was one the best I have ever heard. Every situation that arises in The Tower seemed to have its own synthesizer sound to accompany it. Let me give you a couple of examples. When it came time for Cindy to try out her new bright yellow bikini in the Sandawn swimming pool, the synths were lush and warm. Yet, whenever Laura would appear onscreen, the synths would take on a more eerie sounding tone.
God loves you as you are, and thus you don’t have to pretend to be better than you are, and you don’t have to hunger for the praise of men.
I was along for the ride too, mostly taking photos but also chatting with people about beer and the magazine project and all kind of things. A few of us skipped the official after party and headed for the beer bar, where were had a couple of beers to add to the decently large total of parade beers (not many were drinking ... me, a crew of Irish guys, plus a few older guys).
All of these veggies love cooler weather and can handle the occasional frost that Mother Nature still has in store for us. Just be forewarned though, that if a hard frost (or gasp… snow!) is called for, you can always cover up your tender plants with anything from burlap, newspaper, a cardboard box or a cloche of some sort or another.
What all this means, of course, is not only that the ANC is not building a cultural hegemony over South African society but that it is quite impossible that it could do so. The test, remember, is whether the ANC's assumptions are voluntarily assented to even by its potential opponents so that they happily comply with no need for coercion. This is not a description of how any of the racial minorities think. Their attitude towards ANC rule is angry, mocking and entirely cynical.
Apologies for running a day late with the announcement of the winner of challenge 5. But what with the NEC craft show and the injury to my hand I am running late with everything!!!
We haven't had much of a chance to see if she is happier playing on her own, but I will be able to test that today.
When you find yourself about to say something to one of your kids that you might regret, take a deep breath, relax your face, and say softly "I love you." It's almost impossible to be mean after reminding yourself and your child that you love her. In many cases, this change in you can diffuse a situation. Even if it does nothing to calm your child, at least it helps to calm you. You can think more clearly and be more present to help your child figure out his needs and get them filled.
I went downstairs and told my dad about the "bombing." His face was immediately wrought with worry and I instantly became aware that this was bigger than I realized. My dad, you see, was a Vietnam Vet. It's not something he talks about, but his commitment to our country is unwavering. I had never witnessed the look on his face that he had that day.
Answer: No, it’s not. It’s Peruvian.
Prima self-adhesive pearls
He said that media rights groups had been informed of the incident but a police complaint was not lodged by Friday evening.
But it's also changing in ways that baffle native Midlanders. Young people coming to find jobs---in the past, young people with options (education, enough money) have left to find their way in the larger world, sometimes coming home later to raise kids, but often settling in Dallas or Houston or San Antonio. Now there are younger people who've come here to work. And there are even more undocumented foreign workers than ever. There are large parts of town where you can hang out and not ever hear anyone speak English. I overheard a white Midlander, just a couple years ago, tell a friend, "I haven't been south of Wall Street in decades." I live "south of Wall Street," which puts me in what many people think of as South Midland, a place they avoid and speak of with that slight tilt of the nose. The majority of our neighbors do not speak English as their primary language, and this has always been so. But with the current influx of workers, the change in the population is something native anglo Midlanders are starting to have to think about, and it does not make them happy. They want the boom, the money, the success, the conservative politics and religion, but they don't want the change, especially the foreigners, whether they're young people from up north or laborers from the south.
"I don't know mate. I think she might be dying."
Based on our investigative findings, we have arrived at a very startling and irrefutable conclusion. We are witnessing the orchestrated destruction of America. Soon, in the streets of the U.S., we will see some of the most violent events in modern history take place, likely to result in the implementation of public curfews, restrictions on travel, and possibly even Martial Law. That appears to be the plan. It is not a new plan, but one that has been in the works since the early twentieth century. We have created an in-depth report that reveals the individuals and groups behind these events, their motives, tactics and methods. The following is a summary of that report and our investigative findings.
Seventeen-year-old Tate is about to make her parents’ dreams come true. Unfortunately for her, their dreams foretell her death.
Now that I have shared the details of my run in please allow me to show you a picture of ‘something that people rarely take pictures of.’ Now I wish I could show you the picture that I took but I mistakenly deleted the images from my computer a few days ago. Total accident and I hate that my mistake cost me a couple of hundred pictures. However, fear not intrepid readers. The folks at google have made it easy for me to show you nearly the same image of ‘something that people rarely take pictures of’ via their handy FREE google maps service. Below I present to you a near identical image to the ones that I had shot on that fateful day. Without further ado:
River: My ideas come from my life either personally or through what I observe around me. Honestly, I have no idea other than they feel right or wrong to me.
Becky attended and enjoyed the graduation and the wedding and the wedding reception, but she did seem to be getting weaker; and by the time of the reception she was also having a little shortness of breath. By the end of June, it was becoming clear that some new problems were developing. In addition to having trouble breathing, she began to have trouble swallowing and her voice also became nasal and a little hoarse.
Happy Thanksgiving, and thank you!
Miss Brookfield will still be standing at the forthcoming elections.
But this I do believe that more tobacco firms will follow in their footsteps and I would not be surprised to see in a few years time a e cigarette counter in your local supermarket, with the brands of tobacco which we know now but in e cig related form. This I admit I would like to see, although some people say it wont work due to the simple fact that some smokers just are not that interested. Well here is the thing it’s all down to education and showing people the pro’s and con’s of e cigarettes and what they can do for you. So we can only hope that Lorillard will come to their senses and use this opportunity wisely to educate people what vaping is all about.
I will soon gather the quiet around me again. I will find the rhythms of the place and of myself. I will fill myself with created worlds. This is the thing I need to survive. Wherever I am. The one thing.
b) Gesenius gives the meaning as… “the prince of the life of the world.”
That’s what these companies respond to is both their public image but also financial pressure. So you put some financial pressure on a company, you get other people in that industry to clean up very quickly.
I may have actually become a pretty good runner if not for four things; my aching knees, my rather large size, Kentucky Fried Chicken and gravity. The picture above was taken by my wife from the finish line during my one and only marathon. I’m not sure if the clock says four hours or four days. I’m obviously not in the picture, but she did get a great shot of the ambulance that came through about three hours later as it rushed me to a local hospital.
And in my heart,
I've never taught this course before. It's a general education class based in the Communications & Media Studies department, for whom I've begun teaching one class each term (unfortunately preventing me from teaching any Women's Studies courses during the regular year, since there's now no room in my schedule, and I'm not allowed to teach more than 3 classes per term). The catalogue description is pretty general, basically saying it's a course about people who deviate from social norms. I decided to take that into some particular directions. (The syllabus is here.)
However at the moment the ANC-regime has only committed itself to investing two percent of the GDP on research and development, says Bongani Mayosi of the University of Cape Town, who chairs the Academy’s panel.
Remove pan from heat; discard all but 2 Tbsp of rendered oil. Add thin sliced shallots and stir. Add brown sugar and stir to dissolve. Add balsamic vinegar and coffee and stir. In a stainless steel mixing bowl toss warm vinaigrette with baby spinach and 2 tablespoon oil.
A girl just came in to my room and asked if I could paint her nails for her. Can’t say that I am up for cheeriness. But I am blocking myself away and out of all possibilities of getting out of this frame of mind. I just want it to be 10pm so that I can take my 14mgs Immovane and get off too bed. I tried to have an early night last night and I just slept awfully, on and off because my body simply didn’t need that much sleep. It’s now 8pm. I’ve passed 30 minutes.
It's amazing how often I catch myself being guilty of covetousness, and for years I didn't even realize that it was a problem for me! I thought that covetousness was being envious of other people's things and having a hateful, jealous attitude. But when I took a closer look at the Word, I noticed that right after the admonition to be without covetousness is the added command to be content with such things as I have. Uh-oh. How often have I been guilty of complaining about my job, my apartment, my clothes, my bank account. I thought it was ok because I wasn't begrudging anybody else's possessions; I just wanted a few nicer things of my own. But a truly focused Christian is content with the things that they have. Why? Because God has promised that he will never leave us or forsake us, and ultimately, that is all any of us really need.
on a sweet new beach pad in
If I knew I wouldn't be leaving out folks-- my addled brain can't remember every name of everyone who helped us over the years-- I'd make a list here and thank each of you one-by-one. Let's give thanks for my forgetfulness, because if I could compile such a list, it would be so long the Internet would blow up.
Style and category definitions are often the source of bafflement, and sometimes argument amongst those involved. Tedious pedantic semantic arguments occur: "That beer's not a Strong Bitter, it's an Old Ale" etc. ad nauseum.
There are as many bánh mì permutations as there are cooks, but here's ours. It's taken me a while (a pretty long while), but after much tweaking and editing and wringing of hands, here're the current most-favoured elements of our ever-morphing and hopefully-improving bánh mì play list (NB: We're firmly in the porky pig paradise camp. Looking for lean mean chicken or meatless seitan? Sorry, here is not the place.):
Add to that the fact that we are importing tens of millions of people who may benefit the rich by depressing wages and disempowering the workforce and benefit the left by undermining the nation state but who’s contribution to society and the wider economy come nowhere close to equalling the strain they place upon it and it is clear that the West is heading for a melt down which any number of national bail outs can prevent.
Lenore Wolf- The Fallen One
This year, in addition to the 5 OWCN core webinars (currently available in recorded format), we are offering a Special Topic Series. These webinars will be available live and recorded for later viewing. The Special Topic webinars will last for an hour, and will cover interesting topics in the oiled wildlife field. As usual, there will be an accompanying quiz you must complete to receive credit for viewing the webinar.
The other day one of my dogs was settled down for an afternoon nap. I noticed that she was laying down in front of a lion statue. Clearly, she was doing her best to imitate the lion’s pose.
Unun Far IS
Have a top weekend everybodies…
Yep, there is a big white gutter extension running through the flower bed...
Every time I see an Anthropologie, I always insist on wandering through the store. Because the brand calls Philadelphia it’s hometown, I was especially excited to adventure to the flagship store. The two photos above are from my adventure. There’s stained glass on the ceiling and part of the store has a beautiful view of Rittenhouse Square. I didn’t snap a photo of the chandelier, but I died!
Then one day, a package accidentally splits open, revealing Ben’s dirty little secret…and an unexpected connection that leaves him wondering if he’s been reading Ollie wrong all this time. There’s only one way to find out: risk showing Ollie every last scar. And hope “far from perfect” is good enough for a chance at love.
Brown’s mother, a survivor of domestic abuse herself, has stood firmly by his side since he pled guilty to felony assault charges against Rihanna in 2009.
This new preconference will complement the Business 101 preconference and will provide librarians in academic and public libraries with a broad conceptual understanding of business support and business reference. No prior business reference experience is required.
Lets go back..... way back. And make a Like Totally Awesome LO!!!
Yes, I was still playing with my Silhouette too, so made my framework for Tabia on this creating a 'special place' for Tabia to reside within the bubble circle all of which I had also made myself. This circle of circles is in fact two layers so that I could add the coloured 'bubbles' neatly. These ones were actually made from colouring Promarkers onto acetate. The reverse is actually ever so slightly different (a couple of extra cut out bubbles so it is just that little bit more interesting on the back than it otherwise might have been - I know, I am mad!!!) The logic being of course, that as it dangles it will rotate slightly so didn't want it to be too boring on the back.
From NetGalley
SO much better!
The Lord was good throughout it all... I almost didn't realize how crazy it was until we were on the tail end of it. He gave me so much strength, and the ability to carry a HEAVY load with joy and peace.... but man, when Jan 2nd hit me.. WOW. I was crumbling big time. By dinner time, I was standing in the kitchen, looking around, knowing I was supposed to be making dinner for my family, and serving them, but all I could do was wander upstairs, sit in the bathroom, and cry. Nathan, bless hi heart, found me and helped me. He's amazing. :o)
These thirteen short stories convey often the characterization and tone of a contemporary update of Joyce's Dubliners, however scattered across the midwestern and western cities and towns and villages of a jittery, weary, and off-kilter Irish present. Kevin Barry's debut collection shifts the tales across the landscape, from his homeland into first the North-west of England and then across a Greenland ice scape, where this brief volume ends. They stories begin in the coastal hamlets of Ireland facing west, and gradually move about the land before they start to get restless, as their characters, and they edge off the island.
it would be in the crevice of
Sedalia, CO (30 miles southwest of Denver)
Women, being all soft and sensitive and mothery and shit, should act as a civilizing force on men.
Kiss Me on the Bus
- $5 Kriss Kringle, you choose the gift and then swap with your sister
Every so often, I get into a sort of informal contest with someone. For games to commence, each person must be at home, bored, outfitted in crusty pajamas. Liquor or junk food must be involved, this part is not optional. These contests never start in person or even on the phone. It’s all done through instant messaging, writing on a facebook wall, or texting.
True Grit is a rare film from Hollywood these days. It manages to work creatively within the Classical style, to tell an interesting story in interesting visual terms, and to present living, breathing characters enhanced through performances of truly great actors. It is a tribute to, and a demonstration of, the versatility of Joel and Ethan Coen, whose personal style never intrudes on the overall vision they achieve with this film.
Diamond in the back, sunroof top
2) In large mixing bowl beat cream cheese on medium speed until fluffy. Add 1 1/3 Cups sugar, cornstarch, vanilla, and lemon juice. Beat until combined. Add eggs, one at a time, beating until just combined after each addition. Stir in Greek yogurt.
flying back home tonight. cab at 3am.
"From Project Runway?!"
There seems to be an epidemic of epic proportions running rampant around here. Everywhere I go here in FastTrack (FT) somebody is talking about this exer-whatever thing. I seem to remember hearing something about that years ago, but it has been a LOOOONG time. I do remember that it was something we did in P.E. in grade school. Come on -- you remember those days!
These interiors celebrate the beauty and comfort of feminine design with color, furniture shapes, and attractive accessories. Not just in romantic or French style, all styles are celebrated by Jacqueline, this book is page after page of colorful inspiration you will want to look at again and again.
to less wishing and more doing in 2011 and beyond.
But the thing is, even if it's just in my fantasies, I love writing. I love the coming up with new ideas. I love the pair of shoes or kiss or subway station or airplane waiting room or nail polish cover or orgasm or scream or bite that inspires the start of a story. Maybe it's the title or the setting or an image. So maybe I lied and I just love the beginning, the brainstorm, and the rest I slog through. I don't know. I just know it feels amazing to see that initial vision through to completion. I'm reading Jonathan Gottschall's The Storytelling Animal and I love his reminder, so far, about how universal the need for stories are. I don't know why I need to write them, but I do, and I know I feel hollow and disgusting and unworthy when I have those ideas and deliberately don't write them.
Fill your life with happy memories. Grab your camera and document all these experiences down. Our minds start to deteriorate from the moment of our first breath so before you enter the evil dementia zone, grab some photos and keep them in a cool album.
I have to believe that it will make way for a new wonderful enlightening and magical experience.
Dried Longan, 5 pcs
But Tim's taking a longer-range view. Like a couple of years, maybe half that.
I immediately called my husband and he was back home and we were off to my doctors office. They were super efficient and confirmed right away that my water had indeed broken and that the baby would be out within the next 24 hours. It was a mixed bag of emotions from there. Happiness and joy at the thought that the baby would be there to hold and feel. That she would be home for Diwali, the biggest Indian festival. Apprehension for the baby’s well being. Are her lungs mature enough. She was tiny at the previous ultrasound and weighed only 4lbs 3 oz the week before, so will she be ok outside the womb. Feelings of guilt – what did I do wrong? Why has my water broken so early. Feelings of panic – We are not prepared, the care seat is not ordered, the crib is not set. How will it all get done. But of all these feelings I guess it was the excitement of holding the baby that took over.
I shaped and formed the nest.
- She says, "Thank you" for almost everything and is starting to also add "Please" and "No, Thank You" to her repertoire.
Remember what the intention of the holiday season is really about. I was in the car with LittleJ last week, and, as usual, I asked her how she would feel about our gift to them (the kids) being baking and decorating gingerbread men. Also, doing it earlier than Christmas, since my mobility is getting more and more limited as the Countdown to SharkBean looms nearer and nearer.
1 1/2 cup fresh blueberries
Pretty, right? Also, pretty overpriced and not practical at all for my kids.
understands
Usually on my day off, I have TONS of stuff to do...and very little time to play...but this morning...I didn't plan ANYTHING...and since I woke up at the butt crack of the morning (read 3:30 am...eww) I had lots of time to play.
Lots of great options on the menu, and my original thought was to have a burger. Instead, they had a thin cut rib eye on the menu served with a mashed potato and asparagus, and I just couldn't pass it up at $20 or whatever the cost was.
1 hat
With the lowering of the top income tax rate in 1981, the percentage of income of both the top 10% and the top 1% began to increase sharply, and by 1986 their shares of income were 40% and 15%, respectively. At the beginning of the Clinton Administration, another sharp increase began, and the top 10% moved to over 47% by 1998 and the top 1% rose to 22%. By 2007, the figure for the top 10% was back 50%, where it had peaked 80 years earlier. And the top 1%, similarly, was back near the 1928 level, at 23.5%.
I mean, kill me now – twice.
I was a little worried about using such a dark teal paper...it just seemed so dark and I wasn't sure if I'd be able to brighten it up! But I think it turned out great. The image is Ava Flowers from Bugaboo, again colored in with my pencils. I punched out some daisy's to match the flowers in the image and added some clear gems to the centers.
taking care of the written word,
you can’t shake easily
Soon the mock feud ceased as the careers of the two singers diverged. Columbo’s life came to an end on Sept. 2, 1934, when he succumbed to a wound from a bullet accidentally fired from an antique pistol. He was 26 years old. Crosby, who was one of his pallbearers, went on to dominate the popular culture for successive generations.
I wasn’t a professional photographer at that point, just someone who had been taking photos since I was a young girl, and who just loved it. Nature and landscapes were what I took, as that’s what I did. And on this trip, I saw more than I had ever seen before.
03. Seventeen
The next morning brought with it a touch of sadness but also a revelation: firstly, I was really annoyed that I’d smoked and, having not done so for over a month, had lit up; secondly, however, I was pleased – I may have smoked but the experience was so horrible, so gross, so unappealing, for the first time I’m truly confident that I can be an ex-smoker.
See, even Dennis DeYoung of Styx agrees with me…
This giveaway is in appreciation of my followers, so you must be one in order to enter.
that I can’t seem to reach.
The first category that we were given was James Bond movies. Oh Good. I knew James Bond movies. The team of Bill and Ray said that they could name 7. Without even consulting Jessica, I opened my big mouth and said 13. She looked shocked. The emcee informed the other team that we said we could name 13 and they stopped their bidding and told us to name them. I knew all of the Sean Connery James Bond movies, and spouted them all off before Jessica could even say anything. I still had it in my mind that she didn’t know anything. Lucky for me, however, she knew all of the more current James Bond movies and was able to name them. We had named 12. One more to go. I went blank and so did Jessica. The clock was ticking. Finally Eamonn Holmes said, “Bob and Jessica, you need to hurry. Time is running out”. I muttered under my breath, “Damn, I wish he would stop rushing us”.
Still, a few quiet days of housework, blog writing, searching for quick and easy (and paid) writing gigs with Milly at my feet and eating some fresh-from-the-UK Creme eggs will sort all that out.
Wow, it feels like I've been gone forever! Sorry to have been so sporadic, but what a week I've had.
So on on April 14th i made two encounters while retracing the steps of a drunken version of myself. The first was 2 amicable American hippies. These women regaled me with comparisons of the lifestyle in Amsterdam with hippie-dom in the American 1960′s. We talked for about 20 minutes. They told me about taking two of their friends to the red light district and the hilarity that ensued. I told them about my studies in conflict resolution, a topic these two self proclaimed hippies where glad to engage. I get this reaction from a lot of people when i tell them what I do: i’m so glad to see an American getting out, exploring the world. After we talked, I drank my coffee and we went our different ways. I regret not getting their names, but maybe it’s good that they technically remain strangers. I’ve had some of the most meaningful connections with strangers I’ve met. They remain nameless, but still linger on in memory. Parkbench politics is a concept I thought up because of these kinds of mutually beneficial encounters with political undertones and human overtones: where politics takes a backseat to reason and pragmatics while still remaining the subject of inquiry. Plastic passions are bit more volatile, and this might accurately describe this second encounter, occurring an hour after the first.
It usually takes me anywhere from a few days to a few weeks to submit my little tale to whatever publisher was seeking new stories for some new anthology.
On our way out from the Desert Rose RWA conference, a writer asks for help with her story. Using the plot planner she created in the workshop, she points to the key scenes in her story, her face filled with joy and confidence in the layout of the dramatic action scenes. She turns serious as she expresses concern about her character's likability in the beginning first quarter of the novel. Then she slices the edge of her hand, cutting off the first quarter and looks up beaming as she declares she likes her story from that point on to the end.
Exclamation points,
C: Chicago, IL – oh yeah, that fabulous, toddling town. I lived there from mid-soph year of HS until I finished college. My sweet hubby lived there his whole life prior to Chicago. The musuems, the sports, the architecture, the people, the lakefront, the restaurants, the vibe of the city—spectacular. I’d also like to re-visit the coast of Maine (C for Coast).
and we move towards the light until it fades out
1) I still have the trip to 3 different stores to get the supplies = MORE TIME AND GAS
Needless to say, I often find myself looking for ways to use excess produce. This cake was a great way to finish up blueberries and strawberries. I made a simple sheet cake, but the same recipe would make a 9-inch layer cake. Just whip up your favorite frosting to go with it. In lieu of a heavy frosting, I made a vanilla-almond whipped cream. Fast and simple - and nice and light in the hot weather.
Then I thought of the different reactions the two photos would elicit from viewers. Oohs and aahs for the heron of course, and probably some yucks for the alligator. When I post a photo of one of these reptiles I usually get an e-mail from a daughter-in-law telling me not to get too close.
The terrace houses built in the 19th century and provided for factory workers and miners are no better. Row after row of the same drab uniformity. It doesn't matter if its horizontal or vertical, as in high-rise apartment blocks, the effect is the same.
Wishing you a most wonderful Monday dear friends,
And just like that
And yes, at the same time, we are sad; but not hopeless. In fact it is exactly opposite. We have been filled with so much love and peace from Heavenly Father. I call this the "hard peace," because we don't know to which aspect of this situation it applies; will she change her mind last minute or will we be taken care of if she truly chooses to parent.
Another strong leg kick by Chesser, and Ronnie goes for the take down. Chesser almost defended it, then Ronnie picks him up and slams him hard to the ground. Not a lot of action, then Ronnie lands some shots from the top.
Right, the recipe for banana choc muffins that I made tonight for my lunches will have to wait until tomorrow as I'm heading for bed and will wake up refreshed and raring to go for a new week.
Although the notion of integrating the two paradigms is plausible only in a rudimentary fashion, Gunaseelam appears to be a practical and relatively successful marriage. The head priest and psychiatrist do not overwhelmingly endorse each other’s methods, but can see the benefits of co-treating patients. From a psychiatric point of view, patients can be treated within a framework that is cheaper and more community-based than a hospital. From a priestly point of view, the benefits of the rituals are assisted by medication that helps control symptoms, and the consistent patient recovery rates reinforce the temple’s long-standing reputation as a healing site.
-You can use more than one 20% off diaper coupon if the codes are different: some codes start with a YT and some codes start with a YJ. You can also use an additional 10 dollar coupon with the two 20 percent off coupons. If you manage to pull this one off you are really getting your purchase for free!
Not just the glitz and glam. The sessions will reflect on how all media influences youth, how children and young people are represented in the media and how they wish to be represented. The impact of new media and ideas on how to use it will also be shared.
And thanks for stickin' around for this majorly long post! Happy St. Paddy's Day!!!!!
As I said earlier, we're moving back to KK very very soon. We’ve been packing like mad over the past few weeks and cleaning the house for our landlord’s final inspection. Inspection day was Sunday and boy, was I relieved when we finally handed over the house keys to Mr. Butcher.
1/2 C. dark chocolate mini chunks
27. A dumb sorority chick’s diary
Here's hoping it goes well.
*Sift together
It is official – Tea with Mary Kate is now very excited about the marriage of Prince William to Catherine Middleton. Quite honestly, how can anyone not be?!
We’re not big on stuff. We have a small house so we tend to keep stuff to a minimum, or at least in the garage. This applies in the kitchen as well. Before I met Garry I had a full set of tableware, but only two pots and one baking dish. Clearly I wanted to be sure that there was something to eat off, happy in the knowledge that I’d get by cooking on aluminum foil if all else failed.
Many engineers maintain that seawalls, jetties and replenished beaches are necessary to protect the valued developments already on the barrier islands. Too many people live or vacation at Atlantic City, Miami Beach and other barrier island towns to let their roads and buildings simply fall into the sea, these experts say.
One of these films is 1990’s Coupe De Ville, staring a young Patrick Dempsey and Daniel Stern with Alan Arkin playing their father. The story is of 3 brothers who famously don’t get along assigned with the task of driving their mothers birthday present , a 1954 Cadillac from Detroit to Florida. The brothers encounter various problems along the way and go so far as to nearly wreck the car. They are then forced to repair the damage themselves before delivering it to their mother. While it may sound like a basic plot and a simple movie, it is. What makes it stand out is the chemistry between the characters and the razor sharp dialogue. You truly take this trip with them and feel as though, for a time, you are a member of the family. With comedy that will leave tears in your eyes to the love each brother shows for the other that will fill your heart.
Try sitting down on Styrofoam for two weeks........
Today, Shafiq’s former trainer Brendan said: “What a wasted talent. Khalid Shafiq was an absolute nightmare. He could have been brilliant but he just wanted to be a gangster.
As I was making the dress I had planned to make my daughter an Agnes tunic from Girl's World or an new Marissa in Girl's World Vibe but I couldn't wait that long to take the picture and share the Devon with you. So here she is with me in her Marissa I made last year in Honey Child. I love how Jennifer's fabrics coordinate in unexpected ways from line to line. Still planning that Agnes so stay tuned. It will be cute.
After attending Orlando’s Soul Train tribute, I later cruised the automobile to Peacock Room. There Club Queso took place. Back in the middle of the last decade, I photographed these house music events for my friend Tania Bernard, one of Peacock’s events people and bartender.
The Blank Page…
"Whether we do it in our workplaces or in our child care facilities, breastfeeding, as we have learned, is one of the ways to reduce the level of obesity in a child," Mrs. Obama said. "The longer a mother can breastfeed, the better off a child will be on a whole range of health issues...Those are the kind of things that workplaces -- that we all need to understand is an important part of a family's well being and a child's health."
while Jane Austen, who visited Box Hill while staying with relatives in nearby Great Bookham, sends her heroine Emma Woodhouse on a picnic on Box Hill. Emma describes Box Hill as “not Switzerland”.
What kind of society are we where that even needs to be said?
3) feel good about paying it forward
And now to my answers.
6/12 Vancouver, BC - Media Club
words are few.
He was dying and didn't want
While I love my concept and know after working in a library that it is exactly what the age group wants, at the same time, I understand the concept isn't huge enough for most publishers or even agents to want to take a risk on. Not that I'm giving up on my book. Far from it. Like I said, I know it has a market. And it only takes one person to believe it in.
In Leviticus 16 God tells Aaron that once a year, every year, would make a very specific sacrifice. He would enter into the Holy Place, and sacrifice a goat on the Ark of the Covenant as a way of cleansing or removing the ‘…impurities caused by human sin.’ See, the blood of the goat was thrown on the Ark as a way of cleansing the Israelites from sin before God. It was the blood itself, which is symbolic for life, which was important. The goats blood represented life for the Israelites.
Facilitator: Arthur Orsini- Youth Engagement Facilitator at Urbanthinkers – returns to Vancouver after a 3 month contract at Auckland Transport working to develop and strengthen student-led teams at 12 secondary, 7 intermediate and 7 primary schools.
I'm running out of activities.
I did not have an answer then, but I know now that it lacked my dad’s hovering around the table, watching us eat, ready to heap joy and nourishment on our plates.
“Money is the most important subject intellectual persons can investigate and reflect upon. It is so important that our present civilization may collapse unless it is widely understood and its defects remedied very soon.” – Robert H. Hemphill, former credit manager, Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta
I will start today.
For the second year in a row, I was successful in the raffle. My first winning ticket yielded a bottle of the 2009 Sierra Nevada and Dogfish Head collaboration, Life and Limb. My second ticket awarded me with a series of every Fred Fest tasting glass made - filling in some gaps from the years I've missed.
"Now it makes me curious as to why you are a nomad. I'm going to have to go back to the beginning of your blog and find out..." And that got me wondering about when this nomadic journey started.
Time out of mind was
and it will bring you to sorrow, my pretty princess.”
Please take a moment to vote for us on Picket Fence! It only takes one click! Thanks!
PROJECTS!!
However, when she got the bagpipes out the vicar made his excuses and left. That is the sort of thing you have to expect with vicars, bringing religion into it and spoiling it for the rest of us. However, once the vicar had pedalled away, leaving with the harmonium in a very precarious position on the back of his unicycle, she locked the bagpipes back in their cage and got the Ludo board out.
4: of or relating to striptease
Luke uses the regular word for ‘inn’ when relating Jesus’ parable of the Good Samaritan (10:34). The word used here, however, is the same one he uses for the ‘upper room’ of a house where the last supper took place (22:11). It refers to a lodging or guest room, usually part of a private house.
What's the best way to make sure you both have input into the style of your home? ie What would you do if your clients were a couple with very different ideas of how their home should look - how would you begin to approach that in terms of trying to fuse their ideas together or keep them both happy? HQ
You run amid the stoic cows;
And finally, I updated my photography website to showcase the two Parisian portfolios in development for the rest of the year: Paris in Process and Toyland: The Holga in Paris. A third new portfolio appears on the site as well: Garden of Monsters. This third gallery includes garden imagery from Paris, but mixed with imagery from Italy and the United States. The title of this portfolio comes from a remote garden in Bomarzo, Italy that I photographed years ago: a strange Baroque park built by the grieving Pier Francesco Orsini when his wife died. The park is known locally as the "Bosco dei Monstri."
Courvant, Diana. “Speaking of Privilege.” This Bridge We Call Home: Radical Visions for Transformation. Eds. Glorida E. Anzaldúa and Analouise Keating. New York: Routledge, 2002. 458-463. Print.
Summer is the perfect time to go on awesome vacations and see some cool concerts. We decided to combine the two and send you on a little concert vacay.
Leave the girls some love, as they have
I know what my son is saying. I know that the young kids, the young chefs, want the ‘wow’ factor and to mix cultures. I think that’s to be encouraged. I know we all like the hype and get moved by it. But like the bicycle movement, or the slow food movement, I also want to return to basics, to have real knowledge, real discussion and real passion in cooking. We all like froth but it’s important to have good substance beneath it!
It means more than you
Now, let’s examine at the Method of Justification, meaning how it’s done – how God ordained it to be. We want to know why there is justification, what is justification, and how justification works. These inquiries mirror three of life’s biggest questions for every one of us: Why am I here? Who put me here? How did He do it?
FIX IT ALREADY!!!!!
A partridge in a black sea.
Or cast as rubbish to the void,
Quite the simple layout overall - adding pages to my wonderful scrapbook from the ladies of the Sisterhood. I've added two posts already and it's just about time to start another book since the original is getting quite full. Fun stuff.
What are we deprived of by labor-saving devices?
I feel better.
Birth Control is a WOMAN’S ISSUE – and women, Black, White, Latino, Asian, Religious, Non-religious, practice some form of birth control. And, it boggles my mind that women have to pay for it, while men can get VIAGRA FREE.
Hello there! This is Penny Dolan, Children's writer & storyteller.
There are two ways of doing this:
Councils borrowing billions
The basic truth is that there is NO President in history who has spent less time leading, more time recreating and certainly more time campaigning and fundraising than Barack Obama!
In a microwave safe bowl, add marshmallows and water. Microwave for 1min 30sec, the marshmallows wont all look melted, but once you stir them around, you'll see they are.
The movie Shakespeare in Love has been hauling in the audiences and the ticket sales just as its subject, the play Romeo and Juliet, did so long ago, and still does, whenever it is played. This movie is delightful, but as everyone knows, it is not the truth. It is a good story, but it is not the true story of Shakespeare in love.
In the meantime....Happy New Year!
I took my inspiration from the most recent SOG challenge. The gals over at Some Odd Girl posted this pic on the blog and set us out to create whatever the photo inspired. Immediately I saw the hearts and the book, and you know what I think when I see book pages???
What is happening now, is that Zimbabwe's population is no longer transmigrating - but settling permanently in South Africa and Botswana - desperate to flee the suppression and famine in their own country, they now seek food and safety with just the clothes on their backs. And for those millions of desperate souls who sneak across these frontiers, consider the obstacles: Armed bandits. A river populated by crocodiles and man-mauling hippos. Many man-eating lions who have learned to relish human flesh in the Kruger national park. Multiple rows of fences. And they go to a country they know is dangerously hostile to immigrants. Yet this is what they continue to do by the thousands each day - just to escape from Robert Mugabe's Zimbabwe.
That’s when I looked straight into her eyes, “I know you’re hurt. Don’t lie to me about that. I can see it. It’s there. In your eyes.” Yeah. I knew I wasn’t supposed to say that. But hell, I wasn’t supposed to have grabbed her hand, and hauled her outside to see the flowers in the first place. Sometimes, you know. You just have to take the rules people follow and lock them up in a desk drawer for a bit. And do what needs to be done. What should be done. “I love the flowers. Sometimes, I think they’re the only sane thing, the only real thing around here.”
"He's gone Moon, said that he had places to be,
So when I left you last, I had just emptied out all the drawers and put all of my old and duplicated items into a box to donate.
When one hasn't been hindered by schooling or teaching, learning is as natural as breathing.
Southern Europeans were quickly defined out of the equation by Nordicists, especially in the US where they were widely despised, but Hitler actually put Meds second only to Nordics. He hated Slavs, but this was mostly because he said they were a “slave race”.
#4. Christmas afternoon was spent with my family and my Auntie and Uncle Jon. Yummy food, yummy pie, and some gifts. I love Christmas at Auntie’s. It’s a great way to spend the afternoon. Garrett loved exploring and playing. After his birthday he started understanding the concept of blowing out candles. But now he tries to blow out everything- flashlights, LED candles, and Christmas lights. The picture on the top right is him trying to blow out the Christmas tree. Both the kids zonked out as soon as we got in the car. It was a fun full day.
Great to have a nice simple update!
I loved Madrid.
Even the remaining 1% of nice, respectful Christian guys aren’t the most reliable when it comes to relationships. And I’m just not one of those girls that needs a guy to feel secure. I go where I want, I do what I want, I say what I want, and I always bring my pepper spray as a backup. I kill cockroaches and spiders in my dorm room without fainting, screaming, or calling security. I actually like to drive, I can open my own doors, and I can even do guy push-ups. I’m quite self-sufficient. Which basically means that, for a guy to be something I actually need and depend on, he’s got to be something pretty special.
The statistical violence in this situation is obviously about wealth distribution.
Grace Williams is a senior at the University of Southern Mississippi pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Entertainment Industry Management. She hopes to someday be a part of this great wide world of theatrical management. She is passionate about live entertainment.
The pub has hired a team of ghost-busters to expel the incubus, but in my view they ought to discover its identity first. It might be the ghost of someone famous like Benny Hill, which would make the pub a major attraction. I dare say the late comedian has millions of fans who would be honoured to have their arse tweaked by his astral being. They could easily find out whether it’s him by hiring a bald midget to sit on a bar stool and listening for the sound of his head being slapped. That was certainly a more definitive Benny Hill trademark than bum-pinching, which innumerable less distinguished men have dabbled in.
Jonathan on holding on with this job until something else
English Landing Park, Parkville, Missouri
I'm also feeling grateful for all of you-- my blogging buddies. I have felt so much support and kindness from all of you over the last few years that I really feel like part of a community. You are all amazing! I'll be holding a giveaway in the next few weeks just to say THANK YOU.
We'll look through them once we have some extra time. Right now we are so swamped with stuff to do (I shouldn't even be blogging right now-I'm supposed to be cleaning the house because Kevin's family is all coming over for dinner Sunday!)! We have Eric's graduation open house to get the yard ready for, a volleyball tournament tomorrow-with a potluck that I'm in charge of (and haven't bought anything yet-YIKES!!), and as I mentioned earlier, Kevin's family is all coming over for dinner on Sunday-after I get off work!
2x max pullups, max L-sit hold
07-22 Atlanta, GA – Fox Theatre Atlanta
people turn a blind eye
There’s no solutions in Modern Times—just observations. The first is that efficiency demands organization, then repetition, then rigidity. The second is that people are machines if they act like them. The Tramp is jostled, squeezed and misdirected through the café crowd just as he was through the factory’s equipment. The riots he causes seem automatic—they occur as easily as if he’d leaned back on a switch he didn’t see. He’s hired, fired, imprisoned, freed and hired again, good as new and never the wiser.
Right behind my house.
Even if some of you have seen better days
(Photo by my father, Bill Davison. Click to enlarge.)
In 2008, I went a visited a buddy of mine round about Nashville. Right before I left, he said…oh, dude..you gotta see this. He decided he was going to try and get under my skin a bit. First he subjected me to David Allen Coe. I was not pleased (and if you don’t know of him, don’t bother to find out who he is). Than he played a fan made video of Dirt Road Anthem by ole Colt. It didn’t strike me one way or the other….it just was. When I got back to my neck of the woods, I found he’d e-mailed me the link. I watched it again…and again…..and again. I can’t tell you quite why.
And hanging here in space.
I knew the voice, Paul Owens, football team captain.
Two potted Ficus trees on either side of our gate. We also have a small bistro table (you can see it peaking into stage right), another Ficus (not pictured) and some potted trellis plants as well (also MIA from this pic).
WOW! Big come back win for Tony Zucca!
Blue Scholar Blog: How are relations with the city and the police?
I visualize you hearing only “white nothingness” because your senses are totally focused on the attention I am giving your body.
Is this increase in security a sign that London expects terrorist activity at the 2012 games?
What I am saying to you is that I have the capacity—we all do; and when I say we all do, I mean the mighty ones, the archangels—we have the capacity to bring the fullness of our energy to many, many, many, and yes, if you wish, millions—millions!—of places simultaneously. It is not bilocation. It is not multilocation. It is the ability to be present fully and completely where we are called, where we are required, where we wish to be. Because I am always connected also infinitely to the heart of One, and I am always infinitely in this moment with you, on the radio, fully connected to you.
Only 2 more sleeps until we fly off to Canada - getting organised but really not needing the hassle which good old useless parcel service (aka UPS) is providing. I think Ian had steam coming out of his ears today - I was too stressed by it to even think about it. Last time UPS caused us drama was in London and I cracked knee open. Needed a holiday in Europe afterwards to recover if I remember correctly.
But, I’m simply reporting what I’ve seen elsewhere; the fact that its out there is a story unto itself, don’tcha know – and, in all honesty, I think Ann ‘I’m the white daughter of a white millionaire and I married a white millionaire and cranked out five white boys, so of course I know what its like to raise non-white children while being non-white and making minimum wage’ Romney should be forced to admit or deny making the statement…
It was well compèred by Graham Norton and there were lovely distinctive voices from Philip Pullman (growly bear Iorek), Alan Bennet (Nation's favourite Teddy bear), Margaret Atwood, Tracy Chevalier, Rupert Everett - heavens, too many stars to name. And Boris Johnson.
embossing plate
Plus last time I did it, I didn’t have a crazy 4-year-old to deal with too.
This could go on actually if we don't have a rule about the same song featuring in different versions- a dub cover of The Clash's Spanish Bombs by O' Luge and Kornerstrone Allstars from a dub tribute album to The Clash called Shatter The Hotel (a line from Spanish Bombs).
Radiation should begin in early March, if I can get my right arm to stretch properly. I started a strenuous regimen of physical therapy today. With only two weeks until the start of radiation, my physical therapist said it's a good thing I got a refill on my pain meds. Ow.
Good morning to you all and good Saturday!!! It is cold here from a few days, but we can't complain, here it wasn't so cold before....... the only thing I am sorry about is that it is snowing everywhere but not there..... living so near the sea means also this!!!
Hosea – to marry Gomer. “But Lord, she’s a harlot and I’m set apart to be your man of God.”
This is my mom. Without her I would not be the woman I am today. I tell her this every mother's day, but the older I get the more true it becomes. She has taught me how to love deeply, pray hard and give my all.
Morning Post, 14 July 1820
The biggest clue I think was in watching Gary's interactions with gamers online, where all they wanted to do was ask him about D&D, and all he wanted to do was big up LA. His frustration was evident, but it didn't stop the D&D questions coming thick and fast. LA was not D&D.
The London Lucumi Choir (“Lucumi” is a Cuban variation of the word “Ulkumi” or “Ulcumi”, one of the former kingdoms in Yorubaland) was founded in 2006 and is one of the few community ensembles in the British capital that doesn’t audition future members. The choir is the brainchild of percussionist Jorge Amando de Armas Sarria, singer and arranger Daniela Rosselson de Armas and master drummer Javier Campos Martínez. The group focuses mainly on performing songs dedicated to the orishas (Yoruba deities), plus other rhythms belonging to the rich Afro-Cuban tradition. The London Lucumi Choir was recently shortlisted for the Folkloric Act of the Year by online magazine Latino Life. It will officially launch Un Solo Palo No Hace Monte on the 24th April at the Rich Mix as part of the La Línea Festival.
I love having a cup of tea or hot cider in the evening with my hubby while we talk or watch a favorite tv show together.
with someone, you have to be mentally and spiritually connected.If all you have in
Most of the time I choose 1st one, but today I just wanted to blame somebody/something for small negative things: my internet router being a b***h and my good, expensive earphones being broken. You see what I mean? Monday has nothing to do with these things…but as much as I don’t like blaming Monday, I think every one of us deserves to have that one day for excuses…as long as the rest of the week it’s we, and not Monday, decide how things will go.
There is a very accurate stereotype that if you go to a Chinese food restaurant– practically anyone, there is an unspoken rule to all employees to give take out orders only TWO packets of duck sauce, but an unlimited number of soy sauce packets.
I was itching to do more crafts this past week. So after looking on etsy.com and seeing some cute dresses, I looked up online how to make them (they are called Pillowcase dresses, though I didn't use pillowcases). After making one for Ava in 1 1/2 hours, I decided Mya and cousin Kiera needed one so they could all match at church on Sunday. The 2nd and 3rd one only took an hour each, after figuring out what I did wrong the 1st time. They all looked so cute in them!
I have a few sites I post portions of my work to. I use multiple sites because I only get a few replies from each, the more I get the better I understand what should be fixed according to readers. The biggest complaint I got (Next to spelling) is my imagery is week. Now I don’t have this problem all the way through my novel, but in portions of it. As I am still learning I find taking the advice from more experienced writers is important. So I looked for a site that would help me and I found this http://www.merriam-webster.com/ I spent a lot of time fixing the first half of my prologue, which is funny considering I don’t even know if I am going to use it. I have gotten mixed messages as far as that goes, some told me I needed one, others say I don’t. Time will tell, for now I will make it the best I can. If you want to compare you can find my first draft here : http://artfulhelix.wordpress.com/2012/01/07/rewrite-of-prologue-for-helix/
While I haven’t read The Vicomte de Bragelonne, all-knowing Wikipedia tells me that the film takes a minor plot that divides the Musketeers politically and ends up foiled and runs with it, as do, of course, the other ten films based on the same source. But I actually like the story here; while the humor can be infantile at times (can someone tell me why poop jokes are funny?), it’s emotionally solid. Even Louis, who would be easy to vilify, has some complexity—at the beginning, he seems to be trying (not too hard, though) and he is concerned about women loving him only for his status. Sure, he’s rotten to the core, but he’s not wholly evil. There’s twists that I find very in-character, and even the much criticized and mocked last stand is thoroughly explained—our heroes don’t expect to live through the night and the musketeers don’t want to murder their mentors and their captain. While it’s a very loose adaptation, I find it to be very believable for the characters I met in The Three Musketeers, which is more than I can say for some more faithful adaptations. History, though, does get messed with—Versailles is featured, despite not being ready in 1662, Louis was actually married at the time, and, most hilariously, the film ends with Aramis telling us of Louis XIV’s generous and peaceful reign, which is total bull. But it’s a smashing fun story with heart.
Pakistan's next election is set for February 2013 at the latest, although a snap election is a possibility... Although a self-styled "revolutionary", Imran Khan's politics are far from the fevered streets of the Arab Spring. The difference is democracy: whereas across the Muslim world, dissidents are fighting for the right to vote, Pakistanis already have it. But many dislike the leaders those elections have thrown up, hence the current upheaval. More at the link.
Again, a response arrives almost immediately:
It had finally rained! There were snails all over the front walk. Connor asked for a jar to catch one. Being the good homeschooling mom that I am, I obliged him. Then he asked if he could bring it in the house to watch it. I said, “No way.” He said he wanted to keep it as a pet. I said, “No way.” He said he either wanted an opossum or a snail for a pet.
The WARN notice gave no indication of layoffs at the Patriot surface mine that remains in operation near Hebbardsville, Ky.
Chris had taken a couple of days off work so we had a long weekend together. Friday we got everything out of the loft, found all the Christmas bits out and set about putting up the tree, only to realise we didnt have any lights so Saturday morning we went to buy some, had a trip to the cinema for their movies for juniors, we saw Cars 2 which Emy enjoyed and then we went into town as Emy had a dance exam. They had changed the time of the exam which I didnt know about so this ment hanging around in town for quiet a while! that evening we got the christmas lights out of the box to find they were tiny and not anywhere near enough to cover our tree, so we boxed them back up and put the decorating on hold again.
But if my husband and I cannot work together on our finances, I’m not sure how all of this is going to work. He seems to be very jealous of me working, jealous of what money I earn, however pitiful it may be. I do keep it in my own accounts rather than giving it to him for a household account. He doesn’t like this, even though what I spend out of what I earn goes to the house or for our daughters. It’s not like I am buying myself furs and jewelry!!!!
I stamped the egg shaped repeatedly on white cardstock. Using Copic markers, I colored in the eggs. I cut the eggs out and layered them on a heart-shaped piece of chipboard that I made. I added Diamond Glaze to the entire heart and let it dry overnight. It came out looking so nice and shiny. This would actually make a cute piece of jewelry. You could glue the heart to a pin back.
Nonsense, says Hustler publisher Larry Flynt. Absolutely no proof, says Steven Hirsch, founder and co-chairman of Los Angeles-based Vivid Entertainment, one of the largest makers of erotic movies.
What I think:
There is: Travis and Matt the young adults who are still trying to figure what they want to do and what life is about. Susie, the single parent in her thirties. Bill and Frankie the retired members. Dot and Joyce, the former the church gossip and the latter a widow who is not from the area. They take us on the journey inward to their souls and backward into their pasts that affect who they are and which, I think, shapes in ways apparent and not-so-apparent their likes and dislikes; their preferences and their revulsions; in and with ministers.
Vote wisely my fellow Singaporeans. This is our chance to see real growth in our beloved country!
I want a little boy first and that he will be the
The third cause for controversy was Þeyr's decision to perform in full Nazi regalia. Contrary to most of the other bands in the doc, Þeyr weren’t filmed during a concert. Instead, an ‘acted’ ‘music video’ was used to present the band. It shows the members goose step in Nazi gear towards the Icelandic president's house at Bessastaðir in-between shots of them rocking out in their rehearsal space (which was conveniently located at Álftanes, right next to Bessastaðir). Their Nazi get-up spurred the heated debate "Are Þeyr Nazis on top of being snobs?" The band of course denied all Nazi accusations. They did it ambivalently though, using the old "it was a joke" explanation.
Although I didn´t make any crafty resolution, this week I'm using all my new stuff. In this card, the stamp is the new thing I'm using, I inked it up for first time on Sunday evening and later in the week I colored it.
I am a night person. I will watch a little TV, and be on the internet for a bit. I will also prep for school for the next day, and answer any emails that need to be answered.
3) YOUR FULL BANKING PARTICULAR : …………………………………..
After three months, the doctors finally gave us the okay to get married, with the stipulation that we couldn’t be around more than 50 people, and we couldn’t be more than 30 minutes away from the hospital. I had always imagined a wonderful celebration with all of our friends and family, and a honeymoon in an exotic location. Instead, we found ourselves having an intimate ceremony and a luncheon with just our immediate families. It turned out to be perfect, and was followed by a wonderful week in Park City. Almost a year later, we were able to have a reception and celebrate our marriage and Brad’s good health with our extended family and friends.
"The Jews said to the man who had been healed, 'It is the Sabbath; the law forbids you to carry your mat.'" John 5:10
Aubrey always has lots of fun at Nannie and Pepaw's house. He enjoys riding the "tractor", also known as a riding lawn mower, and mowing with this pretty pink mower. I know Seth is looking forward to the day when he can actually mow!
Feel that your untimely/unplanned guest is God.
We are all back to feeling better, thank goodness. Julie and I still have a bit of a leftover cough, but we're ok.
830 **D-III/29(A)/1982. “The Political Uses of Religion.” Religion and the Commonwealth Lecture Series, Political Science Department, Memphis State University, Memphis, Tennessee. (Incorporated in Item C-1987(4), above, pp. 109-26.)
It's probably just as well that we took a little break from the beach house reno, because about this time, things got really complicated -- we purchased a pied-a-terre in the city.
FAX:
Cat Dancers
Level 5: Accuracy: +100, Speed: +15, Jump: +10.
The buildings of Tuol Sleng have been preserved as they were left when the Khmer Rouge were driven out in 1979. Several of the rooms are now lined completely with black and white photographs of the thousands taken by the Khmer Rouge.
I KNOW!! Are you cheering too!!?? Oh goodness does it feel fabulous to play with fabric again! It's been way too long. Now, don't get me wrong, I really do enjoy yarny things and playing hooky-hook, but quilting is my favourite. And what exactly have I been up to? Well, I know you're dieing to see!
But! I am for group marriages. Maybe a three-way marriage could have allowed sex to flourish within the tri-bond of of Design for Living. I wished I could have married all my friends in a big collective group back then, bound to each other body and soul (well, soul anyway). Instead we live with the daily injustice that we may be best buds with someone for 20 years and then can't visit them in the hospital or share their inheritance, while some chick they drunkenly married a week ago in Vegas suddenly owns half of everything we watched them earn and shuts us out of the visiting room on detox day. I know at least two beautiful, smart girls who never see or hear from their dad anymore because of his jealous second wife. And that's your 'noble institution' in action? No wonder wits like Hecht and Coward and Lubitsch were so suspicious of it. Much better to cherish those friends you love via the gentleman's agreement, so that the mystery and sublimation need never cease its sparkle.
And the shopping. But we'll talk about the food first.
The only way to be on top of your checklist and keep your sanity is to add one important column to your list: due dates. Every party you contact will give you delivery dates. Be real. Many times, due dates will be broken. You need to know your time frame and be persistent.
Grocery
Pastry Cream, chilled, recipe follows
I heard the insult in his voice, but I just said, I let B pick it out for me and I think it’s cool.
In this action, which originated in a claim for unwarranted threats, Judge Birss QC held that the Patents County Court enjoyed the same jurisdiction to deal with post-settlement amendments to a patent as did the Technology and Construction Court itself in Lars Norling v Eez-Away [1997] EWCC 369 (TCC). This did not mean, though, that the court should go ahead and deal with the amendments in every circumstance: there might be circumstances in which the proper course was for the patent owner to apply to the Comptroller instead.
but I needed to speed things up a tad
Those holding the 19-year-old soldier are most likely members of the large Dagmoush clan, coverage of which has slowly seeped into the news over the past month. This powerful crime family was previously allied with Hamas, but it is clearly flexing its muscles and not willing to take orders from the political commanders. Its vendettas and its ruthlessness make the family a loose cannon that no one in Gaza is willing or able to control. The same group also appears to be holding BBC reporter Alan Johnston. The tactics they are using, especially the targeting of foreign journalist and UN personnel (an under-reported story) are more reminiscent of those employed by Iraqi terrorists than the Palestinians groups in Gaza over the past 5 years.
SEAN: I’m allergic to animals, but I did grow up with cats.
The first time's for CNY with my family, the second's for my birthday and the third's with my girls.
Clearly Charlie Whiting is still unhappy that the engine is being used for aerodynamic advantage, he has brought in a restriction on the maps being changed after qualifying. I asked the teams what has been introduced. McLaren told me “same engine map from Q1 until the start of the race”. A fact also confirmed by Lotus and Renault. Therefore no specific engine maps are being banned, merely the teams have to make the judgement call, on whether they can run the first stint on an aggressive map or qualify on a softer map.
drawing
In explaining the appeal of nutritionism to food processors, Michael Pollan tells the story of margarine, which “started out in the nineteenth century as a cheap and inferior substitute for butter, but with the emergence of the lipid hypothesis in the 1950s…could be marketed as better–smarter!–than butter” (33).
Oil - 2 tbsp
01-16 Small stone idol
, here are some things I bought that I love during the month of April that I will hopefully debut in Europe in June.
Though I missed the actual Toad Suck Daze celebration, all the preschool kids brought toads from home to race at school Thursday morning. Talk about chaos. When I showed up kids were all in a frenzy wanting to show everyone their toads. Already two had either jumped out of an open box or had been taken out and then dropped, and were on the loose under the couch.
Just yours, my love.
Defeating Obama is of paramount importance this year, and whoever stands the better chance of doing so should be the nominee, notwithstanding the views of the Republican establishment.
I remember going through my salad dressings during one of my last moves. I had every kind of dressing. That I never used. Blue Cheese, Russian, Italian, and Episcopalian. Why, Mary, why?
I followed up with a “triple-decker”. This was prompted by speculation about possible perjury investigations into certain witnesses in Tommy Sheridan’s trial, and by implication these were going to be the News of the World witnesses, Andy Coulson, Douglas Wight and Bob Bird. All of the parties in connection with whom it is understood there is the ongoing investigation made clear I court that they were telling the truth and, I am sure, would vigorously deny any such allegations.
You can see my name here^^^ and the caption ^^^
I absolutely cannot believe it's December. For one, the weather cried Indian summer for far too long, and secondly, between Thanksgiving and being cooped up with the flu, I lost track of the calendar for a little while.
Let it be known that I will take any excuse to post a painting done by Dali
Have a great day, everyone. Chat again soon.
the reflection on the lake
This is the first quarter that I issued Casia an actual grade in each subject. And we have also instituted an incentive program. We have always taken our kids out to a restaurant of their choosing for good report cards, and Garrett has been given a separate reward program recently to help encourage positive behaviors for some socializing problems he's been having in school, namely talking too much during instruction time. So for Casia, we've given her a chance to earn an electronic book reader. She just has to get straight A's for the last two quarters of this school year. Casia really wants her own book reader and likes getting good grades anyway, so the extra effort to make sure they are all A's is well worth it for her. That being said, I'm a tough grader and so she is forced to study to get those A's. For me, it's a positive, because if she's getting A's, I know she's both working hard and mastering the material. For Jacob, he wants to get Casia her own book reader anyway, so she'll stop borrowing his all the time. It's really a win-win-win.
My Pizza Dough is very simple
Email: Hakima@fahamu.org
(The project is officially supposed to take a decade, so it’s not clear what segment of the total bond request would be sought each year. There's no evidence FCR has even applied for the bonds, though HDC officials didn't respond yesterday to a request for confirmation.)
if you buy fresh sage to make roasted pork with it or to put it between two thin potato slices to fry them in delicious homemade chips, you should know that you'll have plenty more sage for other tasty recipes. one of them is this one, adapted from jamie oliver again.
Ahh yes, the weight loss issue. I've been there myself, along with every single person I have ever known. So I'm not sure why I was surprised to find so many blogs dedicated to documenting weight loss that are instead being used to document frustration.
Four of the most successful performers in gospel music history, Kirk Franklin, Marvin Sapp, Donnie McClurkin and Israel Houghton, announce today that they will share the same stage for the very first time when they embark on The King's Men concert tour this fall. The historic U.S. tour will hit major venues in 15 U.S. cities beginning on Sunday, September 16th at Comerica Theatre in Phoenix, AZ, and culminating in Brooklyn, NY at Barclays Center on Sunday, October 14th.
5. To decorate: pipe the pink icing onto the biscuits to make noses and mouths.
Row 20- ch1, fpsc around ch2, (bpdc around dc, fpdc around dc) around, join to sc.
Medicaid Expansion:
mad, Bush was a homebody, cocooned in the bosom of her family, whose
This will be a farewell concert for our Year 11 musicians and so they are working hard to prepare for their send off. You can look forward to ensemble and solo pieces with some compositions from the students themselves! Don't miss out. Tickets are on sale soon so get Wednesday 30th March in your diaries...
01 Index-Made In Voyage
“This was something that didn’t have to happen. There should be confidence in the parliamentary system and respect for the businesses and people who live around that zone,” he said.
CONTACT button, she can organize your prize for you.
Adam Wiebe, the central protagonist in Canadian writer Rudy Wiebe’s wonderful new novel, Sweeter Than All the World, is a man whose past is catching up with him, both literally and figuratively.
“Despite huge improvements to what’s on the menu, teenagers are still not choosing food combinations that will give them enough energy and nutrients to stay alert all afternoon.”
precious moments we must steal
you need to first decide what space you have available, and if it will get any direct sun light. window boxes and small pots work well for people living in apartments. lots of apartment complexes will allow you to build small window boxes and hang them from the window ledge. this is great for root vegetables, and smaller plants like peppers or lettuce. if you have a deck or patio, you can use planter boxes. Old wine barrel halves, or regular large flower pots work well. In these you can grow larger plants like bush beans, cucumbers, zucchini, and tomatoes. Tomatoes can even be grown in special hanging baskets that can be hung from upper balcony railings, or wall hooks. you can get most of these plants as starts from your local garden center or farm store. they can set you up with all the soil you will need to grow them in as well.
We are pleased to announce a new call for more design team members for DownUnder Direct Wholesale. While we have a fantastic team already, we would like to extend this invitation.
As you can see, I am continuing my celebration of simplicity. The inspiration to go back to Tish Boyle came about when one of the readers here tried out the Luxe Pound Cake recently and was raving about how good it was. I had baked it once and eaten it once. I remember I did a little dance when I took my first test bite.... the rest was a distant memory among the many recipes I had played with last year.... Going back to Tish Boyle's The Cake Book, I contemplated among a few different pound cake recipe. In the end, I decided to go with the most basic and the aptly named, Plainly Perfect Pound Cake. No one can have one too many basic pound cake recipe. A good pound cake is like the Vanilla ice cream of the butter cake world. Rich and buttery, this can become the basis of more lavish and tasty embellishments that take the partaking of it to new levels of savouring joy.
This image totally sums up our friendship. We were in Gatlinburg TN on a family vacation. We had finished playing around on the tennis court and were hanging out and looking at the mountains. I simply have no excuse or explanation for the outfit, especially the socks.
She came back to the phone. My heart was pounding so loud I was sure she could hear it.
* I got a new computer set-up at my job this week, and it came with two giant flat-screen monitors and a bunch of high-tech-looking hardware. My desk now looks like the bridge of the Star Trek Enterprise. The second monitor is incredibly handy, allowing me to keep my boss’s calendar open for constant monitoring while I open other applications on the other one. I was thinking, though, that maybe I should open my favorite blogs on one monitor, so that I can read a few lines at a time in between various emergencies that I seem to be constantly dealing with on the other screen. Hmmmm. Food for thought.
But Professor, what's the problem with good beer being conditioned in tank, provided it's getting an appropriate period of maturation on its own yeast? Surely this is the key thing? And if tank conditioning makes this easier, why not?
The whole "Free Tibet" thing was well meant, I think. Ultimately, what can musicians do to convince the Chinese government to return Tibet to the state in which they found it? Nothing, that's what. And they seemed a bit pretentious about it. You know, "I'm a rock star and I can use my fame to change the world!" I think he would have been insufferable to be around at times. A bit self-righteous.
Gregory: Bill Clinton said Obama should
Carrying the magic word, the mystic fire,
Once they pick up their basket, they go find that assigned number on the floor. I wrote out the numbers on name tags and just stuck them on the floor. This was a management thing to make sure they would not sit too close to another group.
A march over the Williamsburg Bridge (ending up at Wall Street) has kicked off from Brooklyn's Continental Army Plaza. (Picture)
One January, in 2010, I was looking at some writers’ websites, surfing and browsing, and letting the double-click take me where it willed. I had become a little more au fait with the internet and even gone as far as setting up a Facebook and Twitter account, which I had yet to do much with, when I stumbled by pure chance on something called the Scattered Authors’ Society, the SAS. It took me a while to find out what it was. Every time I put SAS into the search engine, you can guess what came up. I knew it wasn’t any of the offerings Google presented me with but a very different elite, crack group. I persevered. I found their entry on page five of my Google search.
At first Family Radio played repeats of old Open Forum shows at the regular time. But on June 23 the Associated Press reported that Family Radio had announced that the show would be replaced with new programming at the end of June. Harold had survived the stroke, and was at the time in a “skilled nursing facility” receiving rehabilitation. But he was evidently not expected to be able to return to his microphone.
I am not aware of the context, but now as my eye moves round The Last Judgment taking in Jesus’ return in glory, the angel with the Trumpet, the blessed, I think of Kandinsky and early Joan Miro with separate subjects in one painting, in relationship but no longer in one perspective.
There is this huge God with massive love for you.
HYDRAFULL GLOSS in Plastic and Heiress
He was trying to encourage less damaging pleasures.
Dress of the World by illustrator and set designer Echo Morgan was a washi-paper dress sculpture which takes the shape of Kensington Palace's infamous 17th century Rockingham mantua. This dress sculpture was covered in tiny drawings and set on top of a wire frame with baby carriage wheels. This room also included a curiosity cabinet filled with whimsical artwork.
Saturday was Elizângela and Róges´ wedding! The wedding was held on the same day as the ward´s Festa Junina party so there were sooo many people and so much food. Festa Junina is a Brazilian holiday in the end of June that is probably quickly becoming one of my favorite of all holidays. Everyone dresses up "caipira" (redneck) and drinks quentão, a hot spicy drink made from grape juice and cinnamon and cloves, and eats popcorn, corn bread, peanut brittle and other amazing winter foods. Oh, and the best part...there is always a HUGE bonfire that is built to burn through the entire night. It´s wonderful and a perfect holiday for the cold weather :) I think that this holiday originated from the Catholic church as a day to honor São João (João Batista)...Erialdo told me that Mary´s cousin Elisabeth lit a bonfire to announce to her whole family the birth of her son, John. All I know is that I liked it a lot and it made the wedding party super fun :)
The main point about your main character is they must be someone we like reading about. Your main character will need depth, they can not only exist in reaction to one situation. One way of building your character to a fully formed personality is to fill in a checklist.
Even Planned Parenthood has had to drop the denials of Sanger’s commitment to eugenics and now urges us all instead to avoid judging those of another historical era. After all, as Hillary Clinton basically said in 2009, Thomas Jefferson owned slaves, and he still did some pretty nifty things. Take what you like and leave the rest, that’s the new approach to Sanger.
The letter says the local private rental sector is beginning to "overheat" because of the "onset of the Olympic Games and the buoyant young professionals market".
Ashi didn’t talk again.. Zen didn’t dare to ask about his father because he accepted the possibility that he might be dead or, at least, would never come back. But ever since the day Ashi asked the Captain’s favor to search for his missing parents, he was always eager to ask Kor if there’s an information about them. He was never losing hope.
Without giving too much away, Jon Hewitt’s ‘X’ is a thriller set in the world of prostitution in Sydney’s red-light district, Kings Cross. The story takes place over the course of one night and follows two sex workers, Shay and Holly, one attempting to leave the sex industry as the other is entering it. Their paths cross for one job, and in an instant both their lives are changed forever.
Do please examine which areas look like good positions for forming the kinds of communities you are interested in creating and see which ideas have legs. Where in the world do you believe you can survive, thrive, or generate the best ideas?
3. Eat
I am checking out early for the week--trying to take advantage of
I printed out the 6 pages or so of instructions and pictures and read and re-read them. I studied the pictures, and read the descriptions of the smells, and the way the bubbles looked. I was ready. So, in my stint of hanging out in the kitchen during The Saga of the Laminite Flooring, Part 3, I began. I chopped up the butter and put it on the stove, with my instructions sitting right beside me. As the butter melted, I prepared my strainer and cheese cloth. I watched a 4 minute video on You Tube on how to make ghee. (dang lady talked about food allergies more than she talked about how to make ghee. Oh - and she said she used ghee as a moisturizer, which I found really odd, and way TMI in a 4 minute cooking video ). Just as the butter began to froth a little, I was called on to help on the flooring project, so I had to turn everything off, and go do that for a little while. When I came back, I turned everything on again, and got back to the same point. I referred to the recipe often, but I did one thing that was in the video and not in my printed recipe -- I skimmed the froth off the butter. Meticulously.
Added to the theatre of war and its hazards of recruitment, press ganging, siege and disruption could potentially affect anyone at some point in their life. There was so much rampant crime that this era has given us the horrific images of prison hulks and the brutal experiments in penal colonies like Australia. The uncertainty of when you might be robbed or attacked extended beyond cities to the roads prowled by Highwaymen, and the seas which, at the beginning of the Eighteenth century, played host to the great age of piracy.
and leave my share to my brother."
The third story is a deviation from these other two, with the fixer doing the exact task he has been assigned, without distraction, giving orders which the other characters follow. The pleasure in the other sequences lay in the period waiting for the characters to perform their tasks, an anticipation entirely absent here.
And these 'Laws to Remember' are hilarious, enjoy!
Hello, my sweeteas!
The Cherokee believe when a person dies, their soul is reborn. Life is repeated. An endless cycle of lessons to be learned, love to be found, destiny to be fulfilled. For the past six months, in every flower, every bird, I’ve imagined my parents, relieved of their human forms.
J and I sat down the other day and, as I was curious, we worked out the complete cost of our wedding.
My teeth and piss are green from coffee.
May each one of us follow that example!
i do not publish viewer names unless asked,and i do not keep any emails after the picture or links are posted .....
Lil' Miss is so easy it's ridiculous. I find myself holding my breath, waiting for her to wake up one day and be high maintenance like her brothers. I'm sure if it doesn't hit soon, it'll hit at puberty, haha.
Henry is coloured with copics.
Defining the Death,
@dkingpin Tomasz in the month of December,
Never once, no, we never walk alone
The town remains unnamed throughout this novel and that of course is the point. It could one of many towns in the north of England, the kind of place where old industrial buildings aren't turned into fancy flats but are left to fall into ruin. In this town we meet three teenagers, all on that frightening cusp of early adulthood; the period of exam cramming, raging hormones and dangerous experimenting with the world of the adult. Russell Crackle lives with his mother who suffers from depression, his father no longer living with them. As well as a curious surname Russell is saddled with another disadvantage amongst his bullying and brutish peers: intelligence. There is one glimmer of hope in the form of his cousin who lives in Leeds and where Russell might be able to realise his potential if only he can slip the bonds at home. His sections are addressed to a friend of his who commited suicide although we sense that Russell has always struggled to make real friendships with those around him and his sense of alienation is palpable when he considers their drug-taking, drinking and sexual exploits, 'When did enough stop being enough?'
We’ve also asked whether you’ve already been offered a job or a place on a further postgrad study course. This means that for those of you in your final year, we can see if there’s any correlation between doing stuff in the early years of a degree and later career success, or whether you can leave it all until the year before you graduate **.
‘thinking about a job?’
The act of copying/transferring text from one part of a computer-based document (“buffer”) to a different location within the same or different computer-based document was a part of the earliest on-line computer editors. As soon as computer data entry moved from punch-cards to online files (in the mid/late 1960s) there were “commands” for accomplishing this operation. This mechanism was often used to transfer frequently-used commands or text snippets from additional buffers into the document, as was the case with the QED editor.
Gunners Syndicate
Michal had to buy Haley’s dinner at a corner store which was watched over by a portly Pakistani man with a hammer protruding from his tracksuit pocket. The packet of pasta was caked in dust and it cost three times as much as it did at LetsGo. Haley was already turning up her nose at it.
They commenced torturing me again with 3- 6- or 9 strokes of the fan belt every day from about July 11 or 12th..to 14 October 1969. I continued to refuse to lie about my roommates again.
I’m pretty impressed that it worked out so well. I really wanted it to work, and it does! Also, I’m pretty tired. It’s mentally draining -but in a good way- to figure something like this out!
Dear Mike Warren,
Former NFL player Junior Seau was found dead in his home in Oceanside, CA from an apparent suicide, TMZ reports. The 43-year-old football legend allegedly shot himself.
I also find that I often use this platform as a method of giving thanks, usually for great friends helping me out in various ways.
If Nancy released a piece of information that should not be released, a kidnapper could choose to kill a child and then escape and the blood of that child would be on Nancy’s hands.
I’ve also lost friends to suicide , both of which were heavy drug abusers, its stories like these that make you sit up and think that could have been me.
This romance ebook video synopsis post, is presented by Laura Meets Jeffrey, a soon to be released romance ebook featuring the romance exploits of Laura and Jeffrey during the early ’1980s. romance ebook l adult ebook . The new romantic ebook is told from both Laura and Jeffrey. Great romance literary work!
Isn't nice when you can get more bang for your buck but combining 2 stamp sets together to create a whole new card?!!!
I like Christmas music. I honestly, actually, truthfully do. I don't mind at all when a couple of the local stations fire up ye olde carols in the middle of November and don't stop until Christmas evening. I'm fine with it.
Thanks for looking :-) I appreciate your commenst so please leave me one :-) The DT and our lovely GD's have all made fabulous creations for you to see so hop on over to the PTW to see them :-)
cometh. Don’t you misbehave or it’s the ironing cord for you. Thwack. Thwack.
This will be the second international experience for Fleischmann. Over the 2012 winter term, he traveled to Costa Rica to conduct research at the Cloudbridge Nature Reserve with WKU Biology Professor Keith Philips, as well as another Gatton Academy student and a Gatton Academy alumnus to investigate the Gunnera-Nostoc Symbiosis. Students identified populations of Gunnera on the reserve, harvested samples and dissected portions to determine if bacterial symbionts were present. He has also been involved with research under the direction of Dr. Ouida Meier of the Department of Biology investigating local wastewater as a source for cave and karst and groundwater pollution.
The above 18 items involve incorrect statements of fact, not peculiar opinions. Again, I ask:
(click for larger version)Another way the wealthiest Americans have rigged the rules so more of the national income flows upward may be just as consequential, but less well understood. A 30-year campaign to push America’s courts sharply to the right has borne abundant fruit for those in the top 1 percent.
Yesterday, I had the chance to hear his Holiness, the 14th Dalai Lama, speak. I went to see him with my mom and my sister. I’m glad we went together. Something this special needs to be shared with special people.
The top card is a real hit with my son who loves wearing bright colourful shirts, when he saw it sitting on the desk ready to be photographed, he said that the pattern and colours would look fabulous made up into a shirt!! He loves the Flower Power look LOL!
Today was the College Careers Convention and it was very pleasing to see a whole sports hall filled with exhibitors, and even more pleasing to see students queuing up outside the door to get in.
I got to about 237 without mishap, then THWAP! steel hammer, finger. I'd been doing that tough, manly, two strike routine, none of that girly tap-tap-tapping.. a tap to set the tip into the wood, a thwack! to drive it all the way home.
While the rest of Austin was in the throws of South by Southwest, I had the pleasure experiencing America’s health care in action instead. Insanely, I caught pneumonia and ended up in the hospital for a couple (six) days. I’m well on my way to better thanks to some powerful antibiotics, but here’s what I learned during my sick-vacation:
benefits of each:
On Monday, the administration launched a national campaign warning people how dangerous it is to work outside in hot weather.
I always feel sad and guilty.
I miss her love.
At least Chicago got eliminated last night.
“Your wish is my command, Mattie Dear.”
I know, I know, the mean girl story is totally played out. And even though I'm like that little kid with a blankie refusing to throw it out even though it's worn and old and totally disgusting and, really, at this point no longer looks even remotely blanket-shaped and is pretty much a tiny knotted ball of string (which is to say, I don't like letting things go), even *I'm* kind of tired of the mean girl plot.
Many of the dreams we have alter course as we grow older and our needs change. Gary and I had dreams of living abroad, initially we wanted to live in Greece. When the time came we discovered Greece wasn't practical at that time with the ages of our children and so we decided to move to the South of France instead. (It's probably just as well with the situation in Greece at the moment). Now we have dreams of maybe retiring there....
I love a beautiful, tidy schedule! I love those neat homeschooling plans with each student in his proper place! (I really mean that; this is not sarcasm. I had tons of nifty neat-o forms for my Daytimer when I was working.) Alas, God knows I love those things and tend to make them idols from which I derive my self-image, so He has thoughtfully blessed me with a family and circumstances that make such plans impossible to live by. The more I have struggled to make them work for me, the more complications He has heaped upon me.
Preparation time before cooking is about 15 minutes.
For the main focus of the card I used MCT Stitched Scallop and Circle dies and used Emma's new release All Around Everything stamp set, Congrats Graduate!
n dig
So the “point” of all these signs and flyers and websites and videos on Youtube seems to be just … announcements. Something akin to … “The plane is taking off on Saturday. If you already have a ticket, you’ll be on it. If you don’t … tough luck. No more tickets will be going on sale.” Nyah, Nyah, Nyah. You’ll be destined to fry forever while they fly off to Paradise. An attitude shown by the Campingite in the Doonesbury cartoon strip this week:
Turkey, which shares a 910-kilometre (560 mile) border with Syria, has broken its former alliance with Damascus and called on Assad to step down, while remaining opposed to outside intervention.
9. In 1998, France became world champions by beating which country’s team in the soccer World Cup at the Stade de France?
Two years ago a family sent me an email about there house pig Lenny who was getting cranky with the grand kids and was no longer wanted. I always ask for pictures of a pig being given up, both to use to find them a home with and to see the pigs overall condition . This pig was only two years old and a time in a pigs life where he is coming of age into maturity , one that we all associate with kids and the terrible two's. It is the same of pigs, at two for many of them they want to be boss now. Also add being over weight, and his vision getting worse and worse as the fat closes over his eyes. It would be enough to make me cranky.
“Guaranteed UL continues to be a substantial part of industry UL sales,” Ramsey said. “LIMRA reports the amount of NLG sales was almost 50 percent of total UL sales in the first quarter of 2011. For Prudential, the percentage was even higher. We believe the presence of a death benefit guarantee is critical to the appeal of UL products.”
The kind of success that we need, that we ought to be concentrating on, cultivating, and encouraging from our kids, is the kind that brings us joy and satisfaction. It's success that we need to work hard for, but the work makes us feel strong and smart and a little bit giddy. Chances are good that this kind of success brings the people around us joy and satisfaction, too; but how much, and whether they pay/thank/praise us for it, is none of our business.
Thank goodness for someone that actually uses a nice camera and knows a lot about it to take pictures of your weekend! Here are some additions that shows just how relaxing our weekend was:
The following ATC's was made for a Reverse Swap on Papercrafters Inc
Just to say something to a few of you that mean the world to me...
There are camps geared to children with specific health concerns, and if the staff is trained to handle any health emergency, the parents should feel confident in making arrangements for the child to attend.
Weight Loss: 1lb
The other part of my PSP was commiting to using my reusable coffee mugs. I struggled with this one at first too, but I soon figured out ways to avoid forgetting my mug as much as possible. At first I really though I wouldn’t be able to get my roommates to join in on this one since these reusable mugs get kinda spendy. However, as I have been purchasing the mugs my roommates have been taking advantage of the supply of them in the cuboards. They weren’t initially doing it to be environmentally sustainable, they were trying to be financially sustainable. An average coffee costs about $3 and that starts to add up with the amount of coffee we all drink. My roommates want to save money so they actually like making coffee at home and taking it with them. I suplied the mugs and the sustainability spread through our apartment. I think that it is totally worth the cost of the four travle mugs I have bought this last month to have incouraged them to reduce even more. I also showed my roommates the Sustainability is Sexy website and they loved it! They were floored by the statistics it gives and loved the merchandise. They will be purchasing mugs and maybe even shirts now, thanks to me!
Early in the week, Embudito Canyon turned up a couple of birds that have shown up recently, including a Rufous-crowned Sparrow
Confident of a power in the book, he was saying that he did not want to finish it because he could not give up the joy and luck that it produced for him.
curried mint pea soup with pea shoots & flowering chives
(Hmm.
I didn't have any stamps that would suit the theme so I have used one of the Fab diecut squares instead.
In his three years as U.S. president, Barack Obama has been dogged by claims he is not patriotic enough.
Well here are a few of my layouts that I did over the weekend, not photographed all that well but I guess you get the idea.
My gorgeous ATC uses a very cute image from Heather which I have coloured with Copic Markers and fussy cut. I couldn't resist adding the little "Tweet" word!!
Their front yard was torn up after replacing a sewer line, so instead of replacing the dirt with grass, one Oak Park woman put in a vegetable garden and now the city is seeing green.
In 2001, still delusional about her disastrous performance as Mayor of Wasilla, Sarah Palin decided she would make a good Lt. Governor. Considering she managed to botch up everything she touched as Mayor, she figured she would not only need someone to bankroll her campaign, but some serious clout behind her as well. So she set off to the house of the most crooked influential person she knew, VECO CEO Bill Allen to sip some wine and talk about her future. Shortly thereafter money came pouring into her campaign at $500 a pop over a 2 day period, from Bill Allen, his executives and their spouses. Bill Allen has admitted the company steers its donations through a "special bonus program" in which executives received money and the company instructed them to donate it to favored politicians. Their contributions totaled $4,500 which represented 10% of all the money raised for her campaign.
Eggs. A symbol of rebirth and, judging by negative publicity in past years, a symbol of death?
China is building, everywhere. Yet until now we have hardly posted pictures of this. Our photos are, to some extent, lies. Wish fulfillment. (Fear, idealization, ‘love,’ big narratives, as above.)
They don’t change simply because of the power of love, but because they are both have such fierce tempers, such stubborn determination that they have to find a way to compromise. They have such vastly different lives and to combine them, both parties have to understand each other.
“Authorities claim that the alleged victims received £1-2 to be tested with what they thought was a conventional flu vaccine but, according to investigators, was actually an anti bird-flu drug. The director of a Grudziadz homeless centre, Mieczyslaw Waclawski, told a Polish newspaper that last year, 21 people from his centre died, a figure well above the average of about eight.”
And noticed a guy starting to shave.
How do I know
“We write because we believe the human spirit cannot be tamed and should not be trained.”–Nikki Giovanni
(For those of you who don't like reading about cats or vomit, skip this paragraph). I have to shed my mantle of "cast iron stomach queen." (And did you know they gave those out?) As many times as I have changed dirty diapers mid-meal or cleaned up kid vomit before washing my hands and eating breakfast, I thought I was immune from the dry heaves. However, I learned on Thursday morning that cat puke is my bete noire. One of the cats--I'm not sure which--left several (like seven) puddles of vomit throughout the house overnight, and then deposited a large mound of - something - on the bathroom floor. Also part of a rubber glove. I was able to wipe up most of the vomit, but found myself retching and coughing and dry heaving when I tried to approach the - mound. Eventually I was able to cover it with a paper towel so that Pod could deal with it on his waking, but even getting that close to it, or subsequently even looking at the paper towel on the floor, caused me to start dry heaving again. Who knew?
Apparently, it’s a bank holiday.
I think, more true than funny.
Article 6. For any new application involving what are provided above in Articles 1, 2 and 3 and the Request for Patent Assessment Report, the Request for Confidentiality Examination for Filing a Patent Application in a Foreign Country and the Registration form for Disclosure of Sources of Genetic Resources, the applicant shall deliver or send the said directly to the Patent Service Division of the SIPO in papers, and the electronic application systems of the various patent service divisions and that under the SIPO are temporarily unavailable for receiving the foregoing applications and patent documents.
However, I have completed many books. I know its a shock. To be honest some books I completed in studies, but there have been a few that I have read on my own. I thought I would share my top 5 non fiction study books that have challenged me, inspired me and encouraged me in my walk.
over the last 18 years
“Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost.”
Heats were going off about every 20 minutes, so we just hopped in the next one. We had to climb a wall just to get into the starting zone, which got us in the obstacle mentality. After some rants, cheers, and the National Anthem, we recited the Tough Mudder creed:
"Waiting On" Wednesday is a weekly event, hosted at Breaking the Spine, that spotlights upcoming releases that we're eagerly anticipating.
Anywhich, onto the reason you're really here...to read about my WIPs. The current story-in-progress, "Mr. Brass and the City of Devils", is nearabouts finished. It pits the infamous American Automaton against the Cult of the Starry Wisdom and the Fungi from Yuggoth in the Nameless City. Because why not?
It was first brought over to the British Isles in 1526 by Yorkshirman William Strickland who acquired six birds from American Indian traders on his travels and sold them for a tuppence each in Bristol.
You’ve had a number of roles in different TV series and films – who has been your favourite actor to work with so far and which project has been your favourite to work on?
Neither the Palestinian Authority, nor Hamas wants peace, nor does Hezbollah, an Iranian proxy group based in Lebanon. Not all the handshakes, Oslo Accords, and other diplomatic dances will change this.
The reason I only used CK-03 is that I had some problems with CK-04. Almost all patterns I tried didn't transfer to the stamper well or at all. I think this plate I got isn't well engraved, because I saw a review of this plate where all patterns transferred really great.
stunning editorial from russh july/august 09.
In addition to doing the Chestnut Top & Scott Mountain trails I wanted to finish off the Schoolhouse Gap trail. Jesse and I had done part of this trail on a previous trip (from Turkeypen Ridge trail to Laurel Creek Road), but I was missing a 1.1 mile section. Shane suggested that instead of just walking down the trail and then back up that we take an old trail (not on the current map) from Schoolhouse Gap down into White Oak Sinks and get onto the Schoolhouse Gap trail from there. I'd heard of, but never been to, White Oak Sinks before and it sounded like a great plan to me. (I could go on for a while here explaining the geology that resulted in this unique formation, but I'll spare you the details - basically, it's a big hole in the floor of the Smokies where the limestone base layer has been exposed and is full of caves)
First, I am working on a Christmas CD. It will be mainly original songs that I've written about Christmas, and a few "standards." I know that no one on earth -- well, maybe my mom -- is dying to hear Ross King versions of holiday classics, so I won't fill the CD with too much of that. But I do have several new songs that I want to share, and I have some ideas for how to produce/arrange some of the familiar stuff as well.
P.S. There are some serious clues about Pop excellence abounding in this era of recording. Listen to not just the warmth of the bass guitar, but the depth, clarity, tempo & agility of the pace setting of the bass playing. Another clue is the depth of fidelity on an instrument like the cuica. You really have to know how to record to get all of these non electric instruments to sound good. Such is the genius of RCA Victor!
There is only one time when it is essential to wake up, to be at peace with ourselves and the world which nurtures us, the Buddhas led us to think.
That means the rest of the EU may be in trouble and you can then extrapolate that out to the rest of the world! Take a look at the yield levels today and those from a year ago and draw your own conclusions (click charts to make bigger):
I've been wanting to get Delia some Disney movies...not the new ones, but the classics, like Aladdin, Snow White, etc. I figured I'd go out to Best Buy and pick up a few. Well, I learned a few things on my trip. 1.) You can't just buy Disney movies. They go in a vault and only come out periodically, usually one at a time. 2.) Disney movies are outrageously expensive. $39.99 for The Lion King? Seriously!?!? Oh, but it's okay because it comes with a Blu-Ray and DVD....because that's just what I need-2 copies of the same movie. Nevertheless, we came home with Simba and Nala in tow. D even got to have a picnic on her Disney princess sleeping bag while she watched.
I dashed across to the other hazel and sure enough there were a few catkins on that one too. 'She's getting rather over excited about a few hazel catkins' I can hear you all saying and it's true that there are many country hedgerows to be seen with hazel trees covered in catkins at the moment. These are rather special ones though because.....
If I were to go back 10 years, Karen and athlete would not be in the same sentence. If I could go back just 1 year from today, I definitely would have never called myself a runner. I have been an aerobic, kickboxing, weightlifting, and walking enthusiast. That is how I transformed myself from unhealthy heavy sadness to a fit, confident woman.
After doing some laundry and getting ready for the day, I picked Londyn up from Gma & Gpa's. My dad has been planning to take my mom to the coast as a birthday present and even though they were hesitant with everything going on, I was so relieved when they decided to still go. They have been here for us round the clock for the past 3 weeks and they deserve a little breather. Besides, I'm excited to have Lulu with us all weekend.
SO WHY IN THE HELL DO YOU DO SO NOW? HERE IN THIS BLACK AFRICAN DRUG-LORD-INFESTED GANGSTERS' PARADISE? ARE YOU CRAZY? DO YOU REALLY BELIEVE THAT WE ARE STILL RULED BY Dr. HENDRIK VERWOERD AND THAT SOME MAD LUNATIC WOULD LEAD YOU TO YOUR PROMISED HOLY-LAND, WHILE YOU'RE BEING MURDERED LIKE FLIES?
Add a wrap or shrug in a complementary tone for warmth.
In short, for a pricetag of nearly 20 times what it would have cost the County Attorney to do it both legally and in-house, El Paso juvenile court Judge Alfredo Chavez convinced the school district to contract with a private company to "bluff" truancy enforcement -- a tactic that worked only until students and their parents figured out that the private "referees" had no authority to carry out their threats (which included dropping students from school rolls and even ordering youth to Mexico). This multi-million dollar contract went to men now under indictment on El Paso bribery charges related to a second judge on the county juvenile board. Now, everyone is under investigation.
Hibito’s brother arrived in Houston now. For some reason, I always enjoy episodes where the characters are in the US. Maybe because they always put some “typically” American things in it for me to look at. Being half American, I’ve also seen the differences between America and the European countries I’ve lived in a lot. One of those typical things is actually Hibito’s house.
About Georg Friedrich Haas’ “In iij. Noct.”
This is the #1 mistake. Permanent hair color is way too harsh and covers too well. It is called gray blending not gray disappearing!
This inspired me to write this aricle, as if it caused the attack dogs of Nick Griffin so much distress then this episode is surely worth dwelling on for a bit longer.
Don't forget to join us on September 18th for our monthly blog hop!! You do NOT want to miss what the design team has for you this month.
“No. That would be me,” I informed him.
7 And thou shalt smite the house of Ahab thy master, that I may avenge the blood of my servants the prophets, and the blood of all the servants of the LORD, at the hand of Jezebel.
So, I didn't really get to introduce or reteach in the standard way. However, we did come up with a STAAR reminder chart.
Have a joyful Thursday and..........
So there I was, out for a walk with my beautiful daughter on a lovely sunny day, and all wrapped up in uneasiness about my 'square peg, round hole' self-image. I felt discombobulated. On a day such as this, being divided about myself should have never occurred. In my mind's eye, I saw the transformation from human to sheep in progress. I sighed.
Today I'm sore all over. My head is okay, but I have two or three fingers that are sore and aching. My shoulder was wrenched. It's not damaged but just sore. My left knee is sore. My right hip is sore.
Learning about squid over the past couple of days, through crafts, play and easy readers, has been sufficient for my younger children (ages 5-9), but the older children (ages 11-14) clearly needed a more substantial type of lesson.
I’ve already ordered and received 17 items (seriously!) from Sneakpeeq, all for little to no money out of my pocket… And I love them all. I choose to store my freebies and purchases away to give as Christmas presents this year. Very excited to give such great gifts that cost me little to nothing.
The auditor-general found that between 2005 and 2007 government officials in eight of the nine provinces cashed in on tenders worth R540-million. KwaZulu-Natal is still being audited.
Other than going to church (where I will be involved in a different perspective of material), until I leave for class Monday morning; if you need me, Here I Am.
Here are a couple and I look forward to doing some more real soon, perhaps even a challenge could be on the agenda;)
I plan on documenting the places we visited, ate and strolled soon. I would love it if it could help some future travelers to Kamakura.
'I want to know how this man came to be in the country. Is he a British citizen? Is he an asylum seeker who has been given leave to stay in the UK? Or is he a failed asylum seeker?
Seriously, can we get any more Orwellian in this state?
Keep the spark alive throughout your engagement and your marriage by doing little things for each other. You don't have to spend a lot or any money. Leave a post-it on the bathroom mirror or front door that reads "I love you" or surprise him with reservations to his favorite restaurant even thought you hate it.
Yep! You guess it! I'm at the "happiest place on earth". Which has me wondering how on the trip here I managed to sprout horns, spew pea soup and turn my neck around 360°. Well, at least I'm dressed for the party.
So Molly gestated and kicked and hiccuped for 9 months, and finally it was time to see what we'd made. My doctor won the VBAC battle, and I was scheduled to be induced at 8:00 a.m. on December 1st, 1995. Leaving 1 1/2 year old Charlie in the capable hands of my former mother-in-law, Big Daddy and I set out for the hospital.
Since my good friend Leslie was visiting she watched Rylee while I had for yet another hospital visit. I officially hate the inside of a hospital. By the time we got to the hospital her temperature had risen to 105. In the time span of two hours she went from a baby that was playing and laughing to a baby that couldn't do much but flash a little grin here and there.
Meaning: God is gracious
I went shopping this weekend and hit all my favourite consignment stores, so there will a parade of new-to-me items all week. Today: this gorgeous skirt, these fab shoes and one of the necklaces.
You may have heard that losing weight is as easy as eating less and exercising more. Well it’s true, taking in fewer calories than you use each day is the simplest way to lose weight.
Proper Intent-based Sharing!
Arthur’s attorneys on Thursday had sought a stay while the state asks the entire 11th Circuit to reconsider the court’s decision.
Some people think that the real Rod Stewart had disappeared by 1980; others say it was in the 1990s, and some long-time fans were even waiting until 2000 or so for his return before giving up. I have proof; it is now undeniable that Rod perished somewhere in Oprah Winfrey Land in 2009. His fatal illness began several years ago when his “Great American Songbook” box-set was one of the worst releases in 2005, and his latest studio release, “Soulbook,” has now confirmed his demise. How did one of the greatest vocalists of our generation turn into a two-bit karaoke stylist that has his heroes like Sam Cooke and Otis Redding turning in their graves?
This is a place to post thoughts, book reviews, and useful bits of code.
Valentine’s Day is officially a week away, but not all of us are excited ’cause we don’t have a man to go out with. That doesn’t mean you shouldn’t stay home and sulk though. So for all the single ladies out there, we got some ideas for how you should spend the night!!
Here are this week's Gus Rankings. Not a surprise: LSU leading the pack at 6 points. Definitely a surprise: South Florida right there with LSU at 6 points as well!
“Would you just fuck off and die already”
Generous inside and out,
- A whole lot of dust
In the homeschooling world, when new curriculum arrives in the mail, it is known as box day! It is at this time that the homeschooling parent and child get to sift through all of the new materials.
Vietnam didn’t have a functional stock market until 2000, which presents uncertainty all its own. Still the Market Vectors Vietnam Index was created in mid-October, 2008… less than 1 year ago.
1034 ***D-XI/19(B)/1988. “Abraham Lincoln’s Conservative Legacy.” Illinois Political Science Association Meeting, Springfield, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-10, above, pp. 251-56, 353-54 (1999).)
Would the talkers be talking? would the singer attempt to sing?
She was only half right when she made this claim. Whilst they “do not suffer less because they have no words” they can tell us how they feel. Clare has read that cats are capable of making 100 vocal sounds which they tend to reserve for communication with their owners. And we can certainly testify to the validity of this assertion. In the relatively short space of time that Jemima has been with us we have heard her make a wide variety of sounds and there is a pattern to them. We have so far learnt the sounds for:
There’s no need to stop there, either. Does anyone seriously imagine that the inevitable decision to strip France of its CAP scam is going to produce any less than blocked autoroutes and a succession of strikes? Of all the EU member States, France is the one that has been living furthest beyond its means, and the culture quickest to turn truculent if its aims are frustrated.
of your own.
As soon as I get a chance I will bring some seeds up here to plant and try to get some more cover so there is less chance of erosion. In the meantime I have about another 75 feet of ditch to clear out.
To get to Katmai National Park, you need a float plane (or a boat and lots of time and seasickness medication). Now, I am not overly fond of small planes that have a habit of tipping over when they land on water, entombing you and dooming you to a cold and watery grave, but then I am even less of a fan of hours and hours of stomach churning sea faring, so we opted for the plane. The flight was flawless and we landed without a single hitch - that is until we noticed that our luggage, which was on a slightly later flight, seemed to be taking a very, very long time to arrive.
Then I went off to college here, and then to West Germany, came back in ’85, and bought my first (used) TV set in April ’86, while I was in grad school. At some point during the late 1980s I saw my first John Stossel special on ABC. These were news department documentaries, but they were different than anything anyone else on TV was doing.
Match the client with the right policy. While many people could benefit from life insurance, there are specific categories of clients that provide clear opportunities.
Jaycee Carroll G 6’1″ 187 Utah State
Part of what makes it work is the summery atmosphere and the glorious south Wales countryside. This is a pastoral adventure with love in the air. This together with the 50s setting, I am slighted reminded of the comedy drama, The Darling Buds of May.
As a person who thinks, at least half of the time, we need more government not less, this imposition is a horror show. Even given the kindest spin, someone is inspecting home lunches and making her own determination about what children should eat. Would I feed my son that lunch? Probably not. But that mom’s right to feed her daughter that particular lunch should be protected.
These desserts can be as simple or complex as you would like them to be. The important aspect of them is they have layered flavors. How many layers? How many flavors? Well, that is up to the creator. The ones I am sharing with you are somewhat simple in flavor combinations but never simple in makeup and assembly!
Hello everyone - long time no talk! It's time for some crafting, during the March crafting madness month! The Designer Crafts Connection Blog hop is all about March Craft Month - so there are some awesome things to check out...and some giveaways too! Please be sure to click through everyone to find your pot of gold!
Margie passed away when Jillian was 11, but her dad and her step-dad (both musicians) were mentors to her too. She attended a performing arts high school in West Hollywood, where she received further training as a musical theatre geek, (but hated the competition), before bumming around for a few years. She recorded an album of her songs with her group Rainy Day Assembly, which she dedicated to Hoo Shee. (The cover shows a photo of Margie as Jillian knew her – the former glamorous beauty in a California backyard, hanging the wash on the line). The CD is called “Someone Else’s Story”.
and he shows you where to hit;
The Town That Santa Forgot ... Boomerang ... 7:30 AM
As we discussed, there are small shifts and large shifts. This activity applies to both: it’s an easy activity that allows for creativity (subtle shift) but may lead to you designing your own problems and questions for students (big shift).
i am waiting for a random call from his school (desperately hoping it will be them and not protective services or something) because what kind of kid references his privates 700 times a day?!?!
April 30th 2012
Happy New Year My Create Friends!
So tell us which laundry crimes you’ve committed.
Now that we don’t need to just survive and keep the species on the planet we can choose mates based on emotions and less on physical traits.
Now in high school, she is determined to be as unladylike as possible so that her friends won’t be jealous of her. While living her life this way contentedly, she meets Tanaka-kun again, but he now goes under the name of Mabuchi Kou. He tells her that he felt the same way as she did when they were younger, but now things can never be the same again. Will Futaba be able to continue her love that never even started from three years ago?” – My Anime List
“Where are you going?” she suddenly asked the driver. “Are you taking the Van Wyck Expressway?”
Just want asynchronous desire stacks
Please take a peek at the other "i heart macro" postings. I'm sure you'll enjoy what others have noticed during this past week....
But you should skip Hulk altogether. Ang lee is usually a great director, but he missed the mark badly here.
McGuire claimed he threw the candy because he was "sticking up for his friend," who apparently was the man suspected in the accident.
Oh E, Lee E, Im H, Kang H-S, Jung W-W, Won NH, Kim E-M, Sul D. Evaluation of immuno- and reproductive toxicities and association between immunotoxicological and genotoxicological parameters in waste incineration workers. Toxicology 2005; 210: 65-80.
Broadcast: 1st Jan - 22nd Jan 1977
This was an amazing festival and, unless you knew beforehand that it was their first time out, you wouldn’t have been able to tell. They did a fantastic job and I hope that maybe I can return someday! The hotel was a little too isolated, I suppose, but if I do get to go back, I'll know that ahead of time!
2. Walk off what you ate around the city. The town is full of steep terrain. We hiked up one aptly called "Gospel Hill." Could have also been called "Cardiac Arrest Hill."
Therefore, if there is a liquidation, and a newco emerges, the only way to avoid the problems of penalties passing on to the new body would be with a renunciation of oldco’s history.
I’ve remarked before that the DC Council seems better at making good policies than at providing the oversight and resources needed to make them work.
I posted this on Facebook a few weeks back. I got a good response even though it was a terrible photo. I could not find a card reader and had to crop it through whatever default photo editing software that happens to have come with my laptop. I cleaned up the painting a bit, re-shot and cropped it on hubby's computer. I think you can get the gist of it. I have another "woodland" landscape that I may post soon. The sun was glaring too much today.
The Downward Pull of Human Nature....AKA...When an Old Cricketer Leaves the Crease
Good ol' Google to the rescue. I did a quick search for priority pyramid that led me to Maslow's hierarchy of needs, a psychological theory that prioritizes a humans most basic needs. That was great to know and all, but how did that connect to my own life's priorities? The same principles applied. Build upon the foundation of what is most important and the rest will fall into place. It reminds me of scripture...
Girl then makes the decision to get rid of the car that we read about in the beginning of story.
50g caster sugar
The engagement had not previously been disclosed by the Scottish government.
The second report in HSBC’s annual Expat Explorer survey launched today! The report focuses on expats' experiences of setting up in a new country of residence, integrating into local society as well as their quality of life in comparison to where they used to live.
and don’t tell them it’s for a bike. Bikes are iffy. Tell ‘em you’re going to band camp or something. People always want to send kids away for a couple weeks.”
PETIT uses a Cymbalum, an Electric Psalterion, computer and synths to build up electronic layers, process acoustic and field recordings. To second the machines he likes to move various glasses, or percussive objects, and take advantage of vinyl material to fondle released sounds.
AWESOME!
Thrifty Tips: Designers are often required to do copywriting in their work. Most don’t love it. You are a writer. Offer to work with them on copywriting for either a discount or straight trade. This works more for freelance designers than companies however… Something to keep in mind.
Now, if you know these girls, you know that they have something in common.... baby bellies!!!! That's right! They are expecting! So when I worked on making Kelly's shower gift, I also made these girls mod podged vintage book page frames!
