6) Because of these experiences, the disciples were transformed from doubters who were afraid to identify themselves with Jesus to bold proclaimers of His death and Resurrection, even willing to die for this belief;
"A fairly simple audit can help significantly to address the problem... We will submit a list of the problematic numbers to the police commissioner, and ask that he ensures that the matter is resolved in time for the festive season."
Song, my song, raise grief to music
Q: How much would you say The Radleys is a) a reaction against the post-Buffy vampire mythology and b) has been influenced by British shows like Ultraviolet and Being Human?
I love to read. Until just recently, I, like so many others, preferred to read real paper books. I wanted books that were tangible. I wanted books in which I could indulge in wonderful tactile pages. I was very leary when my children bought me an electronic book for my birthday last January. It was foreign to me-all rigid and lifeless. I tried to be appreciative and ordered a book to be downloaded to my lime colored Kindle from Amazon e-books
I covered some of Tim's fragments with Ranger's metallic tape sheets and added the technique to them as well. The tag and the fragments were placed on slightly larger pieces of black cardstock so they'd show up better.
Time slots:
The brilliant splashes of bright red are a welcome distraction from the rather dry and parched landscape here in the foothills. When you look across the dry bushland from our front verandah, you can see just how these blooms stand out. Can you see those splashes of red in that neighbour's yard?
papertangrams.com- Print this heart-shaped tangram puzzle on white or colored cardstock or regular paper. Use markers or crayons to color the tangram, if desired, then cut out the tans (pieces) with scissors.
we celebrate both of our beautiful sons birthdays,
Wow - I've just seen how long it's actually been since I have posted on here :o
The next morning I ran my guys back to Qeynos across West Karana. Again, another odd experience, as the zone was almost all gray to my guys at 19, but I knew that there were still a couple of mobs out there I had to fear. I even found a couple that were still worth killing for experience.
“Throughout the course of the night, the inmate did not sleep,” Smith said.
And left him locked there till he mouldered.
Anybody who knows me (or has read older post in this blog's archives) knows my wife and I are originally from Texas. We moved here almost 3 years ago and finally had our first tasting in our Portland home last Saturday. We decided to have a Texas tasting after our friend Margaret Lut of Brewpublic and Ladies of Lagers and Ales (LOLA) fame spent a week in Texas for work. She brought back some beers from some of the newer breweries in the state and had mentioned the idea of having a Texas tasting. My wife Teresa, a fellow LOLA member, offered to have the tasting at our house. This gave us an opportunity to raid our cellar of some of our aged Texas beers we had amassed over years like several vintages of Real Ale Brewing Sisyphus Barley Wine and Saint Arnold's Brewing Divine series.
The only way out of this situation for these organisations was for them to develop a theory by which Russia could be described as not being a Workers State – even a deformed or degenerated Workers State. That was what they did, but in order to do so they had to ditch Marxist analysis, Marxist categories, and instead adopt the methods and analysis of bourgeois sociology, of subjectivism. In place of the Marxist method of Historical Materialism, which starts with the material base of society, with the relations of production, and the classes that arise upon it, the social relations that then develop between these classes, and the laws and mores of the political superstructure, which arise on top of that, the Third Campists turned that on its head. Instead they began with the political supestructure, and showing that this political superstructure was dominated by a bureaucracy that was self-serving – what bureaucracy is not – and acted against the workers interests, noting that this political superstructure exercised control over the means of production, rather than the workers, they concluded that this could not possibly be a Workers State.
The little boy would turn into a young man..........
But we shouldn’t bash anyone for using language in new, different ways. It might be ugly to you, and this is the only reason you may dislike it. However, it doesn’t discredit the person for coming up with a new way to use a word. Even Shakespeare used nouns as verbs!
“Is that the cucumbers??” I asked excitedly.
The Informer is not an easy read, but it is a memorable one and may best be described as being an expressionist novel. All the action takes place over twelve hours which may account for it’s relentless intensity. The Informer by Liam O’Flaherty without doubt deserves to be read by as wide an audience as possible.
Take an interest in psychology. Interviewing is very closely associated with psychology. The better you understand how people think, the better you will be able to extract their thoughts from an interview.
Sopranos – “Rejoice” (From Messiah)
As a true bloggie, I just couldn't help myself to want to join in on the linky party at Teaching Blog Addict! There are some fabulous ideas and I wanted to share my version of rainbow words. Now, I have been using this for the last couple years but now that I am going to second grade, I will have to tweak these a little (our second graders start with 15 words and develop to twenty words towards the end of the year). This is meant to be copied front to back and can be used on any spelling list you may have :)
So, sensible shoes are fairly important during an interview because super high heels can sometimes give the wrong impression. However, as the interviewer, you have much more freedom.
And if it looks like I am being really quiet then please check out the blog as I am probably posting like crazy but nobody knows!!
Day 25: Menu Planning 101
The orcs were originally organized into clans and of a fairly primitive nature, but always infused with the presence of magic – originally the primal and elemental magic of the natural world. Shamans were the spiritual leaders of the race, almost as highly revered as the clan leaders themselves. It was only the draw of bettering themselves and being duped into thinking the Draenei were trying to destroy them that led the orcs to become the rampaging creatures that drove the Draenei to near extinction and sought to conquer Azeroth in the first and second wars.
Ashley wants to get some so she can play around with it.
So the challenge is to create 2 windows on your card - they can be of any shape or size, as long as you can see something on the inside peeking out. Perhaps it will be patterned paper or a stamped image that you can see. Whatever you decide will work as long as you have 2 windows!
The boys have been cooped up inside all day (and it is a nice one), now because of the trimmers, earlier because John and I went to a neighboring community town hall to have a garage sale. It is really a worthwhile venture even though we never break $200 and I always work myself up with stress and dread before the event. Since it is right on town hall property, it gets plenty of traffic.
3 1/2 tablespoons water
longest set yet. Finally it is over.
No I am not going to name all the projects, but I do have a written record of them now thanks to these most recent allegations. Suffice it to say that just the one project for which my peers gave me “Economic Developer of the Year” for New Flyer more than covered my billion dollar impact statement alone, and just my pro-bono service to the CDC more than covered the number of businesses I have helped to provide funding to create way more than my estimated 50,000 jobs when you measure direct and indirect jobs created and preserved.
Up to 60% of Americans suffer from varicose veins. If you are one of them, find out simple ways to keep this condition from getting worse, as well as what effective treatments are now available to help with this condition.
Preheat the oven to 400F. Lightly coat the muffin pan or loaf tin with butter. Put the flour, ground almonds, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, blitzed fennel seeds and salt in a medium-sized bowl and combine well. In a saucepan, melt the butter gently with the orange zest. Turn off the heat and add the buttermilk to the melted butter and let it sit for a few minutes, until it’s tepid. Pour the melted butter mixture into a bowl and add the eggs and whisk until well blended.
But behold just a few moments more,
Iceland (9.7)
I came home with a suburban full of groceries and no way to bring them into the kitchen. There was yolk on the backsplash and floor was a hazmat site. Slimy egg whites all over the floor and dried egg white splatter all over the dark wood cabinets, the countertops, and the appliances. I am not even stressed out yet about the dye that is spilled all over the kitchen table and chairs and banquette. I hadn’t even processed the fact my kids have put their mouths all over unwashed raw eggs. The CDC is going to have a tough time determining if our salmonella outbreak is from our Easter eggs or from catching turtles in the pond.
"Tut, tut, child!" said the Duchess. "Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it."
frenzied panic.
I feel like I have to do something, so world, meet Hats On!
- Promod
The actual mix isn't the greatest, but I can't really complain, as we are not talking a 2" 24-track mobile recording either. Just an amazing band in a tiny space, with a boisterous crowd (that apparently consists entirely of American expats, based on the chatter), playing their songs.
"By continuing in bankruptcy, the debtors would likely incur additional administrative expenses beyond their ability to pay," the company argued in court papers.
This is a tricky one. Printer or print solutions provider for authors? I’m going to give Direct POD the benefit of the doubt here, and I think as they develop in this are they will perfect their services. I don’t honestly think this is a service for the first time author, but rather the small press looking for a competitive printer capable of helping them out with a little more if necessary. A seasoned author briefed and experienced in self-publishing with a completed book file will discover a versatile and dependable print service.
your walls are ever before me.
I was going to see about doing some more research at the Family Center in La Crosse, but I couldn’t get the search to complete w/ the location and hours of that location so … maybe later.
Melted butter to brush shortcakes
I will start working on some new features soon, so if your interested in having your home, blog, shop, or art featured, just e-mail me~I would love to hear from you.
II Samuel 8:13
Some challenges I face as a working organist are parishioners that complain a lot (I’m sure many people have this challenge) and having to deal with a merged parish. My parish is a merger of a German parish, Italian parish, and Polish parish. All three churches are within a few blocks of each other and each of them is still being used. I only play at two of them, the German and Italian churches, while another person plays the 60′s Allen in the Polish church. I hate saying this, but I would rather have that Allen than what is in the Italian church: a Yamaha Electone… It doesn’t even have a full pedal board and there are a lot of electrical problems with it as well. However, we are soon getting a small pipe organ so I won’t have to deal with the Yamaha pretty soon.
But these are minor problems compared with families stranded at Heathrow and other airports or people in Scotland who have had it like this for weeks and are running out of oil.
Winter’s Bone is a novel of tremendous beauty and tremendous ugliness. Set against the harsh, poverty-stricken backdrop of the Ozark underworld, it weaves a haunting tale of perseverance and family loyalty, underscored by the constant threat of violence.
Maybe there was a bit of Humbert Humbert in my teacher. But somehow between his near-obsession with the phrase and the actual "field hockey legs" of some of my distaff school mates, the words stuck with me.
The worst won-loss record of the past 40 years was 1-6 in 1995. But that record was an anomaly. Four players from the 1994 team had been drafted by the CFL. The 1995 team had a strong defense, led by Kyle Walters, Kevin Mellow, Bill Brown and Bill Vastis but lacked an experienced QB and stud RB Gerrit Stam. With the return of Stam and the addition of two experienced QBs - Nathan Body and Wally Gabler – the team bounced back to win the 1996 Yates Cup.
The players were a bit awkward walking on the mat, but when they hit the ice, they became magic. They could fly, changing directions as easily as birds swoop and turn, but on the ice, rather than in the air. Until you’ve been close to the ice, it’s difficult to imagine how fast they can go, how instantly they can change to skating backwards, then spin back to skating forward. Not only can they do this, but they can do it while using a stick and directing a round piece of frozen rubber called a puck…and while dodging, at least most of the time, the nine other players (not including the goalies) on the ice at the same time. It’s truly a thing of beauty, a ballet on ice, albeit a muscular ballet.
Sep 6 2008 8:00P Hip Kitty Claremont
'I'm dying...' I said.
# First Time Played (?)
Police also knew there were non-lacrosse players at the party (Boehmler and Saeli); police knew this as of March 28, 2006. Why weren't there pictures included if sole goal was to ascertain witnesses?
A second debt boost would be pegged to upwards of $3 trillion more in savings in 2012, with a bipartisan committee charged with coming up with a mix of spending cuts, revamped programs and tax overhauls. Such a plan – which would mean another debt debate in the middle of the 2012 election season – was a non-starter with Democrats and the administration…. – NY Daily News, 7-24-11
After dogging all the hatches and ports, the three of us sat on the oval settee in the saloon enjoying the storm. We left the slider open to the cockpit, which was somewhat protected by the bimini, and that allowed us to smell the cool dampness and sharp ozone of the squall. Lightning cracked and strobed, followed by the boom of thunder in decreasing intervals as the heart of the storm blew closer, until the lightning and thunder were simultaneous and the glass ports and fiberglass hull rattled and vibrated sympathetically.
Sent: Tuesday, April 03, 2012 12:13 PM
try saying that 10 times fast – just for kicks
Monday morning brought breakfast at the Serena Inn and my flight to Dar followed by the short flight to Mafia (and the discovery that Flightlink are starting a Zanzibar-Mafia flight this season!!)
Made it Monday’s- crafts that I’ve made
Image, House Beautiful, March 2012, photography Francesco Lagnese. This particular issue had to be rescued from Dexter, who chews my books and magazines if I have neglected him too long. We are both learning.
I just wish it would sort of hurry up, happen already and give me the equivalent of a modern happily ever after:
Remove a beetle's abdomen,
I had seriously considered giving up on Tucson as a venue for me. I've changed my mind. I will be back there next year. Things will be a bit different than they were the last few years, but I will be back and I will be teaching again AND I will be spending yet another birthday in Arizona.
frozen blueberries (1/4 cup)
Humanity has a gaping need for communion. We naturally want to fill our need with relationships, but all relationships with people and things from this world ultimately lead to death. No one has ever found immortal life through a new facebook friend, or a boyfriend or girlfriend, or a flat screen TV. Only God’s Word brings life–the very life our souls hunger and thirst to live.
experiences
Free delivery to some places in KL/Selangor with min order depending on area.
I have no real issue with rap. I respect it as a genre and will admit that some hip-hop artists are very talented individuals. However, the feelings I had after hearing this album were comparable to being cheated on in a relationship. Looking back, I guess you could say I felt betrayed.
Modern cameras usualy are provided with a single kind of adjustable aperture called "Iris diaphragms"... READ MORE
Buying two desks forced me to find a cheap solution: the IKEA trestles + stainless steel desktops. If I only had to buy one, I'd go for something prettier, more functional, and probably more expensive. Join me in Lala Land and let's pretend I'm starting from scratch. Here are some items that I'd consider...
(4)Nationality:
By comparison, Top Gun with Kelly and Tom Cruise is a dated and contrived affair. A vehicle for two stars who have limited on-screen chemistry. There are many reasons, not the least of which Kelly towers over Cruise both in stature and acting ability. She literally had to crouch through most of the movie, so as not to appear taller than her leading man. Tom doesn’t help things either, with a super-macho performance that leaves no room for subtlety. Yet as mismatched as they are, there’s still enough steamy scenes that are enjoyable to watch. And Kelly’s long blonde tresses and come hither stare never disappoint.
I decide to go running along the shoulder on the left-hand side of a freeway*, barefoot. For some reason this seems like a good idea and a great way for me to get exercise, and I didn't even question the fact that A) running in the very tiny space provided between the center divider and the fast lane might not be smart, and B) BAREFOOT??? REALLY?
old washing machines concealed in leaves,
University of Utah, April 2013
De Silva-Ranasinghe, Sergei “Beware of asylum-seekers bearing tales of woe,” Australian, 7 April 2010.
By organizing this meeting Espiral Association aims to provide a forum for the exchange of experiences, ideas and news, to spread the use of Augmented Reality academic environments, thus becoming an institution pioneer and visionary in this field.
Maintaining the Societal Status Quo
They have just declared war on the natural-gas industry. The Sierra Club already has their “Beyond Coal” campaign, and “Beyond Oil,” and they are renaming their efforts against natural gas as “Beyond Gas”. Clever.
As for the title of this post, who remembers the old Saturday Night Live skit?
It's taken me a while to write this post, I tried earlier but a chronically fuzzy head delayed me, so back after a walk up a breezy hill, past some passive aggressive cattle, then again distracted by an art problem and Earthflight I'm giving it another go!
I gave it a two thumbs up! Of course, Colin Firth had me at “hhhhhello”.
Chilli powder- 1/2 tsp
News Anchor or News Buoy?With this new kind of “broadcasting” in Hangouts, our students are asking what to call this new kind of “broadcasting” in the G+ stream? Social-casting? Perhaps… incorrectly….I’ve been calling our G+ on-air Hangouts a “visual #backchannel ” where for the first time, newscasters can see their audience. One Plusketeer correctly pointed out, “Sarah, the word “back” makes it appear as it’s hidden some place out of view.” Isn’t it time to move our audience away from the BACK of the room? h/t +Michael TuckerRoger that skipper and speaking of names, I think this platform has the ability to sink News “Anchors” who refuse to do anything more than just read. Our content needs to bubble up to the surface. “News Buoys” as I call them need to float on multiple platforms and share their content.
Now we live in Charlottesville, Virginia. Kyle's pursuing his dream of writing and I'm pursuing my dream of graphic design. We're finally in one place that doesn't have an expiration date, that isn't temporary (unless we want it to be). The feeling of being home is the same as it's always been since I met him, though. We move around, we're home; we stay still, we're home. Home is a state of mind, a condition of being that permeates every moment of every day. I wasn't unhappy before I met Kyle. But I was adrift and restless. Searching for something. I moved halfway around the world and found home in the love of the man who would become my husband. Korea wasn't my home, but Kyle made it my home. My home is wherever he is.
#2: You Can Do It Alone
*Exercises are designed to never be discouraging as all mistakes are explained. This guarantees targeted lessons for your child.
(13) Pick up some homesickness snacks
You're probably asking, "Do women do the same thing at the end?" So I've heard, but I have no firsthand knowledge of the give and take so I'm afraid I can't share an anecdote with you.
Devon Ellington: How did you develop the idea for this book?
"Hello Mrs Marr", I say. "You're looking well love. How’s things?"
I had hoped to get a short story posted here this weekend, but even now it sits on my iPad waiting for me to edit and revise the damn thing into worthiness to actually post. I had all weekend to do that, but what did I do instead?
"Um, not too long. I rode all the time last summer."
master bathroom
“Do you have your television on?”
black peppers
After 3 wonderful years of Gingersnap Creations, the Founding Femmes and Gingers are off on new adventures!
Between him and the PT team (who I told at one point that in a previous life they had worked in the torture chambers in a dungeon somewhere ... and LIKED it) I have probably 95% use of my leg. It gets stiff sometimes, and it drags a bit on stairs, but I can do most anything I could before I injured it. Well, it IS damned difficult to get up again when I sit crossed legged on the floor, but it can be done.
“How did she get the leukemia?”
Yeah, it's the weekend! Last weekend but I was at my daughters house helping out with the new baby...is this not the cutest baby???
Justice Brar said the elections would be held simultaneously in Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and the Union Territory of Chandigarh. With the announcement of the election date, the Model Code of Conduct comes into force immediately.
Thank you so much Charlie for inviting me to share your city life with you for the weekend. And for you Diane. For being such a great tour guide. And a really fun girl to hang with. One day I hope to return to start our own documentary "eating your way through the city". And I truly hope it takes 8 years to accomplish. That would be a fun job. I hope New York can squeeze in a family of seven.
3) Those that solely focus on flashy techniques or “cool looking techniques” (Usually the younger guys).
I started with Amazon and the KDP platform for the Kindle because that was the first option I found. After reading extensively on the web, I also went through Smashwords to get distribution into Apple, Sony, Kobo and B&N, etc
Much better.
. . . And those eyes watched, each the other, watched, seeking the memory of that forgotten singleness, watched with eyes familiar, eyes that echoed the struggle to remember, eyes like the autumn leaves of the mythic stonewood tree--gold and grey and mauve.From this taste of how de Lint conveys his tale, hopefully you can see that my summary--that Carrie discovers her magical ability in order to help Tarn--doesn't do the story justice.
The minute I came to terms with my loss, the hard-working IT guys at my company were able to save a few key folders. One of the folders they happened to save was my wedding folder. Figures. The one folder that I have no earthly idea why I hold onto, the one folder I was happy to see go, is now back on my computer, under my control.
Unless you envision a secular pan-Islamic power elite that adheres to a secular form of government like the one Ataturk instilled in Turkey, I very much doubt Islam is going to become tolerant in the near future. The problem is an openly and meaningfully secular government is the antithesis of Islam because you would have to divorce Sharia law from Islam to achieve this.
In word, in deed, in mind,
Little flowering surprises are starting to pop up in my garden. Everywhere I look tiny buds are showing up; all over Central park, in window boxes, sidewalk planters and community gardens. New York city is beginning to get all powder puffy as the trees bust out in their floral frenzy. Sublime!
because griffin works from home one day a week, we decided we need to come up with a place for him to set up shop when he is at home - i kinda got tired of coming home to everything thrown around on the dining room table. we knew we didnt want to sacrifice a bedroom for a home office since we only have three bedroom and we are about to start working on baird's big boy room. after much thought, the only logical place to put the desk was in the laundry room. because there was not much space, we decided to build it into the wall using wood and two wall brackets. we picked up a nice piece of pine at lowes for $15 and two brackets for $1.99 each. we stained the wood with stain we already had, special walnut, and spray painted the white brackets black so they didnt stand out as much. they had black brackets but they were double the price. half way through the project we decided to add some trim pieces to make it look more custom. griffin used some wood we already had and got to work with the miter saw. we attached the trim and stained it as well. i brought in the white wicker chair from the guest bedroom since we won't be using it in baird's new bedroom. it works perfectly and lightens things up in there. for around $20, we are extremely pleased with the way it turned out. i think our laundry room/mudroom/china storage room/home office is finally almost done. it really has become quite an efficient space.
Habakkuk says, “Even when we’re starving and we have no hope of a harvest, we’ll choose to praise God.” The Message translates verse 18 as: “Counting on God’s Rule to prevail, I take heart and gain strength.” It’s when we walk through the hard times with God, counting on His rule to prevail, pouring out our questions to Him and learning to trust Him, that He gives us the toughened, sure “feet of deer” and trains us how to “tread on the heights.”
Tham Khai Meng, says Advertising Age, is ‘one of the world’s most influential people in the communications business’.
There's a lot of talk about the canine performance in The Artist this year, and while Uggie seems like a thoroughly charming fellow I wonder if he's being singled out for most acting as opposed to best acting, a little like Dustin Hoffman in Rain Man. I was rather taken with Cosmo's admittedly smaller turn in Beginners: he underplays to considerable effect, and it's the kind of work that would be forgotten if they handed out dog Oscars, which they probably should. It doesn't help his cause that he's subtitled.
Kazarian Vs Roode is on now.
Also, I am so computer illiterate that I NEEDED help with this project lol So, I met Aimee a while back and we were instant friends! When I posted on facebook about anyone having solutions to the blogger problem she came to my aid! AND she is AMAZING! If ya'll are thinking about switching byaimee.com is AMAZING it is definitely worth taking a look at! She will work with you till you LOVE your website! Click HERE for her facebook page! And HERE for her website!
that that original whispered aside
* Send 3 MEDIUM size JPGS to: contests@littledivatutus.com Subject: Cover Model Search. Please note: e-mails without a subject line are automatically deleted!
He did not mind his arms being confined (though it looks like he did as I was swaddling him) and he slept several hours. And it really was so easy to swaddle him in this blanket. As I stated in my Sponsor Spotlight post, it may not look like a traditional blanket, but it works wonderfully. No wondering where the baby's arms should go. The arm flaps gently hold the baby's arms down by his side. And then you just wrap the right side up and over the baby followed by the left over and under and around. No fiddling with the blanket to make sure it is at the right angle or length. And there are no snaps, buttons, Velcro or zippers to deal with in the middle of the night. In addition, it is very well made. This blanket is a winner in my book. You have got to check it out.
Have a nice weekend!
Maybe authors fail to write characters we can empathize with due to a lack of love for the character or lack of familiarity with a person who has their protagonist’s traits.
Grab a couple handfuls of baby carrots, or peel and cut a couple regular carrots
so many shades getting in your way?
thank you Orson Scott Card for sharing your creativity – excellent series with excellent characters.
Weekend read is clearly this rare departure from the usual "both sides do it" format. Our Mr. Hiatt allowed Thomas E. Mann and Norman J. Ornstein, of Brookings and AEI respectively, to tell the world, straight out loud, the root of our broken government lies with the Republican Party.
We were sat on the bench in the park where I proposed. You had made my favourite roast beef sandwiches and we were eating in silence staring at the pond. There was no one else in the park and the silence was nice.
Reid: no they are not
I don't believe I've ever entered a "popularity contest." It's just never been my strong suit. But I came across this contest which basically will give the significant (to us, anyhow) cash prize to whichever entry can garner the most votes! Anyone can vote for any of the entries at any time, and as often as ONCE PER DAY! Come Sept. 6, 2010, the participant with the MOST votes wins!
I encountered one of these moments while reading Arisa and let me tell you, it was that moment, the one you KNOW is coming, but when it happens, NO MORE MANGA TO READ! Then the face happened and yeah, well, the rest is history. After my face calmed down, I ruminated for a bit about the annoyance of cliffhangers and then I realized that there is something worse than cliffhangers! That is…WHR, which is short for Where the Hell is the Rest?!
pretext they’d be given the deposit upon selling these items. On moving out
And implicitly in
Double Stitched Grosgrain Ribbon (R)
2806 Church Ave
to the aural (simple melodies from earlier gradually become distorted) as the strangeness gets cranked up. This is when Miike allows his full skill to bloom.
Being queen, being sovereign, is about much more.
The Jews did not doubt the authority of Moses. Well, there were some who doubted as in the case of Korah in Numbers 16. What happened there? In verse 32, “And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their houses, and all the men that appertained unto Korah, and all their goods.” You can see from this how dangerous it is to challenge the Word and will of God.
Don’t know why I can’t get the scales to move, even after a week of doing the dreaded shake diet (remember the one we all had to do pre-surgery)…yep you heard me right…I did a week of shakes and it still didn’t shake things up….very disheartening and frustrating.
Doesn't get much cheesier than this...
It stands to reason that the cheer and good will wears on you after a while, so what's the best way to cope? Have some eggnog? NO; kill a few people! It sure worked for Billy Caldwell, our protagonist/antagonist from 1984's Silent Night Deadly Night.
4 Fire works
The decision to replace action and change with self-deception subsequently and invariably creates great deal of unpleasant suck. Where many people would say 'hey, this sucks' and stop doing it, the determinedly self-deceived generally refuse to abandon the use of lies, and attempt to lie their way around this suckage by erecting higher and more elaborate buttresses of lies, which effort feeds back into itself resulting in an ever-increasing rate of material and metaphysical entropic decay; or, as it is commonly known, a giant clusterfuck of stupid.
In fact, the first official act of the Muslim Council of Britain after Tony Blair put it together as a voice for the UK's Muslims was to protest Holocaust Remembrance Day being observed.
I’m not quite sure if I want to go all the way vegetarian, but now that I’ve been three weeks meat free (I do eat seafood), not having as much meat as I used to seems to be a good look for the long haul.
And who’s the potter and who’s the pot?
When I’m in middle school, I became really good friends with a group of people in a band called “Heavy Noise”. The band is something similiar to Nirvana, X Japan, and I really liked it. And when I’m in Highschool I was in a band called “Siren”.
"Are you sure, Mom?"
Sugar Syrup
Thus began the Cold War which Kennan and the US Government believed would give the United States a historic opportunity to assume leadership over what they would eventually describe as the “Free World.” With time, as the Global Power Elite became more deeply embedded inside the US and British public and private power structures (and that of their key allies), that “leadership” would end up encompassing practically the whole planet.
Includes paternity testing for confirming the paternity of a child for both peace of mind and legal purposes, to assisting siblings, grandparents and DNA immigration testing to provide evidence of individuals being biologically related.
So the tool that makes writers who they are, also makes them spoiled. This is definitely not so, for the artist.
The scan came back normal (except for the tumor of course... but we all knew about that... this time). So they released him. The neurosurgeon did mention that things like this could happen after the surgery for the biopsy. whew! Big relief!
For a just man falleth seven times, and riseth up again: but the wicked shall fall into mischief.
When: Wednesday, October 19, 12:00 PM to 5:00 PM
After checking out the view, us pleibes made our way back down to ground level to check out The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands (and enjoy the air conditioning in the mall - temperatures were in the 70s in late December and everyone was in shorts/dresses and flip flops - can't imagine how hot it would be in the summer!)
5. You Can't Buy Me Back
Disease Unlimited (1001), 1979
The philosophy of mind community acknowledged the problem of consciousness in the 1970s and 80s through some seminal work by Ned Block, Frank Jackson, Saul Kripke, Thomas Nagel, John Searle and others. Prior to Chalmers the “mysterians” such as Colin McGinn had argued for a kind of epistemological (or “property”) dualism (we must concede that consciousness cannot be incorporated into physical science, but maybe we can concede this without giving up materialism). But Chalmers’ sporting brief for metaphysical dualism represents a kind of apotheosis for the problem.
‘What does that mean?’ Said Rook, ‘What does anything you’ve said mean?’
Keep all options open without disenfranchising? Anachronox though is true and some public schools are sh1t. But Santorum is a Fundo-Hawk that homeschools like a ‘Redneck’ (very American but not very Presidential???) if anything. Ever watch Face Off? (1997 John Woo) Santorum looks like that Nicolas Cage character. Won’t even mention the church scene from this film lol . . . Santorum is probably ‘one of the guys’ but to me at least he’s not presidential material at all.
If you have littler ones who are learning to read or spell, try one of these:
Just leave her a comment and tell her how you would use the lace - the give away will close in 7 days time on Thursday 22nd March and one winner will be picked at random - good luck!
What about the rest of us?
Embrace humanity and live in harmony
To see before the end,
I hear bikini line waxing is increasingly popular among men. That’s a new development but hairlessness has long been the ruling beauty standard for men as well as women. When was the last time you saw men with hairy legs or chests modelling swimming trunks? I know, somewhere in the 90s, right? Circa David Hasselhoff? Since then, magazines have paraded smooth chested men, and in the past few years I’ve noticed that more and more men shave their legs, too, before going to the beach.
13. Pat Boone - A Wonderful Time Up There
The opposition party has also alleged that Shahrizat’s family used nearly RM600,000 from NFCorp’s funds to settle their credit card bills in 2009.
Now, let’s check out those snapdragons putting on a show way in the back!
My only problem with this is that the shade is way too light for me. Usually BB creams are a shade lighter, which I can still manage to even out. But this one is a lot lighter, at least two shades lighter, which makes it difficult to work with as the shade difference is apparent when I wear this alone. However, I’m loathe to chuck this as I like the dewy, natural glow this gives me. So I decided to experiment with some mix-and-match. Remember my review of the Bourjois Healthy Mix Foundation? That one had a problem of oxidising as the day went by, and I’d been mixing that with lighter shade BB creams anyway. So I decided to try mixing the Hanskin Super Snail BB Cream with the Bourjois Healthy Mix, and voila, I had a good match!
After the sad news, I think you all need something
There are probably a dozen mini-supers in Aticama and a few specialize in additional items such as deli, produce and meat. Also, there is competition between some of the stores on the price of beer. It pays to comparison shop! When I first arrived I purchased an 8 pack of Pacifico in cans for about $12.00 at the mini-super that is next door to the RV park. My first trip into Aticama I walked around and priced beer. I bought a case of 24 cans of Pacifico for 200 pesos ($15.). I also located a mini-super that sells a case of 24 bottles for only 135 pesos and even though I prefer cans I think at that price I will learn to live with bottles!
Today I began a new relationship with a different employer. Trial by fire at a well known Trade Show. My legs ache but my spirits are high and cuticles are in tact (didn't feel the need to pick at them from stress). I think this may be a better relationship for me. Besides, they took me out for dinner and paid - a nice way to end a first date.
On the ground
*Letter Q courtesy of Mohamed Ibrahim at clker.com
Try to get some strength training in. This one will be a hard one, simply because of time. And if I have to choose one or the other, I’ll be lacing up my running shoes and heading out the door. But, I need to add something extra in if I can.
Wishing you a magical day!
4 cups 2% reduced-fat milk
You are a lovely lot
The only question I have left for myself is this; should I tell this person I think they were way off base? The person is rather close to me, but also not likely to sever the relationship over a difference of opinion. So I’m honestly not sure either way. And, frankly, as this person is of a different generation than I am, I really doubt we’re ever going to agree on the subject.
Sorry for the delay in updating things in case anyone was desperate to know the outcome of the weekend, the week after was rather busy and also I was on a bit of a down after everything. But yes, everyone did get over so I did manage to see my Dad for the first time in over 2yrs :D Also got to see my Mum and hadn't done that for over a year as well.
on sleeveless arms, ghostly white -
"Relatively large fines" as named in the aforementioned clause, reference to a fine for an individual of more than 20.000 yuan, and a fine for a work unit of more than 100.000 yuan. If local rules and regulations have different criteria for a hearing, it will be conducted according to local rules and regulations.
actually sleeping on the bed, they
It's fun to dress up little girls, they're like big versions of barbie dolls,LOL! Some of my favorite summer dresses comes from Tea Collection. Tea Collection started in 2002. They have fresh, distinctive designs inspired by travels all over the world like traditional Korean patchwork or Brazilian street graffiti. magically, they transform these inspirations to wearable and chic children's clothing.
This is the longest lasting spring in my 15+ years of living in this part of the world. The season usually lasts, at the most, for measly three or so weeks, and leaves behind faint memories of early morning dew and balmy afternoons in its wake.
There is time left to enter the LOWES $100 gift card giveaway yet!!!
We Need to Talk About Dad, Channel 4, 21 November 2011
(I attended a screening of a documentary once and afterward, at the pub, I spaced out when the film types starting talking about film Things. I was startled back into the fray when one of them said, “Oh, well, Cindy doesn’t know what a camera dolly is.” Truer words).
And we probably won't have much use for sundresses in size 6-9 months, since it will be the middle of a frigid winter here. Conversely, we don't have use for a snowsuit in size 3 months.
Putnam’s famous slogan is “meaning just ain’t in the head.” The meaning of an intentional state is determined not only by physical and mental properties intrinsic to the subject (“in the subject’s head”) but also by facts about the environment and the subject’s relationship with the environment. This view is called “externalism,” and is also referred to as the “wide content” view: the view that intentional predicates refer to relationships between the nominal subject of intentional predication and their environment.
In the case of excessive use, it’s always better to overestimate the amount of data traffic within your organization. Since excess data charges vary according to your broadband plan, you may end up paying inflated overhead costs in a month. Security is also an issue when excess data charges apply to your account, and it is advisable to exercise caution and protect your computer from potential hackers who might want to use your account to access the internet.
We got the kids in bed by 7:30 and I popped open a bottle of Hairy Eyeball to drink while we watched "The Life and Times of Tim" from the DVR. The hairy eyeball is a rich dark mahagony color and smells of chocolate. It had a bit of a smoky taste with brown sugar and finished with a bit of an alcoholy burn.
to Robert Cray? A three hour wait and wandering
2010.09.15 Afghanistan Balkh 2 0 Two election workers are gunned down in cold blood by religious radicals.
David uses speed-networking to break the ice – you have a few minutes with 3 random people, usually those fairly near you. Although you may not learn much (it’s far too short), it’s a good way for getting everyone into a ‘participative’ frame of mind.
Fun Fact for today: As it turns out you use your abs to turn when driving your car. How does one discover this, well, that's easy...do a killer ab workout and then drive. Turns out, your body uses pain to teach you new and exciting things! HA! So...yeah....that's what I learned today. Who knew?! BUT, alas, the good news is that today is my FRIDAY!!! YAY! I took the day off tomorrow since The Hubbums has it off and now we can hang out together. FUN!
Big hugs
Through a potpourri of chronological and heartfelt tales, Munro reveals how he learned to view incidents in life in terms of responsibility, recognition, personal conduct, and consideration of others. Despite dropping out of school at a young age, Munro perseveres, eventually attaining professional success.
To undertake these operations Shell, who took over as Operator from Tullow Oil on 1 February 2012, has contracted the Stena DrillMax ICE drillship, which is expected to commence operations midyear subject to government consents.
We can see these pressures starting to materialize, to answer Vegh’s question as to when security becomes repressive, it is at the point when non-western groups decide to subscribe to a discourse on the terms of western culture, in both the online and physical worlds. Would you agree or disagree with this response?
I valued my relationship with Mr. Goldsmith for another reason. He was a local celebrity, albeit a low key one, a genuine survivor of the Titanic. My mother told me all about it before I ever met Mr. Goldsmith in person. She showed me his name in Walter Lord’s A Night To Remember. Frank Goldsmith was a young boy, eight or nine, migrating from England with his parents. He and his mother survived, his father did not.
Coconut ice cream.
Chalkboard? Magnetic Board?
Just a fun way to start this post. If you have ever thought “I have a great idea. I should write that down.” only to instantly forget why you were thinking that in the first place, welcome to earth. You’ll like it here.
Here the elf is riding a chicken, what fun he will be able to report to Santa tonight. I’m not sure chickens have the ability to be pissed off but if ever there was a case of “if looks could kill” I’m thinking this one would certainly qualify.
Boursin
The second man was chubby, 5ft 4in tall, had short shaved black hair and was wearing dark clothing.
Toby asked me this morning if I have been enjoying blogging about food.
I have never been asked to give a commencement address. In retrospect I realize now why I was also not asked to do a long list of other things, but I have wondered on occasion what I would say to an audience of students and their exhausted, penniless parents.
Now we know the “not many days” was a period of one week as it was on the day of Pentecost, 50 days after the Passover. But the disciples were not aware of that. It could be any number of days beyond two for all they knew was that it was plural. But now they knew of what He spoke and it was of the baptism with the Holy Ghost.
Now, what is this nonsense? What a shameless assestment! You dare to say that? You shall be banned from reading literature!… Are you gone? Are you done? Ok, now I shall not explain myself, but just talk about what makes me say that: unexperience and youth… the search of entertainment over enlightment, when it should be backwards when I’m this young… now again I’m just fooling you. What happens is that I have little time to read, and when I read something I don’t find engaging or entertaining enough, I take ages to finish it, so I always prefer what it is called an ‘easy read’… but don’t you judge me! Because I have a very eclectic taste, I don’t think what anyone calls an easy read an easy read… I mean, look at the Twilight books by Stephanie Meyer, sure they are light but… not an easy read, more like a painful read. Now, something like ‘Pedro Páramo’ is an engaging and even entertaining read, as entertaining is to solve a puzzle or see a Lynch film. I always look for entertainment, and sometimes thinking is entertainment for me… but if I ever feel bored with your piece of work, may all hell go down on you, you just failed me as an artist/writer/whatever, and that’s what happens with King (over Llosa) he has never failed me, while Llosa has many long passages of boredom.
I feel sad for the talented individuals who fall prey to this unfair system. Are we really a Secular State? No! Wherever you go, government offices ask you, “Which caste were you born in? Oh that! sorry, you don’t get those privileges.” I saw a lot of photos of Dr. B R Ambedkar on the posters in the protests. If he was alive, he wouldn’t have wanted this to happen I’m sure. Legalized Begging is the best thing I can call this.
In order to prevent injury I suggest that you walk with one hand out to prevent you from walking into things. Having said that take care not to put your hand on the hob, it will burn and it will hurt.
Crowns.....
Oh, gosh, isn’t that how we all want our men? (Maybe not verbatim “useless”—we don’t want the guys out there taking this too literally, LOL.) Which scene of MIDNIGHT BECKONING was most difficult for you to write? Why?
Good morning everyone!!! What a fabulous digi week we had! Thanks to everyone who played along and to all our digi sponsors!!!
Downstairs Neighbor recently smacked her head at work so she has a large gash in the middle of her face. She also went for a haircut at a trendy Seattle barber shop where she asked for a "shorter" cut and they nearly buzzed all her hair off so she looks like a dude now. Also, she's suffering from some horrible allergies so when she wakes up in the morning, her face is swollen to twice its normal size. To summarize, she looks like a puffy dude with a gaping head wound. To all this I said, "Oh my God your life is hilarious!"
Filmed in the way that is all the rage these days: the handheld camera following all the action. Not as blurry or bouncy as some films using this technique (think "Blair Witch), the story follows young college students after a "big story". They talk their way into collaborating with a fellow they think is a poacher who illegally hunts bears. After a crazy encounter in the middle of the night, in the middle of Norwegian woods (hey, the Beatles had a song called Norwegian Wood...oops, sorry I got distracted) with a monstrous creature, the game is definitely afoot.
Step 2: Add peanut butter to butter mixture and mix well.
I’ve found that that is just it: the chance for an unnecessary elevated blood sugar is just not worth whatever the temptation is. Now, does that mean I’ve given up treats cold turkey. Hell no, you’re talking to a former pastry chef here! I’m just really really making it count now (ie, Theo chocolate and only my homemade cookies). I don’t have a bar of chocolate, I have a bite. I don’t have cookies, I have a cookie.
It FEELS like the wisest choice I’ve ever made… aside from my decision to move to Melbourne of course. It feels right, and mature, and honest, and very very exhilarating.
SWP supporting ‘Sunday’ march Memories of a radical lawyer Derry back in running for Fleadh bid Anonymous targets Ireland over plan to introduce ‘SOPA’ bill ‘Colombia Three’ not on the agenda, says vice-president Migration ‘a legacy of the Troubles’
We had a ton of branches/trees fall, lost power for a day, and had a flooded basement, but we're all safe, which is all that matters! Hope you all made out as well as we did. xox
“Well,” I said, sitting on his knee, “I like it. A lot.”
The situation is this: it is almost dawn, and you are up and about. Your humans are not. You wish to be outside. Your humans wish to remain in bed. Clearly, this is a complicated domestic situation, and will require the utmost in Negotiation, Tact, and Diplomacy in order to achieve an optimum result for all interested parties.
I wrote this on my own free will because I love my new found hobby and how it adds to my photo hobby. And one of the owners' name is Sassy. Fantastic, right? The only thing that would make the place better was if they had money trees for sale.
Reptile Gun fun IS
Best Supp.Actor Humphrey Bogart, The Petrified Forest & Paul Robeson, Show Boat (4 votes each, TIE)
Or made staying alive in the cold and hostile environment a workplace can be
Service : not very timely manner .. they have to fix it.
When I left for college, I rarely made it back home. However, I made a promise to myself that the last time I saw my dad would not be on his death bed. I broke that promise and I struggle with it daily… yes, 6 years later I still resent myself. I remember the phone call like it was yesterday.
Whilst in Singapore, I chanced upon this Chinese tea pot Tow Guan pottery at Jalan Bahar next to NTU. I was so excited, it was an exact replica of Grandma's tea pot. It is the nearest I could get that was Grandma's. I bought three. Two for my older sisters and one for myself.
The chorus is open to children in second grade through high school who have a love for singing. Auditions are held at the Congregational Church of Batavia. For more information or to schedule an audition, please call 630-879-3235 or visit www.fvchildrenschorus.org
I am back :) and with craft to share!! I've been working on an anniversary album for a week now (this was for a friend's friend's friend... lol!!)
So, of course, when I mentioned scallops to Cranky the other day, he dashed off and bought a passel.
16. The motto of Scotland is “Nemo me impune lacessit”, or: “No one provokes me with impunity”. It is used by the Order of the Thistle and on later versions of the Royal coat of arms.
There are a few more weeks until Easter! Since the beginning of Lent, we have heard of the many opportunities to attend confession. But what exactly is confession and why do we need to attend confession? How do I make a good confession?
Life is not like this.
Pledis Entertainment released a statement saying, “Hello Venus will depart from the classical image as the female god Venus, as they will greet the public with their friendly appearance as the new 21st century.”
The Osceola turkey is a variety native to this part of Florida.
One of the most useful UK resources about electronic disclosure is Clive Freedman’s electronic disclosure wiki at www.eDisclosure.uk.com.
Last night was the first in the series of chart reading classes. From my perspective, it was amazing! The whole experience was the best yet in my class-teaching career.
manufacturing begins and market launch.
You may also consider surgery as a flat wart removal method. There are basically 3 types of surgery that can be used:
Which is all fine and dandy until you get excruciating and inexplicable cravings for that-which-you-may-not-have between fixes/trips. Which is when you roll up your sleeves, sling on an apron, look up every possible available resource, and - bánh mì gods willing - craft your own (as if you haven't already, see Melissa's fabulous post).
But, seriously, I'm having sleepless nights over this title business now. The book's a comedy romance set aboard a cruise ship so trying to get that across in the title is rather important, I think. I mean, I've got my husband trying his best to come up with ideas but to be honest, he's still finding it very difficult to get his head round the romance side of things and the majority of what he's thrown in my direction sounds more like something you'd find in the adult book section at Ann Summers, but at least he's trying, bless him. And he did leave me with a bit of an idea as he left for work this morning but it's still only half an idea and me head is, quite frankly, hurting with the effort of trying to come up with that perfect title. I'm actually only halfway through writing the first draft of this book, so I've actually still got quite a bit of time before I need to finalise the title, but for some reason I'm practically obsessed with finding that perfect title now! I've got a great cover idea, but can I find the right words to make this book exactly what I want it to be? Can I hell! So, I'm going to try and forget about it for a while, put it to the back of my mind, and hope that at some point it'll come to me like someone switching on a light bulb, but preferably not during tonight's Coronation Street as Frank finally gets his come uppance this evening and I've been waiting weeks for this! If it could happen during Eastenders, that'd be fine because that soap is beginning to bore me to the point where I can actually watch it for the entire half hour yet, when it's over, not have a clue what happened during those 30 minutes.
Original Gravity: 13° Plato
11:11 Out Door Fitness (formerly 11:11 boot-camp)
By silencing all opposition to immigration and multiculturalism, you are stifling debate and are guilty of censorship. Many people simply feel that they are being dispossessed of their birthright, and want an end to immigration. They want to ensure that the land and culture we have cultivated over centuries is passed on to the next generation. What gives you the right to deny them a voice?
Roast in oven for 20-25 minutes.
Constantine: I am always startled when I see the utter disrespect that Roman Catholics pay to the Old Testament. After all, those were “the Scriptures” that Jesus affirmed, down to every pen stroke (Matthew 5:17-21).
Hope you liked this thali. Tomorrow I have a thali that is very special to me. Do come back tomorrow for the reason and a very tempting thali...
There are so many reasons to look at his life and admire his faith.
~ Share 7 things about yourself;
"One of the things I love most about making jewelry is the absolute individualism. For each gift that I've created for a family member or friend, I've kept the person's favorite colors and personality and potential use of the item in mind and tried to see the person wearing or using what I've made."
He promised another meeting very soon, to try once more to find those who would help in the running of the city.
Charlbury
Africa's greatest prosperity occurred during the short of colonialism. If we had been left alone for another hundred years, Africa could have been a super-power. In recent decades Africa has been moving backwards. Now to those of us who live here - none of this comes as a surprise. We just look at it and remark: "We told you so!"
crease ease emulsion is an intensive, active, no-needles “line relaxing” cream that targets fine lines and creases all over the face, instead of paralyzing them. This emulsion safely rebalances hormonal activity in the skin, and improves hydration, lipid content, elasticity and roughness. Other active ingredients include sweet almond, witch hazel, allantoin, green tea, licorice, centella asiatica, gingko biloba and sage.
‘Yes, this game reflects a part of reality. We have played with a small board and just a few pieces, and we have played with boards so immense that even we cannot see across them, where uncountable pieces act out their dramas. But it has never been complete.’
Thanks for all the encouraging comments about my new 'Dangerous Doodle' Pattern Tutorials. I am feeling very inspired about these, and have already recorded many new doodle videos which are waiting in line to be edited (including the new shell design you can see in the picture above). Don't forget to subscribe to my blog if you haven't already, so you don't miss any new ones.
It started out as a novelty interlude in a jazz band's concert. The rhythm section would play a few songs to minimum accompaniment. People liked it. It was easy to get into, and more importantly, easy to play. Anyone could buy a guitar and form a skiffle band.
Today's card features another Tilda image that I inked up a while back and had a hard time matching paper to it. Well just yesterday I got some Birthday pressies in the mail from my awesome friend Rebekah and wouldn't you know it she included a paper pack that matched this image perfectly. Yeah thanks honey for spoiling me!!!! I also included the awesome cool butterfly and flowers that were included in my box of treasures.
What are the terms? Do you get all the profit or a percentage? Did you find a lot of variety in the terms in your research?
I overslept this morning, so I am running way behind, as if I needed that. The weather outside looks pleasant, I know that it got quite cold overnight from the frost on the vehicles and mist rising from the ponds when I came home from work last night.
As it is for us as individuals, so it is for this church.
To me, this is the most beautiful book in the world, I adore it!!!!
He'll arrive on New Years Eve.
fun toy because it magically “springs to life” and speaks when they approach it. People love to watch their dogs play with this toy because they become so excited – it's very funny to watch, but it's also great exercise and entertainment for your dog.
What are your writing goals for 2012? Did you accomplish what you set out to do in 2011 or did you have some unexpected surprises along the way?
Walnut, honey and chocolate tart
Hello there! I’m Thanh (pronounced “tan”). I live in the Metro Vancouver area of Canada in a suburban apartment. The reason why I’m telling you about my spatial situation is because we all know how much STUFF we can acquire in the paper crafting world. You can imagine how organized I must be with my, ahem, essential items. *wink*
Bam: Sorry fans the 144 or Bust part 2 which was going to be called Reservoir Gods, (Suns of Thunder). that is on a tape in one of my vaults on an island in the Pacific.... one thing for sure it was going to be a beast of an album but it just didn’t happen. The BB project is a completely different
Phone: 1-360-859-4017
This post is probably the most academic I’ve ever attempted so apologies in advance — there will be no laughs. (Well, unless you find my attempt at theory-based argument laughable. You might. Again, apologies.)
To a large extent, people who want to use their iPad for Bible study are really looking to read books, so this list is mostly book Apps. Most of these apps have similar features with respect to searching, highlighting, note-taking, etc. The big difference is availability of new books and the price of those books. Amazon and Logos are the clear leaders for book availability, Amazon can sell books for much less than the smaller competitors. For example, the ESV Study Bible is available for $39.95 in Logos and Olive Tree Bible Reader 5. Kindle has the ESV Study Bible heavily discounted, it is only $9.99. The Holman Bible Atlas is $29.95 at Logos, $24.99 with Olive Tree, but only 16.48 in the Kindle store. I will point out that Logos has frequent sales which reduce the list price considerably and their “pre-sale” program is a great way to buy new books at a discount.
2tsp baking soda (Next batch we’re only going to add 1tsp, 2 seems too much)
Posted by Andrea Muhrrteyn at 10/31/2010 04:59:00 PM
magneseium, not milk of 170, not gargling with 71
All suggestions will be seriously considered.
If you want to bring a wine that needs to be decanted, you can either ask the restaurant if they will do it for you (which means an extra trip on your part) or you can do it yourself before you leave. After you have poured the wine from the bottle into the decanting glass, return the wine to the bottle and seal it properly.
Scent of rosemary
I know that the spades
That muddy water running through my veins
This is confirmed by listening through the album. The first thing you realize is
it's a sunday night.. midnight and i've decided to watch a couple of episodes of keeping up with the kardashians ..
30 g. granulated sugar
* The application process (including deadlines) and;
In a certain sense the change from ‘Service’ to ‘Force’ describes the present function of our police most accurately , because there is NO SERVICE! During the past few months ‘Murphy’s Law’ has compelled me, on a number of occasions, to visit a few local police stations in the Pretoria area. I can honestly declare that there has not been one single occasion where I can say that the service coming from behind the counter had been good, or even close to reasonably fair! It’s pathetic I tell you, when there are about 4 – 5 very young (nat agter die ore) Colonels standing behind the counter, and not one can speak proper English. There’s also a notable reluctance to do any form of paperwork, or to write out a statement. AND, -- DON’T EVER put down your Parker pen on the counter, because it will vanish like magic, in a flash – right before your very eyes! Trying to open a theft case when this happens, simply does not work, -- believe me, I’ve tried!
The Make Life Better Transformation is a custom lifestyle shift for anyone wanting to take charge of the state of their health and overall well-being.
In future, most cases could be settled by a judge sitting alone.
I realize that some things are vastly more important than other things. I do. I realize that. Really. And so I say, I’m very proud of my friend for what she has accomplished through a difficult time. She has done many good things that will help important people. Very well done, Liz.
-You wouldn't have gone so fast that I didn't have time to sit by you the ENTIRE 3 mins because I was frantically calling the hospice nurse, thank GOD Megan and Courtney were by your side as I was busy on the phone.
1 teaspoon of “what’s that smell in my hair”
Hi I’m known as Kasey ~ in Oz out there in blogland, I’ve been a creative person for most of my life and tired my hand at all sorts of crafts from Leadlighting to Millenary, Ceramics to Beading. I found papercrafts about 6 years ago, I was going through some stuff the other day and found a few of those early cards. OH MY! How far I’ve come since those days. I dabble in Scrapbooking now and then my 3 year old granddaughter is the subject of most of my pages……AND….I have found a new love ….’Copic Markers’! I’m slowly building my collection as well as my knowledge on how to use them. I love bling, Vintage style, layers and detail on my cards and I really struggle with CAS! I consider myself to be a bit of an aging hippy and love paisley, folk music and then I move on to 60s and 70s rock! : ) I am so proud and excited to have been selected to be part of the Southern Girls challenge team and hope to provide our followers with inspiration from my projects. I’m amazed and thrilled to have found so many lovely ‘Blends’ (blog friends) through playing along with challenges and being part of design teams over the past year.
When I found out she was having twins, I was so incredibly happy for all of them. For their family, this was an answered prayer (many prayers really) and more than one photographer in town wanted to capture their very special time. I had the honor of doing belly art for the Harris's with Keith Dixon Studios doing the photography for this session.
So, in case you're wondering how it worked, I'll give you a lil' run down because you should totally consider participating next year! The girls sent out emails to everyone interested in participating with a little favorites sheet for you to fill out to help your Secret Santa shop for you! Then, they sent you the blogger who you'd be shopping for's sheet with their likes & address so you'd know what to shop for and where to send the gift! Easy peezy! And, the price range was very reasonable ($15-$25).
Yves Rocher is a brand where all active ingredients come from plants. For the past 50 years, Yves Rocher harvested their own organically grown plants, extracting ingredients to make products in their own factories, and distribute their products without a intermediaries. They’re also very pro-nature – a tree will be planted for certain products purchased. Their current goal is to have 50 million trees planted, and they are currently just over 17.5 million. Pretty noble and impressive company intentions, don’t you think?
My first strip only successfully removed about half the hair, but after modifying my technique slightly the second strip removed 95%. These strips are pretty fool proof as there is no guessing how much wax to put on or how big of a patch you should do. It did take me longer than shaving would have (although that probably had to do with me sitting on the floor hyperventilating before tearing the first strip off). But, if it only need to be done once every four weeks I am more than willing to put the extra twenty or so minutes in on a Friday night.
Based on these images alone, it's tempting to-- as we do with most Icelandic artists- interpret Mugison's music as a product of his home country's mysterious landscape (try Googling "Sigur Rós + glaciers") or rich folkloric tradition (ditto for "Björk + elf"). But on his madcap third album, Mugiboogie, the former laptop-tronic artist makes a case for an Icelandic pop music defined not by topography or mythology, but rather basic geography - in that his country's location puts him a in a fortuitous position to absorb the influence of American blues, British psych-folk and, when the mood strikes, Scandinavian black metal.
Publisher: Riverhead Books, New York 2010
The gorgeous paper is Prima 'Nature Garden' this is such a pretty pad. I have distressed all the edges with walnut distress ink & matted onto thick kraft card.
Aside from setting a good example, I also wanted a way to show God how thankful I am for all that he has blessed me with. What better way to show my thanks to Him than to do a few good deeds for His children? So with that... I set out to do some good. Below are my 28 acts of kindness:
No one, no one, no one, no one (do you get me here?) should be so gullible or desperate to fall for facilitated communication. No one. We're not talking about teaching a child to type by hand-over-hand and then backing off, never claiming that the instructional effort is the child's communication. Scientists and researchers are using facilitated communication in a clear and precise way. Please note that laptops, letterboards, and other assistive technology can be co-opted for facilitated communication or rapid prompting (many people will use the term rapid prompting but what they are doing is facilitating).
Nazri added that the EC had agreed to withdraw the Bill in entirety as more amendments made would render it pointless.
“But there our two paths diverged in the wood,” Streep noted, concluding that “I’m an actress, and she’s the real deal.”
Here is my webpage. If you would like to help Philip and spoil yourself...make a small order. I promise you..It is a amazing product. Not your normal candle . Take a minute and look at the webpage. If you know anyone who may be interested please share this with them. Each order placed is a step in the right direction to help ...
Some background, from a Sept 7th news report:
07-11-2008
Dame Shirley Bassey was quoted on The Voice of Reason blog as saying: “It's sad that they just let it (Britain) go to rack and ruin, Labour. How? Well, it's violent, isn't it? That's all we read in the papers and see on television”. Why does she think this has happened? "We're letting in too many people. We're an island, for God's sake. And the Britishness seems to have gawwwnnne."
In space, you may need to deal for the diamonds your bones need.
Kristy to the rescue ;)
- Maybe my birth mother doesn’t have internet….
Once the pretext stop was made, Reichert – following exactly the same script described by Judge Reagan – claimed to have noticed an otherwise undetectable traffic infraction. He obtained Huff’s driver’s license and asked the passenger for ID. When he ran Huff’s license, he found a record
MEDIUM TERM: DOW downtrending, SPX still uptrending
So this is my first blog of 2012.
Happy Friday everyone! I still can't believe it's now the month of September! Summer sure did fly by quite quickly, at least for me. Today is the start of a much needed 3-day weekend, so I decided to go to a local Farmer's Market to pick up a bouquet of late summer blooms. Today I'd like to share these little beauties, plus a few other "pretty little vintage things" in my home.
Chinese Cooking Wine (Shao Shing Chiew) (optional), 1 tablespoon
A news report just showed a real Queensland Horseman and a couple of his mates, in a small aluminium boat, roping and lashing horses to the boat and getting them to high ground.
4) Meet with representatives from the other participating nonprofit organizations.
20) IF YOU COULD EAT ANYTHING RIGHT NOW, WHAT WOULD IT BE?
Almost as if, she thought, something was breathing the air in and out around her. If she didn’t feel so nervous, so frightened, she thought she would have laughed at that idea. If this was a story, someone was telling her, or if she was reading it in a book then she was sure she would have laughed.
I'd have to say both. Because both types of IPA were brewed for the rest of the 20th century. Drinkers clearly weren't confused. But I suppose it's irritating for style nazis to have two different types of beer using the same name. It doesn't worry me. I'm here to record and describe the past, not to judge it. I'll leave that to the nazis.
Suffering from dissociative identity disorder, Sybil seeks treatment from a psychiatrist after attempting suicide. During the sessions, Sybil recalls the physical and sexual harm inflicted on her as a child by her mentally ill mother.
E: I’m scared Daddy.
You scream. Or at least I did the first time. I jumped up on the ladder and shrieked! But the screaming died down quickly, because I realized no one could hear me. It’s weird how people show fear when they are alone. You don’t feel the need to scream anymore. You may scream out of shock for a second, but no matter how bad the circumstance is, if you are not in a room with any other people, the screams die out. Replaced with shivering, desperate prayers… i don’t know.
This was a "spot" of ours we came to a lot while we dated. He covered it with candles and got down on one knee below the Temple. It was perfect.
Retire from my day job, make a bigger studio space and have fun!! I'm sure I'd travel a bit more too, even though I am quite the homebody!
turn their eyes to the ground
I plan on making my next post about a change I made in a small stairway area between the living room and dining room. I hope you’ll come back to see it!!
On Saturday afternoon we visited this place, which was quite fun, and put me in a mind of an analogy--if Schlitterbahn was a golf course, WaterWorks would be its putt-putt course. Similarly designed, much smaller. Also, less than 5 minutes from Pod's parent's house. The kids loved it, and even I was talked into riding the giant water slide. Once.
Felt was passed over by Nixon for the FBI directorship. If he had been appointed for the position, would he have leaked the information?
It is interesting that of all the traps that the scribes and Pharisees could have come up with to set for Jesus this is the one they chose. This was not the work of a rocket scientist nor a well thought out plan. Perhaps this reveals their desperation or their ignorance or maybe it is a testament to the fact that their eyes were so blind they could not see the flaw in their plan much less the flaws in themselves.
At around 5 months old, she cut both of her bottom teeth overnight... we were so lucky because it didn't seem to bother her too much. Lately, Rosie has been drooling and chewing like CRAZY! Upon investigation, sure enough she is cutting 2 more teeth... her upper canines! Now, this is really funny because she doesn't have her upper middle teeth yet, so she's going to look sort of like one of these little guys...
The acting was pretty terrible as well. I felt as if I was watching John Cusack play Poe as John Cusack, rather than losing all thought of Cusack while enraptured in the film world of EAP. It wouldn't have hurt to have a bit of drunken slurring and stumbling, especially at the beginning when he was supposed to be at the level of drinking commonly known as "asshole mode."
53 back
Because I received this from 3 lovelies, I am going to increase this part to 12 Random facts about myself:
Our vote at GE13 will determine whether Umno and BN will continue to steal money from us, lie to us, and throw us in jail for protesting about their crimes, or whether our competitive two-coalition system will take its next step to improve our children’s future.
AND most important: Children Julian Hornbrook ( Miles) and Rebekah Bentley ( Flora) deserve particular mention for their talent and enthusiasm.
Blues - Turquoise, Marine, Petrol Blue, Midnight Blue
We are seriously considering a move to the San Antonio/Austin area and are trekking out there to do some reconnaissance. I have explained before that I am the ying to Pioneer Woman's yang, so do not expect her travel diaries....we will be doing this trip staying extremely budget friendly...so no 5-star hotels and fancy-pants food for us. But that doesn't mean we can't have fun and tasty time, right?
I feel as though I’ve done somewhat of a disservice throughout this blog. I’ve painted a picture of my time here that isn’t precisely accurate. I’m an emotional person, romantic, optimistic to a fault. I like extremes and superlatives. I exaggerate in an attempt to draw the reader in, and to make sense of things I can’t make sense of.
In either case, someone is trying to determine whether or not John is still “saved”-something that only God truly knows. So while we sit around debating whether or not John is still a believer, John remains a derelict who needs the presence of God in his life. Whether or not he is still saved is not the issue. If he is still a believer, we have a responsibility to reconnect him with God, and God’s people. If he is no longer a believer, of course we have a responsibility to reconnect him with God, and God’s people.
blush pink
(Mom comes in.)
For as long as I can remember, I wanted to work with kids in the foster care system...hoping one day to open one or more group foster homes...I had been seeking a volunteer position in several different organizations, but wasnt really feeling they "matched" me. By the suggestion of a few of my friends, I applied as a volunteer at CASA (Court Appointed Special Advocate) of Collin County.
The Judge told Leeds Crown Court: “I have been to that alleyway after the last hearing and it is a very cold, miserable, frightening place and I can’t even begin to imagine how that complainant felt. It is a very dark and lonely spot.”
I mean of course I totally had the hots for him, and I was charmed and all of that, but for some reason it was only that afternoon while I was lying in the sand in my little cocoon that I actually felt and knew he wasn't kidding when he said he was in love with me. There's knowing, and there's comprehending.
I have always been an avid buyer of French Baker. I love how they baked their goodies and it’s so delicious! I just had an unlucky experience the last time I bought something from their store.
When I am happy, I thank God. When I am hurting, I cry out to God. When I lack wisdom, I ask God for direction. And when tragedy hits, I let God carry me.....because I don't have any words to say to God in those moments. So I just ask for help....
Sorry I can't help being a whiney baby, but my mommy's not here to kiss the booboo better.
1 red pepper, cut into strips
“Yes I can take out loans, but I’m trying to get out of debt. Especially coming from foster care, I need to build a foundation,” says Rodriguez.
Well now you have seen what the team has come up with it is your turn so just add your link to Mr Linky and we will be along shortly to see what is New on your creation.
On those same campuses, the professors praise the likes of Mao, Fidel and Che. As a result, the students voice hatred of Israel, and they demonstrate on behalf of suicide bombers and other Islamic fruitcakes.
Anything
And I think that much of the time, this too gets reversed, so that, again regardless of who invited whom, the woman may be said to be accompanied by the man. Similar to the idea of lead-follow-follow?
Our nation’s capitol. A majestic city built as a testament to America and housing our government and other cultural centers.
This time, I do want to have a better record of what I do and how I'm feeling about it.
You know what my opening line is, so let me ask, what is yours?
I remember thinking to myself, I wonder if it’s real?
Being an artist myself and having created Artist Portraits for television, I work on ways of presenting Art online in a way that everybody can encounter this fascinating medium that envelops us in energy fields that connect us to our inner truth. And it exercises our thinking muscle and maybe – just maybe – encourages to break free. Some Artwork resonnates, another doesn’t – however, there is a quiet dialogue, unencumbered by the treachery of the spoken word… so often abused to this very day.
The Whites of South Africa today may have the guts and they maybe willing to go to war, but they have it all wrong. They think they would be going up against a conventional enemy in a fair fight where the rules would apply as expected in conventional warfare. Unfortunately this is not the case and they would be killed like flies, unless they learn to understand and adapt accordingly to meet the requirements for this challenge.
Philip Glass’ symphonic music has grown commonplace on ballet programs, yet more often than not contemporary choreographers will concoct dense, breathless and safe movement phrases to accompany Glass’ launching and looping scores. Maybe you’ll see costumes that express ‘creativity,’ but for the most part the dance feels to be trying to normalize the music, even after all these years. There is a tamped down effect and it’s rarely fun stuff.
I want to go home. I wondered
Nevertheless, thank you muchly to those who have already offered me their support, and thank you to those who intend to do so before 5pm tomorrow.
Beautifully shot, but empty. Read the book.
Al Pitrelli – Composer/Guitar/Musical Director
Still, the idea has immense potential. Basalt formations are found in many parts of the world, and the CarbFix site can store billions of tons of carbon dioxide, Matter said. Unlike other forms of carbon storage, waste gases can be converted to stone at relatively shallow depths, the leakage risk is minimal and the results are permanent.
That music dealing with the issues felt by disillusioned and disenfranchised youth had such a presence in the early 1980s, says as much about today’s environment as it does about that of three decades ago. The issues are still there, but it feels today almost as if the music business has tried to fence off the disaffected as some kind of ‘worthless market’, unable to provide a sufficient return on a record company’s investment.
But at that moment, I turned from it. I knew it was not right at all. Instead of turning into that darkness and jumping into that pit (and never coming back), I turned to God.
If you hit your tee shot low, good luck. The best way is to keep your head down and swing smooth. Take a deep breath first and don’t look up until you’ve hit through your impact zone. Anything less and you will be kissing your ball goodbye – that gully is deep! On a good day, I normally hit it about a third up the fairway. I’ve seen guys hit it to the back of the fairway and up the hill. I’ve also seen guys lose their ball right, again into the hill. There’s no finding your ball if you miss the fairway so give it all you’ve got.
This workshop is sure to create lively debate as many contentious and important issues are presented for discussion. The talk will be accompanied by a power point presentation illustrating relevant work by local and international ceramists. The presentation will begin with a brief overview of the historical origins and development of ceramics with particular reference to South African ceramics, the role of ceramics in our society and the need for collectors to purchase ceramics in order for this great tradition to survive.
MWM was clearing out the understairs cupboard and found a lovely bowl I forgot I had so, to put it to good use, on Friday I bought some hyacinth and minature daffodil bulbs to put in it. The daffs flowered on Sunday, I'm still waiting for the Hyacinths but they should be out soon.
The one I picked is called Books and Beadhead. I think this image is tooo cute because it reminds me of my oldest daughter. :)
The hallmark of a fraudster is that he never stops inventing new scams to cheat the public until the prison door closes on him.
I have most of Venexiana’s recordings of Monteverdi now – I can’t listen to their Gesualdo madrigals if I’m alone in the house or it’s late at night: darker secular material you just won’t find – and each time I hear them I find a new layer of enjoyment and musicality in the listening and the performance alike. They really are a treasure of the contemporary baroque scene and I can’t recommend their performances highly enough. When will they come to London?
Jesus Christ is far more than just an angel. He would in fact be the archangel. So, my point is that unless you can find an actual reference that shows angels with crowns, then there is no Biblical precedent for you to claim that the 24 elders are angels based on that. You can claim it you want, but you can’t expect someone to accept it. They should choose to rather go with the Biblical precedent.
When we express ourselves to the world, it's because we have something to say. We need to learn to communicate.
"Well the other night I saw what is in your pants and I won't deny a certain level of desire," I returned.
And everyone is nesting... Even the smallest of our bunch!
I somehow missed the weekly photo challenge of March 23, but in spite of being late I decided to submit a photo as I could not resist the proposed subject. The picture was taken summer 2011 in a little town Sabbioneta, in the province of Mantua, Lombardy region, northern Italy. It is situated about 30 km north of Parma, not far from the northern bank of the Po River and it was inscribed on the World Heritage List in 2008.
As a form of objectification, prohibiting abortion basically means that we should think of a woman as nothing more than a uterus.
Couper said his seven steps to improve policing includes chiefs who are willing to listen and police agencies that dedicate themselves to continuous improvement, in the same way industries do.
Please click on the News24 link for further Details…
and so on and so forth ... Hope y'all enjoyed this delicious post!
Unfortunately, this agenda is nothing new.
Ms Kelly will be accompanied on her cross-channel swim on Saturday by former world champion swimmer Steven Munatones and by kayaker Richard Clifford. Mr. Munatones and Mr. Clifford are also on Ms Palfrey’s support team.
Offspring: "No."
Like tonight!
2 tbsp butter for cooking
So, who's in? I'll add a list to my sidebar linking to your blog (if you have one), assuming that anyone wants to join me.
BCM has acquired purchase options on the Hynds Building and the adjacent vacant lot colloquially known as “The Hole” and currently going through a due diligence evaluation of the two properties.
“For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, declares the LORD.” – Isaiah 55:8 (ESV)
Considering what the season 3 finale is (Clark goes into the caves with a so-called Kryptonian girl), then I guess it did lead into the finale because the central story revolved around the Kawatche caves which would be pivotal in the finale. It also featured a character who mistakenly believes they have power and they have this great destiny, and in the finale we meet “Kara” who says she’s of the same race as Clark, but she’s actually human and Clark’s bio dad just rewired her brain or something.
Graphic 45 - Le Romantique set
I was finally “on stage”, but there was a different picture in my mind. Spotlights glowed fiercely, blinding me as I sat on my stool. I blinked so that my eyes could adjust to the dazzling lights. When they adjusted, I saw before me a field filled with thousands of people cheering impatiently, waiting for the show to start. The sound grew louder and louder, and was soon so loud that I realized: They wanted to hear me. A smile grew on my face, and it was at that point that I knew I couldn’t let those people down. The show must go on!
What is your favourite quote/s?
Marsstrasse 46+48
Have you any recommendations?
I am hoping to read a lot more historical fiction over the next few months. I am currently reading Bring Up The Bodies by Hilary Mantel (which, so far, is excellent) and have novels by Susan Higginbotham, Melanie Clegg, Anne O’Brien and Barbara Gaskell Denvil on my kindle. Now, if someone could give me a few extra hours every day, we’d be set.
Jesus Christ died for the sins of the whole world, all six billion inhabitants. But the vast majority rejects that gospel and in all too many cases inflicts suffering upon the believers. God sends out His ambassadors, missionaries, pastors and Bible teachers to warn the wicked of their evil says. Who listens? In some countries these faithful men and women of God are imprisoned, punished, and in some cases, beheaded for their faith and faithfulness. The majority demands or at least condones this action.
Long queues outside every bank begin forming the afternoon before 8am opening.
But Jesus knew better. He knew how disloyal the crowds would become. He knew that when He needed His people the most, they would all forsake Him and run away. This same welcoming crowds would escort Him to the Cross. Today, they were shouting, “Hosanna!” By Friday, they were shouting, “Crucify Him!” Before this week finished, Jesus would be arrested, tried, whipped, humiliated, spat upon, cursed at, betrayed, crucified, dead, and buried.
Hi everyone, time for another fabulous sketch at Sketch N Stash and this fortnight it's our Angie's turn to be a designer. A lovely, easy sketch and your choice as to where you put your sentiment and embellishments, what could be better, so please try and join in with us.
And? Well, I'd call it cute and completely forgettable, except perhaps for the loveliness of Marion Cotillard as everyone's love interest and the outrageousness of Adrien Brody as Salvador Dali. The best performance by far was by Paris herself; the images of the city were picture postcard perfect and I really had to resist saying, "I've been there! And there! And there!" And so while the script, even with its flights of fancy, is predictable, I'm guessing that you'll still leave with a smile on your face. If you're not in Paris, you might be figuring out how to get here at any cost. And for those of us who are? Well, it was a good reminder to go out and take a midnight stroll through the city, something that beats the price of admission even when it's on special.
Confession time. That's totally a reference to a Limp Bizkit song. Yes, I totally loved them in high school. No, I don't wanna talk about it. Haha. My other confession is that I didn't feel like cooking today. I spent the day doing homework, coming up with my Saved menu, and watching Felicity. Best day eva!
I recently saw a 50ish woman in a Prada coat, rundown flats and cheap vinyl bag. We all know that the head-to-toe designer is a bore, and you can mix high and low, but luxury clothing demands a certain respect for the piece.
and he said yes. and i believed him. i still believe him. and i stopped crying.
All four discs are NTSC, all-region and anamorphically enhanced for widescreen television.
oh the decisions!! off I go to pray about it, because just thinking about it makes my head want to explode.. for those of you who pray- please shoot one up for us during this hard decision making time. & for those of you who don't, flip a coin for us or something. we need some serious wise imput.
Speakeasy: a place that illegally selling alcohol during the time of prohibition also known as the "Noble Experiment" from 1920-1933
Mr Sheridan asked, “You arrest the Royal Editor of the News of the World, arrest Glen Mulcaire and never speak to anyone else?” DCS Williams responded that it was all done via solicitors and he had a “legal process to follow”.
You can be sure that this new sprog will not be allowed to crawl into any alien structures!
*P.S. Just a fun aside -- both Kevin Bacon and Kiefer Sutherland were involved in "Flat-liners," and were so kind to the kids in town, visiting the schools and answering questions. It was really fun to have Hollywood come to town!
If you haven't tried anything from this book yet but you feel intimidated about trying this whole dish, go ahead and try the curry emulsion on its own. Drizzle it over your scrambled eggs in the morning, and then call me to tell me how awesome I am for making that suggestion.
In addition to working two demanding jobs for nine years straight, while also publishing two books and organizing a major annual conference and doing all the other extra labor of being a fulltime academic, I also did all the shopping, cooking, laundry, cleaning and yard work; all the supervising of homework and staying involved with my children’s schools through parent-teacher meetings, volunteer work and car pooling; I made sure all the medical appointments were taken care of, I did all the bill-paying and taxes, and if there was anything left over for a small vacation or a purchase for the house, I handled that too.
Television show: I'm not that into TV, but I'm a shameless "Real Housewife" fan -- I really just love Bravo in general. Andy Cohen is just brilliant. I was also totally and hopelessly addicted to LOST when it was on.
bear multi- coloured shopping
Hello, or Howdy as I may soon be saying. My name is Joseph Granado, but most of campus knows me as Juicy J. After 5 years at UTSA, my time here has finally come to an end. I will be transferring to a different graduate program at Texas A&M University, and I wanted to go out with a bang before leaving. So I thought to myself, what could I possibly be involved with that exemplifies who I am as a person. The answer was quite simple, I enjoy dancing and working with kids. This is when FTK (For the Kids Dance Marathon at UTSA) was brought to my attention. I remember watching multiple videos about the organization and knew it was a good fit for me. Not only did I become a new member of the organization, but a large leadership opportunity became available as well. After a quick interview and my enthusiasm regarding innovation, I became the Morale Overall Chairperson for FTK this year.
The car pulled to a stop in front of the hospital entrance. A panicked young woman got out and unbuckled her three-year old son from his car seat. Although I couldn’t see inside, I pictured her fingers fumbling, shaking, as she tried to free him from the straps. It seemed like an eternity before she was able to gather the boy in her arms.
I went for a swimming workout tonight, against all odds and excuses. I was exhausted. Charlie was asleep so I could be going to bed early instead. Oh, what's that I see out my window? A heavy snowfall? But I still climbed into my car and rolled out of the driveway. Only to discover a block later that I left my goggles and swimming gear in the garage. I turned around, and then still headed for the workout. The water in the pool was freezing. They might as well have opened up the outdoor pool. I jumped in anyway, cursing the cold, and pushed off the wall.
I didn't use a lot of embellishments (shocking for me!) on this layout, other than the diecuts from their ephemera package and their wooden spool buttons. I pop dotted some of the diecuts and squares for dimension too.
- additional oil for brushing
Riggs offers various accounts of the appearance and frightening behavior of strange creatures that in the Big Thicket are called “wild men,” but that elsewhere in the world are referred to as “Bigfoot,” “Sasquatch,” “wooly boogers,” “raggedy men,” “route monsters,” “skunk apes,” “Yeti,” and “roogaroos.” Sightings of these creatures have been reported in parts of the American South as far back as the 1860s, and in Southeast Texas as far back as the days of the earliest white settlers. There seems no general agreement, however, as to whether these creatures are closer in form to apes or to men.
2) In the first eleven chapters of Genesis we have the record from creation to the call of Abram, about 2100 years. Israel was Abraham’s grandson. About 70 souls out of the loins of Jacob (Israel) went to Egypt about 1900 B.C. More than one million Israelites came out of Egypt about 1500 B.C. Exodus 1:5, and Exodus 12:37.
Love Ain’t For Keeping
TRIGGER WARNING: A lot of you are going to be very angry that this card is not in the top 5. I'm sorry. This was a tough damn choice for me. I promise that you will only see epicness from here on out. Imagine an alternate universe where we all have 6 fingers on each hand and use a base 12 number system. This card is definitely worthy of the Top 6 in that universe. Ok, here we go:
Self explanatory. Still embracing happiness as often as I can. It’s still a daily thought process, but it’s amazing what it can do for you!
The top-down scanning mechanism is potentially more useful for burglary cases, in that most areas will have a number of usual suspects known to engage in certain types of crime repeatedly. Locking up a single one of these offenders will prevent a large number of burglaries while they are incarcerated. However, given that new burglars are presumably coming into existence all the time, even these top-down sweeps will often wrongly rule out actual culprits. Worse, unless the number of potential culprits can be greatly reduced in this fashion, it is not obvious that the time of the police is well used in questioning known recidivists in the hope that they let something slip. Thus it is that the clearance rate for burglary is largely a result of individuals asking for large numbers of former offences to be taken into account when the long arm of the law finally catches up with them selling off stolen goods or sneaking out of someone's house.
Fiction sells better than non-fiction, but it is even more difficult to get published. Almost bloody impossible, in fact.
don’t need to go to an actual baseball game to do this; you can rely on your memory of a previous game OR just make up what you think the player should look like. NOTE: We will not be addressing portraits today.
It's funny what a person will proclaim they are, until they aren't. I remember exclaiming to no one in particular, back when I was only four feet tall and a facetious age, that Snickers bars were God's gift to children (and cavity anti-prevention) and that I would be loyal and true till death do us part. Well, Snickers is still alive and kicking, but at age 23 or 24 I discovered what real chocolate was, and it certainly does not involve an Iowa corn farmer, flavorings that require a focus group or laboratory produced colors with a number for a name. You'd think chocolate would be brown because, its um, chocolate. But the same fickle tendencies can be said about die hard vegans. When Thanksgiving rolls around and the dense autumn aroma is an inescapable fog, you might find yogi skinny-peachy-faced Lucy upstairs in the dark musky attic huddling over a plate of crusted lamb shanks. I do believe in being humane and all that good stuff, but I say we all take it down a notch and not take life so seriously.
This could not simply be ascribed to crime.
And the Army won't. Because its senior leaders are so sick with political correctness that pandering to America haters is safer than calling terrorism "terrorism."
AN EXTRACT FROM SOMETHING I AM WRITING..
My summer with the Writing Project renewed by passion for writing. The experience grew my confidence as a teacher of writing and connected me with teachers who became important players in my professional life. When I think back about the writing demonstration lessons we created, I amazed not only at their breadth but also at how they foreshadowed our futures as educators. We wrote about space by reading about space and creating A to Z books about space. We created concept maps about ecology and used them to write a short story (mine is title "Reintroduction of Grizzly Bears into the Wilderness"). We wrote about food and memory and the human body and American immigration and the Revolutionary war and even math.
I allow you to come and see my beauty
So the precedent was set with the very first athlete to use the Wild Card as Michael Johnson did NOT compete at the 1997 National Championships!
to use good literature as a prime learning tool
Why didn’t my mother want me?
Today, Keukenhof is still the largest flower garden in the world and has been visited by 52 million people since it opened its doors in 1949. Every year there is a incredible amount of work done on the grounds before the opening in the month of March, since around 7 million bulbs are planted and all the grass (a total of around 7000 kilos!), including that under the trees, is replaced.
I live anonymously
Koozies in their place as are styrofoam cups and plasticwear.
If the story were told in chronological order, the movie would show its flaws quite readily. For instance, played in order, there is no real character arc. Guy Pierce’s character is just floating along on a vendetta that he’s barely invested in, having only assumptions based on tattoos. If played chronologically, the film has no resolution in relationships between characters. You would see Carrie Ann Moss be mean to Guy Pierce, then sleep with him, then help him, then nothing. There is no real resolution. In fact, and I’m sure this is deliberate, Carrie Ann Moss’ character only fits the “femme fatale” archetype when played in reverse, because if you play the film in order, she fits more the romantic interest type.
10. You Got A Reputation
So here’s the thing. What if celebs were beers – who would be who? If there were Logies style awards for beer, who would take the top gongs. “Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Beer Worlds night of nights – The Brewgies!”
The bottom line is this. Monsanto creates genetically modified seed, which they patent and sell to large-scale production farmers, often called, "factory farms." The seed includes a gene that is specific, such as the Round-up Ready® gene that allows the farmer to plant corn seed, and once it emerges, spray the entire field with the herbicide, Round-Up® and all the weeds are killed, while the crop is not. Sounds groovy, right? But here's the problem. The genetically-modified seed with the added gene, can replicate itself. Not only can it replicate, it does so readily. The pollen can drift into nearby fields, onto organic farms, into your backyard. Monsanto has been aggressive in testing nearby fields of farmers who are not using their patented seed. If they find the genes of the genetically-modified seed in a neighboring field, they sue that farmer for patent infringement, even though the farmer never planted Monsanto's seed, and could not have prevented the Monsanto gene from jumping the fence and contaminating his crops. Through no fault of their own, the farmer gets sued for the contamination that came from a Monsanto-planted field. That's like someone comes along and dumps a pile of garbage in your front yard, then sues you because it's on your front lawn!
Here are some ideas, you might find others that work for you.
All the Moroi have magic and they can wield, earth, wind, fire or water. But not Lissa, it turns out, she has Spirit magic, which is really rare. She is also good at compulsion, a side effect of using spirit, just as healing people. The downside is that using spirit drains Lissa and makes her depressed. And can turn her crazy in the end.
I hope you will join in with us, Enjoy the blog hop.
1 lb country style pork ribs, boneless
You may recall, dear reader, that the defenders of Kachas Pass, Ashak Rise, Linden Way, and indeed Orc's Drift itself are immune from routing in these scenarios. With this in mind it is clear that fear is my greatest foe as I can expect as many of my orcs to rout as to actually succumb to wounds.
Bible, O.T.—History of Biblical Events
Oh it’s that time of year again, when the smell of burning rubber and burning oil waft gently towards one’s nose..and the gentle sounds of Boogety Boogety Boogety fill one’s ears…yes indeed, it’s racing time again!!!
b. Crookedness
-Paul Springer (8:15 3k)
5. The Great Gig In The Sky 6:33
The ‘Old Dogs’ of the title are a pair of jewel-encrusted, gold statues that are to be displayed in a Glasgow museum.
Well, here comes the kink in the plans. On Saturday 11/6/11 we were at the NCSU vs UNC football game and I noticed a little "spotting"... didn't think much of it because we were having an AMAZING time and my team NCSU won. Side note, this was the highlight of the "weekend", thus why I put weekend warriors because, well, it was the longest weekend ever, eventhough the worst part happend on monday.
for thousands of years and cherry stones have been found at Bronze Age sites throughout Europe.
Meanwhile, a dairy-farming family in Maryland is getting prosecuted by the federal government for "structuring" - breaking up bank deposits into deposits of less than $10,000 at a time to avoid scrutiny. But former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer got a free pass for the very same offense, even though he (unlike the hapless dairy farmers) used the practice in order to hide criminal activity, making his actions much worse.
Open arms for me receiving,
The proactive section describes the preparation needed to survive a long-term electrical blackout lasting months/years. At the individual level this section discusses in depth: water storage, watertreatment, long-term food storage, food preparation and cooking, lighting, sanitation, cold weather considerations, alternate electrical power, medical emergencies and security. At the governmental level, the plan discusses: service stations, traffic lights, emergency communications, old standard equipment, emergency system design, satellite hardening, spacecraft shielding, electrical grid design, backup grid assets, power restoration priority and the breakdown in banking and the financial system.
Part of the influence of heavily serialised shows like Mad Men has been to render any show that engages in procedural elements “dumbed down”: lumping everything in with the CSI mould of case-of-the-week and glacial, false character development when an episode deems it necessary. But to discard every piece of procedural drama as being such is to do a dis-service to shows like ER, Homicide: Life On The Street and even Buffy (though that was more monster-of-the-week). Hell, you might as well discard The Twilight Zone if you believe that a new story in each episode represents a betrayal of the medium of television.
“Okay,” she finally whispered. “That sounds wonderful.”
What Defense gets, though, with the Notice of Intent is a six month heads start on compiling their case because the Plaintiff has to wait 182 days to file. Defense gets a six month buffer before they even have to start their case.
The Ultimate Gift ... Hallmark Channel ... 8 AM
Steam Native Linux Client Near? Gabe Newell Trashes Windows 8? – If you’re a Linux buff, you already know how to get Steam working under the scrappy Unix-like operating system using intermediary connectors like Wine, but as any Wine user knows, game performance generally suffers. What about a native Linux client, long rumored but so far a no-show?
He could have continued:
warms each heavy drop
1.) Extended Exhalation (Regular breathing – with awareness) Come into a position of sitting where you feel comfortable and grounded into your pelvis…..You may like to sit on a bolster, or up against the wall for support…… Close your eyes, if you like, and watch your breath moving in and out of your body naturally. Take a moment to really watch your breath and feel your body being breathed….. Start to let your body weight drop down into your pelvis and feel your connection to the Earth….continue watching your breathe, and allowing it to flow through you….If your mind begins to wander, that’s completely normal, just when you notice that it is, bring your focus back to your breath without any judgment. ….Allow your shoulders and arms to relax and notice your back and spine supporting you and see about releasing any tension it may be holding. Let’s stay here a few moments and just breathe, relax, feel, watch and allow….our breath to be as it is…..
This afternoon, Vic and I popped into see Trish and Teresa of Tales of the Fallen for a close up of their lovely collection. Beautiful cotton, lace inserts, stretch leather (the skirt is freaking amazing) and a really pretty rope-nautical print.
I can manage that. I drink a minimum of 1 litre of water a day anyway.
2. The Secret Powers-What Every Rose Grower Should Know (Self-Released)
Rarity helps, especially in a recession. Between 2005 and 2009, nine works by this Pop pioneer wound up in the auction houses' major evening sales and they all sold, for roughly $13.3 million combined. That same number of pieces hit the evening sales this past week, thanks largely to a consignment of pieces owned by the late author Michael Crichton.
“Get outside and get some fresh air!” She would yell. Mom was a yeller. Not in a bad way. She was hearty and enthusiastic. She also had a wonderful, witty, dry sense of humor.
The mattress actually felt better on the floor than in the bed frame. It surprised me how well I slept. The quite was a comfort and not at all as lonely as you would expect. Her scent was still on the sheets, I should have washed them or burned them. The morning after was refreshing. I was about to embark on a journey most men dream about or see in films.
Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Syria, Lebanon, Somalia… care to guess who owns the water and mineral rights for these victims of the U.S. military-backed dollar?
I'll have a 'smashing' day, MichelleM. *wink* Thanks for all your help. And ideas.
This is my latest painting called "Joy". I've been away from the easel and computer lately because I'm involved in a different painting project. Not my favorite though. I've been prepping and painting the master bathroom. It's not nearly as satisfying as painting oil paintings:)
Game over with a final score of 14-10 for our team.
Yeah yeah; you say "Cylons", I say "Silver-Plated Darth Vaders".
Q: Why does Michael Jackson like twenty eight year olds?
- leather lining
8.Donate old toys and clothes. As your kids and your family grow older, you’re eventually going to outgrow your clothes and move onto better toys. But instead of letting them sit on a dusty shelf or throwing them away, be sure to donate them to younger cousins, friends of the family, or Salvation Army.
While there will always be down times of sadness and scandal in the world of sports, there will always be times of incredible highs and elation. As sports fans we should take notice of joy in moments like a professional league draft, the victories of the playoffs, and the triumphs of those who break records.
Not having the mental capacity on such a day to deal with pattern pieces, an effervescent toddler and Mr. Roly Poly (oh yes....the little man has a new moniker now that he can roll all over the place!) I decided to wing it. And here's how we did it. Take one Oliver-la and lay him down onto the open end of a vintage pillowcase. Make sure his feet hang over the bottom as the hem of the pillowcase is going to be the hem of his pants. Trés sneaky I know. Cut around Oliver-la's legs leaving enough room for his fluff (the pants in the pictures ended up a wee bit snug so for the other ones we allowed a much bigger seam allowance)
2. Heat the olive oil in a large pan and add the onions. Cook for about 4 minutes, until nice and soft. Add a clove of garlic here if you like.
The release swarms all over the senses from its opening notes, its prowling lumbering mass veined with some ear catching melodic asides and acidic creativity which do not leap out of the oppressive swamp of sound but spark within the hefty mass. The vocals of Fredrick are very impressive, heavily influenced by her idol Jinx Dawson of Coven she has a captivation and siren like charm which pulls one eagerly into the sprawling sludge of riffs and sound. Her style actually brings thoughts and spicery of L7 and early Siouxsie & The Banshees to the songs to bring a distinct and intriguing element that is new and different to other same genre bands.
For me – this is definitely one of the most anticipated games of 2011. Ever since Bioshock 1, Irrational Games, have been pulling a lot of attention. Published by 2K games this game could easily be on of the top contenders for Game of the Year 2012. If you’ve ever played the Bioshock series, you know that the art style and environments are in top detail and the whole feeling of being in another world are very much real. Ken Levine and his team has really proven themselves again, by the looks of the trailers and teasers released so far, and this new trailer holds the attention with a firm grip. Set in the sky in the city of Columbia featuring a very specific art style and great story telling – this game seems worth the hype.
We can therefore never be too careful when it comes to the protection of life in the workplace. That is why I adopt the phrase “remember the dead and fight for the living” which Unite is promoting as part of the events of 28th April co-sponsored by the Government and to which people from across the Community and across the political divide have been invited.
8. Gene Austin - Jam House Blues
The dirty Frenchies are eating them, too, as they will eat any old shite. They are an imported delicacy in France, and the stinky frog-eaters compare these horrid, one-inch long ants to caviar. This is not a fair comparison, as caviar is a lovely food, and does not, as my husband insists, taste like semen. Please do not ask me how he knows what semen tastes like. I do not want to know myself.
He's underneath the window, she's singing, "Hey la, my boyfriend's back.
~Yields 4 servings.
Veil, J.A. and Grunewald, B. (1993). Closure of shallow underground injection wells. Report no. ANL/EA/CP–79596. NTIS order no. DE94000445. Argonne National Laboratory, Washington, DC. pp. 11.
Pretty simple. But the results, I think, are very helpful to me as a Gamesmaster. I can now look at the map and it reminds me of a ton of stuff that will be helpful to remember during the next Campaign. :)
7. What has been your biggest challenge?
They then have to evaluate assertions about themselves, such as ‘I always honour people’s trust in me’ and ‘I am good at exercising self-control’. Those taking part then receive a report naming them as one of six personality types – Philosopher, Judge, Angel, Teacher, Enforcer or Guardian.
Winning Design Star and getting my own TV show is an incredible new job, a job that was 10 steps ahead of what I was doing before, an unbelievable promotion in every way, but just a job.
That, of course, is exactly how Breivik views his own actions, in fact Breivik goes further, he does not only consider the Norwegian government to be oppressing his people, he believes the government is actively engaged in a deliberate act of genocide against his people.
We don’t know down the road what will happen and can we cope with sudden changes which under nature’s systems takes generations to accomplish while giving time for the new speciment and its surrounding to adjust or die off?Perhaps its only right we are now trying concretize going into other planets just incase things go wrong here on earth.
I went ahead and hemmed it, and I cannot WAIT to play with this idea some more.
Allows me to be complex
I'd sleep soundly at night. I wouldn't worry about my son and I wouldn't give a second thought to Iran's uranium enrichment programme, the continuing economic crisis or any of the other things that flitter through my mind at four o'clock in the morning.
Wow, maybe it's time to buy her a bookshelf.
This is one I've been trying to get my hands on for a while, because whenever I tell people porter is my favorite style, the next question is if I have had Founders Porter. So I must admit, even before the first sip, the bar is set very high.
02. Very Ape
– goods coming from a non-member State which are imitations of goods protected in the European Union by a trade mark right or copies of goods protected in the European Union by copyright, a related right or a design cannot be classified as ‘counterfeit goods’ or ‘pirated goods’ within the meaning of those regulations merely on the basis of the fact that they are brought into the customs territory of the European Union under a suspensive procedure;
very big eyes was hatched----I had no idea what an impact
SAVE STUDENT METROCARD PROGRAM, CRUCIAL SERVICE, AND MTA JOBS –
In any case, be expecting a couple more posts from me, at least – particularly as the semester starts to wind down and it begins to really hit me that I’m going home. That’ll be another fun ride, I’m sure (DAG NABBIT DIDN’T I JUST GET OFF THE STUDY ABROAD ROLLER COASTER?! WHAT DO YOU MEAN I HAVE TO GET BACK ON IT?! WHAT THE HECK!!!!!!!!!!!!).
Atkinson is also alleged to have sent nude pictures of herself to the boy from her cell phone.
Think deeply, dear brother in Islam, how Allah (swt) encourages the spirit to make His Word superior and to protect the weak, and to rescue the oppressed ones. Also think deeply how Jihad is connected with Salat (prayers) and Saum (fasting). It is made obvious that Jihad similar to both of them, and all the three (Jihad, Salat and Saum) are ordained (by Allah) for the believers. See how Allah has encouraged the cowardly men to plunge themselves into the battles, to face death with an open heart and to run madly for it (Jihad) with great encouragement showing clearly to them that death will certainly overtake them and in case they die as Mujahidin (Martyrs) they will compensated for their worldly life with a mighty compensation and they will not be dealt with unjustly in the very least.
"Finally, recent studies show that genetic factors may predispose individuals to a genetic susceptibility to FM. For some, the onset of FM is slow; however, in a large percentage of persons the onset is triggered by an illness or injury that causes trauma to the body. These events may elicit an undetected physiological problem already present."
Dang. Musta dozed off for a while. God, it’s hot, and dry. Could amble over to that water thing and have a drink or two. But I’d probably just get hottern I am so why bother. Could get under them trees off yonder but then I’d have to go twice as far to get back to the water thing so what’s the use. ‘sides I’d just get hot and want to go get some water anyway, and what’s the use goin’ there and then comin back right away to get some water. Nahh, I’ll just stay here for a while, but getting pretty thirsty. Wonder how long fore that two-legged thing comes out an dumps some food in the trough. That’s worth movin for. Then I could get a drink and mosey on down to the shade. That’ll work.
Unless...................he's getting better at keeping surprises........
Lamula insists that the officers are the same men who assaulted and hijacked her.
method and ease in learning,
The first two are the same stile from opposite sides. The churchyard ground was higher than the field below, which had sheep.
As far as the actual story goes, there is not much to be said that is not expected. Amy Dudley, Robert Dudley, and Elizabeth are at the foremost of the story as their little weird love triangle evolved, with William Cecil looking on. The characterization of the “lovers” makes you shudder (fluttering eyelids, etc.), and the intensity of the love between Dudley and Elizabeth is bordering on absurd. Which is the reason I didn’t want to read the book before. But this is coming from someone who has read many, many Tudor themed books before, and perhaps for a newbie to the era who has not come to admire Elizabeth I as much as I do would not be so turned off from Gregory’s telling. It was Gregory, after all, who pulled me into the Tudor courts of intrigue and sexual exploits with her rendition of The Other Boleyn Girl in the first place. If I had read The Virgin’s Lover after Gregory’s The Boleyn Inheritance a few years ago, I may have had a much better chance of enjoying this one.
“I think he has better sense than to get involved in some harebrained scheme to save the tutors. I seriously doubt he’ll do anything to require locking him up. But if I have to, I will.” And just how do you think you think you’d be able to accomplish that? he asked himself, shaking his head at his own stupidity. Someone’s going to get hurt if they do anything to rile Major Cornwell. But just how far wrong are they?
Here it is: This is a Warhammer 40k Vehicle Conversion Contest. If it's in any Codex or Forge World publication, has an Armour Facing Value and is designed for use in a 2000pt army, it's eligible.
“He’s a great representative,” Ms. Sklarz said. “Many people only know of transgender, I guess, from watching Chaz Bono on ‘Dancing With the Stars.’ Mel Wymore brings a much different, broader experience.”
How many cards to you usually send out each year?
Joining in with Multiple Mum for the Weekend Rewind Blog Hop Linky thingy... do join in!
so this is my last night in seattle and i think i saw the most things that you should have on a sightseeing tour in downtown. i had a map, but i never looked a it and allways walked with no plan in my mind around…i think it was the most fun. an exciting bulding was the libary by Rem Koolhaas: what a huge and spacy thing! i really liked the wide proportions, the colorfull enviroment and there are still discreet places for study. good work!
Poets, I salute you.
I admit I had quite a lot of fun with these, especially with two of them being much better than I thought! Trying colours for fun will help me use them in the future ;)
to be 100% wool or
And this morning, I was greeted by this when I came downstairs.
"He's not fat... but he's got good reserves. What I'm saying is, it wouldn't do him that much harm to go a day without food."
Then, the day before we came home reality reared its ugly head. I received two calls on my cell, on from my doctor and one from Goldie's speech therapy provider. I returned the call to my doctor, but decided to wait until we got home to deal with the other one. There's something that just isn't right about being put on hold while you're at the beach. The receptionist was so not impressed when I told her where we were.
As someone who struggles with the same issue, I feel your pain. Increasingly, scientific studies suggest that eating activates the same brain areas that are the primary targets of drugs of abuse, and foods high in sugar, fat and certain carbohydrates are especially likely to stimulate our brain in ways that can become addictive. It is not for nothing that the modern Western diet –which is higher in sugar than any diet in history — has taken the world by storm. Across the long years of human evolution sweet things were hard to find so we have all evolved a keen appreciation for these items that tends to betray us in the modern world.
Oddly, I still don’t know the truth of it. It seems unreal at times. Was I really that woman? That woman who watched a man slowly die, who wanted the suffering to end, yet whose love was so ineffectual she couldn’t make him well or take away a single moment of his pain? That woman so connected to another human being she still feels broken nine months after his death? That woman who screamed the pain of her loss to the winds?
“We stand together to denounce the Komen Foundation’s withdrawal of funding from Planned Parenthood,” said Council Member Melissa Mark-Viverito. “Planned Parenthood’s efforts save lives by providing health services including breast cancer screening to women. This should not be a pro-choice, anti-choice issue but an issue of protecting women’s health, and on that count, the Komen Foundation’s decision is shameful.”
After race I walked through the line to cool down and grab my banana, apple, bagel, and MEDAL! Yep, I got to rock a medal for my hard work and training. The day before when I picked up my running bib I received my tech shirt. Over all I had a blast and looking forward to training for my next race, a half marathon! Training starts.......Wednesday after a little rest and yoga.
sneaked a quick trip to Sun Lik today since i had some time to while away before a meeting at 4pm! got some sugar decos, so will be working on some cupcakes this weekend if possible
Lily, the Petit Basset Griffon Vendeen, has been getting some idea what it must be like to be a Grand Bassett Griffon Vendeen.
I sigh, “Well seeing as yesterday Jay told me you have agreed a new book client I am going to spend most of the day working on a promotional plan. The rest of the day is wondering how the hell I am going to fit in this plan with only a month notice.”
Sci-fi scholars seem to differ on the point whether or not the genre can indeed be called a genre. The Swedish writer John-Henri Holmberg states in his book Inre landskap och yttre rymd (translated freely into Inner landscape and outer space) that sci-fi incorporates forms of other story telling like the detective story, the romance, war tales etc. and that there is no definite definition of what sci-fi is. Others have a pretty clear idea of what they consider to be science fiction: a depiction of a scientific machine, discovery etc. that is new and that somehow changes society and the world, for better or for worse. There are different sub-genres as well, like the space opera (in which character relationships and dramatic events just “happen” to be set in space, like Star Wars) or cyberpunk in which the scientific part is represented by a virtual reality, like Tron or The Matrix, not to mention feminist sci-fi as well as works whose themes centre around gender, religion, race and so on.
Which actually isn't that good a thing, since there is no way I'm narrowing it down to ten.
Melanie Louise De Vere, 30, London, England
I backed up a little to photograph the towers with the lake in the foreground. The thirty minutes that I spent wandering around in the grounds of this inspiring place, will be forever, a happy memory. As I strolled around, I chatted to a few folks who were getting it ready for the upcoming season. I sensed a pleasant vibe. If you want a bit more information on where I was, would you kindly click on this link, The History of Alton Towers. You will note is more than just a 'funfair', so much more.
So tomorrow off we go...Louie, the eldest bear was born in Louisiana in 2004, a gift from Mary Ann for my Birthday. He's anxious to get back home for a spell and like me, looking forward to a begniet at Cafe du Monde in New Orleans... It is an original French Market Coffee Stand "World famous for its cafe' au lait, beignets, and the opportunity to people watch." I am salivating just looking at the photo of a plate of Beignets....
But you will have kept your promise, until death do us part, because you have never broken it. Not once. No matter what I did, or what I did not do but should have done.
The other day I was looking for something random… I can’t recall now what it was… but I came across this article about how the internet has some websites that promote eating disorders. A sad truth, and unfortunately not one that probably surprises any of us. But I kept seeing the article mention anorexia and bulemia (mainly because these are both disorders that “allow” someone to become extremely thin and so someone might have a website on “how” to be extremely thin)… and it just made me start to think… when will overeating be in that list of widely recognizable eating disorders. Because in my opinion, America’s obesity rates are not due to McDonald’s and Pop Tarts (although, it certainly can be said that neither of those are helping the obesity trends), but due to overeating. Whether it be overeating at three meals a day, overeating by grazing all day, or overeating by not eating all day and then consuming way more than needed in one sitting, overeating is the cause.
“That you-” Max cut me off.
I guess this is where immigration comes in as news of the most recent census tells us Canada's population grew primarily because of it, providing two-thirds of new citizens and giving Canada the lead among the G8 in population growth. They have to live somewhere so it is assumed immigrants will provide the demand for new and existing housing keeping prices stable and rising, construction workers steadily employed, land developers and real estate speculators rich, and Canada's ethnic vote pandering political parties and the immigration industry happy. It's win, win, win, everyone wins. Why else would the reigning Conservative government keep immigration levels high during a sever economic downturn when real unemployment is in the double digits, steady well paying jobs are scarce, and precarious work is on the rise?
After the shower, back downstairs to prepare the much looked forward to, Saturday Egg Fest!
“How did your mother sound when you called her,” I asked Sverre over my glass of chardonnay.
And we’ll leave you with bust after the boom
# Set names of path & date
“But you got married,” said MV.
When thinking about buying a dice bag from Dragon Chow, I inquired if I could get a bag with Iddy the Lich, my blog’s mascot, on the fabric for the bag. She told me it was certainly possible and she worked up a few options for me. The final product is exactly what I wanted, and it forced my old dice bag to retreat and weep tears of despair.
Connor and Tanis attended the presentation training delivered by MBARC and continued working on their ‘pitch’ to the sex dragons during L.Q.Y.G group sessions. They also met regularly with each other, their youth worker and others from L.Q.Y.G outside of group times to make sure they had everything ready to deliver their presentation to the ‘sex dragons’ at Grand Final.
Well, it is perfectly easy to find out that the plantation now belongs largely to WTK’s subsidiary, Biofresh Produce Plantations Sdn Bhd. Nevertheless, it continues to be registered by the Land & Survey Department under the same address as Eastbourne!
To find myself surrounded,
When most parents search to find childhood heroes for their children, you have one who lives with you every single day. There is no greater hero than a man or woman who serves his or her country. For four years, mommy and daddy were so lucky to live among these brave men and women in Beaufort, SC. Knowing that they were entering the Marine Corps during a time of war, each week we would get to see these brave recruits come to Parris Island so that they could be made into a Marine. Each and every time I entered the gates of PI, I was overcome by a sense of gratitude the likes of which I had never experienced before.
If you were reading a book with the children, (any book at all!), you could then pull up real pictures of the city that the author was talking about. For example, if you are reading Make Way for Ducklings, then you could show the children Boston and the Boston Commons park that the ducks walk through, etc. If you were reading Chicka Chicka Boom Boom, you could pull up an island with coconut trees, etc. This is a neat application I had not thought about, and it reminds me a lot of watching an episode of Reading Rainbow! There is also a website called Google Lit Trips that has some neat “tours” already mapped out for some books. That means that a teacher already did the work for you and found the places on Google Earth that go along with each book on their list. All you have to do is download the file and click on it, and the kids will be able to look at the real places from the stories that they have on their list. The problem is that their list is currently pretty short. I only recognized one K-5 book on it so far: Make Way for Ducklings, by Robert McCloskey. However, it is currently a free service, which is great! Click on the link to take a look at the Google Earth tour of the book.
I mentioned Paul Revere – when he went on his midnight ride, it was for the purpose of warning the people that the British were marching to Lexington to arrest Sam Adams and John Hancock, then on to Concord to confiscate the weapons stored there by the Minuteman. By the time they got to Concord, they found the Minuteman waiting for them, weapons in hand. They fired at the British, fought them, and beat them. From that battle came the American Revolution. There’s an Arabic word to describe what those Minutemen did that day. That word is: JIHAD, and this is what my trial was about.
9-Would you break the law to save a loved one?
Me: “Oh, She-sus (lady Jesus), Mother of God, Sweet Mother Divine, Lord our Savior, Harriet in the Heavens Above, I’m going to have to devein these!! I will not eat shrimp poop. This is not Lesbian Survivor!”
I do have the use of a laptop, but that laptop has been the source of irritation ever since I bought it. It has never worked properly and has had just about every component replaced. It does work well enough to get by on until I figure out which Mac is right for me, but I had never bothered to try and connect it to my printer or scanner.
I love sharing my ideas and techniques with everyone here, and I so appreciate all the wonderful comments.
Our next stop was lunch. We ate at a Mongolian BBQ place. You get a bowl and fill it with meat, the veggies of your choice, and then they put on sauce, top it with a ton of noodles and then this guy working a flat top grill takes it and cooks it. After it’s made it around the grill to its starting place they take it off and give it back to you. YUM!!!
Our Internet and telephone service decided it was time to take leave of absence this past week, and poof.... just like that we were void of connecting to the world of cyberspace and all of it's wonders.
I packed a fishing line and counted on it
I was waltzing the door.
Babyboy -- a remote control dog
Hit the gym this morning for my 1 hr workout with Adam... and my legs are wobbbbly. Wheeew my butt is tired. It feels good to get pushed beyond what I would push myself. I am definitely seeing results already... down 5 pounds on the gym scale since last Saturday.
Stay tuned.....more good stuff on its way...:)
what will we best remember? The orchestras that shaped us,
The interiors of the Mausoleum are cool and light filters in through white marble screens fitted to the red sandstone arches. While the red and white effect is quite striking from the outside, the light filtering in from the screens lights up the richly decorated interiors with a soft glow. I can see many tombs in small chambers leading off from the central vault. The guide informs me that these are the tombs of other members of the royal family, including those of Shakrul Nisha Begum and Aram Bano, Akbar’s daughters.
The research released today was conducted by the Veritas Initiative, which issued a groundbreaking report on prosecutorial misconduct in California last year. The group reviewed all of the published trial and appellate court decisions addressing allegations of prosecutorial misconduct between 2004-2008. To see what, if any, consequences prosecutors face for their misconduct, Veritas looked at Texas’ public attorney disciplinary records from 2004 to November 2011.
By Suzanne Woods Fisher
Apparently the way to counteract the war on freedom of association is to . . . attack others’ freedom of association. Whatever happened to that bedrock principle of free-market economics — freedom to choose whom you do business with?
The funniest thing is that in the beginning of my Airleaf Victims campaign when I sent my letters to authors about being cheated by Airleaf, at least 80% of them were complaining about Brien Jones and not about Airleaf. He was the salesman who made promises to take their book to fame and fortune as he happily took their money but somehow ignored them after he drained them. In those days, I defended him to the hilt because I didn’t know any better. I believed his lies that he was a victim of Airleaf just like me. But getting back to the point, I didn’t have the list of 3,000 so there was no way for me to contact the other potential victims until recently. At this time, it would serve no purpose to contact authors because Airleaf is closed.
For all you do stamp
I called my almond shortbread "almond snowball" because this was the name of the cookie as printed in "Okashi Treats" by keiko ishida". The cookie looked pretty much like a snowball and is one of my favourite type of cookie because I love the melt-in-your mouth texture. It is sometimes called "russian teacakes" or "mexican wedding cakes". Unlike melting moments, which is quite similar but contains only flour and sometimes corn starch to produce this a melt-in-your-mouth texture immediately when you put it into your mouth, this recipe replaces some of the flour with almond meal that gives a more crunchy exterior and melts in your mouth only when you have bite into the interior. I actually prefer this kind of texture bcause it is not so fragile especially when you are packing it in little cookie bags, and it will not stick into your teeth that much. :)
Shoes: Fluevog Rivers
Strictly Bi : Am I A Swinger? You Tell Me! - Jamie Joy Gatto
Sorry for the neglect and late posting! Finals season is coming into full swing at Wisconsin Law, and though I only have two to worry about, my schedule is pretty packed with work, working out, and working on studying. Without further adieu, here are this week’s challenges:
11 Earthling - Nothingness (10:02)
Oh Mum, I'm being punished. My punishment is exile. It's already been seven years, can you believe that? It's a huge price to pay, to not be there in the last years of your health and beauty and probably mine too. Oh Mum, how expensive life is when you fuck up, and it's worse, and it's hopeless, and it hurts even more, because we both know, and we've always known, I'm as guilty as all sin in hell.
I left I actually ran out because I felt like beating my so-called friend up but I thought to myself He’s not worth going to jail I have a lot to lose if I end up behind bars… I arrived back home the next day to a Good bye John, letter This crushed my heart even more I started shouting at God, why are you doing this to me… I started to drink after drinking for 2 weeks I started to listen to the back street boys Quit Play Games With My Heart the song actually became my new misery song…
doesn't know about the game we play
Breeders Cannonball US
*** Spin impressionable students in a whirlwind of sexual confusion and misinformation, even peer pressure to “experiment” with the homosexual “lifestyle;”
ROM 1:18 For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness;
But my luck wore out on Saturday. Perhaps I was thinking about it too much, or maybe the lingering pregnancy weight affected my momentum; either way, I found myself with too much momentum and too little courage. Not practiced enough to adequately control my speed, I varied between two different approaches: tedious switchbacks and a full-throttle beeline to the bottom. The first technique frequently led to mishaps. Not turning sharply or smoothly enough often left me face-first in a snowbank, butt in the air, with one ski skidding down the mountain ahead of me, like a disdainful teenager trying to lose his parent in the crowded mall. The beeline “technique” always led to a combination of prayers and cursing as I sped past the contemptuous eight-year-olds with perfect form, screaming through clenched teeth “SCARED! I’m so SKEEERD. Oh, God, TOO FAST!” Fortunately, I never completely wiped out after one of those, though I did question the sagacity of getting back on the lift after God had already granted my less-than-eloquent prayers for survival.
With Little Steven and his Underground Garage showing up to stoke the garage fire plus the pioneering 60 psychedelic rocker, Roky Ericson, and the garage godfathers, The Sonics, playing, the theme really chose me. Unlike all the other bands who want to sound like they're from the 60's, the Sonics are the the real deal from the 60's. In 1965, their sound may have been ahead of it's time and that's maybe why you've never heard of them. Give them their due on Friday at 8PM at Emo's Main Room.
As her softness rest on my firmness,
Hello Readers! I have a great giveaway for you - Digital Scrapbooking Software from My Memories. The software is valued at $40.00. The winner will receive a code which can be used on the My Memories website upon checkout.
“For the things that we run because of all sorts of safety reasons, we just have a policy it is my understanding of not taking donations,” Bloomberg said.
Hobbing Machine
604 D-X/31/1970. “On Again Becoming Persona Non Grata: Greece Today and an Entrenched Dictatorship.” Conference on Greek Affairs, The University of the State of New York, Albany, New York.
Asheville exists effortlessly. It boldly inhabits the artistic spaces that so many other cities marginalize through bizarre zoning and an uncomfortably excessive rule of law. Guitarists, mandolin players, and all sorts of dilettantes of Eastern string instruments riddle the sidewalk. Asheville was founded as a sort of liaison between expanding white settlements and the Cherokee nation. This imbues the streets with Western quality. The casual milling of people resting between adventures mixing with the happy simplicity of musicians, writers, artists, and tattooed baristas (who are usually beautiful young women, I’ve never ordered so many double shots of espresso) basking in a warm vibrant culture.
My favourite though is car language. It’s the absolute worst but also the funniest. My husband is what you might call an angry driver. One day, after a particularly trying ikea session we were heading home and some poor driver hesitated for a second on the roundabout. Dear old hubby seems to have forgotten our almost 3year old perched in the back soaking up whatever comes his way because he shouts “come on you pussy” to the driver in front. Silence ensues throughout the car. I glanced at hubby, who it has suddenly dawned on what he has done and we both look forward again hoping this outburst went un-noticed. And we thought it had until 5 minutes down the road a little shout from the back “tum on you puddy tat”. We were both silently laughing so much we had tears running down our faces. (going with the ignore it tactic, hoping it goes away fast). He has delighted with himself. Kept it up for a good 2 weeks after that. I drove around our neighbour hood with the windows tightly shut for quite some time in case any yummy mummy heard my little toddlers road rage….oops.
‘All I am gonna do is shake his hand,’ she said he told her, according to the Register.
It’s Tribe Time.
“Danced with a girl.” She ran her palms experimentally over my chest, her skin just a breath away. I ached for her to close that space, but she never did.
A suitcase is on it. Open. Inside,
Wind farm near Fukushima helping to cool the reactors (that are melting down).
With all the judges first picks out, I can now say how mine compare.
Was it a help or hindrance being associated with the punk scene?
MARY AND MAX (2009)
‘Tis Holy, Sacred
Vv. 6-8… God roars against Gaza (Philistines)… “For three transgressions of Gaza, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they carried away captive the whole captivity, and delivered them up to Edom” (KJV). These people sold the captives into more bondage (Edom is Esau). During Amos’ time, the Philistines occupied four cities… Gaza, Ashdod, Ashkelon, Ekron… These names stand for… over-powering strength that spoils with gross crimes the uprooting of people. Gaza deported the entire population and gave them to Israel’s enemies (2 Chronicles 21:8-17). Edom was known for being God-rejecters… They had a Satanic hatred for Israel. Their sin crossed God’s line and God could not withhold judgment any longer. We also… in our hearts… deport people away from us… push them away so to speak, because we do not like them. Today, there is a spirit of hatred towards Christians in nations. Remember the word… Deophobia… “the unreasonable hostility of people towards God and towards Christians.”
Tracking Some “Censored” Moses Traditions Inside and Outside the Hebrew Bible 64–76
I wad hae gien them aff my hurdies (Hams),
But with Platt in place, who needed annexation? Over the next two decades, the United States repeatedly dispatched Marines based at Guantánamo to protect its interests in Cuba and block land redistribution. Between 1900 and 1920, some 44,000 Americans flocked to Cuba, boosting capital investment on the island to just over $1 billion from roughly $80 million and prompting one journalist to remark that “little by little, the whole island is passing into the hands of American citizens.”
Before the last Westminster General election in May 2010 there was much talk (even from the Conservatives) of the need for a Supermarket (and even a Milk) Ombudsman, and a pressing need for votes, since then there has been an effective silence from Westminster. One view from this side of the bridge that may be increasingly shared is that the Supermarkets bought their tame politicos in the Westminster village (well before the Political Parties and Referendum Act 2000 came in) so they can continue to aggressively pursue ever greater shares of the profit with minimal regulation.
medium onion, diced
Where: 629 E. 30th Street, Los Angeles, 90011
Lookout Cami
Miep Gies was a young woman when she helped to hide the group from the Nazis. When they were betrayed by an anonymous tip off her life was spared. It was Miep who found Anne's diary after the Nazis had left and hid it at great personal risk to herself. After the war she was reunited with Otto Frank, the only survivor of the Annexe and she gave him the diary.
Ms. Trumble’s exceptional writing entranced me and I couldn’t put the book down. Her portrayal of first love and all the pain and anguish that same sex couples go through is spellbinding. The injustice is poignant. Her depiction of how ugly bigotry and hatred can be was perfect. I was enraged during the story, but was also awed and filled with wonder.
8. I'll Never Fall In Love Again—Tom Jones
No one has a problem if a singer/performer decides that a song is not worthy of their cd or project. If they decide to give the song to Beyonce that is their prerogative. What makes this story so horrendous and scandalous is this. We have an over sexed over singer who takes the talent of others and gives them absolutely no credit for their work. A man who works is worth their pay. If Beyonce was without music, since it’s apparent that she cannot write a lyric to save her life, perhaps, she could have just made a series of videos with no sound, of her shaking her tail feather. I’m certain it would have done well. The video “Single Ladies” was not her own. It was stolen from The Mexican Breakfast Dance video. I witnessed the video and the moves are definitely stolen.
Luke: Hold on just a second. I'd like a couple of boxes. Um, why don't you put me down for two boxes of Thin Mints and...aw, heck, a couple of Peanut Butter Patties as well. You take Republic Credits?
I lived in my domicile with three friends who also enjoyed the concept of partying, but did not like the mess that drunk, often manner-less people left after the party had come to a close. Since I was the self-proclaimed "party master," it was my bathroom that would be used by the hundred or so patrons who made their way to our humble abode for a cocktails and loose women.
I am riding home in a taxi from a farewell dinner. "Brrr. Il fait froid," says the driver. "Moins 2"
OK--it's in the dryer now on very, very low. I'll check it often (I hope) to make sure it doesn't out-shrink the cotton lining. If all goes well, I'll dye it--today's my last dyeing day, I think: severe water restrictions start tomorrow, and although dyeing doesn't use nearly as much as oh, say, a swimming pool (the newspaper says people are putting in pools because they're not allowed to water their lawns, which makes SO much sense to me, as I'm sure it does to you, too. Living in Midland is a series of revelations. Did you know we know have tent cities? I didn't know that, either, but apparently it was on the news. I remember back in the 80s when we had them (oil boom + housing shortage) but hadn't seen any this time around. Back then I was working at animal control and so heard about the problems (no place to keep your pet that you brought with you thinking you'd have, you know, an actual house or apartment) regularly), it still uses more than I want to use when the price of water is going to triple this year.
Luckily none of us got hurt and we all got to go home safe.
diminish
I admit that I lied with my original statement, Mr Oberleuter.
Count your blessings, check your priorities, and please send prayers, meditations, warm thoughts or anything else you have in the direction of those suffering loss right now.
Dallas Thomas & Julian Martinez in THE WINTER’S TALE
I expected this blog to feature me eating a hefty dose of crow. By way of background, in my entry about Edward Glaeser’s “Triumph of the City,” I said I was frustrated that people act as if New York City was on the verge of collapse in the sixties and seventies. I asserted that it couldn’t possibly be that bad. Then I saw T.J. English on The Daily Show and read the book jacket of “The Savage City.” The entire premise of the book was about how awful New York City had gotten in those decades. Because I like to know when I’m wrong, I picked up the book.
Ironically Clark is now the political beneficiary of Richardson’s tough calls.
1/2 c smooth peanut butter
George Zimmerman had a carry permit and was obviously concealing a hand gun the night he killed Trayvon Martin. Although he was legal in the eyes of the law, his neighborhood watch group did not allow the carrying of weapons. If Zimmerman’s only choice was a long gun, his neighborhood group could have seen the gun, told him no or reported it and Trayvon would still be alive.
Now on to the giveaway!!
captures the story.
19And they cast dust on their heads, and cried, weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas that great city, wherein were made rich all that had ships in the sea by reason of her costliness! for in one hour is she made desolate.
Not that I think John McCain is actually a fascist, so much as a bitter old man – but given that Romney’s “Keep America America” slogan is one damned letter away from an old KKK slogan, I’m not so sure they weren’t aware of the parallel.
December will be a busy month. We land Friday morning in Chicago at 5:00am, move out of our townhouse next week, close on a house in Orlando on December 13th (keeping our fingers crossed), travel back to Illinois for the holidays (and a couple of parties) on the 17th, and ultimately end up in Orlando on December 28th.
Revelation 11:17
The report further states, “Boko Haram are being trained by Al Qaeda in the Lands of the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM). They are also believed to have ties to the Somalian militant group al Shabaab.”
MONDAY OCTOBER 18, 2010
If you're wondering, I make my modelling chocolate using candy melts, which I have a ridiculous amount stashed away from my cake pop making days. The recipe, from Spider Farmer is below.
"I consider my blog to be within the context of a movement," said Susana. "Whether I make posts, I'm always thinking at the back of my head how could this be used to further a movement, and focus on radical women of color It's more of the idea of transferring that discussion that academics get to have into a real-world setting."
We are not a sorrowful and repentant people because we realize that God indeed made an everlasting (and binding) covenant with us and we are in fact reaping the curses for our sins against Him. We have not dropped to our knees and humbled our haughty spirits before Him in prayer, seeking the path back in tears and remorse. Nor have we searched His Word and asked for guidance in understanding His will.
Fawkes was discovered and arrested during a raid on the cellar in the early morning of 5 November. Catesby and Percy were cut down in the process and killed on the spot. Guy was immediately taken to the Tower of London and tortured over the next few days, after special permission to do so had been granted by the King. On 31 January, Fawkes, and a number of others implicated in the conspiracy, were tried in Westminster Hall, and after being found guilty, were taken to Old Palace Yard in Westminster and St. Paul's Yard, where they were hanged, drawn, and quartered. Fawkes cheated this fate in a way: though weakened by torture, he jumped from the gallows and snapped his neck rather than being hanged until almost dead.
For the branch with the little leaves I used a Magnolia Doohickeys.
Jamie stepped back from the hug confused, “I thought you said Jack was better now, that he stopped, that everything was okay.” she questioned with a hushed tone even though there was no one else here to hear her, “Don’t even pretend that it isn’t Ann, I know you. Things are not okay.
Choosing a Fleetwood Mac feel good classic, most of the audience felt bored, as well as not being current, which may have placed both guys in the danger zone.
“Whenever I fix something, It never stays fixed for long..why I fixed a cupboard door in my kitchen only two days ago and this morning it fell of its hinges again..My DIY is defiantly fluid and not fixed.2
Django a black slave is played by Jamie Foxx who escapes, gets trained how to kill by a german bounty hunter played by Christoph Waltz, so he can rescue his wife from evil plantation owner Leonardo DiCaprio. This movie could only be better if it had Samuel L Jackson in it and was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Wait a minute, it does. Well hurrah for that. TAKE MY MONEY NOW.
Emily White's "End Days," nearly makes the cut of my top three. It's about a friendship between two sixth graders, a hardcore Christian girl who believes the apocolypse will happen any day now and Emily, whose family doesn't have religion. Doesn't everyone have those cringe-worthy memories where we've made fun of someone who was perfectly nice, even wonderful to us? Some good person with "wacky" beliefs? I certainly have.
When I told John that maybe we weren't ready for a dog, his response was to build a fence.
- Sweatpants.
and dressing without bumping into the walls,
to welcome Him as King! ...I would cry out:
(JCN Network) — Controversial internet journalist Benjamin Fulford, recently freed from Rothschild imprisonment by the White Dragon Society and the Brethren of the White Robe, was seen running naked from his apartment in Tokyo this morning at 4:00 A.M., claiming that he had been paid a visit by the God of Abraham, known as YHWH (Yahweh) in Judaism, Allah in Islam.
"Every day, about 1 500 people are killed either as a result of armed violence in armed conflicts or as a result of petty crime or organised crimes," said Martin Dahinden, who heads the Swiss agency for development and co-operation.
Any tips or stories you would like to share? Leave a comment and, to keep it private, enter a spam email address and let me know that you do not want the info made public.
She fled, and left the moonlight there.
I gazed into a beautiful pair today. There was something very comforting behind them, yet they held their mystery. Some eyes divulge all secrets. Some eyes throw an aethereal lasoo around the veiwer, ensnaring, binding. Some hold the spark of recognition, knowing. Some will melt you into submission, until you are lost in them for a split second of eternity. Some do all of the above.
Sources for this article include:
So it was mixing away and I accidently dropped a whole egg into the batter. Yes, shells and all. Instantly ruining said batter.
3 Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until brownies begin to pull away from sides of pan. Cool completely in pan on wire rack.
A: … ‘wag lang sa bading.
If you enter the challenge and you used a Paper Shelter image, and you are randomly selected in the drawing, you could win a $15.00 gift certificate to The Paper Shelter shop. If your creation is randomly selected, but you did not use a Paper Shelter image, you could still win your choice of one digi image from The Paper Shelter shop! Isn't that great!? That means that everyone can play!
Throw your histories to the ground
Sure, at first glance things look okay, just don't move anything, the layer of dust will be revealed. My kitchen cupboards still suffer from my compulsion to have things neat and in order ... but those perfectly aligned items on all the top shelves? ..... loaded with dust!
After you've finished the letter, spellcheck it again, proofread it, and then put it, and the documentation into an envelope and address it. One of those manila envelopes is probably a good size.
Congratulations on the birth of Nicholas on April 21, 2005. We are delighted to have another child to add to our route this Christmas.
Second, I urge you to read it. Read it with your kids, if need be. Explain to them(since you find it so reprehensible) why you believe what you do, and use it as a learning tool. If you can read it, with all historical context in tact, and still support the opinion that it’s harsh, and in bad taste, then do so. Let me know how that goes. Also, if you read it, and you believe it’s so reprehensible that you don’t want your kids, or the next generation reading the “uncut” version that you read — I ask this. What happened to you? Did you have an experience so awful that you couldn’t bare to face the next day? Probably not — and I’d even be willing to go out on a limb and say that, if you really were concerned about your children’s well being, and not just being over protective, or just plain idiotic — wouldn’t you want your kids to learn the same lessons that you did? To better them as people, and allow them to grow, and not be confined to stricter constraints than you yourself even faced?
Yesterday I had the very great pleasure of being on a panel at the New York Public Library in which the discussion centered on the different ways book professionals (authors, illustrators, librarians, booksellers, etc.) communicate about books.
It's later now, and here's an update. This is the resulting Grumpy column of me becoming a loose cannon...
According to Sharia, during jihad, Muslims are permitted to hold for ransom infidels to be sold back for large amounts of money. Here, for instance, is a popular Egyptian sheikh saying that the Islamic world's problem is that it has stopped plundering and enslaving its infidel neighbors. He even boasts that under true Sharia, he could go to the local market and "buy" a female "sex-slave."
And, of course, Enjoy your freedom now!
Now I know why we are a tiny bit tired at night!
Well, not until Tolkein, they didn’t. And even today, I find it hard to point to anyone who did it at his level of detail (probably because he cared more about the history and linguistics of his invented world than he did about any given story placed in it).
Any other veggies that you may have in store
Since the ground is swarming with upset ants, the farmer better move away a bit, and then he empties the bag in a broad shallow plate. The bag will also contain adult ants, and they will be very upset!
Herbal tea is one of the most popular herbal infusions that people drink either hot or cold, which is both very refreshing and has a calming effect. It has been known to help in curing many ailments within the body and also has been known to prevent them from recurring.
One obvious way in which the music had benefited the series was during the mystery buildup. The case in this episode (as with the previous episode) was really uninteresting and simple. However, through the use of background music to build-up the tension, the case had created some sort of appeal for itself.
"For me, nice, soft, easy men were never enough," she said. "There had to be an element of domination."
I used to fear having kids because of what I saw in other moms.
I'm still wrapping my mind around the fact I did sprint workouts willingly. Most of my former teammates can tell you how I vehemently hated sprinting and avoided it at almost all costs (of course a coach yelling at you gets you to sprint...). Still, I've come to a realization that I do need to work on sprinting to help my speed. Who knows, maybe I'll drop into 8-something minute miles before Wine and Dine Half???
The treatment is usually large doses of Amphotericin B, which almost always causes some degree of kidney failure. An alternative is Itraconazole, also effective and safer, but more expensive.
A couple of summers ago I went to Europe and backpacked around. That was much better. Just wandering with one little pack.
20.) Will and Grace
In fact I did have some real success on the first day of les Soldes last Wednesday. Scouring the 15th and the rue de Commerce, I discovered a luxurious faux shearing coat in a hunter green from Gerard Darel for 200 euros down from 335. A lovely grey knit dress with silver buttons also from Darel for 129 euros (nearly 50% less than last months price).
curry leaves - 1 tsp(chopped).
(pottery by Gary Rith)
-Excluding shading devices such as pergolas and brise-soleil from FAR calculations.
And then the highlight of our weekend was to go back to the Grove Park Inn. To the dueling piano bar - Elaine's.
In each and every place he went he always heard bards singing about the great souls who were his own ancestors, because their fame was involved with the glories of Kṛṣṇa. He heard songs about himself, too, about how he had been rescued from the powerful weapon of Aśvatthāma. He heard songs about the great affection between the families of Vṛṣṇi and Pṛthā due to their mutual devotion to Keśava.
Thank goodness I had the foresight to do that because when we showed up, all the people I knew had filled up a table, so we sat against the wall at our own table. We ordered some drinks, got some free chips and salsa, and waited for the music to start.
It really strikes my funny bone, the difference between me and Handsome Husband, that is so glaring here in Key West. We’d recently been to Sloppy Joe’s downtown, and it ended up that my phone fell out of my bag, prompting hyperventilating from me upon that realization when I discovered said fact upon our return to lodging. It was late at night, and we didn’t want to walk all the way back downtown at that hour, never mind the fact that we’d spent the day at the Dry Tortugas, including 5 hours on a boat, to and from. While at dinner, I’d suddenly experienced massive, well, not dizziness especially, but what I would call wavi-ness. I wasn’t sure what was going on but knew I couldn’t walk that walk again. So Handsome Husband drove me back downtown to search the restaurant. And that’s where it got so funny-well, at least to me. Duvall St at that hour was a maelstrom of drunk, high, having fun people, pedicabs, skateboards, whizzing mopeds of every color, bicycles, cars, everything mobile that you could imagine! Handsome was driving carefully, and cursing all the weaving people who just were not staying on the sidewalks where they belonged! Clearly, the road belonged to them, not to the automobiles! Me, I was lapping it up, loving every bit of it. What energy, what life! I love strolling through that madness, absorbing the energy. Handsome, not so much, but he’s lovely in how he indulges me and my joy in it. Sometimes it ends up looking like I’ve got a Secret Service agent with me, or a bodyguard-I’m going in and out of stores, or window glancing, and there he stands,
On CNN last week, a young Black woman discussed the web site, Abolish the "N" Word, which was designed to stimulate a vitally needed conversation within the Black community about the metastasizing use of the "N" word among young people.
Thanks to Steve over at smithstorrents, we now have a spectacular stereo version of the now-legendary 2xLP bootleg release that has set the Smiths world on fire for the past couple weeks. What many/most don't realize is that the tracks they're swooning over (and swoon they should!), are not fully captured in their full glory by the original leak.
It's May 2nd and Blogger's big fat cuckoo egg of technical change has hatched and shoved me out of my old weatherworn blog-nest, once known as Penny Dolan's Journal. So the names of all the schools I've visited over the last few years have fluttered away with the wind of change. (Sigh!)
Is it your husband who will take off from work to care for aging parents or sick children?
Watching you sleep is my favorite movie of all time hands down.
At last, this is what I’ve been waiting for.
This has been a very long and stressful week (and yes, I KNOW it is only Monday; that's the point). But, thanks to a chain of events that I would rather not have had to deal with today, I do have a fancy new printer. With a scanner.
Joey Barton doesn't need legal aid but we typical Guardian do-gooders are going to give him free advice anyway. When he appears in front of the FA Committee of Investigation into Sustained Attacks on All and Sundry
Peter Jam says his positivity helps him to accomplish his dreams. His next tour will take him to the United States. This time, he will not only be promoting peace and understanding, but also helping children in need and raising environmental awareness in collaboration with BIOS, an environmental organization in Connecticut. “Steve Schappert, the head of the project, managed to modify the six cylinder engine of a 1972 Ford Mustang and make it run on water. We’re going to tour the North Eastern United States as part of the 4ChildrenTour campaign,” he says.
A happy smile brings about a better-feeling mood. You can experiment yourself. Put a smile on your face (even if you don’t feel like smiling) and try to keep smiling for about a minute. See if your mood shifts up a notch towards more happiness.
If we don’t take chances
And, jumping to the book’s conclusion, that’s exactly what Spencer posits: That the 7th century Arabs may have practiced a sort of nonspecific monotheism, loosely syncretized from pre-existing Judaic and Christian beliefs; but this new religion at first did not have a name, did not have a supposed “founder,” did not have a sacred text, and did not have rigid rituals. All of those were added much later, but fashioned in such as way as to retroactively assert their own 7th-century origins.
Or Magistrate Itumeleng Otsile Morake who was sentenced to eight years in prison for theft.
Round Steak
Not to sound unprofessional, but the PayPal iPhone app is awesome. Check balance, e-mail money, pay clients, add money, change info, not to mention the eBay integration – these are all undeniably useful. Also amazing (and eerie) is the fact that you can basically cash cheques through PayPal now just using your mobile camera – this is an aspect that could very well push ahead the cashless lifestyle entirely. However, that’s not their greatest accomplishment as of late. This is:
“No, Abby, I don’t. I think you and I have had too much wine and I need to get you home to your fiancé. We can’t have you hung-over at your rehearsal.”
Daniel 12:9 “Go your way, Daniel, because the words are closed up and sealed until the time of the end.”
In each scene I noticed footprints in the sand.
Litmus is now available on most book sites, but is cheapest on the Comma Press site I think. I've been reading my copy are there are some amazing short stories, all inspired by eureka moments in science. I've loved reading the afterwords by scientists who specialize in fields of science explored in each story. It's what makes the book special, not just fiction based on scientific discovery, but scientific commentary too. All very accessible (believe me, I am the most unscientific person I know... if anyone reading this went to school with me and ended up being my lab partner in chemistry or physics, then you will know! More doodles, graffiti and gossip in my science books than lab notes). Anyway, my short story veers towards neuroscience/ psychology. It would be interesting to hear what anyone thinks of the book, if you've read it...
When people are thinking about getting a new camera, the kit lenses are garbage. If you can, try to buy the body only. Buy the lowest acceptable body you can afford and then spend your money on the lens. Aimee had a Rebel for years and probably would be fine still using it today. When you spend your money on the lenses, that's where you get the bang for your buck. Anything you can buy now is fine. Anything over 5mp you can make into an 8x10 photo with no problem.
6. Let stand 1 minute in pan then remove to wire rack.
Did you catch a couple of those names? J. Carroll Naish?? Lon Chaney Jr.?? Two big names from the old school of Hollywood's elite? Do I even need to tell you what these two men were capable of, or their past successes? I thought not, but would you be able to tell just by watching their performances herein?
Meandering thoughts lean to happiness and romance.
We decided to split up. That way he could continue dusting for hoof-prints and rubbing his chin thoughtfully, and I could drive around like a madwoman in the pickup truck and trespass on other people's farms. All in all, another win-win situation.
You went from being the 'Key to the Gulf' to being 'one of the dirtiest cities in the Americas'. Why? We're the only ones to blame. We could not look after you. We let you down. We're like the teenagers who leave home only to return after a few years and litter it carelessly. You have not been protected.
But that did not mean that they were cities they did not like as some of the top ten also ranked high in favouritie cities list.
Director: Tarsem Singh
1 packet yeast
I wish I could bottle the confidence of 10 year old girls and save it to present it back to them when they're 18-24 years old. They know they look good, they know how things should be done, and most of all, they don't care what boys think.
Zainal said the plan could cause dissatisfaction among those not registered as voters and proposed that the cash aid be given to all parents with new born babies.
Many regions were below the national average including Basque Country (31.1%), Catalonia (30.4%), Madrid (29.7%), Extremadura (29.5%), Valencia (28.8%), Andalusia (28.6%), the Balearic Islands (27.7%), Cantabria (25.6%), Navarra (14.5%) and the Canary Islands (13.6%).
Women are at the core of two softcover novels that offer plenty of entertainment. Angela Sloan by James Whorton, Jr., ($14.00, Free Press) is a trip back to the 1970s with a winning 14-year-old heroine, the daughter of a former CIA agent who confronts a crazy cast of characters while maintaining her undercover identity. It is a rollicking story of a straight-faced innocent who is somehow both “wised up and clueless.” When her father goes underground she is left with few answers after she receives the keys to a Plymouth Scamp and a few sequentially numbered hundred-dollar bills. Despite trying to stay under the radar, strangers keep popping up. Trying to unravel what has happened to her father and the story is told as her account of what happened while she waited for get some answers. The novel is very funny and an homage to classic espionage tropes and insider lingo. A very different story is told in The Glass Harmonica-A Sensualist’s Tale by Dorothee E. Kocks ($16.00, Rosa Mira Books) that is set largely in New England in the heady period after the founding of America. Turns out that our Puritan predecessors weren’t always as virtuous as we’ve been led to believe. Indeed, about one in three brides in the 1700s showed up pregnant on their wedding day. The story follows an immigrant from Corsia, Chjara Valle, who scandalizes her American audiences with her playing of a glass harmonica, a musical instrument invented by Benjamin Franklin; in its day it as a sensation for its ethereal sound. Not only is Chjara pregnant when she marries, her husband runs a clandestine business in erotic books and goods. This is a novel about America’s first sexual revolution when half the population was under twenty years old and the ideas of freedom filled the air. It’s definitely not for the prudish.
1111 ***D-IV/26/1991. “Overwhelming Power and a Sense of Proportion: From the Melian Dialogue to Desert Storm, By Way of Vietnam.” Hillel Foundation Jewish Student Center, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. See Item D-IV/29/1966, above. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), above, pp. 604-30, and in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Appendix 4-ii.)
I believe in the Holy Spirit,
White Ceramic Watches for Women – Go the Chanel Way!
Hi Bloggie friends!
It was cold, the people were not friendly, Richard wasn't crazy about his job, our house sucked. Well we still hate the house (so so much) but the weather is warming up and we warming up to Virginia.
pump-
About a decade ago, my sister developed an interest in genealogy and for Christmas the family received a report on the Hursts ofTennessee, by way of the Shenandoah Valley, by way of SherwoodForest. There, staring me in the face, across the centuries, was a photograph of John Hurst, black as charcoal, one of several family slaves. Of course! How could it be otherwise? That was the culture, the economy of the South. Every Southerner is complicit. We have just forgotten ... willfully, arrogantly, forgotten.
We know they offered her breakfast at the before care program (cereal) but she declined because she was so stuffed from breakfast (cinnamon rolls).
The fog descends again.
My screams of agony are silent, for no air fuels them, until…
Reiterating that settlements on occupied land are illegal under international law, the ministers notably condemned “the marked acceleration” of settlement building since the end of a 2010 moratorium and expressed “deep concern” over settler extremism and incitement in the West Bank.
I decided that one of my attributes was my knack for creativity and I decided to use family photos to make each daughter some both memorable and usable. I started with a self portrait photo of each girl and added either an authentic poem by Daddy or Words of Wisdom that I felt was pertinent to the specific child.
Being a good fan is key in this Savage World; that you are no longer just living in, but beginning to own!
I walked the course and one of my team mates found me. The course was in an indoor the size of a large dressage arena. So the course was tight and twisty, it looked like a ton of fun! I was excited!
“Yeah, uh, great. I mean, I’d like that, if you don’t mind lending your stuff to a stranger.” Great. Now I’d called myself a stranger when he was trying to be friendly.
For NaNoWriMo ’10 (the first NaNoWriMo that I’ve successfully “won”, go me!) I purposely went with a plot that would require a lot of prep work beforehand. My plot synopsis was: An energy vampire plays cat and mouse with a hunter who’s after him in 1891 Seattle.*
While I was framing some beach shots, A. climbed up behind the outcrop and found herself a little window in the rock to peer down at me. The location appealed to me, so I let her pose while I fired off a bunch of frames. I was really pleased with the outcome.
“Someone told me that MSN is only a few steps away from playing professionally. Not college—professionally,” I said. “But it’s fun to play soccer against him in gym.”
I am getting very tired of hearing the phrase 'I don't eat that much!' in response to counseling on weight gain. That phrase is right up there with 'I drink lots of water'. I wish I had a dime everytime I heard these phrases - I would be so rich! Usually after asking a couple questions I can find out what the pitfall(s) is/are. It's usually one of three things - 1. Eating mostly junk 2. Eating too much of healthy foods 3. Eating only once or twice a day. I always try to give kudos where they have been doing things well, such as good calcium intake, then set goals for the next visit as well as encourage exercise.
Wil loves his little radio flyer wagon & his big one he can ride in but the boy loves him some trains too! It won't be a huge party this year like we planned for last year it will be small and fun for Stinker ;) Especially since I will be ready to pop or maybe a new baby around (I doubt that though although that is 2weeks before my due date hmmm).
Randy Holden Population II (unreleased 1970)
François Spannenburg: Harmonica
UPDATE: Any girl interested in becoming a member of the VHS Fall Guard(flag line) needs to attend an information meeting on Wednesday April 25 at 6pm. The meeting will cover information including time commitment, costs and schedules. Please bring a parent with you. The meeting will be held in the band room. Please park in the back and enter through the band room door.
Head: 18 3/4" (80%)
And yet, here we are again.
1082. Summer Rolls from Foods of the World @ New Holland Booth, Charlotte
That the love that I feel,
Accessories: Frost Psst Shimmer Spritz (Tsukineko), Ivory Linen Thread (The Cat's Pajamas), Button, Rhinestones, Stickles Glitter, White Thread, Sewing Machine, Pop-Up Dots, Glitter Chipboard Sticker (Recollections), Copics
Whatever happened in the George Zimmerman-Trayvon Martin case, one thing is perfectly clear: it’s high time this country quit the racial dog-and-pony show, and judged each criminal case on its individual merits instead of allowing the race-baiting demagogues to leverage each incident for political advantage in the streets and in the media.
I did see someone say the other day "I'm seeing Cheap Trick because they are fucking Cheap Trick". I agree.
I’ve also been cooking a fair bit. My parents are loving the fact that when they come home from work there is a meal on the table. I decided to bake a cake and it turned out pretty well: Chocolate with Pear and Golden Syrup Topping. We had some pears that were going south so I had to do something with them. (Although after smelling said cake I wish I had put ginger in it! It would have gone together so well.)
The Veronicas are a pop/rock band made up of 27-year old twin sisters Lisa and Jess Origliasso from Brisbane, Australia. They released their debut album, “The Secret Life Of The Veronicas” in 2005 and found great success in their homeland of Australia, as well as throughout parts of Europe, but did not fare quite as well throughout much of Europe or here in the United States. While they certainly found a niche here in the States between their debut and their sophomore record, “Hook Me Up,” they have always remained just shy of any major mainstream success here, which is a shame because their music is absolutely brilliant! They are one of my absolute favorite bands and both of their albums are among my top 10 favorite albums of all-time, “The Secret Life…” being my second favorite of all-time, (second only to the self-titled debut album from Scissor Sisters.) I am definitely biased in my opinion of the Veronicas. I have seen them in concert 5 times and actually met them 4 of those times. In fact, below you can see pics of me with them, (at a very different, very bearded period in my life,) as well as a little collection of autographed memorabilia I have framed on my bedroom wall from my various run-ins with them. Below that you can also check out the video for one of my very favorite singles of theirs, and their biggest hit worldwide, “Untouched.”
Stop The Presses! The segment opened with George Stephanopoulos in a suburban yard in his white shirt and tie, looking for some reason like a stuffed jackass penguin (that’s a real species) who somehow wandered off a museum’s diorama. George assured us that lawnmowers — especially riding lawnmowers that can mow in reverse — are very dangerous to children. Shift to female Twinkie, earnest blonde version, who breathlessly revealed that every year 37,000 children (much softer “and adults”) go to the emergency room with lawn-mowing related injuries.
We are not persuaded at all; on the contrary, We are amazed, if not shocked, by such a sweeping pronouncement. In the first place, the respondent Secretary did not, for obvious reasons, even invoke in his motion to dismiss the non-impairment clause. If he had done so, he would have acted with utmost infidelity to the Government by providing undue and unwarranted benefits and advantages to the timber license holders because he would have forever bound the Government to strictly respect the said licenses according to their terms and conditions regardless of changes in policy and the demands of public interest and welfare. He was aware that as correctly pointed out by the petitioners, into every timber license must be read Section 20 of the Forestry Reform Code (P.D. No. 705) which provides:
- Insert agitates out
So I’ll be back next week, with pictures from the craft fair this weekend, Truth Be Told Tuesdays (I seriously missed it this week!), Future Project Friday and hopefully some other fun stuff! Have an awesome weekend and if you’re in the DFW area, come by and see me on Saturday!
Friday Prayer is an occasion for the assembly of the Muslims of a whole city or a town. In a large city, Friday Prayer can be offered in more than one place for the convenience of the Muslim community. It gives them an opportunity to meet together to discuss and solve their individual as well as community problems. Getting together once a week develops unity, co-operation and cohesiveness among Muslims. Friday Prayer is also a demonstration of Islamic equality.
Tides of War by Stella Tillyard.
Compare that to McCain’s donor list, which features the same corporate players, but about half of the amount of money donated from each company.
Of course, I must include a pic of Tred.
Once your garlic is in the oven, start on the bread. Add yeast, honey, and hot water to your mixer. Add the remaining ingredients* and mix for about 8 minutes. Add more flour if needed...dough should be tacky but not too sticky. After mixing, cover mixer with a hand towel and let sit in a warm location for 40 - 45 minutes.
I got sunburnt in the UK and swam in the North Sea. Money was
I'm also preparing to take the GRE in September. Have I mentioned that yet? I don't remember. Anyway, since they revised the test, it's 50% off to take it until the end of September so I figured why not? However, going through the test prep book that I bought is just making me feel very stupid. I mean, how can I answer the question if I don't understand the meanings of any of the answers? I haven't even reached the math sections yet which scare me the most since I haven't taken a math class since 2003! Yikes. Let's just hope that I 1) decide against grad school 2) choose a grad school that doesn't require the GRE or doesn't put much weight on the scores or 3) have a very lucky day the day of the GRE and pass it with flying colors.
My Father’s side of the family is buried in a private cemetery. The cemetery, San Jacinto cemetary, is a piece of land set aside by a farm/ranch family for the farm/ranch hands and their families to bury their loved ones. My family has been buried their since my great great grandmother. The families get together twice a year for “La Limpia” the cleaning of the cemetery. Everyone cleans up around their loved ones graves and makes sure the cemetery looks nice and clean. We then have a bar-b-que and every family brings either drinks, side dishes, or desserts and we eat and gather together as one big family. It is a wonderful thing!
Meanwhile, Yoshinkan was founded by Gozo Shioda and is known for its rigid practice of being precise or accurate. The Shodokan Aikido use to train with sparring and rule based competitions. The Ki Society in the meantime focuses on special training or programs for developing the ki. The Iwama style gives more attention to integration of weapon and barehand techniques. These are just a few of the major schools of Aikido. Let us focus on one: the Yoshinkan style.
The State Parks that have walking and biking trails are also good places to stay for more than a day or two. I can fill several hours a day trying out different trails in a state park.
By the time the third had made it into the kitchen I had lost patience and I am afraid to say I then let rip at all of them. I, too, am tired, for I had to stay up and tidy up after the celebrations. I am the only one over the weekend who has done six loads of laundry, prepared and cleaned and washed up after three meals each day, checked homework had been done and sorted uniforms and P.E. kits for the upcoming week.
Why wouldn't the Left align themselves with an ideology which shrouds women in a burqa and requires their total subservience to men? Isn't absolute obedience the Left's endgame?
Open to the public. Attendees must RSVP prior to the event at verizonapahm.com
praxis and pedagogy. Perspectives are sought from
So, in the interest of embracing this and acting like a real pregnant woman (fake it til you make it, right?), this is today.
Also, with respect to inflation, the Fed said that the higher oil and gasoline prices from earlier this year will affect inflation “only temporarily”, and that inflation rates will return to stable levels soon.
1. Put all the listed ingredients, aside from the hot dogs and oil into a bowl and combine well. If the batter is too runny, slowly add more Jiffy mix. I had to test mine by actually dipping a hot dog in to see if the batter would stick.
4 – 7 p.m. Boulevard Brewing Company, Sampling in the Beer Department
4. Fifty-Fifty
Publisher: Harper Trophy
Seated Red is Tombow marker with water and brush and black ink on about 5"x7" watercolor paper.
More news to follow.
“One night three of us were talking and I mentioned that I’d felt this pinch on my bum, and everyone else said that it had happened to them too,” she explained.
I did receive a Hidden Recycler in exchange for this review. I am not required to give this product a positive review and all opinions stated are my 100% honest opinions and experiences. This giveaway is sponsored by Rubbermaid.
We all realise that trade has dropped off since the UWIC building opposite built their own student union but everyone agrees this is a pub worth saving. Okay the effort could have been made by Cardiff Council and CADW over 10 years ago but the Council is more interested in car parks for the shopping centre than preserving the heritage of the City. CADW, the Welsh equivalent of English Heritage, have consistently ignored the pleas from people wishing to save this piece of heritage from the bulldozer, even saying that the Golden Cross nearby has been given Grade II listed status as its a better quality building, completely missing the point that this 160 tiled-frontage building is historic in hardly changing in all those years. The inside was refurbished in the 1950s and this is the layout that remains today, although the unique outside gents toilets with their brown porcelain urinals are no doubt older and possibly original to the 1850s building. Apparently a collector in the States is interested in buying this bit of Cardiff history but I would prefer it to stay where it is.
A small quarter, but a big brothel;
She hoped he couldn’t tell.
The harmony of no regrets,
These are an amazing pick-me-up... as good as a professional treatment and perfect to travel with. Try them before you go out, but leave plenty of time for the magic ingredients to work... Don't forget to squeeze the residue out of the sachet for your hands.... You will know what I mean when you try this mask...
While all three bigots made the 3 minute obligatory apologies, none of them rang true. When will it become completely unacceptable to use homophobic epithets? John Amaechi, the now retired and openly gay NBA star recalls how painful it was for him upon coming out:
Frequency - it's just cool
Today we celebrate the feast of Pentecost: that day when the Holy Spirit came to the disciples, they spoke the Word of God, and thousands joined the church. I was struck anew, while listening to Acts 2 this morning, by how the Holy Spirit manifests His presence in the apostles’ speech:
Thanks for being a part of this. Barbie thanks you, too! :)
* Do what you can – some weeks you’ll be able to give more time to planning and saving than others. Something is better than nothing!
In November Porgie went in to have her teeth cleaned again. The dentist revealed that the fillings on both sides had now fallen out. He also mentioned that she had more decay in those teeth, which meant that she would need crowns placed on those teeth. I was livid. This fucking dentist and his inability to correctly place a filling was ruining my daughter's teeth.
B
Silhouettes are fun! I should do more. Also, sunset background so this counts as coursework right?
I promised to Love, Cherish, and to purely Trust.
Which brings us to this review of Lioele’s Water Drop BB Cream. I got a few weeks back, in anticipation of my trip to the States. I heard the weather over there can get pretty dry during winter, and had been on the look out for a more moisturizing and hydrating BB Cream to bring along with me. Since I have really oily skin here in the humid equator, most of my collection of BB Creams are stronger on the oil control factor. When I came across the Lioele Water Drop BB Cream at JL one evening, I was sold by the pretty blue packaging, quite different from their usual line of pink princessy packaging. In case you didn’t know, blue is my favorite colour, and my eyes just naturally gravitate towards all things blue! haha
“Forecast the Facts is promoting the results of a petition that is fraudulent, based on false claims contained in a forged memo. It is grossly misrepresenting The Heartland Institute’s position on climate change.”
Maybe it's my reading slump that is making me extra cranky lately, but even before that, this issue has been weighing on my mind, and unfortunately my Inbox too. Let me start out by saying that I love Goodreads. It is a wonderful resource that I am constantly using and constantly recommending to friends. I love seeing what my friends are reading and what they think of the books they read. Unfortunately, I feel like I am being swamped by Group Invites and Events, and even by book recommendations.
An Act appropriating such sums as may from time to time be released by the Central Bank representing excess monetary reserves, and authorizing the President of the Philippines to issue bonds, certificates or other evidences of indebtedness covering such amounts. (Approved, June 15, 1948.)
This whole thing of political correctness has not only gone a bit too far in recent years, but I believe it is as much an imagined myth as Bigfoot, the Bunyip, global warming or Scientology. I don’t think that ‘they’ who get upset are as plentiful as people think. Too often too many assume that a certain group will be upset or hope that they will be upset but ‘they’ may not really be all that upset.
1 recognize
*You can use any kind of citrus marmalade...orange is fine. I used one that I made in my jams class at the BCAE that was made from oranges, lemons and limes.
the "Meet the Crimella's" page is current!
As with the so called anti-Apartheid movement in South Africa the Mau Mau killed, maimed and tortured many hundreds and possibly thousands more Africans than they did whites. Estimates vary as to how many of the peaceful majority of black Africans were killed by the mau mau between the official figure of 1,800 and up to 30,000, most of the killings being marked by the extreme levels of violence and cruelty involved. In particular the wives and children of non mau mau linked Kikuyu who were serving in the army or police force were targeted and slaughtered in significant numbers.
A further attribute of the ‘half dragon half humanoid half octopus’ is its gigantic size. The entity reminds us of nephilim, titans, Homer’s Polyphem, King Kong, and later Godzilla. A behemothian size doesn’t evoke deep terror as most share the disbelief that such a thing exist. On the other side, our inability to imagine such a living thing might exactly be the reason for its size. What the argument is, dinosaurs had been huge, but this earth hasn’t seen a creature bigger than skyscrapers. That these have been made by human craftmanship is no unimportant in this context. Cthulhu’s size compared to a human is also implying that man has no chance to fight the priest from R’lyeh. I do not want to make suggestions such as understanding Cthulhu as a metaphor of the first World War or the industrialized capitalistic society. What I want to share here is that Cthulhu is less convincing monster of Horror fiction, because he cannot enter my reality when I walk alone in the dark. A thing big like that reminds me of the medieval description of Satan as a gigantic behemoth who devours the world. A connection to Fenrir might be fruitful again, as this nordic god will swallow the sun at the end of times. Further, I have heard on a radio broadcast that the mysterious tribes of Aborigines in Australia tell stories about a giant sleeping on this earth. When he awakes, he will wolf our world down.
His latest novel, Cop to Corpse, is an excellent example of his ability to ring the changes. This is another in his long-running series featuring Peter Diamond, the Bath-based cop, but it is rather darker in tone than many of the earlier books in the series, even though police office politics does provide some light relief. The structure is
The answer is out there….. and someday I will have it, Christain or Buddist or Jewish or whatever will have nothing to do with the it. At least I don’t think so. Religion has its place. It helps keep order in society much like the government does. It helps people be kind to one another. It’s basic message is a good one. Too bad there is so much hatred mixed in to most of these organizations. I try not to hate. It ain’t easy and sometimes religion makes it even harder, at least something is hard! Ha! I truly am going to rot in hell someday or am I already…I smell something burning!
I exercise longer than I expect._____
I've had several "licenses" to carry firearms during the course of my life. The first was when I was in the military. Go figure. The second was when I was in law enforcement. Go figure. I now have a CHL as a private citizen and I have about as much interest in going around hunting bad guys as I do in being a research subject for some new strain of syphilis.
Hope you will also like the flight simulator 2006 and enjoy your adventurous flight to your favourite destination.
Author: Andrew Clay (Squire Sanders LLP)
One thing I find intriguing is that, while media and market opinion leaders continue to dramatise ezone events, the bulk of investors are gradually adapting to Basket Case Europe. Volumes across most markets are low at the moment, but the Chicken-Licken phase of Greece is now over. Berlin’s obvious determination to dump Athens at the first opportunity was highlighted by the volte-face of Wolfgang ‘Strangelove’ Schauble at the weekend, who – having for months predicted the end of civilisation if Greece left the euro – blithely remarked, “Well, whatever happens they will still be a European country and life will go on”. Schauble really is a piece of work.
All the kids got a Lego set, including baby, who got his own Duplo set. I LOVE Lego Duplo! He loves it too!
1-800-FYI-CALL
Premixed All Purpose Seasoned Flour
“The internal and international criminal gang will either be forced to work or simply exterminated.”
stood the old pickle jar, the bottom already covered with
Play (4th)
- The Clippers’ playoff beards. And James Harden’s best in the biz.
California is known for healthy living and ...well, plastic surgeries. But as we came to the gate of the annual summer fair, along with other potential weaponry of mass destruction, we chucked our notions of natural or artificial beauty into the waste buckets. We walked into a dusty patch of land by the ocean but smells like the barnyard looking for deep fried everything. Bacon, brownies, funnel cakes, Oreo cookies, ice cream, you name it. Into the thick batter they went and out of the fryers they came triple sized, grease dripping, and artery clogging facts forgotten by the eager fair goers. The threat of throwing up on rides afterward seemed to only heighten the excitement.
There'll Be Sun !!!!
The site's latest taxi ads! :)
Can he possibly deny that someone who betrays his people, and calls upon his enemy to strike at his own people with air raids and bombs… Execution is not enough for someone who calls for this. He should be stoned to death, just like the man who guided Abraha to Mecca, in order to destroy Kaaba.
Ah, Dr. Helen. I think I love you.
EU trade mark rules apply to offers for sale and advertisements relating to trade marked goods not previously marketed within the EEA with the proprietor's consent as soon as it is clear that those offers for sale and advertisements are targeted at consumers in the EU. It is for national courts to assess whether there are any factors on the basis of which it may be concluded that an offer for sale on an online marketplace is targeted at consumers in the territory covered by the trade mark.
I think your parents poured untold resources into your hungry mouth. I think you had a roof over your head that was paid for by other people, I think you went to schools that were built and staffed and paid for by other people, I think you felt safe because the streets were patrolled by other people, I think you drove to your three jobs on roads paved by other people, in a car built by other people and burning oil that was drilled by other people in a nation whose borders were defended by other people.
This polish needs no introduction. Dragon from A England's The Legends collection is a stunning scattered holo masterpiece. If you love greens, you need to go and get yourself this polish! If you have tried A England polishes before, you'll know that they apply like butter and are mostly one coaters. The holo effect of this green is subtly packed with tones of gold! I love it!
But then I wonder what it would be like furnishing a space so awkward. I try to picture my loved pieces of furniture in this awkward space.
The moon shines in their eyes.
Amazon has decided that it doesn’t need the publishers’ permission, because, as Amazon apparently sees it, its contracts with these publishers merely require it to pay publishers the wholesale price of the books that Amazon Prime customers download. By reasoning this way, Amazon claims it can sell e-books at any price, even giving them away, so long as the publishers are paid.
2 together
First lets take a look at an example that directly affects the Right to Life- Suicide. In India, attempted suicide is an offence punishable under Section 309 of the Indian Penal Code. Section 309 reads thus: Attempt to commit suicide. “Whoever attempts to commit suicide and does any act towards the commission of such offence, shall be punished with simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year or with fine, or with both.”
The fourth book we read was Betsy-Tacy by Maud Hart Lovelace. This is a sweet telling of two girls, Betsy and Tacy, who become best friends and play imaginative games around their neighborhood. The publication date is 1940, and the book gives a nice glimpse into the past, similar to the Little House on the Prairie books. Also similar is the fact that the author’s childhood home is now a museum in Mankato, Minnesota.
This is where the painting, with its confluence of disparate objects and outdated fashions and with its mixture of surrealism’s juxtapositions with parodied social realism, gets interesting. I have to think that what is “beyond” or “beside” in this painting is literally the hidden room. We are beside it yet due to the immense curtain, it is beyond us. Not only is the room beyond us, music is beyond us as well. There are three instruments in the paintings and yet apparently there is no sound. The people seem incapable of music. Perhaps the hidden room contains the music, that its strains are only heard in a place that is removed from us. There are some, like the man looking through the curtain, who willingly enter this room. There are others, like the woman, who are disinclined. Every person in the painting aligns their actions according to the hidden space.
The last of the 3 vineyards we went to. The Village of Elgin Winery. The have wines called "Cheeky Monkey" and "Playful Monkey" LOL I am going to have to admit right now, I had tasted A LOT of wine by time we got to this vineyard. I would not be the right one to give an honest critique of the products that they sell LOL
You may be wondering about the name. This beer was originally brewed to give out as Christmas gifts to family. I wanted to come up with something clever: Drunken Reinbeer seemed to fit the bill. That original batch was fermented with US-05, the dry "Chico" yeast. For the second time around, I wanted to try out the special Wyeast strain I'd had in my yeast circulation at the time. I also made a couple mild adjustments, like subbing North American two-row for the British base malt I had used, and upping the amount of Vienna.
I loved putting Mitchell's survey up last week and decided I couldn't let him have all the fun! Here are some things you might want to learn about me!
R 1: Ch 3, 11 dc in ring. Join to top of ch 3.
I pray that God blesses your Christmas
* Zhejiang University (China)
and went on down the hall, spraddle-legged, with its wings kind
It has gotten cold so quickly
Preheat oven to 170 degrees celsius.
Please Donate now by clicking this link, which will take you to Stem Cells for Hope, a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization:
What is the relation of film to our contemporary age? We live in a world today in which our affects, namely, our thoughts and emotions, whether caused from within our without, no longer correspond to the classical unities of the past. No longer do we feel like unified subjects, no longer do we chase unified objects, or act in unified plots or in unified settings. Rather, these are all shattered, and recomposed in new transvidual composites, the logics of which we are only beginning to understand. We need a cinema that can give use affects to match those we experience in our times, and to help us imagine film-worlds which can help point the way, which can help us orient in our actual life-worlds.
I asked a million questions and made a million comments during the evaluation. She always nodded, smiled and wrote a note while saying,"Dr. M will be able to give you an answer to that."
I have to admit that over the last couple of years, I’ve become accustomed to this preferential treatment when I have the boys with me. Indeed, I now walk straight to the front of boarding queues in airports, and shamelessly seek out the diplomatic channels with the shortest lines at immigration (although the introduction of the ‘pen’ system at Domodedovo will probably make that unnecessary from now on, thank heavens). So when recently arriving at Heathrow and dealing with a small boy desperate for the bathroom, with not a working loo in sight and immigration lines of record length I had no hesitation in walking to the woman at the entrance to the empty Fast Track lane and asking if I and my sons could use it to gain quicker access to the toilets which I knew were just on the other side.
Elder Kevin Carlisle
Anyone who is called is subject to testing and being tried by fire, for God requires a stripping away of all that the world has instilled in us. It requires great sacrifice, prayer, communing and wrestling with God….that just doesn’t happen all that much anymore.
overground of videogenic pop. Post represents Bjork's balancing act at its highwire pinnacle.
Obama Signs Defense Authorization Bill — President Obama signed on Saturday the defense authorization bill, formally ending weeks of heated debate in Congress and intense lobbying by the administration to strip controversial provisions requiring the transfer of some terror suspects to military custody...
Money Pit on Oak Island in Nova Scotia, Canada. Detailed description of what has been found.
Sometimes I feel that Ichcha mrityu or
"Okay!" Mercy joyfully copy-catted before heading back to the goat-pen.
35. Courtney Upshaw, Baltimore Ravens. The Ravens love some nasty defense and Upshaw is a nasty player who looks like a good fit to replace former Tider Jarret Johnson.
Miliband – or, more accurately, one of his speechwriters – once described the ConDem pact as the “wrong coalition at the wrong time pursuing the wrong path”. As glib as this may sound, the sentiment increasingly chimes with public perception two years after that soft-focus rose garden moment.
They answer is quite simple: Eye Strain, EYE STRAIN, EYE S-T-R… you get the point. And I do get a lot of migraines too. I can work in a notebook before I’m completely better from a migraine. With a computer…I can hardly even have one in the same room with me.
at least for most of the questions in my heart
Belly Button in or out? Out, it started to pop out when we got back from vacation to Georgia.
Efforts, did He say? Doesn’t He sound human when He says this?
I'm here to answer your questions and if I can't I'm sure someone else can and will.
Jesus quoted the passage of, “Fear the Lord” and He said, “Worship the Lord.” It must be that fear and worship are synonyms in the mind of Christ! A synonym is A word or phrase that means exactly or nearly the same as another word or phrase. When we see the frightening word fear, God sees the beautiful word worship. Praise God!
_____the sun is shining, the weather is sweet, makes me want to kick your a**, with my bare feet
Hyun Joong “Axers” band performing during his school days:
As I was out running errands that afternoon, she texted me and asked “Are you sure tomorrow won’t be too late?”
WKU will host several events in the days preceding convention. These events are being organized by Jerry Daday, associate professor in the Department of Sociology at WKU, and Gina Dzelil, the secretary and public relations coordinator for the Seventeenth Convention of Bosniaks in North America.
Evening walk
That thing is they WILL kill someone if they keep robbing. That is why the city is willing to pay all the overtime. They don't want the murders. Think about that when you see Junior coming. The more robberies he does the closer he is to killing someone. Maybe you.
We fell in love at first sight
Expected maximum: 19 degrees
Part of the answer is something called the Renewable Electricity Standards (RES) that the U.S. Senate is contemplating. As Dr. S. Fred Singer noted in an August American Thinker.com commentary, “It would force electric utilities to generate a large and increasing percentage of their power from wind and solar—rising to 15% by 2021.” In other words, the U.S. Senate is about to select winners and losers in the energy marketplace by requiring utilities to use expensive and inefficient wind and solar power.
Let’s do something special in my final week, reviewing an Icelandic album.
Ask, in love and gentleness, for JW to present a single Watchtower published literature before 1954 that deny worship to Christ Jesus. All jw101 could produce was that JW worshiped God the Father, true! But they also worshiped the Son of God.
Now the Eurasian swifts arrived here as well, and the garden already waited for me…
See, in and of myself I haven’t the power or ability to overcome certain things that God allows in my life because He knows that as long as I have those things in my life…I cannot ever get to a point where I feel like I don’t need Him. That was the reason Paul had a “thorn in his flesh”…because of the amount of revelation he had. The more revelation you have the easier it is to get into thinking or feeling like you’ve reached a pinnacle of success.
“He’d never moved that quickly in his entire life. He’d acted on pure instinct when he’d grabbed her and practically slammed her into the tiny bathroom to get her out of the way before Bess had pried a corner of the plywood away from the window. He still felt his knees tremble at the thought. But he was in no mood to examine his reaction to the threat that was solely aimed at Yvette. He didn’t want to dig too deeply into his reasons of why he was protecting her. He didn’t want to think right now. He only wanted to feel. Her.”
Should we feel sorry for so many who come to our country, drain our coffers and cry they are the underprivileged, when we see lawsuits flying on their behalf over efforts to rein in spending that is breaking the backs of the American taxpayer?
11. Midnight Mood
Like all other Bahá’í Houses of Worship, the Lotus Temple is open to all regardless of religion, or any other distinction, as emphasized in Bahá’í texts. The Bahá’í laws emphasize that the spirit of the House of Worship be that it is a gathering place where people of all religions may worship God without denominational restrictions. The Bahá’í laws also stipulate that only the holy scriptures of the Bahá’í Faith and other religions can be read or chanted inside in any language; while readings and prayers can be set to music by choirs, no musical instruments can be played inside. Furthermore no sermonscan be delivered, and there can be no ritualistic ceremonies practiced.
From the cross-syllogisms of unitary time, man has perfected his imagination
Here is a sample:
I’m sure most of you have heard the New Age acronym for fear, False Evidence Appearing Real. Okay, so I agree in part, yet only in part. We, as a species are programmed with a fight or flight mechanism. It is for survival. Granted, we are no longer chased by literal saber tooth tigers and there’s no T-Rex knocking down the back wall of the house, we still have situations in our world where the fight or flight response protects us.
Many of the songs they played the night I saw them are on this album. Among them are the Mexican-flavored opening cut, “I Cried and Cried the Day Doug Sahm Died.” It’s Broussard’s heartfelt tribute to a fellow San Antonio native.
Wow it has it really been almost three months since i last posted, but i do have a good excuse i promise.
But right now the realm of darkness is not interested in this. They are organized to block it. They seek to unbalance the Earth and its environment so we will be unready for the alignment in 2012.
18.Fill-Up
1) Create a post with a mention and a link to the person who presented the Noblisse Oblige Award.
Popcorn
Of course PM Najib could make things easy for himself and everyone by granting the above 3 items and finish that 2nd term as PM. Otherwise run for candidacy as 3rd force independents.
The character of Noriko plays the embodiment of the disenchanted and alienated teenager, Noriko wears a mask at school by constantly trying to stay busy as editor-in-chief of the school newspaper, when she is not running around promoting the paper she is in the school’s computer room chatting with people she has never met, but feels closer to than her own family. She is constantly frustrated with her father over him taking too much time on the computer, and insisting that she go to a small community college in Toyokawa when she wants desperately to go to college in Tokyo. But at the core of their tension and constant fighting is the fact that he does not understand her and has not made any attempts to. Her feelings of being trapped and alienated ultimately pushes her away from her father and causes her to run away to Tokyo.
LOGOS, MYSTERY OF FEMALE LOGOS
I’m also hoping it will have have the added health benefits. I read Skinny Bitch by American former model Kim Barnouin and former model agent Rory Freedman. I don’t want to ever admit to taking advice from two women who worked in the superficial industry of modelling, but as well as raving about being thin, the book exposes a lot of the truths behind our sources of animal-based food. Great for animal rights campaigners, very accessible for the average person, and made me rethink my love of eggs and dairy products.
Scottie matures as America grows in world stature, helped along by TR’s expansionist sentiments and racial “profiling” -- sentiments Scottie comes to seriously question. He also sees TR quick to practice opportunistic cruelty to his oldest allies if it advances his political career. Scottie will experience that betrayal when he join’s TR’s Rough Riders invading Cuba. The two won’t meet again until the Pan American Exposition, three years later.
The King Of Pop's unexpected passing is clearly no different: from Al Sharpton to TMZ to left wing smear sites, many are making irrelevant "connections" that elevate liberals and slander conservatives.
I Don’t have to elaborate there
Even thirty years later I am still certain of the date, for there was a young American guest lecturer at UCD who was with us and spent the Sunday searching frantically for a possibility of hearing the Super Bowl on radio, or at least getting the results (the San Francisco 49ers beat the Cincinnati Bengals).
I've started a list of things I want to do around the house while we wait. Because really, waiting should not be that difficult. It isn't as if I have nothing else to do. But getting this home study completed is foremost in my mind. What classes do we have to take? When will the fingerprints be back? What other paperwork is there to fill out? Will we EVER get matched??
invest in key infrastructure to
B. Discussion: group analysis of found narratives, those we find in ourselves, &
Instead, they are making a fifth of all seats available for a tenner.
I felt so queasy when I came across this one – little Swiss Heidi in the company of the man with the filthiest imagination in Europe – that I broke my rule and rearranged them. They’re no longer even on the same floor – the Marquis’ new neighbour is a book about the rules of the game of boules, which should keep him out of trouble, and Heidi is now safely snuggled up to Squirrel Nutkin.
As you've seen, I just changed my blog name. I've been wanting to move Dream Autonomy to Wordpress, once I start having more blog posts done. DA should be more about unschooling and living consciously on your own terms. As everyone has seen, this blog has violated that too often. I would go off-topic and make more general discussions. Bad aside, that is good! I found that writing about everyday things is therapeutic. So instead of closing any blog, I'm changing this blog's theme to ramblings, what it has always been.
By this, I do not mean that everyone can become a Bresson or a Capa. But it is indeed, quite instinctive for human beings to want to capture what would otherwise be “lost time”. Each time we click the shutter, it is an attempt to capture, quite literally, a moment that is about to flow into this stream of consciousness. The image we see in front of us, is transposed into light waves, flipped, flipped again, and ends up “captured” on a 35mm sensor.
Also: my mom rocks.
Sometimes we do see. Sometimes we see the hurting, and the broken, and the bruised. Sometimes we say to ourselves: Hey, we should be like Jesus and try to help them. Sometimes they ask for help and you see an opportunity.
As I keep banging on about on here, I am currently hugely skint, so I haven't bought anything new for at least a month - it's killing me, but there is something really satisfying when clothes you've had for a while match up to a current trend. So I paired my trusty pale pink jumper and pumps with this patterned skirt in a nod to everyone's favourite trend - pastels! Also, looking at these photos I've just realised how floral the pattern on the skirt is - as you can see in the close-up picture the pattern is actually made up of big pixels; and as I only ever see the skirt close-up, I've never realised that from a distance it's a floral pattern. I feel a bit stupid but hey, I'm inadvertently wearing two trends in one, so can't complain!
But it changes my world, for the infinitely better.
Here’s her latest, and "The One That You Want Today." Hahah. It’s called The One That I Want:
at one time i remember us both wanting to be writers, and him spending months working on a story set back in the thirteenth century in some far away imagination land. he was so passionate about it, and the last i can recall he had made it all the way to page seventy or eighty. he wrote it all longhand on some ugly, brown recycled notebook paper – paper that was held together by rubber bands that were usually three minutes away from cracking. sometimes i find myself wondering if he ever finished it, if his hero ever rescued the princess, or if it dissolved into a page-by-page account of his heroin madness with the hero shooting up and clawing out his own eyes in some dingy cave while the dragons – who were also stoned out of their minds – just simply roamed about and the king oversaw peasant gang-bangs for his own amusement. fucked up story, i realize.
For me, Jaws is one of the few movies that lived up to all the hype…and then some. We’ve all gotten amped-up to see uber-promoted blockbusters only to walk out of the theater thinking, “So what?” But Jaws was everything I hoped it would be: scary, funny, surprising. It was not the shocking gore-fest Mom feared - only five people are actually killed - and the poor little pooch she was so worried about doesn‘t die onscreen…in fact, it’s only implied that he dies. There is that jolting scene of one victim’s head popping at the screen with an eye missing, which scared me so bad my popcorn went flying, but Jaws was always more than just a “gotcha” horror movie. Leaving the theater, I felt like I saw just something special, more than just another flick my parents dropped me off to see while they went shopping. In ensuing years, not too many movies gave me that same rush. Star Wars, Raiders of the Lost Ark and Escape from New York (I’ll explain that last one later) immediately come-to-mind, and the last movie to hit me with the impact of Jaws was Pulp Fiction.
"The Promenade Dress.
In the first instance, queries or expressions of interest should be forwarded to the receivers whose website addresses are shown alongside the relevant property. If you think there are errors on the list then you should contact NAMA by sending a message to properties@nama.ie
Sweet boy who can't wait to be like his older brothers, has the softest voice ever- until he gets really upset, loves super heros, loves cuddles, is a mommy's boy (even though in Ethiopia you wanted nothing to do with me at all), and has the cutest giggle!!! WE LOVE YOU!!!!! THANKFUL TO GOD DAILY FOR YOU :)
I met with a prof in my department, and Pierre met with a prof in his, and he was told that as long as he applied, there was a spot for him. He was a potential M.S. in Poli-Sci candidate; I was a potential M.Ed. in Counseling candidate... I was told that another professor's wife was applying and she wasn't guaranteed a spot. Apparently my program was highly competitive. I left campus not feeling very good about the future. Pierre left secure. It felt very strange to be in such different places after both being in the same boat for so long.
What we don’t challenge we condone. As supervisors we’re required to challenge all bad behaviors and poor performances as we observe them. When we don’t challenge them we’re telling everyone that that bad behavior or poor performance it acceptable. Small issues must be challenged in some way to indicate to your work group that you will not tolerate that behavior. For example, when you see an individual coming back one minute late from their break, it’s important that you call the person over to you and ask them what time they were due back. Whatever answer they give is less important than the fact that you were aware that they were late and that you challenged them for being late. How important is the one minute? In my opinion the one minute is very important. If the late arrival was an innocent miscalculation on their part, your challenge will cause that individual to be far more careful in the future about when they come and go. If they’re the type of person that doesn’t care too much about how their coming and going affects their team mates, then your challenge will put them on notice that you care about their relationship with their peers. Whether it was intended to be a test of how much they can get away with, it’s still a test, and you have to be in a position to pass that test. You have to be aware of when that person had to be back, you had to be in a position to see them come back late, and you had to know how to approach the violator in a professional way. Some members in your work group are not concerned about how their peers have to work harder to cover for their lack of effort. As you challenge a slacker for their misdeeds, you’re boosting the hard workers morale. They appreciate a leader who maintains a level playing field. They expect you to get the most from everyone. Some come to work every day and try to give their best and get the most done every day, but some come to work and try to get done as little as they can get away with. You are there to maximize their output and minimize their bad behaviors and marginal performance.
Mind you, all of that very nearly didn’t happen! Even down to the morning of the wedding I was all set to call it off. Why? No, I wasn’t uncertain, having second thoughts etc., I just profoundly disagreed with the beliefs of the vicar marrying us……and I still do. The church we chose to marry in was the same church Francis parents and grandparents married in. We had wanted to carry on the tradition which is why we chose it. Except the church had become very Evangelical, too much for me and when at a run through of the service with the vicar the week before, the sticky subject of my saying ‘obey’ came up…the you know what well and truly hit the fan! The vicar was adamant that he couldn’t consider marrying us if I didn’t and I wasn’t going to tell a lie in God’s house about something that mattered so much to me. With only a week to go, no chance to change the venue in the time left, things were at a STALEMATE. The vicar finally said he wanted time to think and pray about it. I got it in the neck from my future mother in law about the true meaning of a woman’s role and the importance of ‘headship’ in a family and Francis hid.
Allow me to introduce my newest Twitter persona. I have cleverly named it PatriotCast2. The reason for creating the second Twitter account is to allow PatriotCast to be focused only on the historical updates. The second account (PatriotCast2) will be an account where I can continue to interact with any followers. I can answer questions, have discussions, and re-tweet additional American Revolution information. So if you are a fan of PatriotCast please sign up and follow PatriotCast2.
There are several children's and YA Passover Mysteries including:
These simple ways of addressing abortion start creating the inroads to changing the social attitude about it.
I took a long walk this morning and explored some areas I have not been to like One Tree Hill. Lovely but could not compare with my Dulwich Woods.
Recent El Niños happened in 1986-1987, 1991-1992, 1993-1994, 1997-1998; and in 2002-2003, 2004-2005, 2006-2007 and 2009-2010.
www.sangivane.com rudhram@gmail.com – FEEL THE ENERGY.
Unfortunately she shines all the more in contrast with her surroundings. To be fair, musicals aren’t this company’s main thing. As they admit in their program notes, they began mounting them in the 1980s to pay bills when they couldn’t draw audiences for the work they actually cared about. The problem is, to do something well, it HAS to be your main thing, the thing you love most in the world, every detail must matter. The production as a whole is a community theatre style cornucopia of dropped lines, leisurely entrances, shaky singing voices, and the damnedest collection of rummage-sale oddments for sets, costumes and props. On one side of the set, the Countess noted, was a birdcage full of garbage. At one point, the romantic lead tripped and fell down (and he wasn’t even dancing at the time)! Part of the problem must be that Vann, though one of the best in the cast for acting if not for singing, is also the director. There is definitely a sense of split focus and too-much-bitten-off, of no one at the helm. Symptoms of exhaustion are rampant. (Note: Vann is also the company’s artistic director and she’s been at it for 41 years. Doubtless she has a constituency of fans who’ll overlook the faults and loyally cheer the company on, and I consider such loyalty legitimate. As a latecomer to the party, I can’t help but come with a different perspective). Still, you won’t get many chances in your life to see this musical. The current production is up through the end of the month. For more details, go here.
The very next March 1949 issue had a very long rebuttal by National's editor Whitney Ellsworth:
He urged participants to learn to break associations that are not good for them, saying there are networks that can trap them down.
'Cause time will never seem the same,
And do let me know if you'd like to feature the exclusive rankings on your blog at any time.
His name is Rob Earnshaw, and his e-mail address is (posted long style so spammers can't scoop it up): robertearnshaw at btinternet dot com.
Not in school,
Great to talk to you!
Also, don't forget to go check out my Flipchart building video tutorials! Click the tutorials below to check them out!
I Trust.
He has succeeded beyond his wildest dreams.
The demonic left heard that a Democrat U.S. Representative had been shot (never mind that she was one of the more conservative Democrats in the House) and immediately concluded that a Republican conservative tea party member – well, make that ALL Republicans, ALL conservatives and ALL tea party members – were guilty of the crime.
Birthday shopping. A couple of the super important kids in our lives have birthdays this month and I need to go shopping and get packages put together to mail out and to bring with us to the parties. My niece turns 7, nephew turns 5 and my cousin's child (who I miss terribly) turns 10.
According to the article, the school the girls attend has a dress code that requires a shirts to have a collar…like a polo. The girls were wearing t-shirts they’d gotten from “Homes for our Troops” which clearly violates the dress code…the not having a collar part.
And yep, I am always hiding behind the camera.
When the balms have cooled in their tubes, push them out of the tray with your thumb from the top and, if you want balms flush with the top of the tubes, press them balm-side-down onto wax paper to press off the excess and flatten them and then add the caps. If you like the extra balmness above the tube top (not that kind of tube top, weirdos), leave them alone.
I must say, there is quite a bit to be said for the island culture: carefree, peaceful, content, worry-free, easy-going, chill, and relaxed…none of the stress and rushing around, the busyness and desensitization.
I want to grow out my bangs, yes/no? I know I kept saying but never doing, but this time I WILL this time because I want a knew hairstyle for some time now...
The we’re off to see the wizardiness of the career wolfpack: Maybe I’m not remembering closely enough, but I don’t recall this group hooting and laughing all the time as they hunted other tributes. Trash talking in the moment of confrontation, sure, but being loud and giggly, not so much. This undercuts the seriousness of them as dangerous and predatory threats and gives these scenes too much of a juvenile feel.
Reports are that Mortgage Banker Association has released some documents for lawmakers which they warrant will also help (or should) with policy making and the stabilization of the housing market. The MBA is arguing that even though private capital should dominate the source of housing credit; the government role is a necessity and that all decisions should be made very carefully. This follows the news that the government is relinquishing their role in homeownership within a certain time and that Fannie and Freddie 'may' go away.
Will be opening 1/2 hour early, at 11:30AM, to accommodate the expected sheer volume of veenerdog participation.
MacLeod
She was standing just outside the door (having a sneaky fag I like to think) as I opened it, and ran headlong into her bulky blackness, with the power of almost forty four year olds behind me.
fabric added this week: +0.5 yards
this room is still a work in progress as we have a few more things to hang on the walls, a desk to save up for, and other little things... but, it is ready for guests! so come visit, stay for a while and enjoy boise with us!
“Some estimates suggest that the Newscorp hush-fund is heading up towards a billion dollars,” she writes, “and there are several published articles suggesting it’s well over $650 million. So I guess the truth lies somewhere between the two”.
I have had a bit of a hard time at work lately. Don't get me wrong, I genuinely like my job, my coworkers, my boss and the company I work for. But, I am learning, the hard way, that I have to say no sometimes and wow, is that hard or what? So my new "no" is getting some backs up but I really, truly, CANNOT do what I am being told to do, it's a job in itself, and it needs to be discussed as a department issue, and everyone for some reason is very fiery about it. So I feel guilty, and bad, but also strong, and determined, to get this worked out, but it is hard to balance that with my very powerful desire to please and have everyone just LIKE me. I don't like 'strong discussions' and a few toes are being stepped on, but I have to toe (haha) the line and keep on with my 'no', so that we get some positive outcomes out of this.
High expectations have such a consistent detrimental effect on experiences that we even have an entire word dedicated to it: letdown. People love surprises, but more than they like being surprised they hate being letdown. This is part of the reasoning behind the psychological concept of loss aversion. Time and again, people for the most part will choose a safe choice (food, entertainment, etc) over a risky new one because they would rather be satisfied than possibly disappointed.
Just had to go shopping, didn't I
This man called Alexi is our guide to Tynda. Cut from the same cloth as Mihail, Alexi is an extreme sportsman. It comes as no surprise that the two are good friends. 'We have an envelope for you. From Mihail,' says Chris, words becoming icicles and falling to the ground.
The House committee probing Porngate has planned the first meeting in another four days. The committee headed by Gadag MLA Bidarur Srishailappa Virupakshappa (BJP) will go ahead with the probe even though three members from the opposition parties have boycotted it.
I don’t see Summer again until lunch. I barely utter, “Hey…” before she jumps into the seat across from me. “Livvy, that boy has a tattoo!”
Lovely cards ladies! Please grab your Top Three blog badge from the side of our blog and display it with pride on your blog. If you would like to be a guest design team member for a future challenge here at SAS4Kids, send me an email to pick a date.
And in that binding of the self too pure was her matter earthly
Scientists believe they have discovered a way to ‘turn off’ obesity in humans, by manipulating proteins found in the heart.
We love her so much
I don't know what your typical 'horsey' person looks like, but I was trying to be one!
How does one explain this exodus? It is the blind spot of contemporary political consciousness and an object of denial. There is not even an expression to name this major event. "The Forgotten Exodus" is the most commonly used term. But it actually masks the nature and impact of this historical event. "Forgotten" by whom, other than ideologues? "Exodus" is an apt description of the situation but not of its causes, which the adjective "forgotten" occults even more. For those who underwent the expulsion have not forgotten it at all. Moreover, it is also an important historical fact.
Generally, when I ascribe a number value to something, it is an arbitrary number. For example, Nathan Fillion makes everything he’s in 25% better. Wait, forget that. That is a fact, not an arbitrary number. If you don’t now who Nathan Fillion is that is tragic and you should watch Firefly. I suppose you could watch Castle too, but Firefly is better, so watch Firefly, or Dr. Horrible’s Sing-Along Blog, because Dr. Horrible is awesome. Let’s try this again: the wind is reason number 27 why Ellensburg is awful. If I actually made a list of reasons why Ellensburg is awful, the wind would probably be higher up, but because this is an exercise in being arbitrary it ended up at number 27 because that was the first number that came to mind. I don’t know why 27 was the first number I thought of, but it was. However, for those of you who know baseball, 162 is not an arbitrary number, it is not insignificant. For those of you that don’t know baseball, there are 162 games in the Major League Baseball regular season. I don’t know if these intro paragraphs are getting better or worse, but intro paragraphs are supposed to give you an idea of what the rest of the post is going to be about, and I don’t think this accomplished that goal. I guess that’s what happens when I start getting all self-aware and what not. I don’t know why you bother to read this. I don’t even know if anyone reads this. Oh well, I like getting these thoughts out.
The glass is always half full – if you choose to see it that way.
Also, I did a little shopping at Home Goods this weekend, so I thought I would share the items I purchased there. Nothing Great but something to blog about!
my legs do what normal legs do:
One interesting thing the news story links to is the husband's YouTube page where they've done a really nice job of documenting the hunt for snake #1. I hope they got some footage of this new visitor and continue to document their snake saga. It's kind of fascinating.
Paganism is incredibly diverse – that’s one of the reasons I’m attracted to it. I may not understand everyone’s point of view, but I do my best to respect it, and not be afraid to ask to find out more. We all make up a kaleidoscopic picture, each working in their own way to represent themselves and their spirituality. How are you a part of that? How are you moving it forward – and how is it moving you forward?
College of Charleston – CofC comes into the weekend as the heavy longshot and likely “tomato can” of the tournament. During the regular season, they lost to Stetson, FSU, Pepperdine, and FAU. A win here would be an upset of epic proportions.
“From small beginnings, Direct-POD has expanded over the years to become one of the most forward thinking book printing companies. We’re proud of our people and of the work we produce. At Direct-POD, we build business by providing people with the most effective, sensibly priced printing solutions available. Our customers tell us that’s what they want - affordable book printing from a supplier they can trust. We thrive on even the shortest of deadlines. Our digital presses have a vast output rate and print at 1200 dpi. We can bind thousands of books a day and our on-line quoting system offers instant quotes, and file upload. So when you present us with the challenge of a tight turnaround, you’ll find we respond quickly and enthusiastically.”
Be sweet!
I’m ashamed to say that I wouldn’t be judged too highly by any of those men on that count – the name Wodehouse was only vaguely familiar as someone I knew I should know more about.
Thanks to Sword Buyer's Guide's James Gall for his time in calling "Haz" out.
In the past I've always, always, always snubbed my nose at this sandwich. Corn Beef? Sauerkraut? Blech, no thank you! Oddly enough I love Rye bread, as well as pumpernickle. Judging by my mid section you could say there was never a carb that I met that I didn't fall madly in love with. For years my parents made these sandwiches for dinner. Looking back I wish I would have given in and tried it. It was one meal my parents never forced on me, instead I ate pizza or made my own sandwich. Since my mother's passing it's one regret I have, not sampling her homemade reuben sandwiches.
As you know, Korin and I are expecting another baby. The due date is mid-May, so let’s call it May 15th. Just for fun I thought we would have people try to guess when the new baby will actually get here. The closest guess can have a Merrymeeting T-shirt. Sizes and colors are getting a little limited, but I am sure we can make something work.
And so I retired for the night, leaving my communal companions to their night time reveries while I slept and dreamt deeply, knowing all of us were safe and sound under the light of the female moon.
Heat butter, milk, and hugar in a saucepan over medium heat until sugar is dissolved and butter is melted. Let cool slightly. When mixture is tepid, add egg and whisk to combine.
“I wonder who he is – er, was.” Sharia asked herself, as she moved towards the swords, hand outstretched.
♥ I had my follow-up appointment yesterday from my surgery two and a half weeks ago. (I can’t believe it’s been that long already! Craziness!) Everything went really well. Our RE had the same thoughts that we did…we want to wait until this summer to start medicated cycles should they be needed. We’re going to just let nature take it’s course, and if nothing has happened by June, we’ll be headed back to Magee’s to pursue treatment. I want to see if things get better for me now that I’m all clear! :)
Her stillness envelops me and I am her, holding in loving arms the form that carries me through the cycles of world and these of inner growth or recession.
Smile touches their lips and it seems as if it was trying to narrate all that happened in the last 11 months.
“I form the light and create darkness, I bring prosperity and create disaster; I, the LORD, do all these things” (Isa 45:7).
“Could I?” he asked hesitantly.
This all inspired Michael Hutchence to develop the film Frankenstein Unbound after we talked about the creator of the monster Mary Shelley. We also talked about another film I was a fan of, the 1986 film Gothic. Gothic was a fictious account based on the Shelleys’ visit with Lord Byron in Villa Diodati by Lake Geneva.
Now this is some pretty harsh words. I have played rugby with the gentleman in question and this brings me to my dilemma. If he is indeed a junkie (can’t believe everything you read online, but the guy who posted this is related in some way to the person in question), can I ever play rugby with him again?
In traditional publishing, this is the first round of editing, and it may reshape your manuscript quite a bit. Not all writers may feel they need this, but if you do, you should expect a developmental editor to look at:
"Well, come on then,." Lynne says with a beaming smile, "Let's take that walk."
“There's nothing ridiculous about going for a swim.”
The last straw, for me, was a (clear) bottle of Old Speckled Hen I had a couple of years ago. I had had this ale once before (out of a can.....more to say about that in a moment) and it was wonderful. This bottle was horrible. I'm ashamed to say that I drank the whole thing, because it literally made me sick to my stomach. That was the last beer I've purchased in a clear bottle.
