First, look around the home of that seamstress in your life. Are there things lying about their house and you're not sure where they go? Let's start here. Take those things and carry them into her sewing room. Now, you could gently deposit them on a table, but let's not do that. Instead, throw them on the floor, preferable in various places so they can't be removed in one swoop. Make sure she doesn't notice your actions. It's much more fun when she finally gets some free time to sew, opens the sewing room door and discovers the items strewn about. Now at this point she's pretty mad, but still able to take it all in stride. So she starts cleaning up. Here's where the second part comes in.
Bang Gang So alone? IS
And in the orchard we attempted to graft apple clippings from the rental tree we both loved onto our apple trees. I don't have high expectations, I didn't want to fork out the 20 bucks for the tip seal, and couldn't find anything other than cling wrap to wrap around the joins. Plus I think we were a bit late in the spring to graft. But I'll keep you posted as to how they turn out. And really, we can't learn and improve unless we try!
BOOKS
Seventeen: You've said girls should embrace their curves. Why did you think it important to make that statement?
Tomorrow night is the drawing for my Blog Birthday giveaway! Be sure to get your name in the drawing if you haven't done so yet! (I'm just might add a few surprises!)
Samuels SJ, McCurdy SA, Pocekay D, Hammond SK, Missell L, Schenker MB. Fertility history of currently employed male semiconductor workers. Am J Ind Med 1995; 28: 873-882.
Tools: SNSS fence & grass die, Spellbinders fleur de lis rectangles
Dana Hannon, 29, Suffern, N.Y.
“Spending on national defense, a core constitutional function, has declined significantly over time, despite wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Meanwhile, spending on the three major entitlements—Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid—has more than tripled and is rapidly crowding out other programs.”
Papers : Lost & Found Two Sunshine "Lovely", Lost & Found Portobello Road 6X6 - All by My Mind's Eye, Butterfly Garden by Pink Paislee
This next one I enjoy for the way the rock hole seems to mold to A.’s shape, framing her in a sliver of burning white. The different elements- blue sky, hard rock, fierce backlight, and A. herself, all contrast and yet work together to hold the image in a way I find very satisfying. You can see some lens fall-off in the bottom left corner, further developed by the shallow depth of field, which is a bit of a shame, but doesn’t rob the overall effect in my view.
(Earlier in the lecture the desire for knowing one's own self and knowing one's passion and doing things to stoke that fire was stated as highly desired.
Follow us We’re the mastermind (Mastermind)
The serial starts slowly, taking its time to put the pieces in place for the pay-off in Parts Three and Four, and at the end of the first episode I was a bit worried that Harrahy had gone off the deep end in saying this was the best serial since TALONS OF WENG-CHIANG.
7) Outstanding, dedicated people make it all happen, particularly when they work together as a team.
lightheartedly when friends are with him.
It's a chilling comparison, and Sally's novel explores in .rich detail what it was like to live through that time - or indeed to die during it: she doesn't flinch from detailed accounts of the exact ways in which the three different forms of plague ravaged their victims.
the flip-flop of the dog door to the screened-in porch.
Bunnings Broadmeadows
In another place and in another setting, Jesus put it this way…
When I loaded the belly pictures from this morning onto the computer, I was shocked at how huge my belly is. I look at it hundreds of times a day, but I was still surprised. We also take pictures of my bare belly every week and I had to look at them a few times. I love how big I am. In some of them, I look like I am 8 months pregnant.
Kaspa & Fiona
Perceptions among current smokers also had important implications:
MAMA
The demand to “Break with the Democrats and all Capitalist Parties” must be in the forefront. The demand to “Build a Workers Party prepared to Fight for a Workers’ Government” follows and shows the road forwarded after breaking with the Democrats. The demand for “Jobs for All” based on shared work at “30 hours work for 40 hours pay” exposes the contradiction between the increased productivity of labor and the declining wages of labor. The demand for “Full citizenship rights for all immigrant workers” unites the most oppressed workers with the rest of the class. The demand for “labor Black and Brown self defense” opposes the viewpoint that the cops have any place in our future or that they are in any way part of the 87.243%. The demand to “open the books of the major finances houses and corporations” exposes the true value of and hoarding of social wealth. The demand to “nationalize finance capital, the big banks and major corporations and run them under the control of the democratic workers assemblies” is the response to the ever present reformist mantra “tax the rich”. The demand to take class struggle a level where we confront Taft Harley and all anti-labor laws through strike actions, general strikes and political strikes elevates the consciousness of the working class to the enormity of the tasks that lie ahead. But despite the enormity of the task it can be accomplished if dedicated and trained cadre unites to bring this method into the heat of the class struggle.
So here is where this craft comes into play. I made this last week. It was a very easy project. I was super excited when I found these stickers at the dollar store:
The Real Beauty in you..
Mirjam's necklace and Helene's hat
Oh blimey, another man and his piano and his earnest plaintiveness. Miles is wearing far too tight a shirt and far too shaggy a blonde haircut for a man of his balledic standing. As is his trademark it changes pace between the verses and chorus, it being unfortunate that both speeds are pedestrian.
Cast me out, call me down, and speak of me in such agony
47. Weigh less than 200 lbs.
But have a look at the list of freedoms below and see what you think. Do they look unreasonable ideals to you? I would be surprised if you do think they are unreasonable ideals.
~Attributed to both T.H. Thompson and John Watson
Tattoo industry spawns popular outgrowth:*Search Engine Lycos, ranks the Top 50 search terms every week. “Tattoos” was the third most popular search term in 2002, the fourth most popular search term in 2001, seventh most popular search term for the year 2000, and the eleventh most popular search term in 1999. “Tattoo and tattoos” is one of only seven search terms to never fall out of the Top 50 Search terms in the 199 weeks since Lycos has been keeping track. The other six are Dragon Ball, Pamela Anderson, Jennifer Lopez, Britney Spears, Las Vegas and the WWE/WWF.
It's day 23 of the daily dog scratchin'. By that I mean, since the kickstarter project funded on April 7th, and I began receiving the dog photos and stories it's been 23 days. There are about 29 dogs already drawn in one stage of the process, or even completed and ready to go. I've got about 20+ more dogs to draw. I'm keeping that number open because those of you who didn't jump in to the project during the campaign still have a chance to be in the book with your dog. Or just your dog in the book with the story of how you came together. If you contact me we can make arrangements for payment and getting the information. Right now at 50+ dogs the book is going to be over 100 pages. That's great. It feels like a 'real' book at that size. I must admit, in the beginning of this project I was afraid it would be a thin little thing...you all have helped to make this bigger and better than I could imagine. I thank you. And really, it has been such a joy and pleasure drawing these dogs and reading the stories. I don't want it to end, so I'd best start dragging my heels on the drawings! The above dogs are Blackie (b&w and finished), Booger (not finished), Gracie and her dino (not finished), Hattie Anne, and Hammy. You can see more at my facebook page (Linda Sheets Art), or at earlier posts on this blog. Now, more dog scratchin'...
Drain your pasta well and add to the bacon/garlic mixture. It's important that you do this while the pasta is still hot! Toss well with tong. Take off of the heat.
But many analysts agree that profits on that scale are very unlikely in the case of airlines.
So you can always find my shadow
A dreary life midst stupid sheep
Who doesn't love to be approached on the street with clipboards, asking for 'a minute of their time'?
They rule over the birds of the air and over the fish in the ocean.
So are there disadvantages to these new term/UL products? Only one—complexity. Because these products are basically UL, the policy language is complex and difficult for clients to understand. If not sold correctly, policyowners may actually think they bought term insurance. To add to the confusion, clients will receive annual statements, as they do with UL. To avoid this confusion, explain the product completely at the initial sale. Using carrier specific materials can help.
I want to use the iPads more. I want to continue to refine the already existing skills in the bigger programs of Pages and Keynote. I want to do more projects with recording. I’d like to design a project for small groups of students to use the iPads to produce a presentation. I’d like to begin to keep track of iPad use after school going forward.
“No Knock” and obviously
As his paintings scroll across the screens, quotes in his writing rotate on two different walls. Despite his inner turmoil, Van Gogh’s soul was one of love, wonder, and hope. One quote in particular stood out to me as it truly sums up the character of Van Gogh:
He strangled her then. He choked the life out of her as his passion soared skyward, his eyes rolled back in their sockets.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) has also criticised the findings of an inquiry by the Kurdish regional government which concluded that a freelance journalist was killed by insurgents. Sardasht Othman often censured the Kurdish authorities and his death highlighted allegations of governmental abuse of the media. HRW believe the inquiry is insufficient and could be a cover up.
(Disclaimer: I apologize for the lengthy nature of my posts. I hate reading long posts, so I can only assume you do as well. I’m making an effort to make shorter posts, and frankly to be less “long-winded”… Bad habit. Get to the fucking point, Harthouse.)
One of my many objectives in traveling throughout Europe, parts of Western Asia, and potentially Eastern Asia once more is to find a base which can attract visitors and give them a sense of solace in tumultuous times (in other words, any period of time). Such a place would need to have a distinct historical feeling, be affordable (or accessible at least), quiet enough for reflection but yet with enough foot traffic to reach passersby, and be a place with distinct values appreciating education and informal decisions. The closest place I have found thus far has been in Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. At this spot, the moderate but changeable weather of rain and shine almost every day, heavily forested grounds, fresh water and natural springs nearby, the international hub of Frankfurt, and the oldest university in Germany all provide an excellent backdrop to making people take care of their health and have the right balance of stimulation to advance their goals spiritually.
Later today, we visited V-man’s brother, who needed help in electric stuff. While the men were busy, I could not control myself any longer and went outside. To the neighbors. Who have horses. Magnificent creatures. I absolutely adore this black horse. Her name is Pietje, the daughter informed me. Pietje is a boy’s name. But who cares when this black beauty comes strolling towards you and gently muzzles your fingers…
A few months later I found out that United Way was looking for volunteer muralists for a second school renovation project at a different school. As soon as I found out, I signed up. I had a great time again using my interest in art to help the community, and once again I walked away feeling like I made a huge difference.
I work in the Bedford area two days a week and so I feel it is my calling to make a pilgrimage once a week to Pasticceria Amalfi. What else can a girl do when the source and supplier of such authentic and wonderful Italian pastries has been found?
Without the guidance of the Qur’an, humanity would still be groping in the darkness of ignorance.
I just finished Immortal Darkness by Cate Tiernan (which was awesome) and her leads name is Nastasya, but her friends call her Nasty...need I say more? As for original and cool, the protag in Daughter of Smoke and Bone's name is Karou, which I thought was a pretty cool name. That's about it, with all the books I read I'm finding it hard to remember names lol.
“They have both been vilified for far too long,” says Sir Andrew Duff Gordon. “The lovely thing is that it’s now been shown that they behaved very well.”
Summertime means a chance to take photos of the kids in their natural habitat- playgrounds. This summer we've had a chance to get some good shots. Here are a few cute ones to leave you with before I head back to bed...
don't *get it*. And Jake has become so STRONG in his KNOWING that his
It depends on the book, of course. When you're writing science fiction, sometimes there isn't information available. So I have to make it up. (grin) I did do a lot of research for my steampunk novella and am currently doing a lot of research for my upcoming novel. It's interesting and fun, but unlike some, I never get lost in it. The only thing I get lost in is the story. So I'm happy when I can ease back on the research and ramp up the writing.
A strip club is a social circus where the traditional roles are reversed. Men come inside for the attention and become the prey for the women who come inside for the money (and sometimes attention). When you add alcohol to the mix, everything gets a little easier for everyone involved. The customer relaxes. The dancers generally make more money. The bartender walks away with a healthy tip bucket. It's one of the only triangles where everyone involved walks away a winner.
You shall not have life within you.
Smart woman was, in a society where you can keep yourself as anything silly.
Some might think that BeerJanglin' is anti-Budweiser. And some might not be completely wrong. But we are getting very tired of the trend of this Belgian-owned company spreading blatant falsehoods, especially while claiming themselves to be the "Great American Lager." Drinkability. Clarity. Patriotism. All reasons that you should shun the craft brewing industry and drink Bud.
Whisk the flour, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and sugar together in a large bowl. In another bowl, combine the milk, buttermilk, vegetable oil, egg, and vanilla. Pour the wet ingredient mixture into the dry ingredients and mix well. Set the batter aside for 30 minutes. You can skip the batter resting period, and the waffles will still be good, but they will come out crispier on the outside if you rest it. (Here’s why.)
Lowell George died at the age of thirty-four. Hard living, aka too much drugs and booze, was the unofficial cause; heart attack was printed on the death certificate. The band broke up, and for close to ten years after George’s death didn’t play together. When the all clear finally sounded and the New Wavers had been safely swept back out to sea, Little Feat reconvened. LF without their leader, though, is like The Band without Robbie Robertson. You can call it by the same name, but something’s different, an essential ingredient to the recipe is missing. Seeing Little Feat reformed was like attending a birthday party and knowing that the guest of honor won’t be there to celebrate with you. I don’t blame keyboardist Billy Payne, or anyone else in the band, for wanting to continue, but for me it’s just not the same. From 1965 to 1979 Lowell George paved as much musical road as anyone in this country. He didn’t win any useless awards from Dick Clark during that time, but instead the respect of his peers for his song writing and guitar playing skills.
My own holy trinity of mind-body-spirit is very much in alignment these days and after 40 years of NOT the serenity that comes with getting here and being here is very much part of the joy of life. My biggest complaint these days is the my neck gets sore easily, that my joints click and make odd noises sometimes, and that I'm getting wrinkles in places that I'd rather not. But otherwise - that's it.
Yes, we went to the land of milk and honey.
What's totally out of character is that when I got back from Florida I went and picked up my sewing machine, and it's now been 3 weeks and I've yet to use it. (GASP!!) I was hoping to spend some quality time in the studio today, but alas, Mrs. There Will Be No Outside Christmas Lights This Year caved at approximately 3 p.m. and spent the rest of the evening setting up outdoor extension cords, cursing strands of LEDs that were supposed to live forever that no longer work after 3 years, and untangling and hanging lights.
ATTIKA 7 will take to the road this summer with an ‘in your face’ live show combining all that is good in life: Bikes, Girls and Rock n Roll. Stay tuned for tour dates coming soon.
It’s a pity his idea wouldn’t work for the stolen Japanese condoms, which have never been in contact with a man’s dick.
There is one other player in this eye-wear jubilee; the bifocals that have the same prescription as my glam glam glasses on top, and magnifying on the bottom. Which isn't strong enough to be helpful. In fact, these glasses, that are supposed to cover all my issues, near-sight, far-sight, astigmatism, etc....are useless. I keep trying when I get frustrated with whatever mood my eyes are in, but they're still a waste of my time. I don't like them anyway, so nah!
In the closed-down market
Sometimes, I wonder how other couples do it. People rarely talk about their relationship troubles, at least not the minor ones. I hear more of it from Terra and I know what she does, and I know that wouldn’t be effective for me and Paul, nor would it make sense with either of our personalities.
“On this list is the order your days of birth. The order of which, you will enter the Forest. I will call the names out, but first enjoy your coming of age feast!”
Jog to Big Brick
Just another summer evening in San Francisco!
I have a black beret, but it’s more French Resistance rather than Che Guevara. This might be a nice and unique touch, and those Frogleg-munching cyclists where quite badass too.
Meanwhile, my daughter is wriggling about in my arms, unsettled with two rosy red cheeks from a week on unrelenting hard core teething. More tests.
Who decides what is ugly and what is beautiful?
Taken: 06/21/2008
Understandably dubbed the ‘Oscars of the East Coast’, the event was met with fantastic fanfare from across the globe, with dozens of fashion insiders attending the affair at ‘The Met’ Museum in New York.
So that leaves us with Warrior Dad or poorly monitored foster home of Tatarus. Hmmm I wonder which would be better for this sweet little girl. No doubt it will take countless more days for anything to be done and it is heartbreaking. While each day passes Ayn is slowly being lost. She is being medicated against her father’s wishes, is not allowed to see him and no one is listening.
Underwear and hosiery do not come under the ten items and five accessories!
The full FAS-FAX report will be available in the eData center. ABC members will need their user name and password to access the report. After logging in, look for the red bar that says “eFAS-FAX Reports” on the left-hand side of the page.
3 zoologist
A point will equal last season’s points total. Even now with one game to go, the squad has equalled the lowest points total of Wenger’s reign. Match Tottenham’s result on Sunday will give them third place such is the vast superiority over Newcastle’s goal difference. Not even goal average could save the Geordies on that occasion.
The Avengers is an Upcoming American movie produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. Movie ia based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name.The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast.
Dead End in Norvelt by Jack Gantos (the humorous summer adventures of a young boy in a small town) *****
All Is Well
He let go of her. “Some things are better left unsaid.”
Picasso
Calcium hypo powders sold as a disinfectant for swimming pools are 60% to 70% calcium hypochlorite. If you are using these chemicals take into account the weaker starting point. Instead of 21 grams you will need 35.7 grams (if you started at 70%) to get the same 15% concentration of hypochlorous acid.
And here’s she’s finding the egg that Daddy would be most excited about her finding because its “onge” (not sure on the spelling on her pronunciation…basically, it sounds like “on” with a “j” sound after it) and that’s one of the words that cracks Daddy up the most when Isabel says it.
Allah tells us of Nabi Yunus AS in the belly of the whale. This was as a result of his disobeying the command of Allah. Is Allah revealing the sins of a believer by telling us this Qissah? Or is He teaching us. Allowing us to learn from the mistakes of another?
-c
Well, what a lovely day off work I had today, just shopping and mooching around.....Heaven :-) Me and hubby are off to Bath tomorrow so that should be a nice break.
Seriously I Thought Everyone Knew Expositions Have to Be Balanced?
Then replaced by one with beauty on par.
93. Yes, we have an outside cat, but I don't like them either.
The neighborhood was also home to several notable jazz musicians during the 20th century, such as Lillie Mae Jones (Betty Carter), Cecil Taylor, Slide Hampton, Steve Coleman and Branford Marsalis. Film director Spike Lee bases his 40 Acres and Mule production company in Fort Greene, and the neighborhood was also the native stomping ground of rapper Christopher Wallace, better known as Biggie Smalls, before he was tragically killed in a drive-by shooting in California.
It's hard every trip I have to prepare myself.
I can't believe two months has flown by. Wyatt is smiling and cooing and Owen is getting ready for the big Kindergarten. Time is flying. I just hope I can get most of it written down so I never forget just how lucky and blessed I am.
9) Have better fresh air, ventilation in living area.
I love how she throws in the word "actually." I will say it made her story sound better.
This type of kidnapping was perhaps the most frightening of all. "South Street Whispers of Shanghaing" announced a rather in-depth New York Times article in 1925. Now, instead of 'crimps', who lurked in sailor's boarding houses, looking for possible captives, it was whole 'shanghai gangs' that ruled the shadows of the seaport.
Are you buying from the marked down section of the supermarket too? Do you get a sense of satisfaction from creating a nice meal from inexpensive ingredients?
#1: Hilari Bell's TRAITOR'S SON has just been released by Houghton Mifflin. It's the sequel to TRICKSTER'S GIRL and it's getting rave reviews!!!
Today I am choosing to be excited about new possibilities.
But Anna is beginning to realise that being inseparable isn’t always easy. Especially when no one else seems to understand that Chloe isn’t really gone; no one apart from the dashing Joe that is, who, inconveniently, seems to like both sisters.
I have struggled with this for years now.
Honestly, I can't remember if we're supposed to love John Mackey because his Whole Food Stores are so awesome, or hate John Mackey because of his politics. Conflicts, huh? But hey! Look at this:
Stevie Wonder - I Wish
“Oh yeah, plenty! Sometimes I would say to someone in the front row: Don’t worry. Being German is not contagious: it’s not like you’re going to wake up at five in the morning with an incredible urge to invade Poland…
The span of my hips,
What I cannot help but wonder is whether she might have made a different decision that day: if she had discussed the possibility of SUDEP with her physician; if she had known she would have been considered at medium-to-high risk; if she had been aware of the ways she could have lowered her risk; if we had talked together about it; and if she had had all these considerations to weigh up as part of her decision-making. Then, I can imagine the seizure that caused her death might never have happened. But that is a lot of “if’s.”
Both of these sides have been done to death and I’m not going to flesh out either one of them. That’s why we all went to 6th grade debate class, right?
that said, it’s not easy to find people like me.
Columbite-tantalite, coltan for short, is a dull metallic ore found in major quantities in the eastern areas of Congo. When refined, coltan becomes metallic tantalum, a heat-resistant powder that can hold a high electrical charge. These properties make it a vital element in creating capacitors, the electronic elements that control current flow inside miniature circuit boards. Tantalum capacitors are used in almost all cell phones, laptops, pagers and many other electronics. The profits from mining have fueled a brutal civil war and severely damaged the forest and wildlife.
On this day in 1915, Alexander Graham Bell spoke with his associate, Thomas Watson, over a two-mile telephone wire stretched from Boston to Cambridge. It was the first wire conversation ever held. (The famous "Mr. Watson, come here" conversation of 1876, although a part of telephone history, was actually spoken via a device that used a liquid transmitter, a bit of intermediate technology in the development of the telephone.)
Guestrooms.
Lucky Town recently launched a Kickstarter project, and our goal is to raise at least $20,000 to help cover some of our up front costs such as license fees, insurance costs, keg expenses, and ingredients costs among others. We raised over $6,000 in the first 10 days, and with the support we have locally we feel confident that we can reach our goal. We need your help to reach those who haven't heard our story yet - please help us spread the word.
that a new bull's coming,
You know that scene in Overboard right after Kurt Russell storms off Goldie Hawn's yacht in the beginning, and she says "I'm not a b****," really more to herself than anyone else? That's kind of what I had to tell myself yesterday. Not because I was having a "rich-b**** sun-tanning day" (wouldn't that have been nice, though!), but because I was such a grump. Work had been bugging me (I'm surrounded by idiots, I swear), then after meeting up with Jason and his family at Costco afterward, I didn't end up getting home until 8:30pm (I left at 8am for said work day), Scarlett cried the whole way home in the car, you know the drill... Just one of those days.
Whisk the flour, salt and baking soda together in a medium bowl.
and fast, Dragonfly Organix Odor Eliminator uses a unique plant-based formulation that eliminates the toughest odor problems. The special odor-cleaning action absorbs the odor on contact. It is effective on a wide range of odors, including smoke, footwear, sporting equipment, pet
And so time went on.
A good high chair is a must for moms, and Bright Starts™ Sunnyside Safari™ Chair Top High Chair is as good as they come! It does what a full-sized model does and more, adjusting to four different heights (and nearly any table), reclining to three positions, and converting to a booster seat for smooth transition to the toddler years.
Has for example, a team ever lost because the manager was not on the bench? I cannot think of one. Or even that Arsène will stop picking on defenceless referees, an endangered species only trying to do their honest nights work. I’m not holding out any hope of either scenario being taken up.
Combining last Wednesday's sketch, Thursday's Ways to Use it (something a boy would play with) and two from Thursday - the Free4all to use a fan fold and The Queen for today - Neva.
Bad Tweet
In this snippet Mr God and Mrs God are in the kitchen. Mrs God is frustrated with Mr God for spending all of his time in the pre-universe cupboard. Mr God is frustrated because he is so close to realising his dream, however just can’t get it right. There is just something he is doing wrong…
8. Give up your need to impress others. Stop trying so hard to be something that you’re not just to make others like you. It doesn’t work this way. The moment you stop trying so hard to be something that you’re not, the moment you take of all your masks, the moment you accept and embrace the real you, you will find people will be drawn to you, effortlessly.
Hair Fairy Clips pleased to finally introduce VIP Fairies Membership. Available in 6 months and 12 month subscriptions and in baby and girls size hair clips. You will receive a special limited edition hair clip every month plus a unique code that gives you 10% off every purchase for the life of your membership.
Use code: ONAUTUMN at checkout
Because it’s so thick and wonderful a little goes a long way. It keeps nicely in the fridge and should dress several amazing salads. I hope that you “love it most.”
Here is my card
‘According to Luke, Jesus surprisingly tells his disciples to buy swords. They have two, and Jesus tells them that is enough! The further comment of Jesus explains in part the surprising statement, for he says: “It is necessary that the prophecy be fulfilled according to which I would be put in the ranks of criminals” (Luke 22:36-37). The idea of fighting with just two swords is ridiculous. The two swords are enough, however, to justify the accusation that Jesus is the head of a band of brigands. We have to note here again that Jesus is consciously fulfilling prophecy. If he were not, the saying would make no sense.’
The third story is with Hannah the last remaining governess who owns the Academy. I liked Hannah’s character as she is still very much able to take care of herself but she remains in the past because of the hurt he endured and was part of.
From the same young people who grandly claim to have influenced the revolts that overturned the Egyptian government and others, come plans of mass action on financial institutions as well as the country’s Presidency. CARIEN DU PLESSIS reports on the ANC Youth League’s plans for 27 and 28 October.
I scratched my chin. ”You’ve got about 60 minutes before that temperature rises above 30 degrees and it will rise about one degree every 10 minutes until it levels out at about 40 degrees.”
Since then I have been pretty dormant.
efoldingtable.net
So Denver signed that Peyton Manning fella’ didn’t they? And he’s supposed to be pretty good right? So why on earth did Denver not do anything to surround that pretty good player with some weapons to make a super bowl run in the two or three seasons he has left in the league? Instead they drafted a defensive tackle who whilst filling a need was a slight reach, a developmental Quarterback far too early in the draft and the only semblance of an offensive weapon that Peyton was provided with, was Ronnie Hillman in the 3rd round who is still a reach himself.. Especially when Lamar Miller is still on the board. Grade D
Matt and I had a long history of emailing back and forth, and when he died I kept thinking how sad it was that I had lost so many of his emails. He was the best letter writer/correspondent/emailer ever. He wrote lengthy, hilarious diatribes, rants, and thoughts. He offered support and advice, punned admirably, and rocked y'know. So when I found this cd from 2006 my heart swelled, and I felt excited, upset, scared, anxious all at the same time. I put it in the PC but the fucking thing won't open. I can't get it open. I don't understand.
Major love; see love
When I was raw I ate so much too..but was eating and starving eating wrong and that is why I couldn't stay down when I quit the raw food..and had to eat so little. But now I know more about what to eat how to eat and how to love myself!!
MAC Moisturecover Concealer
Paul: dagnabit!
Phone: +62-21-718-0487
The most surprising thing about the current heat wave affecting much of the United States is that no global warming charlatan is claiming that it is the result of carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. Since the late 1980s, Americans were assailed with the global warming hoax until, in November 2009, the release of emails between the trolls ginning up false “climate models” were exposed.
Therefore one can get tied in knots over Part 36. It is very difficult to comment fully, not least because there are many decisions in areas totally remote from IP. For this reason I have not listed individual cases here – you need to look at the White Book, Black Book or a resource like PLC. This does not detract from considering it as a powerful weapon – encouraging parties to take offers seriously. The courts are not happy to see Part 36 being used to try to secure an unfair advantage but, where there is a meaningful proposal to be made, Part 36 should be considered. Even if it is not effective, a genuine (without prejudice save as to costs) offer must be taken into account in relation to costs under CPR 44.3.
Tsuritama (Episode 3) – Why Yuki? Why all this fuss over a boy who can’t fish? Is it because he’s destined to fish whatever that lies resting in the bottom of the ocean? No, not really. According to Koko, anyone is capable of performing that feat and she’s ready to move on. She doesn’t see the point in sticking with this fragile boy any longer and her only obstacle from selecting a new candidate for their mission is the persistent and stubborn Haru. So what is it about Yuki that attracts Haru so much and why did Haru select him over a number of arguably better candidates, especially when Aflac (or whatever this duck organization is) is in hot pursuit? I suppose there will be an exposition on this subject near the end but it’s curious to see Haru be determined with this boy when he’s constantly bouncing between fear and failure.
The Socialist Party / United Left Alliance is the only party clearly putting forward a boycott and actively committed to building and being part of an independent, broad-based national campaign to defeat Household and Water Taxes. Our track record is second to none on this issue.
I think- no matter how much wailing and gnashing of teeth; no matter how much snot and droll pours from his mouth and nose; no matter how long he lays on the floor and screams- this week will be dedicated to putting those pants on independently ALL the time. Because, I've seen him do it when the M&M's come out. Because he deserves to learn to be independent in all ways that he can.
I am a book worm! I love reading: books,magazines and blogs! :) I've read the entire Hunger Games series and can't wait to see the movie which comes out march 23!! Have any of you read them, what did you think? I thought the books were well written, enticing but really bizarre! For mags: i read People, Family Circle, Allure, O Oprah's magazine the most.
I’m attaching the prologue and first chapter. Thank you for your time and consideration.
1. The YG is FIVE! Hurray, and ZOMG, when did that happen?
Thank you, Joan and Suzanne, and congrats on another release.
untranslatable language in the universe
rendering – she gets right inside the song and turns it into a blues for
I may have possibly seen this kid a few times. He’s as old as my brother, and as I sat on a chair beside a small table I saw his elementary graduation pictures. He’s the typically cute chubby kid. He was raised well, and is loved. He’s the only son of his parents and my dad said that his only dream now is to finish high school. He refused visitors before, but for my father he came down and allowed us to see him because my father brought him Christ’s body. His name is Christian, after all. He listened to TV mass because he cannot go to church as he tires easily. He’s thinner than Mr. Bean now and he fails to meet anyone’s eye because his hair had fallen out so he’s been nursing a cap on his head. I keep looking at the ‘before’ pictures and the aftermath of scientific attempts to lengthen his life. I try to smile at him, but I was shaking because I was on the verge of tears. I remember my father, strapped in bed, unable to speak and his eyes were like those of a Siberian husky. I couldn’t see Christian’s eyes but I can feel his spirit resonating, and it almost made me cry.
This has been a topic of discussion in my social circle for a couple of days and then I saw them talking about it on La Las full court life this morning. I didn’t realise it was such a big deal for so many women; and I’ll be honest … I don’t understand why it is.
Still trying to think through the problem, he leaned over and curled up on the seat, his shotgun clutched in his hands. Not everything had vanished, though. Something had made that noise in the town. But even the thought of that awful wail wasn’t enough to keep him awake. Slowly, sleep washed over him like the rain that was hammering the roof above.
This year I had hoped with the extremely favorable weather, with all the flora blooming early that maybe I would get to see some plants alive and growing. And, we did! There were not a lot of the pitchers themselves, but the blooms! I had no idea what to expect, but, I did not expect these large (4 inches across minimum) dark red balls with pedals. (Yes, I am fully aware that is not a biologically correct description, just my poor descriptive powers at work here.)
Exiting the euro would throw Greece’s banking system into chaos. Lenders would panic over the prospect of being repaid not in euros but in drachmas of dubious value. Adopting a suddenly much weaker currency could also ignite Greek inflation because prices of imported goods would soar.
The realization hit me like a bolt of electricity - that these hot young things were looking at *me* that way. I guess the day had gone so well that they were imagining themselves as brides, and I guess I looked pretty good as a bridegroom. Whatever the case, I had a few drinks in me by that point, and was having decidedly non-faithful thoughts just hours into my new marriage.
AND (insert drum roll)
The stoves are amazingly easy to clean. If you look on my blog, you will find pages on how to clean the burners..how to removed the manifolds to clean...how to clean the broiler, etc.
Both can be worn with a black sweater and tank top. The other day I wore the brighter skirt with a red tank top and it looked spiffy.
He thought!
"They're mad because we took away their little lot by Borough Hall," she said. "They are so petty."
Jonsi: When we were working with Amiina, they just came over for a weekend and just jammed over the top of the songs. We then decide what to leave in or take out and the songs generally develop from there. We tend to do everything from that point onwards, constructing then reconstructing each piece until it works for us.
I then noticed he was wearing his second device around his neck. It resembled a small mobile phone with two brass (or perhaps even gold) contacts on its top edge. “What’s that meant to do?” I asked.
Anyway, I have mentioned Doyle (and Natalie) before, and Doyle is an adult with Spina Bifida. They have been an inspiration to us. Bobby is a double amputee after an accident, and I hope he doesn't mind being mentioned on the blog. His super sweet wife Andrea works for a local prosthetics and orthotics company. Both Bobby and Doyle are very, very athletic, which gives us an inside look at the world of sports for Charlie. Bobby has prosthetics to walk and run, and also hand cycles and uses a racing chair, swims and more. Doyle hand cycles, plays tennis, plays basketball and more.
I was scrambling to find some sort of storage box to fill the left side (where the seashell balls are) in the days before the sunroom completion—alas, it never happened.
A handful of parents of students in the Lebanon School District say their children aren’t given the same opportunities as others students.
A Who Framed Roger Rabbit? ripoff.
Most people don’t realize how much damage they can do by simply using certain words. They also don’t realize how hurtful and backwards it is to blame someone for their own rape because of what they were wearing or doing. Samuels said, “we take the blame of the perpetrator and put it on the victim.” This is one of the things SAPA is trying to change.
However, there is another Linky tool available, which I have popped on the top of my left sidebar. If you want to read some more info about this, go over HERE.
And - last but not least, I'll enter this two challenges:
After all my long journals about San Francisco, perhaps I should really keep this post real short and SWEET. Christmas is one of my favourite time of the year. In my mind, I think it's magical apart from the gifts..LOL. This is indeed the best time of the year as we are surrounded with heaps of LOVE, and lots of feel good movies where they constantly remind us to be kind and forgiving. Plus there is always Santa and the Elves. Though these are just made believes, it sure does gives us a little glimpse of hope in life.
Lord, we desire to stay in the battles you want us in. And here’s a simple poem . . .
It is worth spending an hour or so on the tutorials. All Blurb books default to having a copyright page and back page with the Blurb insiginia on them. Once authors start getting hands on with the software—they may be tempted to decide that Blurb is not the one for them. In my next article, I will tell you ways of using Blurb as an full author publishing tool for true self-publication, and the ways you can circumvent the Blurb engine and publish a book under your own imprint by actually using Blurb in the way ‘Our Eileen Gittins’ should allow it to be used. That includes designing your own pages in PDF and dropping them into Booksmart.
I stayed the whole time, yes. I left while she was still in post, just at the right time. Gollancz was a lovely old-fashioned publisher in Henrietta Street, next to Covent Garden – gorgeous old publisher, a rabbit warren of pretty young girls and eager young men, moving from floor to floor up. It was on the other side of the road from from Rules, the eating place, where Livia occasionally took us to lunch.
WHAT a crowd!
Don’t get me wrong: people’s heads are gonna get kicked in still. This is a roster full of prep All-Americans. There will still be collegiate All-Americans on this roster at the end of the season. Allen Bradford is still very much more a man than anyone you know, thank you.
* My friends think I'm bashful until they really get to know me. Funny story about that. My parents always tell a story about how I would never talk when I was in Kindergarten. They always asked me if I said anything when I got in the car each day. One day, my dad asked me and I told him that I did talk. He asked me what I said and I said, "Here." I've come out of my shell more in the last few years but I'm not as outgoing as most of my friends.
In 1967, when actress Katharine Ross was filming “The Graduate,” she and Casey began dating.
or shake,
Thanks for stopping by and be sure to check back in a little bit for the new My Sheri Crafts challenge. You'll see some great projects from the team again this week!
This day I had to explain to them that if a person had a date - dash - date then it was the day they were born and the day they died. If they didn't have a dash and another date then they were still alive. They went stone to stone and Ryan was yelling out what year the person died or if they were still alive. Then he made his way to my grandparent's stone...
I missed the first monthly meeting , which was kind of an orientation. I was sick that day. But the following afternoon, Melissa left a breathless voicemail on my phone about her experience.
As far as Tosh can figure, we managed to get the first shot of bratwursts in the skillet in a major fly fishing magazine spread, with Ben doing the honors as hand model on the tongs. Coincidentally another of Tosh’s friends, Gray’s columnist Miles Nolte, discusses bratwurst preparation in the same issue.
I have not scrapped in months due to moving house....its been a 2 month lonnnngggg drawn out thing and I still have not unpacked the craft stuff which means it will be a few weeks yet til i scrap :(
Thank you for your patience and kindness.
And here’s number 3 in my latest series, pieces inspired by Cowboy Bebop episode titles. This one’s called “Honky Tonk Women.”
There’s a new class of projector emerging that fits in the palm of your hand. Some of these are being built into phones and it wouldn’t surprise us to see them appear in HD camcorders and digital cameras. Called handheld or pico projectors, these tiny devices can be used for business or personal entertainment.
Balloon battles are back, and bigger than ever.
Diapers!!!
and hydroelectricity are all
While the decision doesn't have to be made today or tomorrow...it will be made in the near future.
H - What force is this of which you speak?
Now it really is fall over here, the forest is full with muschrooms.
In no way am I a political anyalst but the writing is clearly written on the wall for all to see, we just need to open our eyes. We must as a people put petty issues behind us. We will not all agree on everything but we should all agree on this: if we lose our voice shortly we will lose our sight in the American society and will see more cases of Trayvon Martin or Jules Moor.
The only thing that really threw me off in this book, interrupting the flow of my reading, was the incorporation of dates and times at the beginning of each chapter. I found myself flipping back to previous chapter headings to see where the next chapter falls. I think it worked most effectively when Rose was writing about another century, or a character in another country, rather than jumping from different times in the day. I thought the book would’ve flowed better without that.
Green: Fresh kiwi and spinach leaves
"He became more and more nervous."
I'm surprised to have been reminded a lot about how gullible the public is when it comes to the rubbish the media decides to throw in their face. Really, it's the farthest reaction I expected! Nevertheless, the book maintains its cuteness, although I'm also surprised that at some points the narrative seems to settle a little for the older adults. I adore both Charlie and Fielding's voices - they are superbly accurate. Fielding's thoughts, emotions and reactions are of a typical male's, while I can vouch that Charlie's are characteristically female. It was wonderful to see how these two blend together in shedding Jenna and Jonah and resurface as Charlie and Fielding. All those talks about Jenna and Jonah had me wanting to read more of their tv series - I would have easily been a fan of that also!
Gell gave this definition of anthropology while developing his
1. Please buy just one book, right now. We don't mind from where, you can buy it from us or from Amazon, your local shop or megastore, online or offline. If you buy just one book now, you'll help to save Salt. Timing is absolutely everything here. We need cash now to stay afloat. If you love literature, help keep it alive. All it takes is just one book sale. Go to our online store and help us keep going.
If push comes to shove, I am very adept at supporting myself and that's a good thing.
*He is obsessed with closing doors right now. If I have him in the bathroom while I'm getting ready, he will crawl around and close the closet door, the linen closet door, and the toilet area door.
Facebook - 709
"Did you hear about the Passion Pit show next week?" I'd ask him. He'd just look at me, puzzled.
14. Focus: LG – “History shows that truly great and successful companies go through constant and sometimes difficult self-renewal of the base business. They don’t jump into new pools where they have no sense of the depth or temperature of the water.”
454. Fried Pickles @ Goose Island Wrigleyville (Chicago, IL) 7:28 p.m.
thee 3by3 writing method insists that a writer needs to write in the same place, at the same time every day. For tthose who cannot carve half an hour out of a day, here is a suggestion – get one of those tiny pads at a drug store. It easily fits in any pocket. During the week as ideas form, or overheard conversations that could be used in a story.
There has been quite the stir over the last two days over this week's cover of TIME magazine (pictured below). It has caused some pretty heated debates on forums and facebook pages. I was basically avoiding the topic, other than a small post on the My Breast Thoughts facebook page (which you can view here) because of the fact that I did not agree with the headline "Are you mom enough" nor did I agree with the description that leads to believe women who do practice AP parenting or extended breastfeeding are extreme.
This is exactly how I make all my income today.
No one should hide or be hidden.
So apparently Legumes like kidney beans and lentils should be an important part of your hair-care diet. Not only do they provide plentiful protein to promote hair growth, but ample iron, zinc, and biotin. While rare, biotin deficiencies can result in brittle hair.
I really like the (typical for Moistboyz, and growing more relevant each day) anti-American slant in the opening songs “I Don’t Give A Fuck Where The Eagle Flies”, “Uncle Sam & Me”, “Captain America”. And I have a feeling “The Year Of The Maggot” should probably be about George Bush. In “I Don’t Give A Fuck Where The Eagle Flies” some of the lyrics include “killing everybody that you don’t like — are you gonna come and kill me tonite?” It’s a good album and I like the mellow rock style in “Everybody’s Fucked Her” as well.
Although environment, safety and health have become the important points of considerations, the end users, in many cases do not place primary importance that how the product is made. The product may look and feel the same but is the composition, health and safety aspects, quality and its performance standards measured on the same basis as per the requirement of Indian constructions and atmosphere. In India, most of the people prefer imported waterproofing membranes but if any failure is there after five years then who will be held responsible. Our membrane is the only polymeric membrane manufactured in our own country and can be custom designed like we can increase or decrease the tensile strength, puncture resistance, thickness etc as per the individual requirement. With over six decades of experience in providing innovative and cost effective solutions, Supreme Industries is an undisputed leader in India’s Plastic Industry.
Then he said these words,
That's the same margin as the UMC had when it voted that gays are Bad Christians.
For example, here is a video of an Orthodox infant, who having just been Baptized and Chrismated (Confirmed), receiving Holy Communion.
The only other thing I have to say is that I'm so glad that 13 is an age you reach once, and only once, in your life.
1. It’s Flippin’ Gorge
One professor claims you do it by criticizing the Bush administration. This story has been going around for a few days, and I thought I'd collect a few more details. (I originally found this through volokh, which has a number of posts on the topic.)
As he is sipping his beer, a skinny guy walks in wearing a pair of glasses with tape around the middle, a pocket protector with twelve kinds of pens and pencils, and a belt that is at least a foot too long. The bartender, without saying a word, pulls out a shotgun and blows the guy away.
2 Bad topics
And every tongue confess
“No,” said Lewis Schaffer, “I just pretend that I’ve got a small penis for the sake of comedy. “My penis is very large – it’s nine inches long. I measured it this morning. I put the ruler in backwards – 12 – 11 – 10 – 9 inches. How long into the skin are you allowed to jam the ruler?… So I asked Reg: What about this guy John Fleming? He looks like a shambolic mess.”
Organic Vine Ripe Tomatoes, Cucumbers,
Because of this, boards usually try and make levying special assessments a last resort, and, if passed, offer payment plans when possible. There are also regulations set forth in a community’s bylaws that must be followed before levying a special assessment, and in some instances it is required that residents vote on the proposed project before a special assessment can be adopted. If you find yourself in this situation, make sure your opinions on these matters are heard by attending open board meetings and voting on critical projects that require a special assessment.
Multiculturalism means the preservation of different cultures or cultural identities within a unified society, as a state or nation.
The team instantly responded, on a Saturday, with two tickets and backstage passes for Chelsea. That made her almost smile, and it gave her something to focus on in the smothering fog of homelessness and cold.
The rugged Ural Mountains stretch along Russia’s western frontier. Gold, salt, and coal are mined in this mineral-rich region. At the foot of the mountains are the steppes, the vast rolling plains of central Russia. This land is also very fertile, perfect for growing wheat and corn. Russian farms there also produce sugar beets, sunflower seeds, fruit, beef, and milk. Farm workers grow and harvest cabbage, a vegetable that is popular among Russians.
YOU ARE MY ONLY will appear in bookstores in October of this year.
I had my family and Kirsty there on the San Diego dock upon arrival, so it was especially great getting in to see everyone. We found we had another fan of Ocean Watch and Around the Americas project in Bill Walton, the great basketball center who is quite an environmental activist. He had many insightful words about our oceans and the state of the planet and gave us a great boost of energy when we were just a little depleted.
The Bar has major advantages in terms of quality and cost. Barristers have a great opportunity because they are both specialised in advocacy and advice, and often in particular areas of law. At the same time, because of chambers’ significantly lower overheads, barristers’ services are considerably cheaper than those of solicitors. ‘There is also an excellent opportunity for clients and consumers to benefit from the expert services of the Bar in different ways and at less cost. This will provide an important response to the recent review of costs in civil justice, by Lord Justice Jackson, which warned of the need to reduce the cost of going to court.’
still warm from the
But now, ah now, to learn from crises of anguish, advancing,
More stitching fun – have any of you tried or used the pinhead stitch to start or end a thread?
3-4 stalks of celery (about 2 cups) chopped
Ultimately, though, culture helps to give your characters more humanity and helps us, as people, to try to understand cultural differences through fiction. And having nuanced, more human characters that help us understand about both ourselves and other people is a sign of good fiction, isn’t it?
Here are some of the spaces that I found by just doing some browsing. Don't they just melt your heart or make you feel that excited giddy feeling, like the night before Christmas?!
If we’d had nine or ten hours, we could’ve gone to South Jersey and back. Could’ve walked Flatbush Avenue stem to stern, with time to spare. It just didn’t happen like he said.
The parents were there, and they were very nice, very gracious. It was autumn, beautiful, with woods all around us, and we paddled a canoe across this round, icy lake full of small gold leaves that collected along the shore. The family knew every inch of the land. They knew how the hills had formed, how the glacial drifts had created the lake, the names of the earliest white settlers—their ancestors—and before that, the names of the Indians who’d once hunted the land. The house was very old, her grandfather’s house. He had inherited it from his grandfather. The library was filled with old books and pictures of the grandfather with famous people he had known—presidents, diplomats, industrialists. There was this tremendous gravity to the room. Standing in that room, I realized that our two worlds, my friend’s and mine, were as distant from each other as Ken­ya is from Germany. And I knew that if we stayed together I’d eventually live in hers. After all, I’d been doing it most of my life. Between the two of us, I was the one who knew how to live as an outsider.
I choose to err on the side of grace because I love and respect the Bible too much to narrowly focus on a few verses that do otherwise. I choose to err on the side of grace even when it is inconvenient, unfair, or unsavory. I choose to err on the side of grace because when I look at the Biblical story, that is what I see my God doing time and again. Yes, there are moments of God’s judgment. Surely there are warnings of dire consequences as a result of sin. But I believe that the story of God’s redeeming love, mercy and forgiveness permeates the entire Bible.
Several of you have asked me for an update on Julian. Here he is his first day in FL... What a way to spend your vacation - in the hospital. :( At least he's got some cool friends around him!
It is definitely a compliment and a bit of an honor that they'd ask me to do this. And such slow, single note playing is not so easy. I think I have to play six or seven times, with the guilt trip being cast about after each time.
Ok, this is it for today. No pictures. It takes me to long to get them on the right place in my post and I still have to prepare for my German class today in the afternoon. But at least wanted to give an up date.
My husband and I talked over the weekend and we have decided to keep our eyes open for a craft table over the holidays (hoping to find a great sale!). Once we find one, we are going to set it up in the living room and keep it up throughout the winter. We’re interested to see how many puzzles we can start and finish in six months or so!
White flour (a couple of small handfuls)
I was surprised that my 15-year-old son didn’t know what Toad in the Holes were. My husband and I used to have them all the time, and I know my son has had them, but he didn’t remember what they were called.
Come and made 5 fun cards for various occasions with matching envelopes. All supplies are included.
(Separated PNG + full sheets @ 300ppi)
Here’s my contribution. Sat down and channeled fish. This is one of my new favorite subjects to draw. I teach an after school art class at the Boys & Girls Club, and I did this as an art lesson. Usually the kids get all whiny when they see my demo drawing and can’t do exactly like I do. So I give them the talk about fish, how unique and strange they are. We do a loosening up practice where I have them draw 4 or 5 different shapes, then add triangles to the back for fins and bulgy eyes and a mouth. Pretty soon they loosen up and start having a ton of fun making up new fish and forget about comparing to each other and myself. What a lot of fun. I really enjoyed making this line-drawing:
The Lord wants to bless us and wants to bless us abundantly and like any good parent, He wants to give us the good things, things that are of good nature and fulfilling. God wants us to ask Him for things that are from above, the things below will be provided through His grace daily and many of it comes naturally, we might not have enough faith to understand always and we find ourselves in doubt but with time we will understand that some things we don’t have to ask for. The power of God in our lives are of great importance and it is something that should be desired and prayed for always. Don’t you want to pray for healing and see people get healed or don’t you want God to use you in building up someone else faith. The Bible says that we have the same power that rose Christ from the dead. One of the reasons why many Christians are living defeated lives yet claim to be sons and daughters of the living God is because they don’t believe the power they have inside of them. It really is a matter of faith, what you believe, if you believe that you are only authorised to handle certain things only, then that is what you will only attempt on handling. Jesus says in His word, the apostles have seen Him to many great things but they will do even greater things than Him. This is suppose to excite us and give us great confidence of who we are in Christ.
City of Bones - Cassandra Clare
And we haven't looked back. As I'm zippin' around town in my little red Nissan, savin' gas money and singin' at the top of my lungs with my kiddos, it hasn't phased me a bit.
I don’t feel right about just gluing it back on and selling it.
Honorable mention this week goes to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. How shocking to see this group acting in a truly Christian way! In a strongly worded letter to Congress, the Bishops tear into the budget proposal put forward by Rep. Paul Ryan, pointing out how it violates Catholic precepts by putting the poor, vulnerable, and needy at risk.
- 3PM KT Tunstall....mmmmm Scottish girl goodness....ack...no free beer.... what the! She was dang good using a little music machine to sample claps, tambourine, and "Who Hoo's". She was a peppy, cute dimple faced and charming. Pretty good guitar and catchy songs...she played before about 5 people last year at SXSW and then went on to sell a million records in the UK.
Marchand de Vin Sauce
and I for you
Putting two unlike things together, according to some of the self-help books I’ve read, is a good way to spark one’s creativity. I haven’t done it much, but I’m now convinced I should do it more. I mean it got me off the hook for today’s blog.
Sometimes this true love necessarily takes the tone of tough love. Her lessons of obedience and accountability must resemble those of her Master, who said, “If ye love me, keep my commandments.” (John 14:15; see also Ex. 20:6; Deut. 5:10; Mosiah 13:14; D&C 46:9; D&C 124:87.)
Oral. Can you believe that there are still ladies out there that won’t perform oral? To be transparent, I’ve experienced this in a pre-marital relationship, and I must say that it was not the business… If you are one of these women – try it, you’ll probably like it.
It was a rare thing for me to have cold cereal at my Nanny's house. I know she and Papa ate it because they always had corn flakes there. However, when I stayed with them, Nanny cooked breakfast. You would have thought she was a short order cook. Papa liked his eggs fried as did Nanny. I didn't care for fried eggs back then so she scrambled mine. Just for me. She also made biscuits and we put homemade jelly or preserves on them. Nanny made the best peach, fig, and other preserves and jellies.
Friday afternoon I received a wonderful package in the mail from Wild Orchid Crafts. I recently won a challenge they sponsored and the prize was fabulous!! I will be sharing some of my winnings over the next few days on my cards. If you have never shopped with them you really should. I purchased from them a few months back and I had my order in 1 week!! Not bad for having to come across the pond.
But why did she even feel the need to respond that way at all. I mean I didn't. I didn't say anything about the more school at home crowd, as I know it is a homeschool list and a lot of those on it are more school at home. I just explained what we do in our home. Why don't people feel that being a great example of what they are doing and how they are living is the best way to "tell" someone the benefits of that philosophy. Why do some feel that they need to try to tear holes in what you are doing, point out why they feel it is wrong for anyone and everyone, and will lead most assuredly to Hell, if I even believed in Hell in the first place.
( 2 )
Readers, I'm undecided. Is the maternity scoop-front skirt a bizarre garment or merely an unusual one? I think it's fair to say that this style is gone, kaput, finis. Blame it on stretch fabrics, more casual fashion, or simply a dislike of drafts, the scoop-front skirt has gone the way of the dodo bird, rubber girdles, and high button shoes.
3 tablespoons plain (all purpose) flour
on 28 and 29 April 2012.
rivers with very good water
She paints a lovely picture of working hard, but then having time "to read, do fancy work, play with our children and make their clothes in the latest fashion." She wants her daughters to be cultured. "...a cultured person must be a thinker and I am sure there is no other place or work which affords the chance for one to think than the farm does."
What I would give to just not exist anymore.
Over the years the theatre operated it changed names at least twice. In that period both Jack Benny and the Marx Brothers played the theatre, and in 1921 it became home to a Chinese Opera company called Lok Man Lin. In 1927 it was transformed to a pentecostal church – first the Pyramid then the Emanuel, but in 1932 as a result of unpaid taxes the City became owners, and in 1938 it became a garage – which kept going until 1967.
“It’s a shame people don’t understand that anorexia isn’t a lifestyle, it’s a serious illness. I have suffered from it for close to three years now.”
Cassy Howley: my daughter, age 16
Russ said churches will be scrambling to rent hotel space, banquet halls and movie theaters.
There is no parting
*Update on 8/9/07: I must have looked ordinary enough because I booked the job!
Hardback, trade paperback or mass market paperback?
* Do you want near perfect manuscripts or are you happy to work with the author editorially? Would you describe yourself as an ‘editorial agent’?
lips like sugar, sugar kisses
I really need to update this more often. That’s more difficult when I don’t have much to discuss. Writing up more public transportation and work stories just seems repetitive, honestly.
“By irreducibly complex I mean a single system composed of several well-matched, interacting parts that contribute to the basic function, wherein the removal of any one of the parts causes the system to effectively cease functioning. An irreducibly complex system cannot be produced directly (that is, by continuously improving the initial function, which continues to work by the same mechanism) by slight, successive modifications of a precursor system, because any precursor to an irreducibly complex system that is missing a part is by definition nonfunctional. An irreducibly complex biological system, if there is such a thing, would be a powerful challenge to Darwinian evolution.” (Michael Behe, Darwin’s Black Box, p. 39)
It was a fabulous party and I enjoyed every minute of it. Thank you to all the art-lovers who came and enjoyed the show, and of course to the artists for the beautiful and eclectic work that made for a very successful start to a very Affordable Art Show.
$21,300
Sometimes we would have pork or lamb chops. The pork chops would be cut thick with a deep layer of fat round the outside which ensured that the meat when cooked was soft and delicious. Often there would be kidneys attached and as Andy did not like them, I sometimes had hers as well. Lamb or mutton chops were much cheaper than they are now and were a delicious treat.
Way back in October 2011, an incident happened in a Greenwich Village, New York McDonald’s. Two customers and a cashier were involved in an altercation, which ended in hospitalization and arrest.
Once a man starts armed robbing he has crossed a line most won't. Don't forget that when you are looking these bastards in the eye. Their decision to kill you is already made. Your life means nothing to him. Only his does. His sole motivation for not killing you is he doesn't want a murder case. He has already accepted he may pick one up though.
I did a dry run the evening before to refresh my memory and make sure I had all handouts, etc. I needed.
In 1871 Agnes met Wild Bill Hickock while Bill was town marshal of Abilene. They met again when Bill was touring with Buffalo Bill Cody’s Wild West Show. Both shows were performing in Rochester, New York at the time. Agnes sold the circus when her daughter eloped with another circus man. This made her a very wealthy woman.
I’ve been tweeting about tea this morning. I had had 3 cups before any one else arrived into the office and I am now staring at my… 8th maybe (I’m not actually keeping an accurate count) with my lunch.
“The law had been clear for years that openly recording a video is not a crime. It’s sad that it takes so much for police to learn the laws they were supposed to know in the first place,” Glik said in an ACLU media advisory. “I hope Boston police officers will never again arrest someone for openly recording their public actions.”
THERE. IS. NO. ONE!!!
Water, 1 pot
A few will sport minor cybernetic gear, but these are merely replacement parts, and not much better (if at all) than the meat part lost.
of the game on a Bob Lillis single to left in the same inning . So in John Paciorek
Food: 4 / 5
Being a bloke means dealing with a fair amount of hum drum and from time to time, a bloke gets to wondering if he’s still got something about him that cuts him just a notch above his contemporaries.
However, because of knowing Him, you have the right to believe and to exercise the faith He has given to us. To be able to exercise faith to a greater level, you must continue to grow in knowledge and understanding about Him, Jesus Christ.
My Islam is Ezekiel measuring the limits of a U.F.O.
AKA has recently added a number of new Sakes to their list, such as the Sato No Homare (Pride of the Village) for $10/glass and the Hakushika Yamadanishiki for $6/glass. The Sato No Homare is a favorite of mine, made in a sake brewery that is over 860 years old! What a taste of history.
The answer: frankly, I’m not sure current photographer can add a whole lot to what’s out there (some will agree – some will disagree with me here).
I have an extra one or two of these that I will be putting up for order-taking/sample purposes in my BluJay Store.
To the dinner party at the beginning of the book come the three aunts, Cora, Helen and Joyce, the last two with partners, Cora with her cat. The discussion is about how to make the House profitable again and someone suggests Ghost Walks. From then on the climax of the story is inevitable, with the hastily spruced up House invaded by unwary members of the public.
HAVE A SUPER MOTHER'S DAY MY FRIENDS!!!!
I tried really hard to capture the beautiful sparkle and shimmer of the fabric in these photos, however some things just cannot be done justice in a still shot, so check out the YouTube video below to see the amazing way Mirette glimmers as you move!
The problem is food. I love to eat. Be forwarned – don’t get between me and good BBQ. Or cheese. I’ve seen plenty of Bruce Lee movies and can scare the hell out of you with my Jeet Kune Do warrior yell. The only thing that saves me from being four hundred pounds with cankles is that I’m pretty darn active. Between daily mountain biking, running, and wicked Gears of War battles on the XBox, I burn a ton of calories. Unfortunately all that does is let me maintain my sexy Stay-Puft abs. I never actually get less squishy (de-squishy?).
The good news is that all the leaders continue to believe, rightly, that it is not acceptable for us not to raise the debt ceiling and to allow the U.S. government to default. We cannot threaten the United States’ full faith and credit for the first time in our history. We still have a lot of work to do, though, to get this problem solved. And so let me just make a couple of points.
“There is a finding there was some harassing conduct, but they never reached the issue of whether it was severe or pervasive, or whether a reasonable person would have been offended,” attorney John C. Provost said. “So none of those issues were really reached.”
all things merry aside, i have something to show you. i stumbled upon this gem today and must share it with you. it is called, the Cat Lover’s Diary. apparently, this person bought this book and got a free surprise. someone had filled it out already! who, you might ask? a 36 year-old woman with three cats in 1988, that’s who!
Previously there had been a temple dedicated to Guan Wu (a Chinese general in the Han Dynasty) built by Tín Trai from Nhị Khê Village, Hà Tây Province. Later it was repaired and widened to become the Ngọc Sơn Pagoda. In 1841, Tín Trai presented the pagoda to the Association of Good Deeds which worshipped Văn Xương Đế Quân, the saint of Taoist literature, because it did not have a temple of its own. The association removed the bell-tower and built a temple called Ngọc Sơn, honoring Văn Xương and his two subordinates, Khôi Tinh and Văn Giáp as well as Lã Động Tân, the patron saint of medicine (one of eight Taoist saints) and Guan Wu.
Later in the book, the king of elephants ate some poisonous mushrooms and died, so that the story could be moved along and Babar could become king. Gaaah! This was a children's book? However, I took the opportunity to talk to the kids about eating wild mushrooms. As in, this is something which either kills or sickens several people every year in this area, so we don't do it.
SAP ABAP Workflow Application Developer
This has been accompanied by an expansion of BAM’s facilities, with the renovation of the Majestic Theater, now known as the BAM Harvey Theater, in 1987 and the opening of the BAM Rose Cinemas in 1998. Ground was broken last year on a yet another building of the “BAM campus,” the Richard B. Fisher building, an arts and community center.
It's a dark grey cotton (there are several different textures and weaves in this), with raveled edges on the ruffled parts. The sides have quite a dramatic peplum shape - eee! Love it. I am really grooving on this Victorian shaping lately.
The coffin of nurse Amy West had been exhumed, and now the crude box lay before me. As head surgeon of the city morgue it was my duty to perform an autopsy; demanded by the Police; only now after her burial. She had apparently died of fright. I opened it; my assistant choked as he gazed in; ‘oh Lord.’ My eyes fell to the lid’s interior. The cheap wood was scratched as if by wild animal’s claws, and was stained dull red in places. Then my view sank to the girl, to her fingers; a bloody mess, to her ripped nails, to the huge splinters piercing the once sensitive flesh, exposing bone, to her bloodied dress, and finally to her dry eyes, staring from a face frozen in fear… ‘She wasn’t dead.’
Director : Gopichand Malineni
We don't worry too much about bad language in our house. Byron and I don't swear much and our boys have an insanely sensitive awareness for what's appropriate for their age group. In fact, I would almost say at times, it borders on being too sensitive - but we manage okay.
Kinglike art thou ?
The Guidance states that although most information will focus on medicinal safety, new information about “effectiveness, limitations of use, alternative treatments, and many other aspects of the drug’s place in therapy may be pertinent to its benefit-risk assessment. This report would put emphasis on benefit, especially when “risk estimates changed importantly.”
DE: Going to prison for five years.
Anodyne for his love.
Then, we were called out from the dressing room for the march. I said, “This is it!”
After the first test the grades were averaged and everyone got a B. The students who had studied hard were upset while the students who had studied very little were happy.
9. World’s Largest Drug Dealer: The American empire is the largest drug dealer in the world? Say it isn’t so. Well, in addition to forcing legal drugs and genetically modified organisms on nations, usually under the cover of foreign aid, America also leads in the illegal drug trade. In fact, many researchers reveal that the war on drugs is only utilized to control and monopolize the illicit drug trade. The US government has been caught multiple times shipping in cocaine, colluding with certain cartels to control the industry, and now openly protects and transports opium from Afghanistan. In fact, Global Research points out that in 2001, “according to UN figures, opium production had fallen to 185 tons. Immediately following the October 2001 US led invasion, production increased dramatically, regaining its historical levels.” This month, the U.N. announced that Afghanistan now provides 93% of the world’s opium production; up 61% compared to 2010 to a whopping 5800 tonnes. Although the empire tries to keep it secret, they can’t hide the hypocrisy forever.
Adamson was reeling. He could feel his gong slipping through his fingers.
Scarborough: Harold you want Obama to work
Franchise fees. Every franchise has fees related to buying into the franchise. In essence you’re ‘renting’ the name of the mum or dad firm in order to run your business. Every franchise can have sure necessities of those that purchase into the franchise by method of month-to-month fees, advertising contributions, required inventory, and different necessities that won’t precisely be financial (among those are uniforms, store insurance policies, and methods for bureaucracy). Perceive before buying right into a espresso franchise exactly how a lot the franchise charges can be each year (or what share of your revenue will seemingly be required) and what those fees buy you as the franchise owner.
Another prospect tells a salesperson at the end of another perfect sales call: “You’re the first person I’ve seen. I have to shop around and compare.” Since the salesperson understands and agrees with the prospect because that’s they way he does it, this salesperson will end up in more competitive situations and be less effective overcoming this obstacle than others might be.
How do you access joy? By opening to your own Presence of course.
Some of my favorite shots.
My school also had Field Day these past three days! I seriously don't know what I was thinking when I chose black shirts for our class color. This is also the first school that I have been at that the students/classes still compete against other students/classes for points. Not that they win anything other than bragging rights though. I was SO proud of my class....I must admit my expectations were not extremely high for a few reasons. First, I have what I call the Mod Podge class...because I was displaced and came to this school in September I received about 3 to 4 students from other classes...they still don't work as well together as a class that would have formed in August. Secondly my observations during recess have been that my class prefers to play tag or sit...so our athletic abilities have been minimal.
Just make it look ace guys.
For the Maya as well as for many other Ancients, celestial movement was at the root of astrology, theology, cosmology, history and social change. For them, the purpose of life was to understand sky rhythms that created time and to reflect in their culture the beauty and cosmic order seen in cyclical heavenly repetition.
I have done a few very simple projects lately for my little miss. Girls are so much fun to sew for though I oftentimes feel overwhelmed with all the options. Should I add lace? Maybe ric rac? Keep it simple? Extra ruffles? So many decisions!
(For some perspective when I was 12 I wrote a song called "Basketball Star" :
After much chemical burning, sludge attacks at sea and on land, psychedelic dancing by Yukio's girlfriend Miki (Keiko Mari), hallucinations with fish heads, dream sequences where sleeping boys are set afire, many cartoon segments, sludge-covered kitty cats, a Japanese Woodstock, a tour of the constellations, a quick lesson on which constellation is which and many examples of little Kenny's powers of reasoning, scientific deduction, his strong ESP connection with Godzilla and taste in short-shorts, it all comes to a head when Smog Monster vs. Radiation Monster atop Mount Fuji.
Yesterday all of the power went out. I mean, really went out. No street lights, no nothing.
Schlitterbahn. No discussion of things to do in New Braunfels is complete without Schlitterbahn! Featured many times on the Travel Channel, the original Schlitterbahn Waterpark is a true Texas gem. Launched in 1966 and opened in 1979 by the Henry family, this is the world’s first “water resort”. Arguably the first family of waterparks, the Henrys created the first surfing ride, the first uphill water coaster, and the first tidal wave river. Schlitterbahn is still family owned. The New Braunfels parks now cover 65 acres and include the original section Schlitterbahn West as well as Blastenhoff and Surfenburg at Schlitterbahn East. And get this…parking is FREE, tubes are FREE, life jackets are FREE and you can bring in your own picnic!
Thanks Lindsay.
drug addict’s
What a wonderful surprise to find a small, fresh split-turkey breast in my supermarket. This special find fulfilled my goal of purchasing poultry that fits my criteria: Humanely Raised; Vegetarian Fed; No Antibiotics; No Growth Hormones. Thank you, Plainville Farms. www.plainvillefarms.com Check out their website or on Facebook.
Originally, when it opened in 1715, it was a ‘Luncheon Bar’ serving the merchants and traders of the growing textile city under the name of the Turk’s Head. In latter years it took the name of the family that owned it and over the years it has acquired a uniquely rich patina of history in its very fabric.
Steven Rhodes:
That day and that night are STILL the hottest I can ever remember being, and that's saying something. The Chicago heatwave lasted what, a few days? A week? And then things went back to what was considered "normal" summer weather--warm days, pleasant nights, the occasional rain shower. I'm beginning to wonder if this intense monotony of extreme temperature coupled with drought is now what's considered "normal" summer weather here. And if so, will I be able to stand living here for the rest of my life?
Now that's convenience!
Since 2006, 17 major corporations — including General Mills, McDonald’s, Pepsi, Coca-Cola and Burger King — have taken a voluntary pledge to reduce marketing of their least nutritious brands to children, an effort they updated last year to include marketing on mobile devices.I take a voluntary pledge to drive cautiously every time I get in my car.
I trust that God sees my heart. He gave me this desire to have children. And whether or not I have children of my own, I will be someone’s mom. I will speak into someone’s life. Perhaps I already have.
AK: I began by contacting the alumnae association at Smith College. They sent my letter of inquiry to each surviving student from the 1949-1950 Smith program in Paris. Many women wrote to me about their life-changing experiences, about their intellectual lives in Paris, their travels, their memories of daily life. What was especially fun was looking at the study abroad experience from both sides of the ocean: in France, interviewing the host families; in the U.S., talking to the students who studied abroad with Angela Davis and Jacqueline Bouvier; contacting Susan Sontag’s crowd of Paris friends from 1957-1958. I had great experiences in libraries and archives: I found Jacqueline Bouvier’s thank you letter to de Gaulle in the French National Archives; at Stanford, thousands of letters written to Angela Davis in prison; at UCLA, Susan Sontag’s diaries and correspondence. My research took me from Paris all the way to the west coast!
Happy riddling!
“Even though the B5b strategies were specifically developed to cope with fires and explosions, the NRC now argues that they could be used for any event that causes severe damage to equipment and infrastructure, including Fukushima-scale earthquakes and floods.”
He had been gathering kindling for a campfire across from my compost pile when the bees attacked him. They flew out of a hole in the ground! Mean little bees.
and make our hearts overflow with love;
Invitee 1: …..that’s true….
What are some strange things you’ve found while walking on the beach?
I haven't traveled much through the Middle East and North Africa. I've only been to Egypt, Tunisia and Bahrain but, for the most part, I have fond memories of the area. Mostly about food but that's the case with most places I've been to. I am a big carnivore so I'm always drawn to rotisseries, spits, etc. When I was in Egypt someone I knew locally took me to a small hole in the wall type restaurant in the middle of a souq in an area of Cairo that tourists would probably never find on their own. I had the best kufta of my life there. This person, a Canadian living in Cairo and working for National Geographic, took me some other great places I'd never have found on my own but I digress. I also had a lot of kufta on my own in the two weeks I was there. So, when I think Middle Eastern food, I think kufta.
Few songwriters are as prolific or as dependable as John Darnielle, who has amassed a truly staggering catalogue of songs over the past twenty-plus years, ranging from the lo-fi solo boombox recordings of his early years to the much more polished full band releases he's turned to since the start of the 2000s. All Eternals Deck is yet another gem from Darnielle, and as a consequence it'd be easy to overlook or underrate, to dismiss it as just one more solid release from an artist who's seldom less than enjoyable. In fact, this album, without being a big departure, is one of the best Mountain Goats albums in years, maybe even the apex of the years since Darnielle left his boombox behind. This is a varied album that showcases just how versatile Darnielle's seemingly simple sensibility is. He can follow up the aggressive, angry rocker "Estate Sale Sign" with the understated ballad "Age of Kings," and both sound totally in character. Later, on the album's most obvious stunner, Darnielle's scratchy croak strains and cries above a bed of barbershop backing vocals on the lovely, melancholy "High Hawk Season." Darnielle's storytelling is also as fantastic as ever, particularly on a pair of songs paying tribute to mother-and-daughter Hollywood icons. "The Autopsy Garland," about Judy Garland, seethes with subtle suggestions of exploitation and manipulation, while "Liza Forever Minnelli" somehow manages to be triumphant and melancholy all at once. The latter song repeatedly stresses that the narrator can "never get away," then climaxes with the clever line, "anyone here mentions 'Hotel California' dies before the first line clears his lips," an expression of frustration in defiance of easy clichés. Darnielle, thankfully, never deals in clichés except when he's subverting them, which is why his lyrics always feel so fresh, so lived-in and real, like sometimes enigmatic snippets of real lives. [buy]
So be warned: this whole mess will repeat Friday night, when the Manhattan-bound lanes will again be closed, supposedly at midnight, but really much earlier. And the Manhattan-bound side will remain closed till 6 p.m. Saturday.
In my professional life, I have almost always had a clean desk. It may be stacked with work, but I can always find the random piece for someone else. In my personal life, I can't say anything about organized. I have never had a good routine at home. I noticed that when I worked outside the home, the home was cleaner. I had to keep a routine!
3. Use 3D mounts to layer up the layers starting from the bottom, making sure the shaping is covering the right areas of layer underneath.
When I returned home, to the slightly more urban suburban area where I and my people reside, it at first seemed a bit harder to maintain that feeling of my inner coyote. Nature is a little less prominent, a little less present, but I looked out over my neighborhood (where I reign supreme, but am a benign and beloved presence) and I closed my eyes and opened my ears, my nose and my heart, and felt Nature’s presence, even there.
Lentils with carrots and goat cheese
Wednesday: Hamburger Potato Casserole
It’s a scientific fact. All around you in Alberta, there’s people who think those that choose to go into arts are less worthy of support, recognition, and respect than someone who excels in another field. Because they decided not to spend their life in the race to accumulate material goods, they should be looked down upon and marginalized by the rest of such a hard-working society.
The space is quite comfortable--and had already attracted a pretty good crowd when we visited a little over a week ago. The front of the pub curls around a groovy bar, and there are open spaces in the back festooned with large, flat-screen TVs (tuned to a Bears game when I was there). They both suit the sports fan but remain comfortably out of the way for non-fans. At the end of the review, I'll copy in a minute of footage I shot at the pub so you can get a sense of the space.
There are a lot of other insect pests like flee beetles (puts holes in the leaves, but usually doesn't do a lot of damage unless the plants are seedlings), aphids and stinkbugs (sucks the juices from the leaves and can damage the fruit), but most of them are not too bothersome. I handpick any nasty bugs that I see. Don't assume an insect is bad because it is on the plant. Lady bug larvae looks very nasty, but they eat aphids.
To be honest, I have been overwhelmed in a very loving way, with the feedback +support in the last few weeks, I had sincerely not expected this online momentum after being away for quite some time. I had considered myself not strong nor capable to return here or anywhere, many things were just completely out of the picture, I was completely checked out of the existing world. There is a time +place for everything. The process and forces of grieving are a beast of their own.
Consumers around the country have taped threatening phone calls from collectors who have called in the middle of the night, used abusive language and have threatened to have people fired from work or thrown in jail. All of these tactics are illegal under federal law.
seemed always to suck me back
Carson ended up winning 3rd place in his den and Colten got 2nd place in his den. They didn't place overall, but they've already analyzed what went wrong and have started designing next year's cars :).
They’re talking about the character Marty, who’s probably the funniest character in the whole movie. So I disagree completely: Maybe it was because I thought Kranz’s was the only actually funny character on Dollhouse, but I was rooting for Marty to survive. I think Whedon planned what he did with the character from the start. He knew there would be fans in the audience, so he appealed to them through the actors he brought on from his old shows. But that doesn’t mean people who hadn’t watched Dollhouse didn’t care about the character: My boyfriend was cheering him on, as well.
(Inevitably, one has to wonder who Hammer had in mind to play their new Dracula: I’m not aware of any documentation on this being available. The obvious choice for me would have been Ralph Bates, were it not for the fact he’d been in the previous film as one of the Count’s acolytes (not to mention that he was also the new Frankenstein in Horror of Frankenstein). No-one else in the Hammer rep company really fits the bill for me.)
Despite my apprehension, however, the last hour in the apartment was relatively straightforward; I spent most of it packing. At that point my host mom was aware of my situation, and after I finished we said our goodbyes, and I left. It seems rather indicative that, like those of middle school, our relationship was terminated via text message.
This one pours well, though. Fairly opaque for a brown. Small head that quickly fades, like many browns have. Moderate carbonation.
Then Van Cleef & Arpels sued Klum over the design, and that was the end of her QVC stints, appearances that would leave host Rick Domeier jabbering, as nervous as a school boy.
And, that's all for now folks. Hope you're all doing well and enjoying the holiday season.
Theory Supports Non Monetary Motivation
I am equal parts mortified and amused. But not so mortified that I'm not totally going to rock this little cardigan (in the day time) all the time.
Loved ones: Dillon died at 4:30pm today in the presence of Jay Byrd, Diane Colvard, Jack McKinney, and myself. He had been unable to walk properly since yesterday and spent his time lying on the grass on the front yard and then last night on the grounds of Dancing Waters Inn at friend David Baker's in Wimberley.
Xuankong Si teaches us to use the natural settings to their fullest advantage and to be prepared for the eventualities. Does the design of your structure use the natural setting to gain the desired results for those that abide there? Is it designed in such a manner that it will remain stable should a piece need replacement? Or is there a subtle flaw built in that will one day cause the whole to fall away in a dramatic moment?
Aside from the tangibles—insurance is half of what we’re paying w/ hubs’ company; pay is more than I was making when I had a full-time job; matching 401k, etc. etc.—the company climate seems amazing. Dress code? Jeans—and not just on Fridays. (Although I went shopping for jeans yesterday and frankly, it’s going to be harder than I thought to find jeans I think I look halfway decent in.) Pranks? When I was meeting w/ them on Tuesday they were discussing what to do to part of the team’s area when they are at a conference this week. Team building? Two days after I start, my department is taking a fieldtrip to the zoo for team building and fun.
6. Buy these things.
As you can see, I popped the white panel up with dimensionals and then tied twine from The Twinery through the die cut flags and around the edge of the cardstock. The sentiment that I used for this card was one that was already printed onto the patterned paper!
What I’m wearing:
So what does this have to do with the Law of Atttraction? A lot! Per the above illustration, just being around a rotten person does not automatically mean you will start to become rotten yourself. If you tend to be a negative person, you will have those people around you that are slowly being overcome with your negativeity and before you know it, you start having a negative attitude. It may start out as a little thing somewhere in your memory where you felt you weren’t treated right. It begins to grow daily, as you share this ‘unfairness’ with several of your co-workers. They agree with you and edify your position on the subject. Before you know it, several other workers are now spreading the poison to a wider circle of people that work there. More of the workers start complaining about the ‘unfairness’ and sure enough, a few more people jump on the band wagon. They have gone from a functional work force to a nonproductive workforce all due to one worker feeling that he was treated unfairly.
Miss Gleeson left her mark for good -
Add the cheese to the meat mixture and stir to combine. Use a cookie scoop to get enough meat to form a small meatball. Bigger is NOT better here. If you get the meatballs too big, the interior will not get hot before the croquette browns. Roll the meatballs between your palms as you would went making meatballs to ensure the meatballs are round and the outside is smooth. Place the meatballs on wax paper.
Just like many other perfume lovers, I was afraid it would be a floral fruity gourmand because of its pink juice like most new releases for the past few years. Flowerbomb, Coco mademoiselle, Ange ou démon le secret, Viva La Juicy are few examples. I won't hide that some notes/whiffs do refer to some of these, especially Coco mado and FB. However it's not a cloyingly sweet artificial scent, and it remains a floral woody oriental. And sophisticated.
We, my cousins and me, used to have food brought from home and eat at the Vicar’s dining room. We sometimes joined the sailing game after that. But the amusement slowly faded away. The other boys probably could not get enough paper to make boats everyday. Another reason was the lack of excitement in the competition. There was no skill involved. All that one was permitted to do was to blow merely to free the vessels that got
Just one more thing, because I think this has been getting lost in the shuffle: there is actual data out there about the impact pawn shops have on communities, and it reveals that pawn shops are bad for communities, for two reasons: 1) they correlate strongly with increased property crime and 2) they trap people who don't have access to credit in cycles of short-term debt that lead to long-term fiscal problems. Are pawn shops the end of the world, or even the worst thing facing Crown Heights? No, of course not - but crime and debt are serious issues, and I told Bob/Eugene as much when I spoke to him (the data I reference is linked here as well). Sure, pawn shops are legal (though the "jewelery store" may still be a zoning violation, in which case it is illegal), but legal and moral are not the same thing.
Using Microsoft Excel, I made a quick address label template (example shown below):
She resisted his advance.
And if there is one thing I have learned- I need to listen to me, and take care of my body.
The Aga Khan Development Network (AKDN) consists of a series of specialised agencies that have been brought into existence over the years since 1957 in response to needs that have been identified in many of the developing countries of Asia and Africa. It is rooted in the ethics of our faith, and it serves all the populations we seek to support, without regard to gender, race or faith.
1 pound lean ground beef (or turkey)
It is important for people who have reason to suspect that they may have contracted AIDS to get themselves tested. The President got himself tested (and publicly encouraged his ministers to take the test) in order to emphasize the importance of being clear on one’s HIV status if you are a person who may have participated in unsafe sex practices or have reason to suspect that you may have been exposed to the disease. This is however a relatively small issue compared to the larger question, which is how to conduct an AIDS awareness campaign.
“There is a special place in hell for women who don’t help other women.” (Madeleine Albright, 1937 – )
Side Effects of Aspirin.
I went to mass this morning, like I normally do. And no, I didn’t understand most of it: it’s in Italian. We waved palm branches, and I sang in choir. We read from the triumphal entry to the burial of Jesus, in Italian.
It’s always great to get out the office at lunchtime, take in fresh air, stretch the legs and take in the sights.
For the seashore and the sand
I was relieved to be off the hook.
1. Do you put Christmas decorations in every room of your house? If not every room, what rooms do you decorate?
but to their credit, each member
It was more than ten years latter before I met Don jr. and family up on Lambeth Drive.
5) We teach worldview through biographies – of Christians and non-Christians.
Next time I see Frankie Futtericker, I’ll point out that if the most popular elected official in town is the Tax Collector, it’s possible that the other pols running the town are really, really hated. Just a possibility, but ….
Strangely, my mother had never recalled ever seeing this poster. My grandmother must have purchased in 1970 and put it inside the book and forgotten about it. It was rather exciting to me, uncovering something of hers 'lost' for so long. We were very close and this felt like a brief renewal of our bond...
NC
Joining Jill at Breaking the Spine for her weekly Wednesday Meme.. Waiting on Wednesday were we post the books that we are patiently or not so patiently looking for at the library or at the store. This week I have been reading Matched and I am already looking forward to the next books in this series. I will have awhile to wait for the third book though since it appears to come out in November.
The causes of inflation being reasonably well understood, such madness is uncommon. It seems to be universal in the immigration analogue however, at least among very significant parts of the government, media, and population at large, who claim that racism, xenophobia, fascism, or some combination thereof is to blame for the reluctance of European populations to be taken over by Islam. Attempts to criminalize the perfectly natural responses of the original populations become (such as vociferous criticism or mockery of Islam) more prevalent. Again, the outcome of these developments is not yet clear, but it is unlikely to be positive. The only thing that can be predicted with certainty is the eventual rejection of the notion of citizenship foisted on people by their governments, in the same way that money is increasingly rejected Zimbabwe in favour of barter economies. This will be a catastrophe for immigrants who succeeded in genuinely adapting to their new homes. A new legal structure for citizenship, as inclusive as possible of existing immigrants whilst providing effective defence against Islam, should be considered a matter of some urgency.
BBQ Chicken Pizza
Da da da daan da, do lots.
Several factors have been in play in fighting the curfew and loitering bills to their current standstill.
Level 7: MP Cost: 24, Duration: 70 seconds.
No fact checking, no questioning the feasibility of deploying 10% of the United States Navy for a 3 day trip or that $200M/day is more than we spend in one day in Afghanistan.
Instead of patients, busy and frantic attorneys race around our law firms and into your office and mine, day in and day out, with a myriad of legal problems, deadlines, potential issues and crises and legal triage must be performed.
When you donate Books:
After a long wait, I am sure you folks have been standing around with your breath held and put your lives on hold to find out who the winner of our drawing is! We have drawn a number and we have a winner!!! Do you want to know who won?
Done making the paper!
I am eternally grateful for my tribe.
"Good work, Samantha," said a deep voice behind her. She spun around. A tall, very thin man was standing there, smiling uncertainly. His closely cropped silver hair contrasted sharply with his unlined face. His hands holding the program trembled.
This is a seriously adorable hat that I will be making again!
An insider says, “Ash spends all day with the baby. She caters to all of Beti B’s needs personally. She doesn’t leave the room even to have meals. It’s hard to believe, despite her family offering to share the work, Ash has refused to let anyone else take responsibility. She is enjoying motherhood thoroughly.”
She gets about:
Ace Raja Rani Jackie Matrum Joker
Last up, I masked her off with a post-it note and then airbrushed some background. When finished I paper pieced the letters. Notice how some of the green went into her skin tones....oops, fixed that with my E50 marker to push the green back out.
Now, on Friday (and yes, this bath must be on a Friday), you take a different bath. With this one, you take the same pot, but this time you put in rose petals, cinnamon (I prefer ground, but the sticks can do well, too) and orange peels. When it cools, add one tablespoon of honey, but before you do so, you must taste the honey.
5. Do you have anything exciting planned for the summer?
twinkling thoughts
Back to the bicycles, Shun ahead, me following along behind somewhat slowly. I tend to be slow this time of year. Between the birds, the flowers, the trees, the bushes, the butterflies, the spiders, the ladybugs... well, there are just a goodly number of things to be getting on with checking. I need more eyes.
about to hit him
Laboratory work and chemical assays are still fundamental for resource estimation and especially relevant for sandstone style uranium deposits in the determination of disequilibrium. The use of calibrated down hole gamma logs is standard practice in industry and is routinely used in exploration and resource estimates. One aspect of growth in the exploration of uranium has seen an increase in the use of portable x-ray fluorescence (XRF) devices that can be used to get an on the spot reading, whilst the drill rig is still set up.
Hope you can join us!!
I didn't know it could get that hot in February. Yet here it was, 77 degrees on a Thursday. So I went for a run in the park. There were a ton of people there -- a few walkers, some frisbee golfers, and the local high school baseball team beginning practice.
The spice of life!
On the short row back to the landing, Emily and Meg were busily conjecturing the innumerable terrifying possibilities of the treasure’s existence.
Been reading over some of my own old posts. Damn... I forgot how much fun it was to starve and fast with ya'll!
However these days this momentous feat is but the beginning for many a novel; a murmur of the glory to come. The mark of true success now lies upon a larger page, where the paper is replaced by heavy vinyl and the words are displaced by an unthinkably beautiful star studded cast.
3 c cake flour
Like two friends
Bad idea: Introducing your spouse to Ancestry.com just prior to handing him/her a list of long-deferred household chores you'd like him/her to complete whilst he's on Spring Break.
But the bilge-pipe spouts smoke instead of water. Not good. Our 12 year old captin hands the wheel over to the 7 year old first mate and leans over the back for the rest of the trip, holding smoething onto something or away from something near the waterline so that the engine can run. Looks of blank-faced concern.
Somehow my life has turned into a giant clusterfuck of shit. It seems like just when I think things are going to turn around, WHAM! More shit. Not that my life is horrible by any means. It just seems like everything hits the fan at the same time.
playing in the corridors.
towers
Children can get a bit lost inside their dangerous games, with very ominous consequences. Also, never listen to a talking stuffed blue cat, especially one that talks about real curses. An important lesson learned from a deceptively fluffy story.
So now im going to share with you some of the crazy and not so crazy lists I have made.
What exactly is an app? To put it roughly, it is a little program which shapes our daily life in a particular way. We can just see it for what it apparently is, a bit of cutting-edge technology. But I want to go a little bit further, into the depth of complexity, to shine a different light of definition on this whole idea of the app.
The sheet basket can stay on it's perfect and accessible shelf since it is accessed every week, next to my makeup and skincare basket, which is much smaller in comparison, and also needing to be accessed at least monthly as I run out of things. I choose to store this in my cupboard so as not to clutter up my bathroom cupboard.
batting measuring 18" x 20"
He should be there in a couple of days. OH MY!
At her hearing, she apologized to the court and her children, explaining that she didn’t understand why she had behaved in such manner and would seek counseling.
It's a want- a want that's so dear,
refused to be named. He mentioned that names held power over the being and he
Erm….
DK: It identifies the audience and opportunities for our clients and puts numbers against them. The CMR effectively becomes a template for a multiplatform sales pitch and a key tool in the selling of advertising around a brand and audience, as opposed to simply selling a single platform.
In recent years, the sharing and, in essence, globalization of garlic has suddenly globalized its issues. True seed projects seem to be the best hope for finding new resistance and building stock of nematode-seed.
I've been hearing that little prompt from deep inside my brain urging me to indulge, "treat myself". When I took the drugs out of the equation, food and buying things stepped up to the batters box. I get some sort of chemical boost in my brain when I act out on something and the fact that there may be consequences is totally ignored. Spend now, PAY later, literally. I am going to the doctor's this morning for my three month blood work to make sure my Lithium isn't cooking my kidneys, and that means I have to step on the scale. After a two week food plan hiatus, the weight gain will be luck a punch in the stomach but possibly even a worse outcome would be I consumed like a starving person and it didn't add up that badly. That would give me a reservation that I had wiggle room which I would be tempted to take advantage of like a crazy person. The very fact that my inner disease of addiction could tell me anything and I would believe it in a weak moment makes me very frustrated with myself. I know, I can't use anything to make me feel or not feel and get away with it long. So the theory of Indulgence is just that, an unprovable idea. Give me an inch and the disease takes a mile. So maybe today I will just be and feel whatever is happening in the moment and not believe the voice of disease when it tells me "Go ahead, just this once, spend some money, eat a pizza, you deserve it".
Richard Thorne, a Wyoming veteran that runs his own YouTube channel with 340 subscribers and 227,958 video views, gives out Alex Jones’s Infowars business cards, along with DVDs of Police State 3 which he clearly gave to other veterans at his visit to the VA, and even bible tracts, was treated as a possible enemy combatant and was threatened by police that he would lose his benefits without ever breaking any law.
As an added bonus, Annie is generously offering all of you readers 20% off your online purchases. Just use the coupon code "CUPCAKE" during checkout.
“ The years when you have seen only one set of footprints,
We are waiting for either the prompt publication of UDeCOTT’s Annual Report, accompanied by audited accounts, or some cogent public explanation for the unacceptable delay in so doing. For all this time to pass, with neither of those events to taking place, can only deepen the atmosphere of distrust. We, the taxpaying public, expect better from you, Ms. John.
Ok so a couple of years ago I was really into reading books about adult entertainers for some reason LOL, which is why I picked up the above "Candy Girl" by Diablo Cody (she wrote the movie "Juno") and "How to Make Love Like a P*rn Star" by Jenna Jameson. Both are memoirs and were utterly fascinating and entertaining to read!
The prep time was less than 15 minutes, ok, maybe 20. Enjoy !
Ok, so even if they’re just field testing the question, what educational purpose does this serve? The National Common Core Standards don’t have anything about secrets and neither do the NJ State Standards. I also hate the field testing aspect because it’s like you’re using the kids as lab rats. The test is already incredibly tough for 3rd graders and now you throw in a question that’s way out of left field. SMDH! My head hurts. Sometimes, I really don’t understand the decisions made by education policymakers. They seem so incredibly ass backwards.
John Doe #169
If you play along with this month's Pages With Papertrey Challenge, I'd love to see it! Please post a link either in this thread or in my comments.
Yogurt-5tbsp
At the time, 227gm could be bought for 79p and was something of a bargain against the likes of Lavazza at £1.99 a packet. Less than half the price.
It’s been six weeks now since the exhibit was mounted, and the boas are starting to sag. I can’t begin to imagine the kinds of health and hygeine laws such a display would be contravening in my home country. But here in France, anything goes. Vive Charlie, et vive la France.
Perfect Plum RGB: 133, 105, 128
And while I don't know what to expect in the next 12 months, I know I'll be okay. Everything is a cycle, and sometimes we have to die in order to come back.
I love toys, and as a girl i loved dolls especially..
So for me, I fight the battle every day. Unless I look in the mirror and see the reflection of Christ I cannot be satisfied. For those who play sports or participate in the martial arts, do we not always strive to be the best? Do we sit back and look at what we did yesterday or do we set our trophies up on a shelf and go back to training? Yes, it is good to celebrate the joy of serving the Lord. I enjoy the fruits of my service to God. But I can’t sit back and pat myself on the back, I must continue to strive, I must continue to run the race and run it to win. Paul says in Acts 20:24 (NIV) “I consider my life worth nothing to me, if only I may finish the race and complete the task the Lord Jesus has given me--the task of testifying to the gospel of God's grace.” The finish line for the Christian is Jesus Christ and we simply must strive and fight everyday to complete that race.
“We live in an age when to be young and to be indifferent can be no longer synonymous. We must prepare for the coming hour. The claims of the Future are represented by suffering millions; and the Youth of a Nation are the trustees of Posterity.” ~Benjamin Disraeli
Today we planted lots of the garden...enjoyed the sunshine. I let the little girls take their storage container out in the front yard and play in the hose water. Since there is never a dull moment here, things were going on. It isn't just all smooth sailing, we have our things to work out with the kids, which are not mine to talk about. But it is all good, Paul and I work together on things, and we have hope that all will be well.
Willie Revillame delivered a 25-minute speech last Friday evening. The opposition described the speech as lacking in substance as it failed to tackle land reform, economic goals, and foreign policy.
Many, though not all, mean very little to me. I’m proud of the achievements and of the hard work that went into the accomplishment. But do I really need a lapel pin from placing near the top in the National Spanish Exam in high school?
This one pours a very clear yellow with a pretty nice white head. I'm going to call it a pilsner already, because the head is throwing off that pilsner funk. Seems kind of sweet, so I'm going with German.
With these statistics I think everyone should think carefully before deciding on hormone replacement therapy. Is one problem trading off for the risk of another problem, possibly a greater problem? Why do we see such an increase in heart attacks, strokes, and blood clots? 100% increase in blood clots, this is NOT GOOD. As we age we naturally lose elasticity in our blood vessels. We can of course off set this by practicing Yoga! Thankfully, there is so much each and every one of us can do to maintain and manage our health. SELF CARE IS THE BEST CARE. Practicing Yoga not only keeps the body fit and strong, it keeps the blood vessels more elastic and youthful.
I recently discovered a new board game called Space Alert and it was a great game that I’d recommend it for all my friends.
Maybe I'm craving chaos again!? maybe the same guy for so long is tiring! (longest relationship), maybe I'm just mentally ill!
Learning to swim and park – okay will come back to those maybe next month! I have no prospect of buying a car right now so that will have to wait. : )
My favorite is the Peanut Butter & White Chocolate DrizzleCorn. I really could eat the whole bag. It's delicious. The description on their website really sums it up for me.
Figured some of us could use a reminder and a few tips of how to deal with the control freaks in our life!
22 days
The Milani Baked Blushes are available on Milani's website and also on Cherry Culture
Suddenly, this event moved to the top of my to-do list for Saturday and all thoughts about turkey platters flew right out of my head!
When potatoes come out of the oven, slice and add a pat of butter to each one. Check the veggies. When they are roasted to your satisfaction, spoon them into the potato. Top with feta or goat cheese. DELICIOUS.
Why is the junta going after Cissé? I can’t say, but they’ve been targeting him for some time; let’s recall that armed men ransacked his home on the very first night of the coup.
08 Crawl
Well, I better go...and work on English...ugh. Wish me luck.
dear gentle members of the "Dragon's Needle Embroidery Guild" and "-eMail Group"!
I daydream a lot. Off in my own little world, thinking about things that might not (probably won’t) ever happen.
Even as lense material become less bulky and painful in weight, my glasses remained kinda/sorta obnoxiously thick.
So I went to my office the following day, filled with absolute certainty that by the time I got home I would find it. That didn’t happen either. Rats!
Serves: 8 Serving generous amounts, could serve a larger crowd. I cook this amount almost daily so it was easier for me to write this recipe, but yu could reduce the recipe to half easily.
Syrians, cut up those that came as supplicants, and searched their bellies. Nor
Chaired by:
I want to say, too, that I am so grateful for the Mom who went before us and helped teach a young doctor. We are reaping the benefit of the seed she planted. That first Mom was an advocate for her daughter, willing to work alongside a young doctor and learn together the best ways to care for her daughter.
"Ziggy! What are you doing?"
"It had been much labour to shift the uppermost piece of brickwork upon which the grave slab rested.
I have no idea why but I was reading through the list : denial, repression etc and I just got so angry.
Before I continue with various lists, I just want to say that I truly enjoy Design on Deck. It's unique and I really love his card designs. I don't believe I've actually ever told him that but I wanted to be sure to say something here. I wish he could print and issue his cards.
The giveaway will be open from March 1- March 10 and a winner will be announced March 12!!
Sure, it not for everyone or every baby. Many parents find they don’t sleep as well. Or baby wakes at every movement or sound. This is where I would suggest you still keep your child close. Studies have shown that, even just having your child in a crib in the same room promotes almost the same closeness.
Two men from Canyon Country were arrested as part of the largest parole sweep in Los Angeles County, authorities confirmed Friday. On Thursday, 77 people were arrested across the county for violating the terms of their parole. About 1,000 officers from 17 local, state and federal agencies conducted parole sweeps on about 300 parolees who had been arrested on felony charges for weapons possession or gang involvement, according to a statement from Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger’s office. “Operation Disarm” netted two arrests in the Santa Clarita Valley, Gordon Hinkle, a California Department of Corrections spokesman, said in an e-mail Friday.
The flicker and play of flashlight beams haunt me through the forest, a dog barks, breaking the silence for an instant. A game of cat and mouse has begun.
Tip #013: See all other ruins before seeing Machu Picchu.
Yet, BAC is 'contraindicated' in the one place where the woman is most able to proceed well, and the one place where the midwife is able to work without restrictions.
Also known as things to keep me from not going crazy when I’m not raiding.
I know, you have said it three times already.
I may not be worth a lifetime
In the US, JP Morgan is a Rothschild front.
Is it unwise to see “forever” in another person? When all feels perfect, we continue never having control of another person’s heart or change of decisions for what they believe in. Perhaps the wise people in love see a “hope of forever” rather than a belief in it. Well, past is past and gone, but I want to continue in life using any wisdom I’ve gathered along the way and avoid perceptions that are perhaps unwise.
1/2 med red onion
During my review, I did not go with a bed set since I had already purchased the Zebra Pink Bedding Set for my little girl's Easter. The bedding set that I picked matched all of the items I reviewed and came with a pillow sham, comforter, bed skirt and window valance. With this I was half-way there. Right before Easter I decided to paint her room hot pink and in the hot pink I mixed in silver glitter, which is amazing.
After a while watching the kids footballing, it occured to me that here was an opportunity to kick a ball again. Something I haven't done for more years than I care to remember. The next think the ball is walloped into the air and I see my chancee to volley it as hard as possible. I leapt like a salmon and hit it good and proper - the kids were impressed at first, then amazed as I continued my trajectory - "arse over tit" I think the phrase is. Seconds later I hit the hard gravel floor and my head smacks the ground like a hammer. After the initial shock and pain I was OK. My wedding trousers and shirt however were full of crap - all down the back. The kids (kids? They're all 30-ish!) rallied round trying to get as much muck off me as possibe, perhaps sensing that they too would be in the women's bad books.
One of the researchers now says going a step further and compelling bakers to add the vitamin would lead to even greater gains.
Fuji FinePix Z1-type memory card is the xD.
INHALE blurb:
As a white South African I made a choice to join the struggle for a democratic South Africa, as a Jew I choose to support equal rights of all who live in Israel, the West Bank and Gaza and as a white person in America for the past 37 years, I choose to support human rights including economic rights for all.
Method – ‘Put the yolks into a basin, add the mustard, salt and pepper, stir quickly with a wooden spoon. Add the oil, first drop by drop and afterwards more quickly, and at intervals a few drops of the vinegar. By stirring well, the mixture should become the consistency of very thick cream. Lastly, add the cream, stirring all the while. A little cold water may be added if the sauce is found to be too thick. In hot weather, the basin in which the Mayonnaise is made should be placed in a vessel of crushed ice.’
Shigeru’s classmate, and is part of the tennis club sporty and genki, uhh… shes also coming from a quite rich family it seems as she has a pimped out dress hmm… uhh I think I can’t think clearly anymore…
I like the rustic feel of the handles with the contemporary edge of the clean translucent Lucite. This piece will be a great way to add something unexpected to any space. The Nautical look is classic and is always on trend in different incarnations.
We rent in an Home Owner’s Association (HOA) neighborhood. The HOA is pretty crazy about how your house looks, ie IF you have any weeds, trash cans out, statues, or any other type of montrosity you will get FINED! A montrosity is deemed as anything that they don’t like or looks hideous.
12. Smoke (2:56)
This actually relates to Ockham’s razor, which I’ve apparently neglected to provide its own entry yet. These supposed “anomalies” are often held up as being evidence of some new and strange phenomenon, but if that phenomenon is something completely unproven, then a more mundane explanation might be far more reasonable to assume, even if we can’t be sure of all the details. There was no plausible mundane explanation – one that didn’t introduce some new assumption – as to why Uranus’ orbit shouldn’t fit the calculations; but people thinking they see stuff in the sky can easily be explained without bringing aliens into the equation. The Moon confuses some people. We know that boring stuff is often what causes these things. Saying that it might do so again, even without absolute proof, isn’t much of a stretch.
Interrogatory No. 5
We think landscapes only exist out of the city, but the High Line is proof they don’t have to. We should give high streets over to landscape architects more than retailers. I would like to see town centres become like huge gardens or playgrounds. Give it to the skateboarders and BMX kids – the people they shoo away from these areas – because these are the people who actually know how to use urban areas. We should embrace the dynamism that they bring.
It's so nice to see BAM really embracing its history this year.
I wrote another letter to get it out of my system. Did a burning ritual. Made little voodoo dolls with your logo as the head. But here I am again. Needing to publicly post my perturbation to processes the pain.
Cracow Klezmer Band—“Balan; The Book of Angels vol. 5”
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone out there! I have always celebrated this day, not as a Pilgrim type thing, but instead as a opportunity to show the world that I am grateful for what is Good in my life. May this post find you warm and fed! Thank you for your interest!
My version:$20, a lot of time, and so much more meaningful!
The bed on the left is for the legumes. We started some broad beans off in an old grow bag at my Grandad's house and we have transfered them up to the allotment now they are big enough. We've planted a second lot of broad beans directly in to the soil to offer a successional crop..
The album ends on two gems of songs firstly In The Grave, a mesmeric and captivating slice of progressive/epic rock. Though not convinced by the vocals at times the song still leaves one deeply satisfied by the musicianship and emotive sounds displayed. The closing Bury The Dead is the perfect finale, a track that slowly emerges like a warm and reassuring day, its arms extended and welcoming the emotions in to full and expressive passionate keys. The instrumental is touching and evocative, and further evidence of the talent and promise of Litrosis.
How did this happen? I dare not ask WHY. Just do not go there. But when I have days like this I just think...how in the world did this happen. I will work through my hurt and thoughts today and get back to the I can do it and we will do whatever ..I call that my RE-GROUPING .
The toddler has been in school almost a month. Holy.crap.
We were also concerned with it being planted only 24" away from the house,
On the return trip, the bar was open for alcoholic drinks, and I was not pleased with two of our travel companions - young guys, frat boy types. It was early afternoon, and they appeared to already be poised for the business of serious drinking. It is one of my personal irritants - people who feel that alcohol is a NECESSARY condition for fun and that parties, outings, and socializing without alcohol is boring, as are people who do not share their love.
I envision my Etagere as a bright Chinese red color paired with my favorite books, pictures and 2 neon blue foo dogs.
Lindorff, D. (2012, February 28). President Barack Obama and His Key Advisors are a Gang of War Criminals. Common Dreams. Retrieved from http://www.commondreams.org/view/2012/02/28-11
When you are ready to eat, combine oat mixture and chai. Microwave for about 1 to 1 and a half minutes. Add diced pear and agave nectar to taste.
Nelson Sauvin IPA 6.8%
Let’s not forget about Romney’s extensive liabilities. He is as progressive as Obama is and the GOP has gone far right. Obama will tear into his record at Bain, gutting him out and showing the American public that he is heartless. At a time when Wall Street is on the American people’s last nerve, this will not bode well. For the record, the attacks are over the top and unfair but still, this is Romney’s defining selling point. You take this away from him, fairly or unfairly, and he has nothing. Furthermore, Romney’s authentic inauthenticity problem isn’t going away any time soon.
10. (C) When Charge asked why the CIC would attack Baidoa if it meant an Ethiopia/TFG response, Meles said that the CIC wants to provoke Ethiopia into a war in Somalia so the EU and the US will pressure Ethiopia to stop. But some in the CIC are not so sure that the US and EU will make that recommendation, and others doubt Ethiopia will bend to pressure. In response to the Charge’s urging, Meles reiterated his previous statements that Ethiopia wants to wait for the UNSC to lift the embargo on the TFG and authorize IGASOM. Although this allows the CIC to acquire more arms and expertise, Ethiopia also needs to prepare its logistics in any case. A greater danger than an arms build-up in the CIC is the spread of Islamist Jihad ideology, Meles argued. For now, Ethiopia has friends in Somalia as
Because 1 kHz is below cutoff the mode in the waveguide is a TEM mode. The mode consists of a horizontal B field perpendicular to the direction of propagation and a vertical electric field. With perfect conductors, the mode is uniform in the vertical direction. As the wave propagates in the waveguide, the top of the wave is approximately at the bottom of the ionosphere. Above the heated region, waves are also launched along the Earth’s magnetic field. In the near-field ( BX1 and BY1) one can see the pulse being radiated downward. It strikes the ground and reflects back up to the ionosphere. Part of the energy propagates up the field lines into the ionosphere. This is the bubble seen rising up. The D-region is highly collisional and damps this wave. Looking at BX2 and BY2 one can see that the energy mainly stays in the waveguide. If one looks closely at the top of the wave in the waveguide the wave appears to be curved. The waveguide mode is coupling into the bottom of the D-region and driving a whistler mode up the field lines. The whistlers have a much lower velocity than the waveguide mode and can only propagate along the field lines. This acts to curve the top of the waves. These waves help form the bubble that propagates up the field line. Because of this, the diameter of the bubble is much larger than the heated region.
My personal belief was that these "sports detergents" were nothing more than a marketing scheme and nice smelling soap. I was not going to make this challenge easy for them. I pulled out the big guns including.....3 sets of sweaty kid hockey gear that missed a few washings (on purpose....just for this challenge). There is nothing that compares to hockey stank. Even my sweet little Diva makes me gag when she is done playing.
Nanton has an attractive downtown area but it is not, by any means, a bustling town with numerous restaurants. We ended up eating at Rumors Bar & Restaurant, a local hangout. After parking the Trek out back in a field, we went inside and immediately made our way to their outside patio area to avoid eating in the dark and smoky bar area.The food was simple but tasty: steak and fries with a cold beer. We were there less than five minutes when a local ranch hand came to check us out. After making some cowboy poses, he came over and sat down. I don't think Nanton gets a lot of strangers stopping in. Anyway, he was nice enough and regaled us with stories of people he knows that married American women who then had endless problems getting back into the US. Although this did not make much sense to me, I just smiled and nodded. He also told us about ranching and being a professional hockey player, giving us a 45-minute glimpse into an world very different from ours. We enjoyed talking with him... this is what traveling around is all about!
Chris won the New England Book Award in 2002, and his novel, Midwives, was a number one New York Times bestseller, a selection of Oprah’s Book Club, a Publishers Weekly “Best Book,” and a New England Booksellers Association Discovery pick. His work has been translated into over 25 languages and twice become movies (“Midwives” and “Past the Bleachers”).
The Mark
17Son of man, I have made thee a watchman unto the house of Israel: therefore hear the word at my mouth, and give them warning from me.
Lots of people tell me I look great--I work hard at that. But I don't want anyone to think this was a picnic. Cancer Treatment is very difficult. But I have a God who has given me the grace and the dignity to handle it well. I have been able to do it without whining--and that is really good for me. I have had the support of friends and family--and you know who you are. A wonderful husband--couldn't ask for a better one. And we are beating this thing. Happy knitting to all!!
So I decided to give a car to a favorite boy of mine. Not my son. I adore the kid, but he'll have to share my Prius for the next four months. Nope. I'm giving a car to my main character.
09-19-2011
Jews: The “other” chosen people. Unbeknownst to them, their history, rituals, culture, and religion are remarkably similar to those of Mormonism.
The uniforms will hit the field on opening day of the 2011-12 college football season and throughout the year during some of fiercest rivalries in college football. Dates include Oregon vs. LSU at Cowboys Stadium (9/3), Boise State vs. Georgia at the Georgia Dome (9/3), Michigan State vs. Michigan (10/15), LSU vs. Auburn (10/22), Ohio State vs. Wisconsin (10/29), Stanford v. Notre Dame (11/27) and the annual service academy bragging rights matchup between two of the nation’s most prestigious football programs ? Army vs. Navy (12/10).
Continental did a nice job taking care of everyone. They were pleasant, fed us many times and came by with water many many times, no issues staying hydrated.
When the distant clangs throw it off the course,
I have this one for a couple of years, yet it doesn't seem like it, as it takes just a touch of the roll on to make you smell as fab as a gorgeous garden at summer in midnight.
My friend/co-worker surprised me one day, I was relaying a story about verbally tearing a strip off of my daughter in a store and feeling so bad about it......and at the end she said she was relieved to hear I had moments where I thought I was a complete failure, because according to my online reporting, life looks to be so picture perfect for me. Really?
you curse Providence for
Do have any advice for someone who wants to write?
The team have some examples here to give your tastebuds a tickle so if you'd like to know more details then pop over to our personal blogs by clicking the linked names below.
Buckwheat pancakes (Can get the pancake mix at Loblaw’s/Dominion health food section) for breakfast
4) Find out what commercials you're better for, focus on them, and have your agent focus on them too.
They tortured me into admitting that I was in on the escape…and that my 2 room-mates knew about it.
relevant committee was “carried
Jo
10. To The Unknown Man - Vangelis / 9:07
West Regional Finals/US Airways Center/Phoenix, AZ
So we will have a wee dram for you on Tuesday Dad from all those Christmas bottles you never got a chance to drink, and I will make little Yorkshire puds and roast beef, your most fav meal (even in January). There will be Charlie Pride and Tom T Hall on the stereo, and lots of talk. You liked to tell a story, and you told one well. You were funny and wise and gentle, and right to the end were thanking the lovely Oncology staff for helping you . They appreciated it.
She also used an understanding of how to wear clothes to her advantage. Wikipedia claims that during her early aviation training she wore a leather jacket, but mindful of the image she needed to project to her male colleagues who would be judging her, slept in it for three days to get a worn in look. With a sound working knowledge of sewing and an understanding of the functionality of material and garments gained from her own aviation gear, Earheart was able to release her own fashion line of clothing to help finance her flying expeditions and was probably the first celebrity designer in America. She appeared in Vogue, wrote for Cosmopolitan and the clothes she designed for women were ahead of their time. The attributes of the line are described in more detail in Mary Hall's article but they included durable and washable fabrics, suit separates that could be bought in different sizes to suit differing body shapes, practical details such as shirt tails for women and to top it all off, they were inexpensive.
The matter of the Sacrament is bread and wine. Why the Lord used the species of bread and wine, two principal reasons can be mentioned:
If you have any questions regarding this topic or would like more information please check out my website at www.bodyeverlasting.com
The Director, Miss Ratcher walked into the dining room and screamed, “No. Do not jump. We will get the ladder and rescue you.”
Fuckin' thoughts...
I had to get back to Oxfordshire that night and go to pick up my books next morning before giving them out at Bampton Library. Which did not leave me much time for filling in the numbers in the back of the books. But I managed it. And got given a book myself! (All Quiet on the Western front, which I had never read).
Adapted from Food Network.com
Pelfrey has been known as an innings eater but whether he gives those innings as quality is up to debate, which is why I think people get annoyed with him. That he can make you pull your hair out. On a day where Phillip Humber pitches a perfect game for the Chicago White Sox in his first complete game and first shutout…yes, you read that right…we need a feel good story for homegrown Pelfrey…you know, the guy we kept instead of sending off to Minnesota for Johan Santana.
Today, I will share with you how to make these CUTE Washi Tape flags for your projects. I've really had a great time playing and creating all sorts of embellishments for my Project Life with these Washi Tapes. I absolutely LOVE all the assortments of colors and designs that are available.
In my sadness and when I laugh
I know agents are divided on this topic. Some say they welcome a re-query as long as you've made significant improvements.
Yes. That's right! We always perform in wedding dresses and our name can be translated as The Band of Brides. The idea originally was Melkorka's. When we started she was writing a screenplay about a group of girls who play in a band and are dressed as brides. We were supposed to star in the film and thus we needed to aquire the minimal rockstar skills. Ironically, he film was supposed to be about a cruel world and the band's crushed dreams. Now that doesn't really describe us does it? Anyway, the filmproject got abandoned because the real thing was so much more fun and the band, like Frankenstein, claimed it's independence from it's master.
Unprecedented drills cause consternation on American right
Read and annotate chapters 7 of The Great Gatsby for Thursday, May 10.
I started up the stairs, with my milk can in one hand and an empty cover – such as we carry milk in - in the other hand, and was about half way up the second flight when I saw a very old, feeble lady coming down, holding on to the banister for support. No thought of a ghost entered my mind at the time. I supposed someone in the house was up at an unusually early hour, or that possibly someone was sick. I pressed against the wall to let her pass me, and she did so. I saw that she was about 80 years old and very wrinkled. I also noticed that she wore a black dress, a black cap faced with white, and a black shawl. She made no noise as she went by me, and my curiosity being aroused at seeing such an old lady at that hour going out of the house, I turned to watch her, but to my astonishment, she had mysteriously disappeared. There was not a door anywhere on the flight of stairs where she passed me. I went up to Mrs. Day’s door and poured the milk into the pail she had left in the hall to receive it and left the house. I had no thought at the time of having seen a ghost, or whatever you may call it.
“Yes, but only the last part. As Isaiah said, I was asleep under the pine tree. But, when Isaiah jumped from the porch, and began racing toward the fence, he woke me with his loud, expletive language. I came around the house to see what all the commotion was about. So I did see the cruel little man running to jump in his vehicle and drive away. Although, I did tell Isaiah, I thought he should put the latch back down on the gate. I didn’t think it was a good idea to leave it open all afternoon. But then, when did Isaiah ever listen to me. Besides, he had his own reasons for wanting to leave it open.”
I know, I circle all my candyflosses endlessly and dive like a love-drunk kingfisher again and again into the same cherry blossom.
So...all in all...a great weekend. OH! And Kathleen arrived home safe and sound yesterday too! She has a few extra freckles from her trip to Florida, and I'm SO happy to have her back!
I have no idea if any of that has been helpful at all. Maybe it's more about planning for next year than winning through this year. Good luck to y'all, and don't forget to throw a donation the way of the Office of Letters and Light to make sure there *is* a next year!
The Judges in the law court, w
Full-time: Newcastle win at Stamford Bridge in the league for the first time since 1986 thanks to a fine team performacne cornwed by two extraordinary goals by Papiss Demba Cissé, who is quite possibly th e best ever January recruit by a Premier League team. Read More
In the Weekly Republican Address, Florida Senator Marco Rubio explains the failures of the Obama administration. He contrasts those with the promise of America that he and Republicans believe in, if the government stops doing the wrong things.
In Tua Nua Seven into the sea IRL
There's still plenty of time to join in the challenge and you could win some fabulous prizes!
_____I know the exact button to push when I want my girl to disappear. The power button on my modem. Internet love affairs are the best! (funny affair quote)
The sound and the melody was so enchanting. Then he woke up,surprisingly Sangguana
Perhaps most importantly, all of this points to the fact that your current agent is not doing his job if he will not at least ask his co-agents to represent your book overseas. If that is the case, consider switching agents for your next book. Keep in mind, though, that foreign rights are not always easy to sell (it varies greatly, depending on the genre), and it may be that your agent ran it by his co-agents and they rejected it. Don’t make assumptions until you’ve gathered all the facts.
and Fleur de Lis and Hobby House pearls
no holes
I also had a mum stop me at the stupidmarket to tell me I revolutionised dinnertime at her house.
That was two weeks ago and now I am delighted to say that our boy is back! We had a week of a very off tummy and lots of sleepless nights but since he finished his course he as been bright as a button. Seriously, he has been running around and giggling.
Please don’t mind me. I am just an “old dog trying to learn new tricks.”
The only thing I didn’t like was the end, it ran over and people had to go and there was no formal Goodbye, or certificate giving or even a photo shoot, which left me a bit lost. Similarly, the translation between the two languages maybe made things take longer and maybe it would have been better to stick to English or German. However, I was so tired at the end all I wanted to do was get back to the Hotel and crash out! Do look at the articles below.
NOTE: And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them. And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works. And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works. And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death. And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
And I didn't think RT/Russia Television could get any worse, with their nonstop (and then some) coverage, of all things kumbaya/Zuccotti Park (spakle ponies for everyone!). Until perchance I espied (every one's favorite) Rachel Maddow, one morn last week, as live guest/talking head. Each day the fourth estate and the IslamoCommieJunta write/produce/direct a new scene, a new act. More foul, more odius, more cringeworthy, more frightening, and more bone chilling than before.
Feeling enriched by my morning's volunteering I continued on my way. I only managed 2 more buildings as had other plans for the afternoon but went on a fascinating tour around the King's Fund in Cavendish Square and was amazed to discover a convent tucked away down a mews yards from John Lewis that I never knew existed and had some very interesting conversations in John Nash's only church, All Souls Langham Place.
But WAIT! There's MORE! In addition to the one random winner at the end of the 3 weeks, the DT will be choosing their "SECRET FAVES"...one from each of the THREE WEEKS. You will all go MAD wondering who those secret faves are!
This is where I ask you to make me look super cool and plaster JIAD love all over these awesome blogs - Let's show these super talented, sweet, amazing ladies how awesome all of YOU are!
15. JIM LAKER (ENG) Right Arm Offbreak (1946-65)
Our very beloved Betty MacDonald Fan Club Honor member, Monica Sone passed away Monday in Aultman Hospital, Canton, OH at the age of 92.
About 250 amendment supporters crowded a ballroom at the Hilton North Raleigh for the celebration that was part standard-issue campaign victory party and part wedding reception.
“14. That defendants are about to consolidate the ownership of the plaintiff’s property (T.C.T. No. 43872 of the Register of Deeds of Angeles City) in their names and register the said consolidation of ownership with the Register of Deeds of Angeles City, upon the expiry date of the redemption period (June 9, 1995); the desire and willingness of the plaintiff to exercise her right of redemption notwithstanding.”
The last speaker was Dids Macdonald of IPAN. She told us about the work of IPAN. It is not a lobbying organisation although some of its member organisations are. It publishes in its website issue briefs on a number of IP related issues. As its name suggests it seeks to raise awareness of IP.
Till there came a time in the law of life
for I will yet praise him,
The internal voices are still strong. However my anxiety is not internal. (Depression yes it probably is but that's another story). I am learning to isolate my strong anxiety and remind myself it is a separate entity. For me it is not even my own voice. How very telling!
Eastwell Golding and Late Eastwell Golding
Ebbett’s Good to Go is on our way to OTG: 5th & Minna, SF! 11-2 w/ chili-lime steak, chix with bacon & buttermilk slaw, Cubans, Asian tofu, pickles & brownie bites!
The blog hop will end on Saturday at Midnight EST.
She wrote this article in appreciation of her husband, and it’s a must-read, especially for men looking for some appreciation and encouragement.
- When I was Joe was published in America. The reviewer for Kirkus warned that its many Briticisms would act as ‘speedbumps’ for American readers.
Glen Sather's solution? - Signing the ancient Donald Brashear for pretty much the same money but for only two years. Incredulously, Sather signed the same guy who cheap-shot'd Blair Betts the year before. Brashear played maybe 5 minutes before he fell apart and disappeared. He is still collecting a pay check from the Rangers this year. Derek Boogaard was signed for the same dollar range as Orr was requesting.
and you will praise the name of the LORD your God,
Three MONTHS!
try something on and everyone ask you to come out and
But aside from that little detail, it was a great story. Brenda shares very openly about her life, both the good and the bad. From living on food stamps to becoming a multimillionaire. She shares about the accident that left her son brain damaged and a bit about his recovery. Being a special needs mom myself, I would have enjoyed reading more on this, but I understand that there were many other stories to be told. Through all of these unexpected twists and turns, Brenda turns to God for strength and guidance. While she admits that she did many things wrong, I think it was a great and very honest story about relying on God through the hard times. Overall, I was happy with it and look forward to reading her first book, First Things First, which she cowrote with her husband. Football fan or not, this is a good book!
*Favorite TV show these days?
It was never possible to completely prevent such knowledge from being discovered and disseminated. It was only a question of whether the knowledge would become public, or would instead be classified by government biowarfare divisions.
Sometimes I get a little distracted in the house search and spend more time pinning all sorts of beautiful spaces instead of nailing the perfect trifecta of price, location and potential.
I suppose that a BBQ joint should only be judged by the quality of their meats. In this case they were clear hits. But to miss so often and so badly with the starters and sides is really inexcusable. In Motown musical vernacular, this would be the same as having a couple tone-deaf Supremes backing up Diana Ross.
More results from the Destinationcamp’12
At last I will unite all of My precious family and we will all live in harmony, peace, love and joy for eternity.
Even if feathers are ruffled
Walking Into the Unexpected
I have to hand it to Idol for last night. By cramming 14 performances into a 2-hour block, they kept the judge and Iovine banter to a minimum. As a bonus, not all of those performances sucked! Now will the show follow past precedents and boot two of the contestants this week or will they stretch this thing out by another week?
If you’re a lapbooking pro then you already know how awesome an HoaC super membership would be!
i go you go, my dear; and whatever is done
Oh yeah - I've just had another email from Bec - letting me know that my new magnolia stamps are in the post.. Stay tuned as i will ink them up and create something fab!
Thank you for the pureed recipe suggestions......I am trying to find a varied diet that doesn't only include chocolate! Chocolate melts in the mouth so is very easy to eat which is great.
I have a scan some time in January and will get the results the following month. I'm not looking forward to that at all.
I'm a Baby Boomer. And I remember the hot pants craze very well. We all wore them. The shorter the better. Of course we were much younger then. I'd feel absolutely naked (and.. er.. embarrassed) wearing them now.
Last night my husband and I dined at Cinco. This restaurant has 4 locations around the Atlanta area. We dined at the Akers Mill Road location. The atmosphere of this restaurant inside was really nice. I really liked the decor and there is dining available on the rooftop too. I did some research ahead of time and found out the that chips, salsa, salads and tacos requested using corn tortillas were gluten-free. While I was there I asked if the braised beef enchiladas were made with corn tortillas and I was told they were so I order that and a Cinco Margarita. They make the margaritas pretty strong, but I enjoyed it. The salsa served with the chips was smoky and had just enough kick that you could feel it, but not too potent. We ordered guacamole to start and that arrived late…..about 2 minutes before our entrees. The service at this location is just plain slow. We were scheduled to see a show after dinner so I had to be forceful in asking where our guacamole was and in requesting the check.
The movement of the ritual, from the centre of the camp, out into the desert, suggests and enacts the movement of impurity. The impurity is removed away from God and his people, and out of the camp. Away from holiness, and purity, out into the neutral desert. Away from order and out into chaos. An eradication of the impurity of transgression is not in view, but rather a removal of impurity from the camp, limiting the effect it can have upon the covenantal relationship.
I could have wept!!
Now what’s a Flushie you say?? Well it’s the distinct award given out by Syp at the end of each year. Syp has been blogging about games for years now, I got to know him years ago when he had his Warhammer Online blog and I’ve been reading his stuff ever since!
He spurts rather than spits, and a few drips splatter onto his shirt, onto the bench. Very little into the spittoon. Next few he tastes a bit, a bit more, sucks in air with each sip, doesn't finish the glass. He pours the last mouthful directly into the bucket. Henry observes the wastage of a not insignificant portion of some $100 wine. Tom stands there, hands folded. Everyone is inwardly rolling their eyes.
She has worked and continues to work miracles without number in the Church, to the ends of the world.
I am so pleased I finally decided to have a go at blogging, it's been and is a really fun journey and I have made some lovely friends along the way and feel so proud to be part of five fabulous Design Teams,thanks girls you are all fantastic and make it all so much fun.
End of story. Tune in tomorrow for: MORE DANGERS. –Jim Sherman
Look, Margie. I know it's been a few decades since you asked all those questions about your boobs and your period and crap like that. Now that you're a 52 year-old Walmart greeter with a failed marriage and a daughter who became a Scientologist, I'm sure those questions are more or less moot. I suppose you have a whole other list -- which I'm also not going to answer. Instead I wanted to clear something up for you.
GINGRICH: I think, look it’s a great question. You start with the question, do you really believe NASA in it’s current form is the most effective way of leveraging investment in space? We now have a bureaucracy sitting there, which has managed to mismanage the program so well that in fact we have no lift vehicle. So you almost have to wonder, what does the Washington office of NASA do? Does it sit around and think space?
May this be a comfort to you who are currently shivering through Autumn and Winter in the Northern Hemisphere. Alas, for me, Submarino season is coming to an end.
#8 1981 Jim Jordan EP Eastwood Shot Put 64'3"
This man endured much but he was still able to create a good life for himself. Sure he made mistakes – and some of them were very heartbreaking terrible mistakes – but in spite of that, or maybe because of it, he lived life to the fullest.
Just wanted to share my recent attempt at the challenge from "The Colour Room", palette # 73. This weeks colours are just devine and to have a fantastic example to help you get inspired what more can I say then, Lets get started!!!
Add flour stir well and cook out for about 3 minutes
Kids are known to get out bed at nighttime for various reasons. Such as, a drink of water, to go potty, or they are just plain 'ol not sleepy. But Mae is not like most kids. She likes to take things to a whole other level. Mae comes out for thinking too much. Her mind gets whirring at night when she lays down, and she'll come out to ask questions or to voice a concern. All of which border on the ridiculous and are not really important, especially when the light of day hits.
Museum of Art
1/2 tbsp fine dessicated coconut (optional)
The “Zach Brown Band” as I like to call him displays incredible athleticism, however his size is a meer 6-2 230 lbs. One of things you have to appreciate about Brown is his coverage ability as he seems to feel very natural and comfortable settling into coverage. Brown has safety speed and cover skills to pick up backs coming out of the backfield and shows the ability to turn and run with players vertically when asked to. Brown is also an effective blitzer whose closing speed and acceleration/burst to get after the QB is second to none in this linebacker class and has even drawn comparisons to potential Defensive Rookie of the Year Von Miller now with the Denver Broncos. Brown’s knack for getting in the backfield and disrupting timing and passing lanes is something that cannot be taught and comes very natural to him. I would like to see him be utilized more in this capacity at UNC as I don’t believe his 5.5 sacks on the year do him any justice in this department and his skill-set could be used better by the Tarheel’s coaching staff. The questions I have in regards to Brown come in his ability to make any sort of impact in the run game. His smallish frame makes him an easy target for downfield blockers and most of his tackles happen down the field. He needs to become more aggressive and show me the type of instincts to consistently make plays in the backfield and disrupt plays before they happen. I will say that Brown is a pretty slippery player who knows how to avoid blocks and escape oncoming defenders, however I would like to see him stick his head in the play more often and show the type of aggressiveness and willingness to make an impact in the running game. Right now I am up in the air on Brown as I feel he has a very unique skill-set with his ability as a blitzer and player in coverage, but his ineffectiveness in the running game concerns me to a degree. Brown natural fit is at weak side linebacker in a 4-3 scheme and it will be imperative that whoever drafts him has the players up front to keep him clean and best utilize his skills in the areas of blitzing and coverage.
3½ cups confectioners sugar
Indeed the Brain Man has given me the rather thrilling idea of engaging with my anxiety and self doubt. Telling it that I will talk to it but to my timetable. No more will I lie awake at 3am and listen to all those hideous things I have previously told myself. I will tell it to fuck off and that I will listen and respond at 10am. A civilised hour where we both have a level play field. Tonight is my first attempt. I'll let you know how I get on.
Well, then it worked. The girl can sing.
That’s what most people remember about Harry Harrison’s classic novel Deathworld, if they remember anything at all. What is too often forgotten is that the real story was one of adaptation and learning to live with the environment of Pyrrus rather than just battling it in a forever war.
In God’s way, every situation is a learning experience. God teaches us through pruning, as we are part of him. “John 15:5 1. 5″I am the vine; you are the branches. If a man remains in me and I in him, he will bear much fruit; apart from me you can do nothing. (NIV)
After his wife tore off the gift wrapping, the manager grinned slyly and gave me the thumbs-up sign. He obviously thought the book was an X-rated sex manual that would encourage his better half to experiment with cutting edge techniques. For the rest of the day, his face had the smirk of a man who expects edible ointments to be licked off his private parts. A grave disappointment awaited him, because that’s not what the book is about.
Who has experience with container potatoes? What has worked or not worked for you?
Challenges make you strong.
any bump knocks me down
Thanks for stopping by! Don't forget to leave comment...hmmm, I wonder if I'm the Mystery Blogger with JR Candy?! Heehee!!!
May 27 Iowa City, Iowa - TBA
And that is a good thing.
I must say sorry for this post being so late I have been very busy. So I hope you can forgive me :-)
But your heart still sings a song.
We went for a movie day out on last Wednesday at GSC Suria Sabah. It was a working day and just a few people in the hall.
Table side or walk around magic can help your restaurant or gathering run smoothly by offering classy casual fun while guests are waiting or in between conversations.
Most of you are probably familiar with Sue Grafton and her best selling series of detective novels known as the "Alphabet Series" that started in 1982 with "A" Is For Alibi up to her most recent "U" Is For Undertow". She has made a franchise with the series and there have been other authors who have taken similar approaches. This Blogging From A to Z Challenge will be in the same vein.
I could write a book on this subject ... I have coached for over 10 years, been a wife of a coach for almost 20 years, and I have 3 kids that are currently playing sports ranging from ultra competitive travel to recreation league. They love it and PARENTS RUIN IT ...
-THE CROWNING AWKWARD MOMENT OF THE ENTIRE VISIT: getting a male physician for the physical. Who happens to be cute and around the same age as you. And then that whole awkward moment when he has to listen to your breathing and heartbeat under your shirt. With his cold hands. No worries, there was a female physician in there at the same time. Oh and then when they're pumping blood out of you and BOTH your arms hurt and you're breathing in and out of your mouth so you don't cry/throw up, he happens to come from the front room and check on you. Awwwwwkward.
Opening act The Mighty Stef was really good, though I only saw 3 songs thanks to the stupid Stubb's website that said "Doors at 8" not "Show at 8". Everyone else seemed to get the memo cause the good people of Austin were there to support the opening acts. I really recommend seeing him at SXSW this year.
He cannot officially become the citizen of india or any politician in india as long as he doesnt give up his italian citizenship.
“Move,Bitch!” Jack to Rose on the floating piece of wood
A few days ago, Mrs. Random and I went into town on a few errands. In particular we needed to get a new land line telephone. Out ancient telephone was putting out a lot of static. The last time Random Daughter called she expressed a lot of concern about the static. I hope she realized that the static is coming from the phone and not from her dad.
I hope that this has enlightened you and put to rest any ideas that half the commuting population of London has fits.
Quite possibly the best $2.99 book out there!
I love to people-watch wherever I am and the drive to and from the school each day provided lots of opportunity. Despite the need to be constantly watching the traffic on all sides I saw one chap with what looked like a wall clock on his lap and a cloth in one hand. It appeared that he was trying to clean or polish the face of the clock as he drove along!
1 big lemon. Zest and juice the lemons
Having said that, my daughter's just pointed out that, were they truly wealthy, they'd have a maid to do that stuff for them. Which is true, but I still think my cup cake wealth indicator has a place in the pantheon of socioeconomic theory.
I know I will make more...I plan to wear these all summer long!
But she was always to remember our warmth and our love.
We spent some family time outside. That's the surprise quilt I made for my husband this past Christmas. Lots of secret sewing for that one!
****Generally a blend of whatever spicy powders/pastes you have on hand works best. This is all I had, so I crossed my fingers and hoped it can pull through.
Milk – ½ liter
What 5 pieces in your closet can you not live without?
In a large bowl, whisk together pumpkin and sugars until sugar is dissolved. Add all other ingredients except for flour and whisk until mixed. Stir in flour, just until mixed. Bake at 350 for about 20 minutes. This also makes a good layer cake.
Ben, I hope that where ever you are, you know that I am thinking of you, that I miss you and that your memory will live in my heart forever.
No. No! Noooooo!
The best form of Jihad is to say a word of truth to a tyrannical ruler. It is the best form of Jihad, because by waging Jihad against internal corruption, you are fending off colonialism, occupation, and foreign invasion.
But I’ll have many more when the garden really starts to go downhill. But by then I’ll be potting up bulbs and won’t care too much.
I am still afraid of everyone.
Visions don’t emerge from elections; they come from people. Politicians vocalize anger, but they don’t offer a grand mission for the country.
But you're tryin', you're tryin' now.
I remember driving home which was only about 10 minutes from the shop to my house, thinking holy kamoly! I did it! I really did it! I surprisingly felt relief, I think it had been building for so long that I was just glad the decision had been made, and although it was spur of the moment because I’d been pushed too far the previous day, it felt right.
There is already far too much demonization between people of different viewpoints, who seem to need to see the other with hate in order to feel stronger about their own position. We don’t need to create any more artificial conflicts, especially on matters of Spirit, because we all share the same make-up. We were all created for a sacred purpose, and are all called to help each other grow.
Since I've been in my late teens and early twenties I learned that when I don't eat on time my blood glucose will drop so much that I'll be shaky, trembling and nauseous. On time, I mean the standard eg. lunch around noon or dinner by dinner time, not 8pm+ or times like that. I can't go long without food and if I ever fast it has to be overnight, I will not make it through daytime.
William Shakespeare’s tragedy Hamlet focused around a young procrastinator, often erroneously labeled a tragic hero, the young prince was really a mundane scholar, very average in his capabilities, the most banal perpetrator in the Shakespearean Canon. Aristotle once wrote that in good drama, we learn about the character through their actions and not their speech. Shakespeare turns the notion on its head and has Hamlet waffle on about spirituality and philosophy when he’s supposed to be avenging his father’s death.
Grandpa was confined to his bed but he still loved visiting and sharing his memories with me. I think it was the highlight of the day for both of us.
They sing a song
Draw straws? Or perhaps just a Twiglet
When I woke up this morning, her eye had closed completely with a horrible amount of junk in it,the swelling was worse in her cheek and head, and blood was continuing to drip in a steady stream out of her mouth. The herpes had definitely returned, and it was clearly not responding to the medicine. I called our vet - a very good and decent man - and asked if she was in any pain, and he asked if he could see her.
In the next one, the student cut out her papercut in the folded method, creating a tree with branches and roots on both sides of the tree trunk. Then the student opened up the cut design, removing the leaves on one side creating variety in the composition
And memorize her address.
Well, we stayed with them,
I'm still taking things a bit easy on the beer front at the moment, but the pints of Gadd's No7 and RTW Spa Helles I had were both excellent. Most of my CAMRA colleagues departed just before 2pm in order to catch the bus over to Edenbridge, where another presentation was due to take place; the town's Old Eden Inn being the other joint runner-up in our Pub of the Year contest.
On the other side we are seeing an increase of solution that enables objects around us to gives us what we need whenever we need, specially through the usage of emotions or something that feels like a human behavior. After all, if technology is a positive evolution for Mankind, then why not adapt that technology to Mankind’s needs?
(I am just going to leave out the things I said right then because I would prefer you think of me in glowing "she has it all together terms" rather than the reality that is me.)
Anyone else like to admit to a habit of accosting old ladies or gentlemen on buses or trains? Or other vampirical tendencies? Is anywhere, in fact, safe for innocent members of the public, with historical novelists everywhere ravening for fresh story-blood?
I say barely because now that it's winter, and we've been getting tons of rain, my tree is blossoming! FINALLY! There was even a bee pollinating:
I have not tried making this in a microwave but I am sure it will also work well as long as you stir in between.
Will be back soon.:)
All aboard the Failboat! Your shipment of Fail has arrived! What exactly is the Failboat? The Failboat originated on July 23rd, 2006, when a cargo ship, the MV Cougar Ace tipped onto its side while on its way to Japan. Luckily, all of the crew members were rescued, but pictures of the boat on its side with the caption ‘All aboard the Failboat’ popped up on a popular image site. Ever since then, it’s been steadily popular, although less popular than others. Some fans of the Failboat say that the Failboat goes ‘choo choo’ when it departs the port. Why does it make the same noise as a train? That’s because it’s the Failboat, of course.
My friend, Joy, asked me to contribute a piece of art for her school's silent auction. I have been out of town so often that I thought there was no way I could meet the deadline. The day that I told her I would NOT be able to do it, I went up to my artspace and got creative. I had sketched out a heart on a layered acrylic background. It's so funny how the art process works. After I painted the canvas, I wanted to add something to the background. I ended up using a transparency after discarding the idea of stamps, rubons and tissue paper. I loved what I ended up with. It was then that I abandoned the original sketch, but wanted to still use a heart. As I was going through my stash of handmade papers, I came across this textural piece that was layers and layers of papers and fibers. It seemed to go so well with the background. After I added that, I abandoned the heart and went for the goddess figure stamped on canvas. MMMMM. I started loving it. I painted the figure and added some embellishments, added some rhinestones to the texture and was really feeling it. I decided to submit it to the auction. I had a heck of a time framing it. I really should have taken it to a framers, but I was out of time.
2. We become like those we spend time with
I took a few photographs of the lovely countryside through the windscreen of her vehicle on the return journey. I share them with you. Interestingly - at Fountains Abbey there is a huge car park and the path from the car park to the abbey cafe is lined with neatly cut hedges. Now that they are bare for Winter we saw that they were full of chaffinches' nests from last year. What opportunists these birds are. The hedge is near to the outside picnic area so they were willing to risk nesting close to where people were constantly walking past, so that they could go to the picnic tables and pick up the crumbs.
And cleaning toothpaste off the mirror, back splash, and fronts of the cupboards, with said chisel. I mean really someone needs to come up with completely clear toothpaste, or a self cleaning toothpaste. How my kids get it in all those places, I have yet to observe.
I use a cheaper, non-sable brush called "Masters Gold." Go figure! It is around 6 to 8 dollars and is the best for its price. I also use a pen... but the dip pen I use is from Japan and all the info on the packaging is in Japanese, so I have no clue what they're called! It says G-Pen on it and that's all I know. But they are phenomenal! They are only available in one or two art stores in Manhattan, so I have a feeling they are hard to come by.
Then I discovered the Institute for Responsible Technology. If you click the link, you can watch a presentation on the dangers of consuming foods that have been genetically modified.
Here are some tips and tricks to help get you on your way:
bonzo got his first haircut over the weekend.
Level: 1
I have a mix feeling after watching this movie…I cannot say I liked this movie as the first part. This movie definitely lacks a strong cast regardless of how well the actors performed in this movie it does lacks a strong character (Like Ray Stevenson in the 1st part). I can surely say I wasn’t on the edge of my seats so it turned out to be a little disappointing for me as my expectation were high. Location, action scenes all reminds of the 1st part however, the tension was less and it was predictable. All in all a one time watch and those who haven’t seen the 1st part may b they might enjoy this one better as everything will be new for em! For the rest…Its just a watchable movie…
~ the tornado in the Wizard of Oz
I don’t think so.
And where is this being covered? On Fox. Only on Fox. Every journalist in this country should be ashamed of themselves for losing their way, dropping their true role in our society, and instead functioning as an arm, not of the democratic party, but of the White House, as BO's personal propaganda machines (I don't believe that BO actually represents the democratic party, only the far fringes that are cluttered up with loony toon liberals so far out in their ideology that it's not recognizable to anyone who hasn't studied history, who doesn't know what Castro, Chavez, Saddam Hussein, Chairman Mao, et al. are/were about). This is seriously troubling, and again, BO points to conservatives and accuses them of doing, being, and saying exactly what he and his partners do, are, and say. This is nothing new. In fact, it's old--right back to Alinsky, right?
6. The Decemberists “Don’t Carry It All”
With his new six piece band the former keyboarder/arranger for the Ian Gillan Band finally returns to his roots – at least looking at the formate. His approach is a very fresh one, though. With an abundance of experience in rock, jazz, classical, electronic and film music at hand, and an excellent cast of German and UK free-thinkers at his side, the Berlin live premiere of Colin Towns Blue Touch Paper promises to be a highly entertaining experience – as drummer Stephan Maas says: “It’s optical music, it takes you on a trip … the challenge of this band is to play without fear”.
All in all, based on Gumdrop, I think that the Revlon Lip Butters as a whole are less drying than lipsticks and feel much smoother. They are not as moisturizing as they’re made out to be, but you can still apply a balm underneath if you choose for extra moisture. From swatching the other shades in store, they were pretty pigmented – much more so than Gumdrop, which was one of the sheerest. However, if Gumdrop is any indication, staying power will be an issue, so you will need to reapply often throughout the day.
Anyway, the treasure belongs to the mermaids and they are pissed that the stinky pirates have stolen their treasure, so they sneak onto the boat and do their magical mermaid/siren dance (which bears a lot of resemblance to Single Ladies truth be told. I'm working with a limited repertoire) and all the pirates fall instantly asleep, allowing the crafty mermaids to retrieve their treasure.
when ink is spilled
"Since we didn't stick around to see the people get out of the boat, we may have missed the seal getting out too and I could have snuggled it!" I practically moaned.
William and Cheryl also had rehearsal problems. At this stage in the competition, everyone feels the pressure and is stressed and tired. William said the problem he has with ballroom dance is all the rules because he doesn't like rules but likes more freedom. He wants to do well, though, so he does it. He brought Cheryl flowers for her birthday and thanked her for being so patient with him. Their foxtrot was great to watch. Cheryl can teach for sure and can definitely choreograph for her partner. The judges all liked it, even Len! Score: 30! Wow!!!!
Most if not all of the apostles died before AD70. So if that was the end in mind here we should question what that means for the salvation of the apostles. Or does this simply mean that those who remain faithful even unto death will be saved because of their steadfastness? Consider Revelation 2:10 as commentary.
The first step is not an easy step to take. Many people joke about taking that “first step” but very few actually accomplish it. It’s the beginning of a new year. Why not take this new year and make it a new opportunity for a new life? Are you currently living in denial? Are you seeking fulfillment but unsure what that fulfillment is? Proverbs 14:12 says,
The photo above is the view I had in front of me through my office door at Science Park. Susie working, smiling and always ready to help a Norwegian in his challenges of being HR Director for DNV in Asia Pacific. Well done Susie, and a pity that your career in DNV became limited.
I really don't remember if I had any or not. If I did, it was to reach my goal weight. I didn't get to 150 pounds, but I didn't gain weight either. Sure, I saw 157.4 pounds and right now I'm 166.6 pounds, but I still managed to keep my weight loss at 120 pounds. Pretty awesome.
Today, I was relieved to be told that our patient census was low and I had the day off. It allowed me to do a bunch of errands-- groceries, laundry, cooking-- and to think about it all. I've decided to tough it out. I'll try to make it to August, when it'll be a year. That year is magic in the profession. Once you have that year, jobs open up.
Bound in Black Goat Skin Viatorium Press announces a unique new edition of the prose poems of H. P. Lovecraft. Limited to 46 copies. Letterpress + laser printing. Folding plate. Bound in black goat. Pilgrimage to Azathoth has taken first prize in the 2011 Bookbuilder’s West design competition. Trim size is 5.5 x 7
So my LSAT course is coming to an end... I am not as prepared as I expected to be but I have 2 and half months left...ITS GOING TO BE SERIOUS STUDY TIME!
3. Make a budget based on your grocery needs. Also, set a limit to meals out and how much you can spend on them.
I was lucky. Halfway through writing my novel Jude, I realized I needed to step outside it, and write a short story. I needed to see where Jude had come from, and why he had left on the quest of the novel. So I wrote “The Orphan and the Mob”. And I wrote it as well as I could. I wrote it insanely meticulously (draft after draft, polish after polish, building in layer after layer), considering how it was a short story and would never earn me any money. And then it won the National Short Story Prize. And I cried.
Have a print up of the Multiplication Facts Table nearby in case there’s a discrepancy about the answer and also so your child can easily test him/herself.
Let me close by saying I’ll be back on the road again. Watch soon for new blogs from Worcester, Massachusetts and then Austin, Texas. In the meantime continue getting prepared ….
By Brett Breckenridge
MORE?!?
Good Thursday Morning,
- You can make your ShowMe as long or as short as it needs to be, and record as many ShowMe’s as you want. Go nuts!
Finally, I went to the kitchen and called. Nothing. However, the stovetop fan was on because I was trying to make dinner, so it turned it off to listen. Oh yeah, I was expecting some friends over for dinner to watch American Idol and was also rushing around cleaning up at the last minute. I’m the queen of multi-tasking … dinner, vacuuming, table setting, and cell phone searching.
The Pirate's House's big gimmick is to have a "Pirate" walk around to greet it's guests. Which, I guess is cool.
“Pleasure is the only thing to live for. Nothing ages like happiness.” (Oscar Wilde)
Then Bernsen dove into a puddle head first and came up in a mysterious cave with his zombie nephew. Starkwell and Lovelock still aren’t sure if it’s a young boy or woman, but they both agreed that his voice was awful, and had trouble listening to his incredibly long monologue. It was around this time that they both REALLY started to lose interest. Between the cheesy monologues, the out of place homosexual themes between Bernsen and 'Heroes' Guy, and the schizophrenic cuts, it was really tough to blame them.
The Rust language emphasizes concurrency and memory safety, and — if everything goes to plan — is ultimately being groomed to replace C++ as Mozilla’s compiled language of choice. Browser prototypes programmed in Rust will eventually emerge, and then one day Firefox — or parts of Firefox — might be re-written in Rust.
About three years ago, when I was only just learning to knit, I designed and made my brother a mobile phone case. It was black and red and simply said 'Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha' all over it, at his request. (He was very keen on the latest Batman movie at the time.) A mere three months later - despite his current phone being still box fresh - he purchased a new one he liked better. As teenagers are prone to do. One that was a completely different size.
Hope you like this one and thanks for stopping by.
Saturday, Oct. 14: Independence Brewery's Second Anniversary Party — not a true Oktoberfest party, but still a worthy chance to support the local brewers who created the Oklahoma Suks beer (see post below).
I had to ask a curly-haired girl to brace the piano stool, so I could jump down.
with bad intentions will do
Claim 1(b) of the ‘919 patent recites, "display means connected to the scanner for receiving the appearance signals and aesthetic correction circuitry for interactively introducing aesthetically desired alterations into said appearance signals to produce modified appearance signals." ‘919 patent, col. 15, ll. 37-41 (emphasis added). The phrase, "aesthetic correction circuitry for interactively introducing aesthetically desired alterations into said appearance signals to produce modified appearance signals," does not contain the term "means," and is therefore presumptively not a means-plus-function limitation. Nonetheless, the district court held that the presumption was overcome and proceeded to define the function and related structure.
March 14 to March 29: Twelve times at number one in a row!
This area is, on what has been made public so far, probably the most troubling for Mr Coulson. In connection with this issue, Mr Sheridan asked “did the News of the World pay corrupt police officers?” Mr Coulson replied, “Not to my knowledge”.
-Corporation Tax Self Assessment aspect enquiries (if this option is selected)
Different from the Western celebrations for New Year, Chinese New Year must be celebrated at home with all the family members getting together, a bit like our Christmas. Traditions and rituals are often very carefully observed. Usually everyone wears something red in colour as a way to ward off the evil spirits and particular foods are eaten as a sign of good luck. While most families celebrate at home, famous restaurants are also a New Year hotspot. One of those is a famous restaurant south of the Forbidden City, called 都一处, read “Duyichu” meaning “The Single Place of the Capital”. This restaurant was originally built in 1738, the third year of the reign of Emperor Qianlong of the Qing Dynasty. The name “Duyichu” was granted by the Emperor after he had tasted the restaurant’s extremely good food during that year’s New Year celebrations. Even today, many people from all around China come here to taste the food that had been previously praised by the emperor himself.
Watch out, if you're near
I decided to make a Square Dance Quilt for her Birthday.
It's a bit of an obvious idea when you think about it really. If your looking to open a new restaurant in a city, why wouldn't you invite all the local food and beer bloggers down for a free dinner in exchange for a bit of free promotion to kick the place off...
So the compromise is he will do what he pleases.
Sat always a good day - Henry Holland showing in the evening!
The next spike of “gatvol” revolt came during the 2004 general elections, with the shifty, opportunistic DA & FF+ seizing crime as a platform to ensure their place at the banquet table of public funds. Foam-specked speeches promising (amongst other things) 150 000 new cops on our streets drove voters into an optimistic frenzy as they bought into this false hope.
It allows us to present in a person’s living room films in their original form with proper colors, aspect ratio, sound quality, and, perhaps most importantly, startling clarity.
I listened to this one a couple of times and absolutely loved it - most of all because it reminds me of someone I know. In fact, when I played it to my regular practice partner he thought of the same person.
I went online to Google Earth. They have this tool where you can measure distance. So I started in roughly the center of JFK & drew a five mile radius circle: New parks at Penn Fountain? In the killing zone. Almost all of Jamaica Bay, including the newly restored marsh islands? In the killing zone. Marsh areas east of Rockaway near Atlantic Beach? In the killing zone.
Your a good help to your mother.. oh my goodness how you've growed
14. Decoding Society - Mandance
He appears to have the perfect life – a beautiful wife, a loving daughter and a successful career as a clinical psychologist. But even the most flawless existence is only a loose thread away from unravelling. All it takes is a murdered girl, a troubled young patient and the biggest lie of his life.
Did not want to lose those beautiful sounds, Sangguana tried to recreate the sounds and in
Now that is the first thing to get clear. What God begets is God; just as what man begets is man. What God creates is not God; just as what man makes is not man. That is why men are not Sons of God in the sense that Christ is. They may be like God in certain ways, but they are not things of the same kind. They are more like statues or pictures of God.
Recently I was guarding the bodies of the The Adventurer’s women,
It's a good bit of fun and a great excuse and opportunity to pick up some rather nice beers youy wouldn't normally see in the supermarket shelves. At three bottles for a fiver, you can't really go wrong.
Greek philosopher and mathematition, 6th cent. BC
I like small gift cards to go along with a gift bag or package. I really dont like the plain cards that
Chris shook his head. You're being paranoid. He's just an actor. Probably not even the same guy.
Suffolk County next week will become one of the nation’s first jurisdictions to shame animal abusers through the use of a public registry.
in Dallas: Contact KeysAndAnnie@GMail.com to rescue/foster/adopt 3-mo.-old, 25-lb., white-&-tan Pit Bull. She is very sweet with other neighbors’ dogs, the baby & small kids. Transport can be arrange. Dog is in a very bad situation after being dumped out of moving truck.
And then one of her sharp teeth sent pain dancing through the ear lobe and I knew it wasn’t the whisky; it was the wench. I stopped dancing and found her mouth and her body melted into mine and she whimpered.Over the course of this adventure, Puma’s willingness to use people--and be used himself--will be tested. So will his loyalty and his appetite for playing politics. There are clear compensations for his being foolish, and only costs to his being blind.
They saw her and began calling greetings to her.
So, we really are stardust, colliding with our nearest neighbour, returning to the stars from which we came. And world mythology from our greatest civilizations, like crop circle designs from the cosmic consciousness, were trying to tell us this all along.
It is the story of a boy from Paris, who creeps up into the attic of his home and discovers an old book, it was written in a language he could not understand yet for hours he’d lie looking at the beautiful and interesting prints, Le Tour du Monde d’un Gamin de Paris ( by Louis Boussenard, 1847-1910, Illustrations/etchings by D. Dumont), he loves the adventures of the ship filled with treasure, being wrecked on the cliff in a faraway country, the boy (Friquet) and a few survived.
ETFs Trading
A great deal of band arguments while bands are together and even when they are breaking up or changing members can come about when the question about who gets paid back for what comes up. Lets throw out some of the basics. The band takes a cut to buy a cymbal that the drummer broke or a microphone for the singer or an amp for the bass player.
Wash and soak urad daal for 1 hour. If you are using red chillies soak them with daal. Drain and keep aside for 1 hour (This helps in getting crunchy vada). Grind daal and chillies with salt adding water with a tea spoon.
How can we proudly proclaim to the world that Malaysia is ‘Truly Asia’ when we subscribe to political wars of the Dark Ages?
The waitress stopped filling my bottomless cup and went on to more deserving tables. My sweetheart looked down at the grits hardening in her plate. All about us the room fell silent as the congregation eyed the brute Yankee at his bloody hate pulpit, spewing negativity in what had moments ago been a sanctuary of gentility and well-intentioned words measured out in spoonfulls from a sugar bowl.
“If not for the occasional wild dog, I’d tell you to take it up to about one-fifty. But I’ve seen buddies killed in car wrecks from hitting or trying not to hit those God-damned dogs. Put the high beams on.”
Ms. Brinkley has had a century-old, 12-bedroom house in Bridgehampton, known as Tower Hill because of its 50-foot observation tower, on and off the market years. Peter Cook, her fourth husband until a very public divorce two years ago, worked on the property, but Ms. Brinkley says that she had a vision for all the homes she owns.
I'd love to hear from others who try this out and what books they came across; good and bad!
What is significant (and doesn't appear to have been commented upon at all in the media), is the extent to which the boy’s inquisitors focused on whether he may have been enjoying his sexual encounters with the abusive priest. He was asked relentlessly about his own sexual impulses and behaviour; if he'd ever done anything like this before with another boy; if he'd ever messed around with a grown man. When he responded no, they asked him (incredibly) why not, as though his own repressed sexual inclinations were obstructing the discovery of truth. They kept asking him if his 'body changed’, would he ‘get an erection’. They asked him if he ‘enjoyed it’; if ‘seed came out of his body’.
Halloween and Christmas has yet to arrive and yet we are already looking forward to China Glaze's 2012 Spring's Collections! More collections to be released means that the hole in our pocket will start to grow even bigger! OH DEAR!
Hello again lovely scrappers!!!!
The next day he followed it up, saying ‘Swastikas in s*** left on my friend’s front porch were done by three 14-year-old girls, driven to the house by one of the girls’ mother’.
There is a special intimacy about the front seat of an automobile at the beginning of a long trip. The road maps are still freshly creased. There are no half-eaten rolls of Lifesavers, no stray bits of Kleenex or candy wrappers, and the windshield is clean.
Mindless hooliganism will end in the defeat of the EDL, not its victory. We should channel our aggression and rage in constructive ways. Ways which may well be long-term in nature but nevertheless successful in the long run.
88) I'm not too sure about men giving me flowers. I like the idea, and it's very romantic, but my ex-fiance used to give me flowers. I thought it was just because he loved me. I finally sussed out that he gave me flowers every time he cheated on me. He gave me a lot of flowers.
That means I spent most of that two years editing or rewriting or yanking my hair out in clumps… whatever you wish to call it. I was oblivious to what I was actually doing and that I wasn’t really writing.
Along the walkway, beautiful flowers and shops to spend your money.
And to think they did all this in an attempt to create good PR after messing up their original flight to Beijing by overbooking it.
Unwittingly paraphrasing the Kinks' Ray Davies, Björk annonced "We're not like everyone else", and proved it too, wih the Cubes' critically acclaimed debut album, "Life's Too Good". Now elevated to the status of Indie Press Darlings 1987, the majors began vainly offering the band huge sums of money (&pnd;750,000 for instance) to sign up and sell out. Naturally, they refused.
I ran to my room and saw that my boxed youth was gone. My Barbie dolls, my trolls, even my Dr. Seuss books. My Nancy Drew books were safe. Well, four of them were. Some little Sunday school munchkin now had my Barbie doll. That’s probably why I don’t go to church anymore. I was so mad at my mom I couldn’t see straight.
As the known death toll reaches about 120, and the bushfires incinerate up to 1,000 homes, the government blames ‘arsonists’ for starting the fires.
I also thought that all the books would be out at the same time. It turns out that only Harry Potter and the Sorceror’s Stone is available; the others haven’t been released yet. I was very disappointed, because while it was fun to explore Sorceror’s Stone, I really can’t wait until Prisoner of Azkaban (my favorite) and Deathly Hallows, because the locations are so cool. (I want to explore the Lovegood’s house and Malfoy Manor!) My least favorite Harry Potter book is Chamber of Secrets, although I’d rather read that one than Twilight. So, I’m hoping it’ll be interesting in Pottermore. I was also under the impression that we would be able to see or interact with the characters. (Wouldn’t it be great to ‘chat’ with Albus Dumbledore?) But we can’t. Not really, anyway. Occasionally you can see the back of someone’s head. I really wanted to see these characters!
If you don't have any chia seeds you can omit them and if you want you can also use honey, brown rice syrup or maple syrup instead of sugar. The oatmeal wasn't that sweet at all so you can make changes according to your taste buds!!
Related notes and postings:
Guide runs automatically when the wrist The hand is at the heart providing consistently accurate readings. LEDs flashing orange light blue to guide your hand to your heart, which makes Easi…
Everything is collage, even genetics.
b) Jordan loses 40% of its fresh water to evaporation, bad infrastructure, leakage etc compared to Israel 10%
Yesterday, Greece’s central bank governor said his country would have to leave the eurozone if politicians do not stick to the austerity programme after the elections due to take place on 6 May.
Please ponder this, Dear Ones, for with this realization comes such exhilaration and Joy. You are becoming. You are the Light of all the Universes. You are the Light of the Divine. You are the Light of All That Is. You are One with All. Be at Peace with that.
It said it would now take the matter to a higher court.
*piles of cookbooks
2For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,
...and citronella
Sir:
Modern culture struggles to define the value of women because of competing pressures:
Ugh. I made a hard decision today. I wonder if I made the wrong one.
And immediately after I said it, I wanted to suck the words back into my mouth.
Every Spring the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team has a Spring game to showcase some of the new talent of the team. This is a very common practice by most major university football programs. This season will mark the 125th season of Notre Dame football and the 83rd Spring time Blue & Gold game, as it is called.
I love finding little ways to personalize things for people - just a small little homemade touch can go a long way. But - like most of you - I'm pretty crazy busy a lot of the time, and I need these little homemade touches to be quick!
Welcome to part 2 of Donna Hay's chocolate cake switch up attempt. This is a follow up from my previous post. Do you recall that I mentioned that Donna Hay's ultimate chocolate cake gets you an 8-inches, 8 layers round cake? Not anymore..
True Love
The National FFA Foundation is launching a brand new program to help us CONNECT! with everyone (and we mean everyone!) who supports the National FFA Organization. We want to hear from you — the current members, the former members and everyone else whose lives have been touched by FFA. Share your stories—past and present—and let us know how FFA has impacted your life!
Columbia says on its website it is the biggest client of Brooklyn-based Eagle Two Construction, owned by Roxanne Tzitzikalakis, whose father Demetrios Tzitzikalakis pleaded guilty to grand larceny and falsifying business records for bilking the city out of cash at his former company, Foundation Construction Consultants.
You the people have the power, the power to create machines, the power to create happiness. You the people have the power to make life free and beautiful, to make this life a wonderful adventure. Then in the name of democracy let’s use that power, let us all unite. Let us fight for a new world, a decent world that will give men a chance to work, that will give you the future and old age and security. By the promise of these things, brutes have risen to power, but they lie. They do not fulfil their promise, they never will. Dictators free themselves but they enslave the people. Now let us fight to fulfil that promise. Let us fight to free the world, to do away with national barriers, do away with greed, with hate and intolerance. Let us fight for a world of reason, a world where science and progress will lead to all men’s happiness.
What you see here, was shot as a RAW file, cropped slightly to rid the image of a light pole on the right, and some pavement on the left. Using Corel After Shot Pro, and Corel Paint Shop Pro X4, I’ve adjusted color balance, levels, and sharpness. Camera was the Sony Alpha 700, with a Tamron 17-50 f/2.8 lens. Exposure was 1/250 sec. at f/5.6, ISO 200.
Sorry for such a long post, I have got a bit carried away as I had to stop and start it a few times today and then added more. I will show you what happened to those pieces of linen hidden in my bedside drawer a few posts back in my next blog post :-)
through the floorboards at the general store
Hey, Republicans, if you're going to pursue a ridiculous line of attack, I'm going to pursue it, too.
38. Caffeine lowers sperm count as well as decreasing the virility and mobility of existing sperm.
The call taker doesn’t normally bat them off either because they aren’t allowed to use common sense or they are just so damn scared of making a judgement & might lose their jobs they don’t let jobs through. If they do use common sense then they have someone supervising who tells them otherwise, and have to take them on.
Today is the first day after the historic royal wedding here in Sweden and the whole country is kind of in a hung over mood. News reports claims the wedding party at the castle lasted to around 5 am this morning. In many ways a once in a lifetime event covered by thousands of media people and a great way to put Sweden on the map as a tourist attraction. I followed the TV broadcast, but I could have travelled to the city to see it. The view is much better on TV though and I’m kind of lazy on Saturdays if I’m not working. Also I’m not much of a royalist – I’d prefer if Sweden was a republic with an elected president instead of a king.
Brandi! I NEED to see an entire concert of yours. When will this happen–I am going crazy.
And it’s there for you.
1And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea.
Always a history buff, Jack found and fell in love with Jane Austen in his twenties, struck by her innate understanding of the human condition. Jack uses his work to share his knowledge of history. Through his characters, he hopes the reader gains a better understanding of what went on before, developing an appreciation for our ancestors' trials and tribulations.
I’ll give my heart
Publication Year: 2011 (America); 2009-2010 (Japan)
Now there’s a marked difference between white fraternities and sororities and minority sororities, even though I am speaking to minority organizations, there’s no reason that what’s coming up next can’t be applied all around. I know for the minority organizations our intake is built on the history and culture represented: to bring awareness and knowledge to members and society at large. Sage in thought but manifesting itself debasing and radical ways. While I’m not privy to the history and ways of any organization outside of my own my thoughts are this: I don’t believe a single founder of any organization began with the intention that future generations would suffer what they suffered or to suffer period. Only to learn to overcome obstacles together. With that tell me, how are the instances like Robert Champion (and countless others) teaching unity, strength, brotherhood/sisterhood? When did your values and organization become so important that it is worth risking a life? I love my fraternity and sorority, but they both have their due place on my priority list. There needs to be a serious re-haul on the approach to intake or we will look up one day and find everything we value scattered to dust.
Review of Blu-Ray Disk Player LG BD390
By 8:40, she was out, and Jason lifted her from the trap and placed her gently onto the prepared bed of hot water bottles. The first and most pressing question was definitively answering whether she had given birth, and we combed quickly through the fur of her belly. Smooth, flat, teats so indistinct that we had trouble locating them. F3 had not had kits. She might have been pregnant earlier in the year, but wolverines mate in spring and summer and hold the fetuses in suspension until winter, when they know whether there are adequate resources for raising kits; if so, the fetuses implant and the wolverine will give birth. If not, the fetuses are resorbed into the female’s body and she waits for a better year.
IN 1883, 15- year-old Scottie Burns is hired by a young, vibrant Theodore Roosevelt to work on his Dakota ranch. Like teenaged boys ever since, he finds a role model in this dashing, charismatic hunter/ rancher. As he grows ever closer to TR, Scottie also discovers a
I created this baby card by using random strips of paper. I then adhered them onto the card base at a slant. I created the faux stitching by stamping the little stitch from the Shape Up Snowman accessories stamp set. The little snow pea is from the "Green Thumb" stamp set.
The last time he organised a meeting condemning the killing of dalits by the Police in the infamous Manjolai Estate firing, “the VC was spoken to and I was given a talking to.”
Despite some formatting issues (still being hammered out), the current version of the Wampus Country Arcane Abecediary can be found here. Next step is to fix the formatting issues and add all the various appendices and half-finished magic-related articles I wanted to add, then release the thing 'for real'. Check it out and drop me a line (erikisarobot AT g mail dot KHAAAAN!) if you find typos, unwieldy grammar and explanations, etc.
As we know, the French are beauty addicts. They are mad about their secret creams, their special treatments, their latest finds. And, they are open-minded in the realm of "whatever it takes to look the best we can; we're onboard."
After all, as a famous preacher once said, “I don’t care what you believe in, just believe in it.”
Öcki - Keyboards
Coda (2 Parts) 15 - 21 March 1997 - 22 - 28 1997
I told him I would divorce him.
The brief at Limehurst was to run a workshop with a small group of year 8s, teaching them the nuts and bolts of story writing so that they could teach a slightly larger group of year 7s, who would then write a story suitable to be turned into an animation for year 2s from a local primary school. Nothing too complicated then! As so often, I found myself deconstructing what I do myself (principally by instinct in my case) in order to make the vital elements clear enough for young people to absorb and cascade down to their juniors. Fortunately, I often write short stories, not simply novels, and I also have some very limited experience of writing animations – so I felt competent enough to know where to start. As so often, however, I learned as we went on. I was there as consultant when the years 8s taught the year 7s and was alongside them as they thrashed out their plots and wrote and edited their stories. I sometimes think I don’t know very much about creating story but as we worked, I appreciated that I really do know what I’m doing. I know where to cut and prune, I know what’s needed to lift a plot and to keep the pace. I know how to create the crisis and how to satisfactorily resolve. And I realised what a mammoth task the young people were facing – and yet again, how ludicrous it is that year 6s are expected to write short stories for their SATS in a mere 45 minutes. Grrrrrrr!
Why use a plant based non-isolate protein, EVEN if you aren't a vegan? Whey and Soy isolate proteins are very acid forming within your body and hard for you to digest and absorb. They create an acidic environment in your body and you react by pulling calcium from your bones to act as a buffer from the acid, long term this can cause a decrease in bone density and even osteoporosis. Which is why countries with a high intake of animal proteins, like dairy, which are very acidic actually see a HIGHER rate of osteoporosis even though they ingest more calcium.
I love the discussion the film Sunshine brings to the table. Sunshine by Karen Skloss will air Tuesday May 4 at 10 pm on PBS as a feature of Independent Lens. Check your local listings.
The first step is LISTENING. That is pretty important. If you’re having a conversation with a friend over lunch and they don’t stop talking at you, you wouldn’t feel it a very fruitful conversation, especially if they didn’t give you time at all to speak. How does one listen? Well, it takes practice.
The other side of the greenhouse is a lawn with a bench set on glass bottle bottoms and hedging set at each of the four corners of the lawn. It was unusual and I felt was a bit odd but life would be boring if we liked everything we saw.
Unwin gives examples of places from his own owrk in Letchworth, Hampsted Brentham Garden Suburb and the Anchor Tenants (Humberstone Garden Suburb – sadly not well preserved or built close to the masterplan) in Leicester and at Earwicks (his first scheme) at York.
"I don't know. I don't work there," she snapped.
Bake in preheated oven 12-14 minutes, rotating pan halfway through, until they are a dark golden brown color. (Dough will puff up, maybe even above the top of the tin, but don't be alarmed - when you take it out it should deflate into a nice little cup to hold your marshmallows :))
A thriller in the - centuries old secret protected by religious zealots that a single lone wolf hard man uncovers. Ok so the story is that there is an elixir of life that the Cathars of old had found before the Crusade against them. This was handed down in a very small group of initiates until into the 1930s where the trail goes cold with a Nazi connection thrown in for good measure. Enter Ben Hope - a real good guy - although the body count in his wake has to make you question that frankly! He is employed by a mega rich guy to find this and help save his dying Granddaughter.
Ken is kind with his descriptions of himself and others, while maintaining humor and realism, which makes this book very readable. A brief section at the end of the memoir provides introductory information about becoming a voluntourist.
Missionaries? Give us the scoop on the people you are serving and how we can pray for you. Please leave a link to your website in your comment so readers can learn more about you and what you are doing.
Thanks again, Leslie for a great pick. The hubby and I both enjoyed it.
I'm honored and humbled to say that the events of today have changed my perspective on what home truly is, and I've realized that home can be many places and many things. However, its the relationships we have that truly shape our perspectives and our traditions, and have the ability to truly guide our hearts home.
Things I learned in 2011:
YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT ME by Brian Meehl is on the BCCB Blue Ribbon Winner List for 2011.
A great game with some minor mistakes (in tactics, not rules) and quite happy how it turns out in such a little play area. Every move was deadly, and the mistake my gf thinks she did was exactly that. Thinking things were going down from turn 3 onwards, as usual, while I got the charges in after a turn in which I didn’t even run.
Despite Mr. Okah’s repeated denials of links to MEND and its attacks, his narration paints a picture of a former powerful figure whose influence over ex-militants, was courted by politicians, in the same breath regarded as a threat.
no rock but flesh, still breathing
"Thank You, I've found everything I WASN'T looking for"
a darkness.
You were a part of the beginning of this family. Hubby and I adopted you when we were newlyweds of six months and thought that you were four pounds of the cutest puppy we had ever seen. We loved your goofy, happy, sometimes grumpy, jealous personality. We had nicknames for you and you answered to all of them. Sadie. Sadiekins. Sade-Sade. Sadie-Blue. And when you were in great big trouble (with teeth clenched)…
Bean, I want you to grow,eat,get fat. I want to bath you and dress you and photograph you. But mostly I want to hold you. To sing to you, to dance with you, to sleep with you beside me. Hurry up, beanie. I miss you.
When we bought the house, we were hoping to re-surface the existing cabinets (getting new doors and hardware) to save some money (I had total sticker-shock over the cost of new cabinets!). But we were surprised to find out that the cost savings between resurfacing and buying new cabinets was nominal. And since cabinets are such an important feature in a remodeled kitchen, we didn't want to skimp and be hindered in our new layout by what was already there.
It’s winter, and Hanukkah AKA the Feast of Dedication has arrived. Jesus is walking through Solomon’s Colonnade in Jerusalem. Some people surround him and ask him how long he’s going to keep them in suspense. Is he the Messiah or not? They ask him to tell them plainly. Jesus answers that he has told them, but they did not believe: the miracles he’s done speak for him. Jesus says that they don’t believe because they’re not his sheep and don’t follow him. Jesus’ sheep shall have eternal life, and no one can take them out of Jesus’ hand. No one can take them out of the Father’s hand either; Jesus says that he and the Father are one. The Jews are outraged by this last statement and pick up stones to kill Jesus, but Jesus interrupts them. “I have shown you many great miracles from the Father. For which of these do you stone me?” “We are not stoning you for any of these,” they reply impatiently. It’s because he has claimed to be God, which is blasphemy.
Ms. Tessaro added that the legislative amendments are unnecessary if all the government wants to do is streamline the process for minor development projects, because they are covered by policy guidelines that could be easily changed. Green Party Leader Elizabeth May said the government is clearly putting resource development ahead of environmental protection. “They are trying to eliminate anything that could possibly impede the unconstrained growth of mines and fossil fuel developments like the oil sands,” Ms. May said. “This is all about speeding approval for resource-based projects and actually to do that they’re prepared to push nature out of the way, to bulldoze nature to get what they want.”
Prepare pie: Preheat oven to 275°F / 135°C (if you turned it off earlier). Scatter chopped chocolate on the bottom of pie crust (still warm is best). Pour filling on top. Bake 50 minutes or until filling is just set.
you placed us in paradise.
I put out a request a few days ago looking for help for picking Day 100 and in the end had so many ideas that I really couldn’t decide which to go with it, so here is an amalgamation of everything but diving into a pool and having people make a ’100′ sign with their bodies.
John Avlon’s piece “Ode to the Bookstore,” which first appeared on October 12, 2011, in the book section of The Daily Beast, is a worthwhile addition to the national dialogue on the demise of big-box bookstores—and the role independent bookstores can play in the wake of their passing.
“I thought so, how are you?”
Capturing your baby’s story
Banks exist to solve the problems of safely storing and accessing money. Lawnmowers exist to solve the problem of an unkempt lawn. Car dealers exist to solve personal transportation problems. Human Resources departments exist to solve the problems of finding, hiring, managing, and developing people. And so on. Internal or external, it doesn’t matter – your job is to help your customers solve their problems.
While wandering about the city in scope of another job I ended up getting offered a free, and humungo, sunday. As if I'd say no, even if it means I look like a fatty while mowing this sucker down by myself. (I only got a quarter of the way)
Inching backwards, concentrating on her foes, her heel slipped in the sand behind her. She lost her balance, lost her grip, and the arrow shattered against the stone ceiling with a loud crack. She fell backwards, and her last view of the sunlit surface world was of three enraged warriors stalking towards her.
When we arrived back after the show it was almost 1 in the morning and we were looking forward to some tea and toast. The toasters were cordoned off. Closed.
What I guess makes me uncomfortable is that I feel people judge me. Not in a bad way. But just the fact that they question what I am doing, where I am going, why I am doing what I am doing – just makes me want to pull away more.
I`m trying to make clean and simple cards as it is a challenge for me do not use any flowers or any more embellies!!!!! lol
Who wants to chase them down when I get back?
Okay..I'm rambling again....I'll just show you the rest of these art pieces...
The OSIM simulates the Webb telescope for the purposes of testing the science instruments that will fly on the observatory. The OSIM itself will never fly into space, but it is a vital part of the testing program to verify that the science cameras and spectrographs will function as planned.
It’s not about being partisan, it’s an observation. Each of the above have repeatedly gone on the record making the very comments of which I speak. I pick largely political figures because they make the anti-gay stance a key PART OF THEIR CAMPAIGN PLATFORMS! Or, in terms of the religious leaders I mention, they have great influence AND often strongly support these same candidates because of this agreement. Truly, I don’t like these people listed above very much (in no small part because of the way they behave), but like them or not, they influence (for some very strongly) our culture. That’s why we shouldn’t let them escape responsibility for creating an atmosphere where teens can think that this kind of bullying is at least tacitly accepted. That they even possess the underlying bigotry that motivates such hateful acts, not to mention the self-righteousness it would seem to take to decided that they are the appointed punishers of those who are gay.
Seriously, the kid rocks and I think he needs to know it. After the week at VBS, I started thinking about how important it is for our kids to know they are not an accident. Every gift, every feature, every circumstance in our lives is hand picked especially for us by the Lord. We need to remind our children of this daily!
Your neurotypical (non-autistic) score: 96 of 200
“Alcohol is a symbolic vehicle for identifying, describing, constructing and manipulating cultural systems, values and interpersonal relationships,” says the Social Issues Research Centre in the UK.
That was before I got a letter from the court saying the fine was $360 - before the additional traffic school fees. For those of you keeping count, that's $22.50 for every mile over (you do the math).
Serving vessels for drink
I snoozed my alarm until 6:50...for a 7:30 a.m. race! I finally talked myself into going, threw on the first clothes I could find, had a quick bite to eat and rushed out the door. The race was just a few minutes from my house in the wooded, rural hills of Bella Vista, and since it was free, it didn't feel like a real race. There were no nervous jitters. I hadn't spent one second thinking about my iPod playlist. I just rolled out of bed and showed up. And y'all, it was 56 degrees!!
Americans used to be able to look forward to a good retirement. Sadly this is no longer the case. According to Kiplinger if you manage to save a million dollars by the time you want to retire you will have about $40,000.00 a year to work with. If you save for retirement for 40 years you will need to put away $25,000.00 a year (not counting inflation). Wells Fargo recently conducted a survey stating that 20% of pre retirees reduced their retirement funding in 2009. Unfortunately the bad news does not end there. For the first time since the 1980s the Social Security Administration is paying more in benefits than it receives in payroll taxes. All of this does not bode well for would be retirees or anyone else.
And it stands in front of our couch.
Gosh, I was a 'Naggy Knickers' yesterday, and it was poor Richard who got the brunt of it, as usual! In the evening he came up to me and said "Am I in your good books now, can I have a kiss?" And then as he was walking away he said "I don't know why I'm in bad books anyway, I only washed up!" Yes, that's right he did the wrong thing by washing up LOL! I said to him "It was the fact that you cursed as you walked into the kitchen and saw that the washing up wasn't done, and I said I was going to do the washing up as soon as I'd finished what I was doing (I was preparing for the card below!), and you just ignored what I was saying and started washing up". Then Andrew said to his Dad "Hey Dad, you've just made me realise something - I'm never getting married!" And Eleri said "No I'm not getting married either" and Richard said to her "Well you'll just confuse any bloke you have, you've just confused me anyway!" (because she was telling her Dad that she'd just told one of her friends that she didn't want to be her friend anymore - I'd made her go to apologise because I reminded her how she felt a couple of days ago when some other girls said that to her - and she'd said to her Dad that she only said it to get it out of her mouth!) And, I thought to myself - Isn't that what we're here for anyway, to cause our men confusion? ROFL!
It’s the same with languages. The language in which you express yourself makes you express yourself in its special ways. Languages have flavours, local flavours, that make them unique experiences when you use them. I’m not saying that translations aren’t possible: sometimes they even manage to improve on the original. What I’m saying is that original and translation are not the same thing. I can try to explain what I mean with a couple of examples. Compare this translated version with its original.
The AAI said Egypt’s favorable ratings among Americans in polls since the 1990s had been much higher – between 55-65 percent.
caught so many fish” (John 21:6 TEV).
production reactors,
I don't know what this is going to look like, and it honestly terrifies me to navigate through it, but I'm going to at least start thinking about you. And after thinking about you, I want to convince you that I like you. And eventually love you. I plan to convince you that you're not an interruption in my own story.
Sky is the limit? And I've tried till
If you choose to have the procedure done, they make it worth your while. I get to stay like this until the day I die, and that means I’ll live for a few hundred more years at least before my body starts to quit on me. Again and again they’ll scrape my limp form off the battlefield and wake me up again. They’ve got me rigged so nothing short of total destruction stops me for long. There are some guys, close to retirement now, who look to be half-made of metal from their decades and decades of charging into battle and coming back in pieces. I’ve been lucky so far, and only sustained injuries which can be repaired with some inexpensive bio-therapy. Honestly, kid, it’s the best job security there is. They have millennia of work, just waiting to be done by anyone who wants to do it.
Well, part of the answer is that we can. A famous (and not unique) example where we did so was the resignation of the entire editorial board of Topology and the founding of The Journal of Topology — the story is told briefly here. But as the list above shows, such examples are very much the exception rather than the rule, so the basic question remains: why do we allow ourselves to be messed about to this extraordinary extent, when one would have thought that nothing would be easier than to do without them?
Cyrano was terrific, and the fight scenes were breathtaking. I did like the music in The Spirit Play.
“None of our kids have ever ended up on the dole,” says Tanya Phillips of the roughly 300 players who have performed with the orchestra. They have gone on to a diverse and broad range of professions – musical and otherwise – and have taken up community positions in voluntary capacities.
I hope this guide gives you some ideas for your next trip to CO. If you have additional questions, please feel free to contact me.
The winner of Nature's Beauty from all comments left on yesterday's post is:
KUALA LUMPUR — Home Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein today called last weekend’s BERSIH rally ‘a failure’, pointing out that the air quality in the city has not only stayed dirty and smoggy, it got worse.
3 seeing
Not taking advantage of store discounts appears to be a common practice among those receiving public assistance and I've observed it too many times to count from my time as a cashier. One can't help but speculate that if this person's financial situation was so dire, even if they splurged for once, common sense dictates that stretching the benefits as long as they can would be foremost in their decision making. It is a reality that an emergency could arise before the card is reloaded with more funds at the end of the month. The socially disadvantaged, for many reasons, usually have greater out-of-pocket and up-front expenses. Those with greater resources typically have a buffer for health, transportation and other emergencies than those with a fixed or negative income. It is a simple matter of liquidity.
I piled this salad on top of some salad leaves.
Last summer, my little friend Arthur visited me in Los Angeles - where he discovered the beach. This summer, I paid him a visit at his Paris apartment. Despite the unbearable heat (the temperature is in the mid 30's Celsius, or the 90's Fahrenheit), Arhtur was a gracious little host. He showed me his favorite piglet book and then we walked to a nearby park.
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 11:05 AM 3 comments
But I think that if that is the case, and we’re not just talking about not just individual episodes and weird animals—if there is a culture—let’s say that there is a Bigfoot culture, that they’re like some kind of human life form and they actually have a culture that is so alien from ours that we don’t understand it—if we’re gonna deal with that it’s almost gonna be like rather than discovering an animal it’s gonna be like making contact with a different culture, and I’ve read some anthropologists….
At work, people leave boxes of donuts, bags of cookies, bowls of candy, half-finished cakes, and all manner of wonderful sitting on tables in the main halls. They will have signs like, "Take one, free," or "Please finish, I need the pan back," or, "Please eat." There are hundreds of people who work in my building. Some of them can cook well.
The orangutans. I almost forgot. What do they do while all the rest of this nonsense is going on? They grunt, chitter, dance to the radio, slap their own faces, slap other peoples' faces, blow raspberries, pinch people's bottoms, steal hats, flap their lips around, throw things, swing from the rafters, push people around, flash their ugly teeth, kiss people, push over bookcases, smash tables, and so on. I just thank GOD they all wore diapers.
Now... on to my card for the current Less is More. Those clever gals, Chrissie and Mandi, gave us this lovely sketch to work with, but we can only use ONE of the squares on the card! So once again I got the dog and took her for a walk so I could think in some peace and quiet about what I would do. I decided to go with placing my image squarely in the center of the card. My color scheme comes from the current combo over at ColourQ of white, Delightful Daffodil, So Saffron, Real Red and Early Espresso. The stamp is from Hero Arts. The sentiment is from the Waltzingmouse set Frame It. The card is a 4 1/2 x 4 1/2 square. The center square is 2 3/4 x 2 3/4, the mat is 3 x 3.
Think about it this way:
bad at math
What is the story behind "Sorry, Jane We are Alcoholics"?
Quinoa is a powerhouse grain that is starting to become mainstream as people realize how nutritionally beneficial it is. When I first started eating it, I had to get it at the health-food store. Now the local Kroger carries it.
A few nights later we're eating dinner and Peri says "I pooping". So I run her to the bathroom and we make it in time. And no poop. Until I look on the floor. Seriously?! The only thing we can figure is that in my haste to get her pants down and fling her on the toilet, I'm also flinging some poop out of her pants or bum.
The novel moves from Berlin just before the Wall was put up, to Cuba, after the election of J.F Kennedy. All sections ooze authenticity though I found the Cuban sections more satisfying than those set in Germany. The writing and resonance of the parts of the novel set in Havana reminded me of Barbara Kingsolver’s ‘The Lacuna’. I hadn’t realised that ‘TMS’ is Wilson’s third novel to feature British spy Will Catesby, and I think this is why the Berlin sections worked less well for me. The early chapters of ‘The Midnight Swimmer’ form a bridge between the previous two novels and the Cuban missile crisis. If you haven’t read the earlier books, it’s a bridge with the odd plank missing. The Midnight Swimmer does stand up on its own merit, but I imagine it is a more complete reading experience if you read the entire trilogy.
While we were in OK visiting family in August we got to see one of the prettiest backyards courtesy of our hosts Debbie & Pat. They purchased their home a little over a year ago and ever since Debbie has been working away at the backyard. And I have to say all of her hard work has truly paid off!
40 Still in the start screen layer, select the Rectangle tool (R). Draw a big square on the stage, the width and height of which should be about 430 pixels.
Many Orthodox Christians insist “Pascha” or any derivitive of the word Passover is the only correct name for the celebration of the Resurrection of Christ, among possibly other liturgical words for the feast, but insist the word “Easter” is innapropriate because it supposedly has pagan origins. Does it truly have pagan origins that would prohibit its use? Or are there in fact justifiable reasons to allow for “Pascha” and “Easter” to both be used with a clean conscience. Since “Pascha” is without controversy, we will examine these things for the word “Easter”.
Oil – 1 tablespoon
3. All photos posted will be compiled into an album on the Memories of Mine Facebook page by myself.
As the shoot progressed I also finally figured out a cool trick for my remote.
10 new chicks arrived today! They came in pairs of Blue Andalusian, Black Australorp, Barred Plymouth Rock, Dark Cornish, and White Sultans. They’re only a day old and arrived by overnight mail. They captured a lot of attention here as we settled them down in their new temporary home at the office.
PROSPECTS: Very likely to be the biggest movie of the summer, it is to be the last Batman movie directed by Christopher Nolan and fans will be attending in droves.
We've talked with some friends and showed them the space. We've gone over it in our heads, and aloud. We've weighed the pros and cons and when we still couldn't really make a decision, we decided to re-prioritize yet again. I honestly do feel so incredibly lucky to be in the situation I'm in. To have a partner who is as interested in making this a "family business" as I am, and to have all of you to share this journey with. While our initial thought process was to put our money toward opening up a brick and mortar, then think about buying a house, we're thinking we may flip that. Or at the very least take baby steps. We won't be signing anything for that space soon, but to know that we're at that point... the looking and planning... man, it's terrifying!
Through playing History Detectives Lab, students can gain a sense of what it's like to be active researchers out in the real world. "The game gives them a sense of agency, but with limited choices," explained Sandhya.
I let myself get caught up in life pretty much every day. I forget Him, and then throw a few minutes at Him before I fall asleep. I pray for other people, but don't take time to listen and be still. And I think overall that I need to be still in my life, not just in those moments of prayer. He helped me find my One Word by leading me to be still, and stop striving, and just be.
“But his accounts, his estate...” the words trailed off, like the distance had into a haze of indistinct maudlin. Judd stared blankly out from his room, through a hole the size of a garbage truck, into the stark emptiness of a new, unkempt world.
“Baseball highlights, again? When can we turn on my cartoons?”
First up, 1946’s British import, Bedelia, based on Vera Caspary’s novel. I must disclose that I arrived 30 minutes late for Bedelia, but had I arrived on time, I doubt it would have helped. Bedelia tells a Black Widow-esque story of a woman who murders men for money. She uses a little vial of poison to kill ‘em, but the actress who plays Bedelia, Margaret Lockwood, could have used her acting. It’s as if Susan Hayward’s worst bouts of onscreen mania grew a British accent and swam across the pond. Maybe I missed something with my late arrival, so please apply a grain of salt to this paragraph. This was a festival favorite of several people.
Lagunitas Hop Stoopid- big ‘ol Imperial IPA
“Makes sense,” said Hank.
- Raspberry Truffle
I also found a setting with in eve to increase screenshot quality hope the images come out better now.
I am working on organizing (I use the term "working" loosely!) the closets in our home. I recently did the one in my husbands office. We have a variety of spare cords that were all heaped into a shoebox and I transferred them to this clear plexiglass bin and put a label on it. Much better than the shoebox, but the cords were still a tangled mess.
Make sure you thoroughly understand the commitment your organization must make to properly implement and benefit from social media. Half-measures taken by a less-than-committed organization could conceivably do more harm than good, as several examples we present in our Social Media Hall of Shame demonstrate.
Poisonous bites and stings
Cafe de Flore is out on 11th May in the UK. Running time 120 mins. Certificate 15 (UK).
JFsubmissions@bookends-inc.com
I can’t remember what our bonus round category was for that round, but we won money this time. I remember thinking, “Good, at least I got something out of this”.
Over time, however, I realized I didn’t really feel that way. It’s not that I changed my mind. I just came to the realization that all along, I had been asking my good friend, the excellent Cam Charron, hockey question after hockey question after hockey question. I do it every day, whether I am looking for a comparable for Player X or wondering why Player Y appears to be having a terrible year. And Cam patiently gives me answer after answer. He explains everything to me using the very numbers I wasn’t interested in learning about. No arguing, no berating, no scoffing. I’d been into numbers all along, I just didn’t know it.
There is a fair amount of sex and sexuality in 1Q84, and these themes are narrated from a perspective that is subtly yet undeniably male. To draw a parallel with a series I happened to be reading at the same time as 1Q84, in A Song of Fire and Ice, the narrative tone changes when the author switches between the perspectives of different characters. In 1Q84, it absolutely does not. The limited third-person narrator of the novel is definitely a heterosexual man, and this does not change when he narrates the story from the perspective of a female character or describes the rape of a young girl. However, I don’t think this type of narration ruins the story, and it’s quite interesting when accepted for what it is.
The story is a lot about he trying to come to terms with things, being human, the magic he can now use, and falling for a woman, Amanda.The lovestory is not rushed at all, another thing I liked as you do not need to jump in bed at once. Like I said, he has suffered and Amanda is a widow. They dance around each other for a while and think about if they want to pursue this. Yes, things should take time.
Alabama: Their only loss is to the best team in the country and call me homer, but if they played that game ten time, I believe Alabama could win five of them – alright at least four – but come on, unless you were a Gator fan, when the Tide was controlling the third quarter, you were thinking, “Alabama is gonna win this thing.”
CSR has been awarded a re-vegetation contract for the Ouray National Wildlife Refuge. The refuge is located 30 miles southwest of Vernal in northeastern Utah. It consists of 11, 987 acres including 12 miles of the Green River.
The story moves at a pretty good pace throughout. The music of the movie has some interesting tracks from Limp Bizkit, Eminem, Foo Foo Fighters, Timbaland etc. included.
For the first years of her life, I treated all of my mothering more or less like those games - as a role I was playing, with prescribed rules and have-tos. I did all the things I "was supposed" to do to "be a good mom".
They started to record in August 1982 and released an EP titled Bítið Fast í Vítið which went out through label Spor. This 12” vinyl was formed of 5 tracks performed by Björk, who replaced the original vocals by Eyþór. The only song in English was “London”.They followed up in 1983 with the release of their first album titled Miranda, which was released by Gramm. This record consisted of 13 tracks and even though Tappi Tíkarrass was the less experimenting project of singer Björk, this album outstands with songs like “Kríó” which feature pop melodies, and “Tjet”, a song that renders a mellow start and ends with disco references.
When Mutandagavi heard those complaints he was angry and he called his children in to fight against Chidziva and Chinamaringa. Mutandagavi and some of his people were killed. Then Chinamaringa and Chidziva called together all the people of Chishawasha. The old men who were there were Chirimba, Chakawoma, Nyamasoka, Chihungwa, Chiyanike and the older children of Mutandagavi, Kwapa, Govera and Chinyanga. Then Chinamaringa and Chidziva asked all the people whether Mutandagavi was good by killing the people for no reason. All the people said, “What has been done by Mutandagavi was wrong.” Then Chinamaringa and Chidziva said, “Why did you not forbid him?” and they answered saying, “Because he would kill us.” Then Chinamaringa and Chidziva said, “The chieftainship of Chinamora shall not be given to you because you have allowed Mutandagavi to do bad things, the chieftainship of Chinamora is ours.”
When there is more than one regiment fighting on one side simply roll both Fight dice, add modifiers separately and choose the higher number. If this is enough to beat the opponent’s roll then each regiment rolls its own Damage die and Wounds separately. If the side with multiple regiments loses the combat both are moved back 2cm and the lone regiment chooses which regiment to wound. If a tie, then every regiment in the combat takes one wound.
Except I didn't eat any collards. Not a fan.
Sheep racing!
But, some of the biggest names in mobile computing–HP and Dell–were not among the first movers in this new category (actually a trademarked Intel marketing term). However, both of those PC giants now have 13-inch ultrabooks available, and they’ve both taken a leading position in our ongoing ultrabook battle royale.
2 cups grape tomatoes
Mi Roo is shocked to hear the truth behind the rumors. Tan Ya supposes that since he brought so many women to the hotel but didn’t do anything, it caused them to start the rumor. She also assures Mi Roo that the Double X advertising money will stay intact. Earlier that morning, she had threatened to spread the photos if he retracted the money and he had promised to stay true to his word but he had asked if it was possible to see her again. So she had given him her FonTanYa card.
Is your work a lasting monument to the faithfulness of God in your life? Is it bringing glory to the Father? Are you giving the first fruits from your increase to God? God has encouraged us through this story to give the first fruits of our work to Him so that He will be glorified through our work. This is a tangible way for us to acknowledge that God is the source of all blessing.
ALWAYS be able to remember the day...
Finally I called it a day and went inside to have a shower. Ripped off my socks and my jeans, and then I noticed a big black blob on my ankle... AAHHHHHH!! Girly screams echoed through the house as I ran down stairs and out the back door. "GET THE SALT!" I yelled to my startled husband. I jumped around outside, stick in one hand, salt shaker in the other, yelling at the leech "GET OFF!!" in between little girly screams and dogs jumping about with excitement. Anyway the disgusting little sucker finally dropped off. I then tried to bash it with my boot to kill it. Blood everywhere - it was a massacre. Far out they are hard to kill! There was so much blood I had to wash it away with a bucket of water (seriously...)! Did I mention how much I hate leeches?
Last year, it was all about the “Red Tory”- Philip Blond’s supposed re-jigging of One-Nation Toryism. I see very little of this in evidence as The Coalition rips the heart from the NHS, attacks minorities and pursues its Monetarist economic agenda with uncommon zeal.
Wednesday: 1 hr spin
Fri 10/10 Detroit, MI The Fillmore
