Women like this annoy me. And they scare me. Because if they’re this prevalent in literature…could I become one of them? Yet another sticking point of the novel.
31.) I Want Americans To Decide - NOT EXACTLY, you prefer caucuses that
The next time we were both at church we found each other and started talking again. He asked me if I wanted to go to lunch afterwards with him and the large group he was going with. They happened to be going to the same place that my family was going, which I told him. My mom and sister, being the wonderful people that they are, insisted I sit with Eddie and his group instead of with them. When we had finished eating Eddie walked me to my car and asked for my phone number so that he could call me and take me out on a date.
Right now, buyers are sure that they make. Calvin Klein logo add a mass appeal. These underwears are truly sexy to see, feel, and fitted. Most men will feel the calvin klein eternity advertisements a blend of soft 78% Nylon and 14% Elastane and you would have worn talc on your body! Mandarin, Ginger, Amberwood, Musk and Patchouli make up this fun-looking and casual use by women. The Euphoria perfume was made of wire. You won't find that they know that the calvin klein eternity advertisement and affordable designers on the calvin klein eternity love of Calvin Klein. Whether you are spending hundreds of dollars on a Calvin Klein name itself is fashion magic, as well. The Calvin Klein added subtle logo detailing on the calvin klein eternity ad, provoking the calvin klein eternity advert in the calvin klein eternity moments and expanded into developing and selling other products other than what it already had. In 1982, Calvin Klein also won the calvin klein eternity perfume of Fashion Designers of America Award for outstanding design in both women's wear and men's wear.
Wine I chose to include in the dish (and drink at dinner!). A 2011 Nobilo Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc from the Nobilo winemakers out of New Zealand. This was a light, crisp, fruity wine that was an excellent pairing to my dinner.
Finally on October 13 the reversal surgery was performed that reattached my small intestine to my large intestine and the plumbing system was back in action. Now came successive periods of diarrhea, an almost constant flow of fecal matter that irritate the skin around my anus and proved to be extremely painful, that lasted about two weeks. Then it evolved into more formed stools but a mess to keep one self clean. Finally after about a month of that things started to get normal. In the meantime I was feeling good. The pain, cramping, irritation and bloating were gone. Today, I feel absolutely great. I go to the bathroom quite frequently because my rectum is gone and what comes down the large intestine wants to get out. However, I am comfortable when I go, I eat pretty much everything I want. When I do eat rich foods I will have a BM episode that might last for an hour or two, but no pain, no discomfort, and I now say I have a teflon ass, nothing sticks to it.
Carla made it clear I was not to show any of these to my family, because as she said, and I am paraphrasing but it went something like: "We live in a patriarchal society and adults want to control the minds of the young to serve that system. And the main means of control is control over sexual desire and sexual relations". She did bring up my touching of myself in a most delicate way by telling me to be private about it and that someday I "would be able to experience similar things with a girl, but hopefully much later, when it both people felt right about it and to never rush or force it." Carla's words had a helpful influence on my development into adolescence and eventual adulthood.
33. The average person has over 1,460 dreams a year!
-Just before you are finished cooking, add the Earth Balance and stir until melted.
The event costs $50 for a bride and guest but I have 10 sets of free tickets to giveaway. Just email me at fromiwilltoido@gmail.com and they're yours!
It is not without its insights, either, and like his witticisms these are embedded like bonbons throughout; asides and observations that either make you smile or think.
I don’t like to deal in categorical approvals, and certainly not of the arts. Even so, I do not concede that the “fine arts,” in general, are useless or unnecessary or even impractical. I can testify that some works of art, by the usual classification fine, have instructed, sustained, and comforted me for many years in my opposition to industrial pillage.
Céline: I’m so miserable in my love life, in my relationship, I always act as… like…you know, I’m detached, but I’m… I’m dying inside. I’m dying because I’m so numb. I don’t feel pain, or excitement. I’m not even bitter, I’m just…uh…
Thus has Populist Democracy made cowards of us all?
Actor – Golden Girls, Meatout cosponsor
I am choosing to know I succeed. I no longer wish I could. ‘Wouldn’t it be nice if…’ is fundamentally unsatisfying and I’m not living that way anymore.
The Style: Warner Bros. executive Hal Wallis was acutely sensitive to the fact that MGM had just had a massive hit with The Thin Man, a comedy thriller made in clear imitation of the fast-paced, low-budget, wise-cracking, urban movies usually associated with his studio. He immediately fired-off a memo to producer Harry Joe Brown to see what could be done about it:
I learned:
You need some motivation!
Luckily though, Isaac and I decided to drive down to Federal Way, a town we hadn’t yet explored, and one that is only about 15 miles away. As we usually do before such an adventure, we Googled the town to see what interesting things it has to offer.
Because of the appallingly brutal and gruesome nature of these crimes, Vacher was subjected to a battery of psychological exams to determine his sanity. Though Joseph Vacher continued to proclaim that he was insane (right up until his execution), he was found to be sane and fit to stand trial. A team of doctors concluded that Vacher had been faking his insanity. During his trial, the prosecution presented a bevy of witness to prove Vacher's sanity. Included among them was a skilled criminologist, Dr. Alexandre Lacassagne, the man that is today credited with being a founding father of forensic medicine. Lacassagne was a well known and respected forensic scientist who would go on to be the first scientist to match an individual bullet to a gun barrel (thus beginning the science of ballistics). He was also one of the first to analyze the bloodstains and the blood splatter from a crime scene. With credentials such as these, Lacassagne turned out to be a formidable witness. His testimony played a key role in convicting Joseph Vacher. Among other things, the highly respected Lacassagne testified that "Vacher's behavior didn't indicate insanity but antisocial sadism, a concept not used previously in French courts."
Simple put: Funny, quick read. Bad vampires and good vampires don't like each other. "Damned" angst vampire falls in love.
However, I did want to show you the latest pictures because we've finally painted this weekend so the walls are looking rather fresh and lovely and white. And I also wanted to explain what I love so far.
I hear the same sort of things from friends all over the world. One friend went into the new “Ideal” London Org and said it was a ghost town. Other orgs have big, empty “ideal” org buildings, while the small, struggling existing org soldiers on in the same location.
Early on, he sent Air Force One to do a low fly-by of New York City for a photo op, neglecting to tell anyone there and generating 9/11 flashbacks and panics. Then he embarked on a global trip that quickly was dubbed his “apology tour” for an America about which he could little good to cite. At one point, he actually bowed to the King of Saudi Arabia. We do not dip our flag to any other and no U.S. President bows to any other state leader, let alone a monarch.
I'm ashamed to say that that represents only a fraction of my craft supplies, but it's the fraction I use the most (the rest are in a closet about 6 feet to the right). This is pretty much the coolest space ever. Ready for a tour?
You might get some vanilla ice cream to put on top of this! (or better yet, use my recipe and make your own)
On the other hand:
The rest of the night was filled with writing and chatting with an old friend. Rikki was just in the city for one night, so we met up at her hotel and then walked over to Bravest, a little dive bar on 38th that’s supposedly a fireman hangout. No firemen to be seen, but the beers were cheap ($2.50!) so we stayed catching up well into the night.
"So how much money do you get for doing it?" my dear husband asks. Typical! He's completely missed the whole point. Money doesn't bring you happiness, what I've gained from doing NaBloPoMo is much more worthwhile:
Author: Suzanne Collins
The anger and frustration I feel when I think about it is enough to make me want to quit this job.
In Radio Belly, Cram excels most when her stories are a little less literal. My favourites were the weirdest. There are nine stories, beginning with "Mineral by Mineral" in which a woman finds herself with a deep hunger for soil and other inedibles after her life falls apart. It's insightful and observant, the wry comments at which Cram is so good, passages like:
Right away, there are some Topps gold parallels, I happen to love these cards. Johan is always appreciated, I am still a little weary of Pelfrey. Pagan is now gone, but he did have one good season on a bad team and, last but not least, Brandon Looper. I like Brandon Looper strictly because in MVP 2005, he was listed as B. Looper - so that means the Mets closer was literally a Blooper! How appropriate. *sigh* Moving on, there is some Heritage Chrome and those wacky Topps Co-Signers cards, with their labyrinthine system of colors and numbers. Luckily, Jose Reyes is in the dark shadows of two of them and not featured. My love affair with Jose Reyes is over and I am very broken-hearted about the whole thing. It is always nice to see David Wright's smiling face, with any luck, we will see more of it on the field this year.
with an intention – “Look at that three-legged cat”;
relatively small stable of companies offering term insurance, choosing them
Good morning everyone and welcome to our Mother’s Day Blog Hop! I hope you will enjoy visiting all of the fantastic blogs and find some great inspiration along the way for your Mother’s Day projects. If you didn’t arrive here from Amanda’s Blog, please go back and visit her to start the hop. Now for my project!
The other trend (you may not actually call this a trend but whatever) is navy and orange. I've stared longingly at the Ann Taylor storefront with their navy, orange and white ensembles and wanted to buy something. Then I realized I didn't have to--I had all the pieces to put together already. Shocking, I know. But aren't you proud? I walked away. Yeah, don't be proud. It's been a bad shopping month. That's the only time I think I resisted in the last 2 weeks.
To illustrate self-belief, I have drawn and embroidered a self portrait, with appliqued printed cotton fabric for my red top. It's not a perfect likeness, but that's OK, I loved making it, and every stitch re-affirms my belief that I can DO anything."
Many years ago, I enlisted in the US Army. Though offered a commission, I declined. I wanted to earn respect by my performance, not by the rank I wore. I served a mere three years and was not involved in combat. One of my daughters has chosen to follow in my footsteps, and has already served 5 years, including a tour in the desert. As happy as I am that many Americans have never known such hardship as seen in WWII, Korea, Viet Nam, Cambodia, and Laos, or Iraq and Afghanistan now, it is an UN-happy truth that without struggle, there is little appreciation. Many Americans do not value the freedoms we still have. They exist in a quiet complacency that disregards the deeply personal sacrifices of the past. All too many just don’t care. I thoroughly hope you are not among them.
1. YouTube Music Videos: 384 billion
"Control is overrated mate! Fuck that! Especially control in writing! That just implies that you give a shit about what other people think? Write for yourself - no barriers and no limits - that way you'll never feel guilty! Life is tough enough as it is - there still has to be some kind of freedom somewhere or what's the point? I don't dumb down to anybody mate. As the future changes, the sad reality is that being stupid will become the norm. Free-thinkers and an opinion that isn't shared by the brainwashed masses will almost be considered the act of a mad person!"
M – hi?
'Survival through the winter may require not only storing food, but also storing fuel, making clothing, and building shelters. These activities require resisting impulses to divert energy to activities with shorter term returns (gathering non-storable food, drinking, or even flirting). Thus, there are other reasons why seeking immediate gratification and impulsivity would be selected against in cold climates.'
Gives us
When we go to the deer lease, it's literally out in the middle of NOWHERE. We stay in what we call, "The Silver Bullet." It's a legit airstream trailer that is older than you can imagine. It's now DDHP's trailer because his parents got a newer one to stay in. Y'all, just having two people and two dogs is super crowded. Imagine the 6 people being in that thing, with dogs...oh yes. SUPER CROWDED.
as I couldn't leave the organ unattended.
Tailored is the ONLY place online where brides can find and collect inspiration, browse wedding products hand-selected just for them, create lists of their favorite finds, and share their picks with family and friends, all in one place - an online bridal resource to discover, shop, share!
The silence was uncanny.
Tonight we're playing a show in Bob's home town of Rugby. I'm looking forward to that.
What great book have your read lately? "Spider Bones"
Naz
Alison would come in and out and I was a bit nervous to have her out of my site. We came with a bag of chocolates. I gave it to Alison as we left the car and a little older girl came and took it from her. She showed someone her bubble tape and they took that as well. Not sure how this transpired. We never saw either again. She was given a yo-yo and she kept that.
We left the Milton Heights Campground around mid-morning on Tuesday and made the short 65-mile drive to the Canadian town of Niagara Falls, where we met up with Lynda's parents, Chip and Carolyn, and our friends Judi and Gary Fleeman.
UPDATE: 29th January, 2011. The Irish Independent citing “two sources” say that the High Court will next deal with the examinership on 7th February, 2011. Is this now a record for an Irish examinership – interim examinership was granted on 26th August, 2010, confirmed on 13th September, 2010 from which the 70 day protection would have started and to 7th February, 2011 will represent a 145- day period, so much for Irish examinerships lasting 70 days with a possibility of a 30 day extension.
"What do you call it?"
The thing that I have gained most from this experience is that we are all so different, yet so alike. We all struggle, we all rejoice. And having this community of moms to celebrate motherhood has also, I hope, created an additional support system to other moms. We can share our successes and our failures together because we know what it's like.
The Chap are a really funny band. They’re like something out of a good comic - they’re like wry, nerdy superheroes. What they are not is a comedy band, and to dismiss them thusly would be to completely overlook their worth.
If the security situation is still poor in 2013 (which is likely) and troop withdrawals have been taking place (also likely), international efforts will, through 2013 to 2018, probably be increasingly conducted “at an arms length”. There will be much less emphasis on civilian and military Western personnel on the ground. The Afghan government may have some form of political accommodation with elements of the Taliban, but this will be painful and may cause it to fragment. Neighbouring countries will probably be more actively supporting favoured power-brokers–particularly Iran and Pakistan.
One child keeps DOING SOMETHING to my rubik's cube in like four moves that I can't undo anywhere near that quickly and it's driving me literally insane. (Just changing the middle square color on all six faces? Wtf. I should be able to undo that THE RUBIKS CUBE HAS INVERSE FUNCTIONS FOR CRYING OUT LOUD.)
14 Snake Eyed Boy
The results of this complaint have been that the ICD confirmed an investigation into corruption had been launched against Mr Jaca and that a complaint was lodged with the Tshwane Metropolitan Police Internal Affairs Department by one of David Tembe’s staff on his instruction as Chief of the National Traffic Police. Ashref Ismail of the RTMC stated on radio that no criminal charges had been laid because the vehicles were on private property at the time that the photographs were taken.
For they are still oh so good for my mouth and soul alike.
If you want to make it easy for your soon-to-be-leaving friend to keep in touch, create a practical keepsake. Ask each guest to bring a 4x6 photograph of himself or a picture that shows both the guest and the guest of honor. On the back of the photo, each person should print his or her contact information. Include everything from snail mail addresses to Skype user names. Then, stick the photos in a pocket-sized photo album. The album will serve as both souvenir and address book.
Guitar – Danny Kalb, Steve Katz
I am so thankful for your support, kind wishes and compliments.
as long as…….
ceci (don't ask)
Anyway, when the guys were building the addition onto the house, Russell and I would play outside. By this time he had a younger sister and she and our mothers would sit inside and do something. I don’t know what it was because I didn’t want to be stuck inside. Russell and I would chase each other around the house and up-and-down the street because this was back when you could play in the street and traffic watched-out for children. It was also the time when neighbors watched-out for kids as well and if you did something wrong they had every right to punish you just as your parents would and then tell your parents about it which usually got you punished again. Plus, our babysitter with the claw-foot tub lived just diagonally across the street from Russell’s house, so everyone knew we’d be safe.
Jaejoong: Tell her everything you feel! Although there isn’t anyone I like now, I’m still waiting. When I stand before you, please say to me, “Its really cold. I’ve been waiting for you.” -laughs-
More specifically, one of the things I love most about traveling to London now is that since I have been there many times before, I feel less and less obliged to be a tourist, to skim the surface of the place. These days I spend more time meeting and talking with people, eating at local haunts, and getting to know my favorite neighborhoods almost as well as the ones back home. I do love the feeling of visiting a city for the first time, but there's something to be said for gradually getting to know a place well. Like a good friend whom you see only every year or two, you rediscover that depth of connection every time you visit, yet the friend always holds surprises in store. In this way, the best discoveries are made and the friendship grows stronger with the passing years.
Sprinkle over beef, pork or fish. Let stand for 30 minutes before cooking, or for the best flavour, chill for 4 hours before cooking
· High energy self starter; must be flexible and able to take the initiative with minimal guidance and be comfortable working both as an individual and as part of a team.
Finally, don’t be afraid to enlist some help. No one can do all of this alone. Maybe you need to work together with your marketing team to share the load better. Maybe you need to hire a person or agency with the skills you are looking for to learn from. Maybe you need to join a group or go to a conference to learn more. In any case, take the time to do it and ask for help. Going it alone will not lead to more fame or fortune for you or your marketing department. The world is changing quickly and you just can’t keep up with everything on your own. No matter how much experience or education you think you have, there is always something else to learn.
In those days one had to traipse down the garden path to the 4-seater privy. Now, this privy had a trapdoor at the back to empty the barrels.
During these days, Barbra was like a teenage gypsy, traveling around with a cot, sleeping on the floors of friends' apartments, while she pursued her dream of being a star.
As I turned the alarm off a gust of wind rattled the window above my bed. How long is this wind going to keep this up I wondered as I rolled over to stretch my body to get ready to meet the day.
Cricut Cartridge- Create A Critter- Rabbit, pg 26
‘Higher’ level jobs all seem to involve more planning, strategy and coordination than actual performance of a job. One might be a builder, but as the boss, one has to get plans approved by the council, visit the tile shop to order in the correct tiles, calculate all the bricks needed to construct the house, and present quotes to potential clients. The ‘higher’ up a builder is, the less cementing bricks to other bricks and nailing wood to more wood he or she does—those ‘lower’ jobs can be left to day labourers and contractors.
This has less to do with the gentle nature of the Christian, as seen above, and more to do with the hardness or tenderness of the heart. A hardness of heart in false affections will “actually trust in Christ to allow them to quietly enjoy their sins and to defend them from God’s displeasure.”[8]This is what Edwards calls a “Savior of their sins” as opposed to a “Savior from sin.”[9]Such a tenderness of heart is what Christ called childlike. The heart is quick to feel compassion, humility before the great authority and majesty of God, and will grieve over evils.
“Tell me the whole story.”
Well, I'm going to find time to brew again this weekend. I'm going to brew a Kölsch-style beer with more of a hop profile and a higher gravity. I'll still use "noble" European hops, though. It will basically be a "Sticke" version of the style. I'll also use a Scottish Ale yeast, instead of a Kölsch yeast. I've used this yeast before for Kölsch, and ended up with good results.
BUT also, what if I happen to run across Princess Kate shopping in a London Zara? Or mix up latte orders at Starbucks with Pippa Middleton? Or share a croissant with Carla Bruni Sarkozy at a cafe in Paris?
Moose snapped this moody shot on her way off campus this evening. (No, it only looks like she was the last person to leave the joint.) Campus was enveloped in a thick mist all day today, which deepened the quiet of the still largely student-free zone. Spring classes begin on Wednesday. (Yes, that's ridiculously late. You won't hate us so much when we're wrapping up the semester around, you know, the Fourth of July.) There is still a lot to do because Moose has got a lot going on this term and still hasn't finished tweaking her syllabus for the third iteration of her blogging class.
As it was already said the camera unlike the human eye record everything, then what, at first, escaped our sight resulting invisible, will appear in the photo... READ MORE
My dice. The d3 came in one of GW’s box sets (Epic 40K) and it’s pretty useful for playing solitaire.
Have a great Memorial Day. God Bless America
“What? You DIDN’T eat them?”
Texture. New Orleans is texture upon texture upon texture. The French Quarter is rough, colorful texture full of character and life. It combines old texture with new texture where the rough rubs against the smooth. There is neon-blasting Bourbon Street with its party animals and just a street down is classy Royal Street with a shop for everyone. And everywhere you go, there is music. From the lone trumpet player blasting out “Sesame Street” for the kids to groups combining their instruments in order to jazz it up for the adults.
Let’s face it. No one actually goes to the fair for any of that stuff. The real reason, another genius decision I’ve made, is that they all go so that they can ride on the mini train. It’s the main attraction I tell you. Real steam and all. It’s amaze.
Enough faith and courage in yourself to banish sadness.
iv) They loved anything that goes with garlic
Yes, you read that right.
Turn them away, O my Beloved!
Banana Man: Hey, I produce results!
These days most books are published on either the first day or the first Monday of the month, so gives the publisher 12 options for the pub date, which will either be set soon after decision is taken to acquire, or sometimes as part of the process.
They claim they’re liberating America but, really, it’s about liberating themselves.
She also told me that she would never say a word about my Lupus to my work mates and the company in case they wanted to fire me and she offered her help for whatever I may need.
It's time for a new challenge at Dream Valley Challenges. This fortnight the challenge is to create a monochromatic project. This challenge is being sponsored by One Stop Card Crafts. I choose to use green for my card. Green has been quickly fading away around here with the colder fall temps. I wanted to hang on to it just a bit longer!
This is the last Monday in March, so it's the last "official" #writemotivation checkin for the month. Even with everything that's not gone to plan this month, the past weekend made this a fantastic writing month for me with a total of three short fiction sales, including my first ever "professional rate" sale. Both of the other two sales are semi-pro rate sales to Kazka Press, one for their monthly themed flash fiction contest and one for their monthly unthemed longer short story contest. Each of these latter two are scheduled to be released on April 1st, so in under a week, I'll have two shiny new links to add to my Publications page.
It was Latin dance night at Suzie’s, and I took umbrage at having to leave my bag at the bag check. I was also slightly disturbed at the amount of (Chinese?) champagne flowing. So we had a drink, and then swiftly moved on to Block 8.
The post title is a new CD by some band I can’t remember. It was featured on a Spotify ad, but I was busy with school stuff so I didn’t check it out at the time. Anyway, love the title, and want a tee shirt that says that slogan.
6) REMEMBER WHY ding ding ding ding. Lord ,I offer you all the joys works and SUFFERINGS of this day!! Unite it to your cross on this great day of GRACE. Thank you for my family, my life, and the chance to serve you and maybe relieve one pin prick from your suffering. Mary, help me do this job with a joyful heart and a smile on my face. When I can't muster the courage to smile please just help me not to yell at my kids, feel annoyed at my wonderful husband, or mad at the world. Help me to unite to you in all those times you changed Jesus's diaper, cleaned his food off the floor after a spill, or helped your husband in his work. Teach me to love my family as you loved yours; with hard work, dedication, and cheerfulness. AMEN.
Tom Friedman
Not only will it help you in remaining updated with all that is happening around or within this online market, it will also be useful in better knowing the market place and will provide you an edge in running a successful home-based business.
1061 ***D/XI/4/1989. “On Stephen Hawking and the Nature of Modern Science.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1989 (13), above, and in Item B-12, above, pp. 272-301 (2002).)
The statements and exhibits, contained in a police docket obtained by the investigating officer, bear allegations the Nigerian government- now through its South African counterpart- put forward against the alleged former militant leader.
When I talked to K, she said that PO pulled him out and lunged him and he was off again. PO asked K what she should do, and K leapt into action and pushed her to call the vet. Alas, that was just too much for PO, because paying a $40 trip charge on top of xrays she doesn't want to get is just ludicrous, in her world. She'd rather split it 10 ways when the vet comes out for fall/winter shots, the cheapskate (who can magically afford to go on roadtrips and camping trips all the damn time). Hopefully this means I will be on fall break when the vet comes out for this. If not, I'll still make arrangements to be there. I am NOT missing this for anything. It will be a crucial moment, a very dangerous moment, in this quest for ownership. We'll see how it goes.
Cries real tears for the first time as he apologizes to everyone he's defamed.
“Maternal ambivalence” isn’t just the right statement in a situation like when your kid has one of those histrionic meltdowns; it’s the only one to mitigate the maternal sense of failure and the simultaneous balking at calling it “failure.” If your kid behaves horribly, impossibly, inconsolably, how do you as his mother evade the sense that you ought to apologize for his awfulness, as if it’s your fault? How do you know it’s not your fault — in fact, isn’t it sort of your fault? How do you stop feeling implicated in the mini-psychodramas of a 2-yr-old – who, frankly, is probably going to act out no matter what you do? How do you help but feel that when they’re in this state, a 2-yr-old is often a kind of little animal with no reason and certainly no manners, and therefore out of your control?
One fond memory involved eating brioche baguettes, a brioche dough-based pastry filled with vanilla cream and chocolate chunks. Jean was kind enough to share her recipe with my baking friends. (A perk of living in a small town; someone always knows someone...) Last Saturday, while sharing a stellar brunch from items collected that morning at the farmers' market, Susie, Shana, Shannon, Elizabeth, Emily, and I made the baguettes with great success. Elizabeth beautifully documented the day in pictures, which can be viewed here.
4. There were no locks on the lockers (another fact they didn’t apprise me of – should I have just known? I told them I was from the UK, they could have given me a heads up…). You’re meant to bring your own, apparently, so kit stayed with me – including during my shower. Fortunately I found a broom closet to stash my stuff in whilst I had the world’s quickest shower.
Me: Do you understand?
Thats my $00.02… what do you think??
Writer- Mark Monroe
To say Andrew wasn’t fond of Margaret at first would be an understatement. In The Proposal, a pushy and manipulative boss, Margaret (Sandra Bullock), forces her young assistant, Andrew (Ryan Reynolds) to marry her in order to keep her visa status in the US and avoid being deported back to Canada. As part of the deal, Andrew demands her to promise him a promotion. However, a skeptical INS agent thinks they’re committing a fraud and vows to test the couple in a few weeks. As Andrew plans to fly home for his grandma’s 90th birthday, so does Margaret. Tensions grow and hilarity ensue as two people who didn’t get along start to see each other in a different light while being in the middle of small town Sitka, Alaska.
I remember this movie being better, but I suppose it’s not really made for my age range. This movie seems more appropriate for teenagers around the same age as the characters in the movie, or at least for people that really enjoyed the movie back then. Watching the movie today and as a 28-year-old, I don’t find a great deal of appeal in the movie. It’s fine, but doesn’t really seem for me. Even though I know that it’s mostly done in parody, I don’t know why I’d want to spend very much time with this superficial and stupid lot of people. Yeah, pretty much everyone in this movie is super great to look at, but it turns out they talk too. I grant that I’ve seen the movie before, but I didn’t really find most of the jokes funny. The funniest thing to happen in the movie to me was when Alicia Silverstone and Paul Rudd were talking about Marky Mark and how he wasn’t cool anymore, which made me laugh because Mark Wahlberg is super famous now and Alicia Silverstone could very well be dead for all I know. Beyond that, it seemed as if the bulk of the humor came from how dumb the characters were. I would give the movie credit for having a decent enough message in the end about getting over yourself and trying to do something for those in need, even if you remain dumb to do so. I didn’t feel like the story was ever really any one story either. It was just like a couple of smaller stories smashed together to no great effect.
Tip of the day:
There are many labels out there, and you may wear quite a few as life gos on. I do encourage finding one that fits if the owning of a label helps you feel more connected or accepted. Until I realized I was spiritually 3rd-Gender I was always trying to explain that I hated being considered a ‘boy’ or ‘man.’ I like my body, though I hate the terms-&-conditions of being genetically male.
In conjunction with Sonu Nigam’s latest US concert tour Explosion 2009, the content-to-commerce partnership enables Cinsay to bring access to exclusive performance, rehearsal and behind-the-scenes video footage, music videos and branded consumer products, including new clothing and merchandise line, to fans in the US and elsewhere.
I made my towels one at a time so I have also written these instructions in the same manner, but for a set of two towels simple follow all instructions 2 times :)
Greece updates its trade mark law. Nearly two weeks ago, the new Greek trade mark law was enacted. This law brings Greece in line with Directive 2004/48 (the IP enforcement directive) and seeks to bring the country's law into the 21st century. Among other things, the law provides for (i) e-filing, online document access and full computerisation, once the appropriate infrastructure has been set up; (ii) direct filing by the applicant, so long as a local agent (who need not be an attorney) is designated to accept service of documents; (iii) speedy registration, with examinations being done by examiners and not, as before, the Trademarks Administrative Committee; (iv) letters of consent to the registration and use of later trade marks can now be submitted ahead of grant without the need for a special hearing; (v) the mere transit of counterfeit goods through the Greek territory to any other country becomes an infringement, as does the importation into Greece of counterfeit goods with the purpose of re-exporting them (these are also criminal offences); (vi) relief for interim infringement has been enhanced and -- though this may not fit snugly into the EU's ideal regime of a single market in which all goods are treated equally on the basis of their quality, availability and price -- (vii) a new “Made in Greece” certification mark, is to be introduced, the so-called TRADE MARK FOR GREEK PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, is to be introduced once the criteria are established for granting it on the basis of the place of production, origin of the main ingredients and production cost (katpat to Manos Markakis, Dontas Law Offices, for this information). The IPKat reminds readers that they can sample Greek trade mark law first-hand if they register for the MARQUES Conference, 18 to 21 September, which happily is taking place this year in Athens. Details, once available, can be accessed here.
BEST EXIT (Last year’s winner was Bill Tarmey, Coronation Street)
I love to take macro shots of flowers and birds
Yes, in spite of all evidence to the contrary, Plan 9 From Outer Space is a movie. I will give it that. And it is a movie that I enjoy a whole lot. And if you are any kind of movie lover, so should you! I mean, think about it: in a world of movies where the makers just don't care about what they do, here is a film done by a man who cared... who loved... who adored what he did.
historians, studied by writers and treasured for what it truly is: gifted
1/2 cup of organic millet flour
There would be at least three Belle and Sebastian songs in the soundtrack.
Labor Day to Memorial Day
This term a year 7/8 class from Talbot Specialist School have been working at the CLC to create their own animated version of the story of Robin Hood. The class worked really well together, taking it in turns to take the pictures on the computer, move the characters, and boss everyone about as director. They had built the set and characters before they came to the CLC – the set was good and robust, but the characters struggled to stand unaided, so we filmed from above, with everything laid flat.
When a government intentionally bends a nation to accomplish an international goal of gaining manufacturing jobs at the expense of other nations (at the expense of jobs in other nations), this is a kind of powerful trade interference. It becomes in effect a trade war.
These next four days should be a lot of fun, if I can let it sink in that I'm not working but yet am working. I have one of the remaining casks of the KLCC collabrewation beer with me to display at the Firkin Fest, for all of you who are too lazy to drive down to Oakridge for a sample. This is that mutant Belgian Cascadian Dark Rye that I've blogged about previously. I had intended to bring a session ale, but this stuff is just so good that I had to bring it. The other casks mentioned above in my fanciful episode of improbability are under my care, and I am hoping that the Green Dragon will allow me to have enough free reign to see them handled with the delicacy that they deserve. Three of them are fined, and I will be setting them up with pumps and handling the tapping and venting tomorrow.
Fortunately, she uses a standard needle, that goes in sideways, exactly the same as my Featherweight.
Black Joe remains an enigma, by design I’m sure. You’ll never read this (being anti-social media and all) but you’re the guy. Even more than Kiley 108, I’ve modeled how I manage on how you “managed” me. You let me make mistakes and learn from them. If not for the fate twisting recession you’d still be my boss. (In private I sometimes wish that were still the case.) There are many times throughout days that I could use your guidance or at least your advice. You surely understand that I can’t ask for it though. It’s my show now. Let it be said that you set a standard to which I judge myself in this firm – a standard that
and your delay is really ticking me off!
And he waited …
I have to add that the Cyberverse Commander Megatron has a cartoon accurate sword and close to accurate gun. The sword is clear plastic though. The alt mode is very bad, but the robot mode is very good.
‘frac’ing doesnt pollute’ ‘Neglectful adsorption.’
Me: That is not the least bit odd.
Here's a little tip I use to make those cut out stamped images look a little less snaggy:
Since the LEE is the last thing your eye stops at when you walk into our apartment, I knew the inspiration item needed to be some killer pillows. I searched high and low for just the right pattern. I wanted something colorful, floral and modern. I thought a lot about this Designer's Guild pattern, called Rugosa, but the scale is really better suited for drapery.
15.) (2 May 2006) “She was under the influence of a date rape drug.”
This project will go with me to retreat on Thursday. I can't wait!!!!
WHAT SHOULD I ORDER?
1/2 cup fish sauce (salt if fish sauce is not available)
On a recent TV programme I watched, the band admitted that before they got up on stage the band’s equipment was turned up louder than any of the other acts.
Why not quinoa?
Guinsoo: Is it that Iron Stylus should be on the spotlight?
Foreign Secretary William Hague has indicated he is backing Rupert Murdoch in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal.
5. The loss must be caused by the breach.
It reminds me of my catch phrase: “95% of families are dysfunctional and the other 5% just think they’re not.” As it applies here, I have a new catch phrase: “95 percent of us are biased and the other 5% just think they’re not.”
I wonder if I can get a life size cardboard cutout of this picture and wear it everywhere like those guys at the side of the road advertizing car washes. It's like, "No, this here in the picture with the J.Lo butt is the real me."
A snake.
We believe God is Spirit (John 4:24) and this One Holy Spirit (Ephesians 4:4) is God (2 Corinthians 3:17) and is literally Seven Spirits. For more on that, please see (Revelation 1:4).
Duval is also very fun. He has layers of reactions and motivations to figure out, while being at the same time, highly enticing. Suspicious and sexy at the same time!! I was right there with Ismae as she experienced new love (great budding romance!) while remaining true to her beliefs and her deep conviction to serve the God of Death. When traitors abound, everyone is suspect!!
I spent Monday evening with Julia from ZATI and Rachel from Mambo Magazine, G&T’s in Mercurys and dinner at Tatu’s really good getting some perspective on the similar issues and challenges we all face working in Tourism here, it’s easy to forget that we are all in the same boat.
I'm back from Mexico now, with so many things to tell you about. (Those of you who followed along on twitter got a sneak peek thanks to the magic of instagram.) More bougainvillaea to come.
For you who don’t know what Supanova is, it’s an event similar to what the US calls Comic Con. It’s where you’ll see hardcore comic, anime, sci-fi (& lots more) enthusiasts come together to share their love for the “imaginary world”. You can come in casual clothes or in costume – no one will judge you. If you’ve never been before (like I’ve never been before), now is as good a time as any to quench your curiosity.
"Do you remember who gave you that?" I asked.
I've been delighting in the simple things in life, there's been too many beach trips to count,
Two other issues—possibly not central to the Whichard Committee’s charge—nonetheless deserve an examination.
5) Sometimes… a post… invites a brand new… THOUGHT… that takes time to find words to express it… it is OK to wait and let the thought find words!! Zemanta… what a brilliant way to extend the thought thought the many bloggers who have the same THOUGHT… expressed in words that are different from mine.
Stay Happy.
B – I supposed due to time constraints, Arch Enemy didnt have much time to mingle with the fans – the show ended around 11pm++
Sometimes classics need a little spicing up. I’m a fan of tried and true, but we all get in a cooking rut and just want something new and interesting. The problem is, usually this is when we’re tired and want something new and interesting to fall into our laps!
(4) Peaking of global oil production (from land and sea, including solid forms and bitumen) at 95 million barrels per day. Peak coal production had happened five years earlier. Despite widespread warnings from experts (such as those of Robert Hirsh, for which he won the first of his two Nobel Prizes), it caught both leaders and the public surprised — and unprepared. Oil rose to $200/barrel before emergency rationing and price controls stabilized prices.
IT-based entrepreneurship isn’t the only potential technological driver of new jobs. Revitalizing manufacturing (see “Can We Build Tomorrow’s Breakthroughs?”) could also help. But automation has made manufacturing far less labor intensive, so even a manufacturing revival is not likely to mean a great many new jobs on balance. Likewise, anyone whose hopes are pinned on “green jobs” may be disappointed. Though jobs will be created in the switch to cleaner energy sources, jobs tied to traditional energy will be lost in the same process. Many economists are not certain what the net effect will be. And in any case, these days manufacturing and energy account for small slices of the U.S. economy, which is now driven much more by the service sector. That’s why fast-advancing information technologies, with their pervasive reach and their potential to create new services and satisfy new niche markets, may be a better bet for job creation—though the tumult IT is causing in the labor market isn’t necessarily going to resolve itself quickly.
No City Slickers
With those points in mind, let me begin.
As I noted over at Examiner, the Grammys have changed their policy on dance music so that only DJs and electronic artists like Skrillex, David Guetta and Afrojack are eligible. The change is good for those guys, but not so good for Gaga, Spears and Rihanna, who have all been shifted to the Pop field. That means fewer nominations for all of them.
44) Amber (Hong Kong, China)
In folk medicine, freshly gathered yarrow root mashed in whiskey was used as a primitive anesthetic. Yarrow has also been used to stop internal bleeding, and as a bitter digestive tonic. Its emmenagogic action promotes the flow of bile. Yarrow tea taken warm acts as a diaphoretic, or medication given to induce sweating.
Now taste it for salt, add what it needs, and put it over the fire. This is a cornstarch sauce, so you know the drill....stirring constantly, bring it up slowly to medium, then crank it up to high. Keep on stirring! When it begins to kick, turn down the heat to low, keep on stirring to make sure theres no big lumps, then once the danger of boiling has passed let it sit. It will continue to thicken up a bit.
Now, its all hands on deck for the digital presence in the form of a dedicated website for the show. www.firstclassdegreeshow.co.uk was launched this week and I’m really looking forward to seeing it filled up with gorgeous first class work.
White Small Crochet Flowers by I Am Roses
Mess me with your passion
Premier Publicist - $19999
We have said nothing, quite simply, because it’s nothing to do with Britain, and therefore nothing to do with the British National Party. That is the simple answer to the number of newer readers who have emailed recently to ask why this website has said nothing about the current number one international news topic - Israel’s targeted but massive air and ground response to indiscriminate but relatively feeble Hamas missile strikes on Israeli civilians.
*All Ages
Out of the morning star they came
Today is the first day of school - not for my children, but for me. I recently decided to go back to school, a decision that was not made lightly. I am already very busy - I am married, I have a home, I have four children who are active and involved in sports and extracurricular programs, I homeschool (a full-time job in itself), I work as a project manager (20-30 hours/week), I need to exercise to stay sane, and I enjoy having enough down time that I feel rested and refreshed. To add going back to school to the list seemed no only impossible, but downright crazy. But impossible or not, crazy or not, I've decided that it's time.
Before I knew about good beer bars on my early trips to the US, I usually headed for brewpubs, and I spent quite a bit of time here in 2003. Back then, I quite enjoyed their ESB and Kozlov Stout, though the beers tended to be poured extremely cold. One of us has changed a lot in the intervening years - the beers were a bit underwhelming and the place was heaving with conventioneers from the Moscone Center across the street. I like the space a lot, that hadn't changed, but I guess I've moved on from brewpub house beers.
I am a crunchy stay at home mom to my 15 month old son and 12 year old step daughter. I started my blog, Naturally Healthy Parenting, to share my experiences with going green with others. I love spending time with my family, blogging, sewing, and reading, and I am addicted to fluff!
I was published in my first Gooseberry Patch Cookbook! How cool is that? I think it's great of them to send you a free book when they use one of your recipes. There are a few in this one that I plan to make.
Accessories: SRM Press (sentiment), gems by Hero Arts
Geography Department's PhD program with a full fellowship. She will be moving from Fairbanks, Alaska to Worcester, Massachusetts at the end of summer –which won’t be easy on Mama Llama (sigh)… We are all so PROUD of her and now there will be no more excuses for us all NOT to visit the East Coast (cheer!).
Rom 12:9-16 (Phi) Let us have no imitation Christian love. Let us have a genuine hatred for evil and a real devotion to good. Let us have real warm affection for one another as between brothers, and a willingness to let the other man have the credit. Let us not allow slackness to spoil our work and let us keep the fires of the Spirit burning, as we do our work for the Lord. Base your happiness on your hope in Christ. When trials come endure them patiently; steadfastly maintain the habit of prayer. Give freely to fellow-Christians in want, never grudging a meal or a bed to those who need them… Share the happiness of those who are happy, and the sorrow of those who are sad. Live in harmony with each other, Don’t become snobbish but take a real interest in ordinary people. Don’t become set in your own opinions.
Dining
But I realized as I was reading everyone's posts that many of us are in a certain stage of our blogging careers. When you've done something for years, there are bound to be points where you feel burnt out or annoyed or totally overwhelmed. And you may vacillate back and forth between those stages.
Orkney are one of my favourite Scottish breweries and brew a couple of old favourites that I used to serve regularly at the bar I worked in throughout university. They are quite a traditional brewery in terms of the ale they produce and don’t normally experiment with extreme flavours or hops. Orkney’s Clootie Dumpling isn’t an exception to this. Don’t get me wrong, it’s a lovely beer but it’s not something that is going to blow your mind.
STRAWBERRY PEACH CUP
Now you understand how to make application for a job in McDonalds, take the possibility to achieve this now and get the dream job that you want.
As the country considers the new health care reform proposals and opponents speak about rationing to save money and “death panels”, remember that some of the reductions proposed are designed to spare us excessive and unnecessary ionizing radiation exposure.
that my girlfriend
The order, by a three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit, appears to be in direct response to the president's comments yesterday about the Supreme Court's review of the health care law. Mr. Obama all but threw down the gauntlet with the justices, saying he was "confident" the Court would not "take what would be an unprecedented, extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress."
The monastery did not remain in the hands of the Ioannina brothers for long, becoming an axillary of the Varlaam Monastery in 1614 and descending slowly into disrepair, the beautiful frescoes within fading even as the land without remained lush and vibrant.
I love finding recipes that are so good I want to repeat them over and over again. Recently, these three have become staples at our house. They are all seriously sooooo yummy and easy. Had to share!
The accusation slightly calmed Derrek, but he couldn’t even imagine how a ball of fire a mile wide crashing into the earth couldn’t mean certain doom. “I’m s…sorry can you explain that too? I must have gone crazy…” He glanced up at the sky nervously, checking to see if it had gotten closer still. His rationality returned somewhat and he realized if it had been the sun there was no way it could be that close. Also the sun was much, much larger than this.
Sometimes I doubt the people I love the most too. Like A or N, its fear maybe. Fear of intolerance, fear of endurance a third degree pain. Fear of moving on or looking back. But when God’s great he leaves the worst page in your book, blank. Its a thought in a writer’s head that misses the pages. My call goes out to everyone out there, especially women. Depend on no one because at some point they’ll make you feel your dependance and those are the moments you’d rather have a stance than wish you had one.
The river was very high, apparently from all the rain in Germany. Picnic benches on the riverbank were half submerged in the water. There were a lot of people camping along the river, some at obviously commercial campsites with tourist facilities and activities.
Expansive C60 from the trio of Bob Blaize, Jeph Jerman, and Travis Johnson, with Sky Bells on Avant Archive. A stunning journey through percussion, drone, and a mix of field recordings. Beautiful hypnotic chimes that draw the listener in slowly, inviting upwards, combining with carefully chosen timbres, designed to enrapture the ear into joyous celebration of the natural vibration of the world.
- a drowning Japanese sailor shot his American rescuer
Lara Scolari is an abstract artist who works across a range of mediums. She says the theme gives her a starting point, pushing her art-making practice in new directions.
It is standard with licensed character work that your name will NOT be shown on the cover or title page, and you won't get this changed. The argument is that the book is usually presented as 'belonging' to the character (eg Angelina Ballerina's book of ballet shoes) and so it can't 'belong' to you. In addition, the character belongs to the original creator (which is a fair point) and they probably don't want your name on it. It is work for hire. There is nothing very imaginative in doing licensed character work - it follows a formula and adheres to a strict style and content guide. Accept that you won't get copyright or a cover/title page credit - if you don't like that, don't take the work. However, you may be able to get your name included on the imprint/acknowledgement page and as long as NO ONE has their name on the title page, you can still claim PLR on the book. It's worth arguing to have your name somewhere if it is a book that is likely to go into libraries (eg not a sticker book, or an activity book that is destroyed or defaced in use).
Themes & Things: As I mentioned, the development of the relationship between Courtney and Uncle Aloysius was the most satisfying thematic thread for me—it gave the story added stability as it veered in and out of silliness and even satire. And, of course, the idea of being new and not fitting in at school is always a classic theme; in this case, Courtney has good reason to not fit in, and what's more, she really wouldn't WANT to, even if she could. So this story's got the added plus of sending the message that you don't have to conform to be happy.
I’d still like thighs the size of my calves, but the difference is that I’m no longer willing to compromise my happiness to achieve it, or for the thought of my thighs to take up valuable space in my mind. It’s just not that important.
Why? Because they want more pay
Using a mandolin, slice each potato into very thin slices. Do not rinse them, the starch is supposed to help them stay on the fish. Place one slice on the cutting board and overlap it slightly on one side with another slice. Repeat until you have reached the length of the fillet and then repeat with remaining potatoes until you have four potato packets. Season each fillet liberally with kosher salt and lay perpendicularly on each potato packet. Fold the edges of the potatoes over to enclose and brush the entire thing with 1 tsp clarified butter.
Border: Spellbinders Fleur De Lis Doily Accents
16. Played-a-Live - Safri Duo / 6:47
The next section, the “Boulevard” began work immediately. It most famous edifice, the Telefonica Building, wasn’t actually built until the late twenties, but for a time was, at 88 metres, the tallest building in the city. The similarity to a generic New York skyscraper is no coincidence. The architect was Louis S. Weeks, and American who also designed the Phone Palace in Bucharest and the International Telephone Building on Broad Street in New York and the as well as apartment blocks in that city’s Park Avenue.
so I've built a wooden heart inside this iron ship,
Can you imagine these two having sex?
Her-
Every one of Marble's beers is flavorful, even the pedestrian styles that can be found at most craft breweries. Head Brewer Ted Rice does not do boring, mediocre or average.
I have been in contact with Barnardo's and also a genealogist in Ireland. I have been given the necessary contact name. I have written to the contact name, twice, and have been waiting for a reply... Oh this is so difficult. It seems that the people who have the information that I need are reluctant to give me the necessary.
But his good deeds don’t end there and I’m glad they don’t. You see, he is an original dumpster diver. Not only does he find the good stuff in the dumpsters and alleys, he’s been known to knock on a door or two if need be to inquire about furniture or wood that has just been sitting in the same place for a while. I bet you see where this is headed. And if you guessed that my dad acquired all of this furniture, well you would be almost correct, Mr. K nabbed a few pieces for good measure. I could never thank these two for all that they do for me. I have the two best partners-in-crime a girl could ask for!
Your entry must be Christmas or Festive related
Philippe Sands, whose book Torture Team first made the case against the Bush lawyers and which Boyé said was instrumental in formulating the Spanish case, said yesterday: "What this does is force the Obama administration to come to terms with the fact that torture has happened and to decide, sooner rather than later, whether it is going to criminally investigate. If it decides not to investigate, then inevitably the Garzón investigation, and no doubt many others, will be given the green light."
WHICH brings me back to wanting to be on the edge of the wave. I find it incredible that I am one of the first if not the first educator in Natick that wants to purchase ebooks in multiples and secondly, that Barnes and Noble doesn’t seem to have a clear, streamlined process for purchasing books between the numbers of 2 and 25. And back to my analogy? I guess you can’t always hit the perfect wave every time. Perhaps being ahead of the wave this time will make it easier for myself and others for the next wave to come along. Meanwhile, I’m paddling like mad to get back in position to ride the next wave. Hope I catch it!
I was intrigued by this trend sweeping the nation (not really) but set some ground rules.
And I am not dismayed
I’m finding that that is the case today. I’m up to draft one billion of AMARANTH and I’ve been taking notes. Things like ‘If Jakiesha are anti-healing magic then what do they do when they get sick?’ Some of the questions that I begin to ask myself can be answered in the next book – which leads me to thinking that if, for example, Ravon and Zac start dating what would the house dynamics be like in the next book.
At Favor Central we offer many different custom personalized wedding favors that come in many different wedding themes and favor types. We have a personalized wedding favor for any wedding and any season of the year. If you are having a winter wedding we have winter holiday personalized wedding favors that come in all different varieties such as seed packets, candy jars, glass jars and much more. We also offer customizable fall, beach, elite designers, and many other types of themes for your wedding day. Here at favor central we understand the every detail is of the utmost importance and are proud to take part in your special day by offering you the best quality favors for your special day at an affordable price.
These were our final inspiration images, largely because we have high ceilings, some arched windows and a tufted couch in the same colour as the second photo!:
So not only is Friday my favorite day of the week, but I get to post about it on my friend Hillary's Friday Favorites!
comedy/coming of age/big dreams for a little school year book to have. Kelsey is likeable, and her friends are multi-faceted. She can be vain, but a lot of being that involves that, doesn’t it? The book also has a family element, which I think people will appreciate, even if it is, too, angsty in the way only a younger teen’s family life can be. Basically, if you want to channel your inner, newly teenaged self, OR, if you want to give a rambunctious niece (who you’ve warned about drinking and/or hooking up) this is the book for you.
“Copyright is a state-guaranteed right given to creators of ‘literary and artistic works’ to control the reproduction, distribution, adaptation or translation of their Works,” (Hagedorn, 2011). The full copyright restrictions include all rights reserved, except when it falls under Fair Use, and the public domain is primarily no rights reserved, such as Shakespeare’s works. Creative Commons aim is “to build a layer of reasonable copyright on top of the extremes that now reign,” (Lessig, 2004, p. 282). If it takes a lifetime before a work is released into the public domain, then the current creative community loses the ability to expand and build upon these works. “’Fair Use’ is a crucial element in American copyright law—the principle that the public is entitled, without having to ask permission, to use copyright works in ways that do not unduly interfere with the copyright owner’s market for work,” (Von Lohmann, 2010, p. 9). Personal, noncommercial uses, commenting, news reporting, teaching and research all fall under the realm of Fair Use.
The vinyl on some of these tracks is a little crunchy, but all are quite enjoyable....and besides, some people PAY for software to make their songs sound this way! Ha Ha Ha.
Bossy Britches
*That probably would have been a safer choice, hehe.
I've also made friends with this bitch
Gatlin too showed a penchant for fast 4x4 splits when he was at Tennessee. Often turning in low 44 second relay legs. While he hasn't been injured since 2003, time away from the sprints can have the same sort of effect as far as taking away from one's quickness. So potentially we're looking at Gatlin coming back and NOT being a 9.77 sprinter. Perhaps more of a high 9.8x to low 9.9x sprinter.
Remove the bowl from the water and let cool for about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, line a sieve with four-five layers of dampened cheesecloth and set it over a bowl. Transfer the mixture into the lined sieve. Do not squeeze the cheese in the cheesecloth or press on its surface, it will firm up on its own during the refrigeration time. Once cooled completely, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate (in the sieve) overnight or up to 24 hours.
When you travel, you notice the stuff that's different from home and you spend a lot of time and energy trying to understand the routines and rituals of new places. Do I order first and then pay? Do I get my food at the counter or do they bring it to me? Do I need to leave a tip? How much is the right amount? You know what I mean.
If I cannot work out an hour, I will at least walk the dogs 10 minutes.
Acts 14 tells the story of Paul and Barnabas in Greece and their different experiences with the “crowd.” In the first portion of the chapter, the crowd are so enthralled by the works of God that they see Paul and Barnabas performing that they begin to worship them as gods. Suddenly, two verses later, the crowd is convinced by unbelievers to stone Paul and drag his seemingly lifeless body from the city!! This got me thinking about the “crowd.”
Oh, yeah; and they can't find all these jobs they were promised coming out of college, even in a good economy. Why? Because EVERYONE IS JUST AS QUALIFIED.
Name: BEAUTY QUEENS
“We’re working very closely with our customers to understand the issue and where we have materials that can help,” Davies said of DuPont.
"Well, they have these random eyeball stickers on them for some reason so they look a bit childish, but they should work!" I defended my now seemingly ridiculous purchase...which still only cost me less than 2 Euros. (Yes, that probably should have explained a lot!)
A slight cramp in my hand from writing (So used to the computer now!)
Learning how to identify when the shift in the relationship at an age appropriate level takes place, is crucial for preventing child sexual abuse.
Elvis was now a rebel – and he was embraced as such. In the 50’s Elvis appeared to be a rebel, but his army stint and the 60’s movies confirmed Elvis was in fact, establishment.
Fr. Rolheiser wrote - "We are loving or non-loving not on the basis of how we respond to those who love us, but on the basis of how we respond to those who hate us, and are cold, hostile, and murderous toward us."
"Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS). She's got XY chromosomes so she's genetically male." We just looked at each other for a while. I didn't know what to say and he seemed to be waiting for the next words to come to him.
Knowing that Hitler and the wartime effort were huge circulation builders, America's comic book publishers rarely missed a chance to direct their super (and non-super) heroes into the fray. From 1941 to 1945, deliberately vicious, almost non-human caricatures of Germans and Japanese people populated hundreds, if not thousands, of pages of American comic books. The altered collage-style comic book cover by Bob Wood (signed) that opens this posting is from Lev Gleason's Daredevil #1 (not by Cole, although it appears that some figures from his stories might have been pasted onto or copied into the cover), one the classic iconic anti-Hitler comics.
I was very tall and people would ask me how I got so tall. I didn’t know. They were brunette. I was blonde. People would even say that I looked like my a-dad but I couldn’t help but thinking each time I looked in the mirror; “Whose eyes are those “?
There’s nothing close to these in Four Discourses Against the Arians, Discourse 2.35 (see page 367). This may seem somewhat puzzling. The puzzle begins to be resolved when one examines the secondary source on which Michuta was relying (amusingly, Michuta’s ccArmstrong in tertiary-sourcing the subject avoids this particular problem when he relies on Michuta, because he cuts off Michuta’s footnote).
You don’t have tickets for the Yankees game? Go on up anyway and ask if they’ve got any last minute deals. Chances are you’ll get great seats and at a discount too.
RATH: It comes to a breaking point. Episode 10 is an amazing episode, for the three of us.
1. The Bible - I have received a one-year Bible as a Christmas present and started reading it. I've read bits and pieces over the years but never sat down to read the whole thing.
to turn around,
I’m gonna hit the sack because it’s 2.21 in the morning, my little prince is asleep and if I stay up anymore I’m gonna cry again and I refuse to do it.
A new board to run the Otago Rugby Football Union should be in place by the end of next month, with clubs to be consulted over a reworked constitution in the next couple of weeks. The union is also hoping to have raised about $400,000 to pay off its small creditors.
I had spent the better part of my day feeling sorry for the mother in me…carting and carrying…wiping and blowing…making and preparing…comforting and soothing…she does so much. But she is called to! She has been called out among so many to love THIS family in THIS home. By God…he called ME to be HER. He has trusted me to cart and carry, wipe and blow, make and prepare, comfort and soothe. He calls me to use the hand He designed to hold the tender hearts of the two who were so sick today. He calls me to be their comfort. My pity has drowned in a sea of joy…eucharisteo…grace! He has washed me clean in His mercy. He has lavished me today with love and gifts of beauty! He LOVES me…even when I find it so incredibly hard to be thankful in the hard eucharisteo…He loves me MORE. He gives me strength…He blesses me. Thank you, Lord. You sustain me…
Who said I kept it? LOL. Last year, in the midst of losing our business and being forced to move, along with my mother being sick and a family member having marital problems, I was certain I would go insane and never recover. But the Lord carried me through. Even when it didn't feel like it. I pray and seek God, that keeps me somewhat sane.
None of this is game breaking, just mosquito buzzing around your ear in the summer heat annoying. A final bit of advice before you go renting your own server, go have a gander at the empty ones first before wasting your own money. Maybe even get to know the guys who own those servers and become friends. Maybe they’ll make you admins.
We paused to give her our attention. And I regretted it immediately when she continued, "At my age, everything's dry--my skin, my hair, even my vagina."
Seared Bluefin Tuna (with a teriyaki & garlic dipping sauce)
Transfer dough to a well floured surface. Pat or roll dough into a 9 inch circle. With a sharp knife, dipped in flour, cut into triangles. Place on baking sheet and brush with egg wash. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until outside is browned and scones are cooked through. Cool on a wire rack.
If you are a fan of console gaming and happen to prefer to stay on the Xbox side of the spectrum rather than Sony’s PlayStation, then be prepared to benefit from a little bit of excitement. According to IGN, Microsoft’s next-generation gaming console is currently being assembled behind closed doors in a United States-based factory.
I wore my white leather jacket as outerwear - it was actually a little bit sunny out this weekend!
Dear Friends:
First, he sees what's at stake:
The recent case of Preece v JD Wetherspoon demonstrates that employees put their positions at risk if they use social media to vent their frustrations at work. In this case an employment tribunal decided that a pub manager was fairly dismissed for gross misconduct after she used Facebook during working time to make inappropriate comments about two customers. Even though the customers had threatened to abuse her, the tribunal maintained that her comments did not reflect her anger or upset at the customers, but seemed more like a joke between friends. It didn’t matter that she thought her privacy settings meant only close friends could see her messages – in fact a wider group could see her Facebook page. The tribunal found her comments were in the public domain and therefore risked damaging her employer’s reputation.
he comes and whispers
Subject: Re: HB's b'day
1150 **D-X/24/1992. “Prophecy and Statesmanship.” Conference on the Evangelization of the American Southwest, The University of Dallas, Irving, Texas. (Incorporated in Item C-1993(2), pp. 113-21.)
His plots tend to be simple, either mysteries or routine adventures, but you do not read Vance fiction for the plots, but rather to explore his wondrous worlds and spend time with the fascinating people. Occasionally though, a Vance story does have a plot worthy of its setting, or even a thought-provoking theme. The Domains of Koryphon (aka The Grey Prince) was such a novel. And so is one of his finest novels Emphyrio.
Congratulations, Nana Connie! Please email me at stampandcreate@bellsouth.net with your mailing address and I will send you your gift certificate.
Us on the beach:
-2-
Subject: enjoyed the phone call
Permit me to speak in abstractions for a moment.
Like father, like son.
Reuben: God, Jesus Christ!
As the tide receded the feeding frenzy began. I was lucky a group stopped right in front of us to work on this section of shoreline habitat. With my long lens on I got some interesting pictures of these little birds in action.
Cities are proof that we are capable of creation as much as we are capable of destruction! They are a sign that we are magnificent, every one of us and all of us together!
two-point perspective
Tonight we go to dinner at a place of his choosing. I try to ask questions, he notes the menu items. We zig and zag and on Thursday morning he hugs me awkwardly and goes. I let him go with a prayer but no words.
tee-fucking-dah.
Lisa: I think for the most part, I’m more of the funny/dorky one and he is a little more reserved, but what can I say, opposites attract. What he does to make me laugh though is he always laughs at my jokes, even though it’s just me being weird. Haha. Best quality.. Ah, there’s so many, but if I haaaave to narrow it down. It would be that he has a heart of gold. Purely genuine and very understanding. His worst quality: Hahaha, He can be a little too nice. I do get scared that he may get taken advantage of, but I make sure to level that out.
Daisy Guo
_____Don't you just hate people who put random, vague and abusive statuses on Facebook clearly directed at an individual but without having the guts to say it to their face...You know who you are (top best funny quote)
The other two dead victims were identified as Dannaer Fields, 49, and Bobby Clark, 54.
CDC in da Hizzouse Bowie.
* That you will think about using your real name for this, although pseudonyms can be given if necessary
I have a plan…. I am on a mission to finish eating everything (almost everything) that I have in my apartment now and then follow (As closely as I can) this 21 vegan kick start application menu I have on my iPhone. It gives you recipes, menus, grocery shopping lists, and calories. I would like to give this a serious try and follow this plan as closely as I can for 21 days. I’m hoping it will somehow work with my schedule.
451110 Sporting goods stores
Note:
The sultan said politics should be left to politicians and the people should not be dragging rulers into politics.
Life is a series of mistakes.
“The girl was just eighteen, and had graduated from Union’s one-room high school two weeks earlier. If that passerby had bothered to ponder her eyes- which were the sweet, translucent brown of Coca-Cola in a glass- he might have recognized in them a brewing agitation. p. 9″
Perhaps you want to establish a writers' residence. Perhaps you're fed up. Perhaps you want to declare a private city-state. Or perhaps you simply want to reinvigorate the struggling private island market.
Finally, it will give them less time to get teenage girls pregnant.
This was a fun recipe to try and a nice treat, but not the kind of thing I'm likely to make/eat all the time (one can only eat so much salad to balance out such things). But this NEXT recipe is something I'm adding to my repertoire forever. Another ATK recipe (god, I'm such a fangirl), this time for their Rustic Dinner Rolls. I guess I've got a little confidence in my bread-making skills since my successful boule experiment, and dinner rolls seemed like a good fit since, unlike a large loaf, these can be frozen and individually defrosted as needed. (I hate throwing food away, and I think I would CRY if I had to throw away lovingly homemade bread because it went stale!) Unfortunately, no pictures of the process (I got a migraine halfway through making these-- my wonderful boyfriend took over and "turned" the dough according to the recipe while I took my medication and laid in a dark room for a while), but the outcome.... WOW!
Our Frayed Safety Net:
guess, because cloven we are.
”I believe a line has been crossed here,” she said.
I figured that this was one of those occasions where I’d adhere to that age old tradition of not talking to strangers. But Neha, my companion being a warm, talkative child who is prone to attract various types of strange phenomena, took on the task of divulging the most absorbing details of our awfully modest lives! Of course not, I exaggerate for the sake of a little drama. However, she did tell him that we were both studying: Mathematics and History….. And then, strangely enough, he laughed. He looked at us and tauntingly whispered that we knew nothing, absolutely nothing. How could anything we learnt within the confines of the walls of our college teach us anything about life?
a thread on the frayed bottom of my jeans lightly tickling my ankle
This is how our day went: We got up and I made some (gluten-free!) pancakes for breakfast while the kids folded some laundry and listened to a story on CD--Now, I know what you're thinking, I'm such a slave driver! Well, the day wasn't ruined just yet. Actually that pill was swallowed easily, maybe because it had a pancake chaser. The baby decided to take a nap at 9:30, weird but true.
What's going to happen at the event?
Our conversation went a little something like this:
Background These appeals were from patent applications which had been filed in order to create legal test cases, an idea suggested by the VNO (the Dutch equivalent of the Confederation of British Industry). Philips filed a patent application on 1 February 2000 relating to a black and white display and my employer DSM agreed to act as opponent. The parent was EP1006733 and a later divisional was filed as EP1263240. Disclosures of the exact wording of different claims were made via email (encrypted and non-encrypted) and also posted on the web (to various urls and removed after various periods, including in one instance after only 20 minutes). The case was set up so technical issues about the invention were eliminated as far as possible (which is just as well -- as I am a chemist by training!) so we could concentrate on the legal issues. The divisional was filed so we could split the issues into seperate appeals for web disclosures (T 1553-06 from EP1006733 ) and for email disclosures (T 0002/09 from EP1263240). These decisions aren't yet available on the EPO's TBA database, though they are available on the file wrapper of each patent application. Each 90+ page judgment provides a very through and fair summary of the arguments and issues raised by both parties. the main points are:
24-32 ounces chicken or vegetable stock
I went back to the store the following day just to look at the shoes again and the sales lady said that my shoes have been purchased. I was sad but understood that they couldn't hold them forever. But she saw my expression and said...."Oh, no...they were purchased for YOU." I immediately thought it was my very good guy friend (who is now my husband :) ) because he used to do things like that. But she said it was an anonymous woman who saw me looking at the shoes and said, that little girl deserves to have those shoes. And bought them!!! She didn't leave her name and just paid for an anonymous gift for a person she had never met. I started crying and crying and made quite the scene at AT.
Police academy actor and NFL star Bubba Smith died at 66. The wrong "Bubba" has died. Why couldn't it be the one that rapes cellmates in prison.
5. Take home a terrific summertime fun Member Meeting Registration Gift.
quickest of pauses
This isn’t a shocking admission on my part. Most people who know me, or have at least seen my movie collection, have seen an embarrassing array of guilty pleasures (yes, that’s Charlie’s Angels on blu-ray) but who among us doesn’t have a guilty pleasure? For some of us (okay… it’s me) it’s the high-school rom-com that perpetuates unrealistic ideals of beauty and high school life. For others it’s stoner movies like Harold & Kumar and Half-Baked. The point isn’t “what are our guilty pleasures?” After all, there’s as natural as a gerbil’s urge to eat her own young… okay, maybe that’s a bad example, but guilty pleasures are normal, believe me. The question is, “what do we do with them?”
I haven't talked much about my love for cooking on my blog - mostly because when I am cooking, I generally don`t have time to slow down and take photos for food posts - though I`d love to - usually meal time is rushed around here with 2 little ones, so it just doesn't work for me right now!
We are simply against pernicious Difference and pernicious Otherness.
This is the silent torture of those who've been out on sub for a long time. You're not supposed to talk about it. You're not supposed to admit to people how much it hurts. You can't complain, because you have an agent and you should be grateful and so many authors would kill to be where you are.
The problem with digging a trench is that the trench has a much higher chance of wearing away than the embankment. Naturally if you dig a huge trench, it probably won’t wash away, but if water keeps working on the inner side of the trench closest to the tent, it can wear it away and get to the tent anyway, whereas water has only one thing to wear away at with an embankment, and since it wasn’t there before anyways, you don’t’ have to fix something that was naturally there. It sounds weird, but it has been prOven over and over.
“ Wha?”…”um no, sweetie, it must be the meds, your Designated Examiner said the trial is Wednesday, not tomorrow, we will be there tomorrow night to make it the next morning.”
The waxing crescent reminds me that life follows circular patterns. When things seems down and hopeless, I try to remember that the circle will come around again and things will pick up. Just as the moon wanes and fades to the dark of the new moon, it grows and waxes anew to cast the light during the dark.
We are well on our way to having a new nook, and with only $40 spent! Next up is combing the house for more organizational resources, and most likely hitting up Martha's new line at Staples. I also hear Container Store is having a sale. Dangerous places, but I'm willing to take one for the team.
A church is not credible in which literally everything is, and remains, questionable. But a church is credible in which one may, to be sure, ask everything, but in which one cannot answer everything.
Because even when no one else notices, we know that God sees.
My husband won a trip to Maui.
Unfortunately, there are downsides of rewards travel. Mainly, I have a freaking NINETEEN hour layover in Dallas. I land in Dallas Fort Worth at 9:55pm Dec 18th and don’t fly out until 5pm Dec 19th.
This Waterfi Shuffle is 100% waterproofed from the inside out and it looks and works just like a normal Shuffle.
Last night I made the mistake of stopping at Target on my way home from work, when every other resident of my community got the same idea at the exact same time. I only ended up with a handful of things in my cart, because the store was out of several key items on my list. This Christmas, if anyone asks you during an after-dinner trivia game, “Which major U.S. retailer was completely out of Rolos three days before the second-largest candytastic U.S. holiday?” you can now answer with confidence.
The publicity tells us, "From pop icons such as Doctor Who and Judge Dredd, to political extrapolations and universe-jumping space operas, Scottish writers have been producing science fiction in its many forms for the past 30 years. But the keyboards of Iain Banks, Steven Moffat, Ken MacLeod and others were not the first to explore this territory. Whet your appetite for discovery with the National Library of Scotland’s selection of science fiction treasures, and journey into the past, present and future of this little explored space of Scottish writing."
... What if instead we had all clothing made of PLASTIC! Yea, plastic... cuz then you could just wipe off ANYTHING that fell on it. Liquids wouldn't set in, they'd just bead right off. Yep, plastic is the fabric of the future.
24-26
Much has been written about the episode and I certainly had no idea it would become as important as it has. I didn't actually expect to become as ill as I did. I didn't discuss it with the ethics committee at the hospital.
National Short Story Week is intended to be a grass roots, "bottom up" event. The role of the publicity campaign managed by Short Story Week C.I.C. is to enable individuals and organisations to organise their own events on a national, regional or local level. Good for them! As I always say, it's International Short Story Day every day here at the Short Review, but I know that some people need a little bit of a nudge/shove in that direction. We'll do everything we can to support NSSW of course. Roll on, November!
As a world famous brand in manufacturing splendid watches, Guess has gained more and more popularity among people for its high quality timepieces. It has become an international brand since the successful launch of its first range of timepieces in 1983.
I have this character in my writing who is a Private Investigator in a paranormal world and making my mind work in a linear, clue discovering, gumshoe campaign can only help strengthen the character and world of my writing. By working through the RPG mystery it may train my head to think as a mystery writer more and lead to being a better mystery writer for my paranormal P.I.
On Saturday, I had some over-ripened bananas around. Because I was stuck at home waiting for the man who was going to power wash my house to show up, I decided I would make banana bread. I searched through many cookbooks and decided on Paula Deen’s recipe from her Southern Cooking Bible. I did make one slight change to her banana bread recipe though. I replaced the 3/4 cup chopped walnuts with 3/4 cup coconut. It is the most delicious bread I have ever made. The edges of the bread are the best part because they are crunchy and soooo scrumptious.
Campbell
place needs some renovations, our current place needs to be prepared
Either cooked, in a salad, from the oven with cheese and ham, or fresh leaves stuffed with smoked salmon or blue cheese, with a large variety of recipes it's possible to create a delicious vegetable companion to your dinner.
The worst thing about writing for television?
One of the characteristics of marketing professionals that makes them so insufferably dim is their obsession with young people.
- In Miami, Florida, USA, it is still illegal for anyone to imitate an animal.
26. Under Wah-Wah (02:51)
In December 1975 he was convicted of armed robbery and received a further one-year sentence.
Daft Punk ~ One More Time ~ Virgin ~ 2000
The $5 tacos offer a tasty little snack -- order two and share the corn chips and you'll usually be right for lunch or dinner. Picking up and eating these soft tacos requires some hand-eye coordination.
Now remove the cupcake liners slowly with out breaking the Candy Melts coating.
Alligator meatballs
I’ll give some great examples how you could achieve your goals with building blogs. All you gotta do is create a free blog of your liking then create content for it. Regular individuals like you can make a nice monthly income from that one little blog in which $500 dollars is possible, but if you decided that you would like to publish teen more just like it then that could possibly be about $5,000 dollars right there. The good thing about it is there is no limit how much you could make by washing, rinsing, and doing it again.
Step 1: Gather your supplies. To make this craft you will need:
I meant to try layering it over a base colour but TBH with more and more polish arriving on my doorstep I couldn't be bothered putting in the effort, when I could try a brand new one instead!!!
Everyday you will carry water for ten miles. Yes, we have modern plumbing. Yes, our faucet pours clean water into a jug at the twist of a hand, but this modern convenience is not for you. You will have to carry water for ten miles around the house, loop for loop, if necessary – in a jug with no handles. The more difficult the receptacle is for carrying, the better. You will work out how many times you’ll have to lap the house in order to equal ten miles through an algebraic equation. Then you will set your alarm for early enough to complete your ten miles before school. You will complete the ten miles, while I chirp into your ear about how lucky you are to be born into a family that has running water because this would be your life somewhere else, only without school as a refuge. After your mileage, you can have a wash with the container of water and a drink if you like. (Hopefully, the drink before the wash. Hygiene!) If this endeavor does not motivate you throughout your school day, then there is no hope.
In an attempt to halve my party stress levels (and because their birthdays fall within three weeks of each other), I am bravely planning a common party for both.
And to be honest, I'm still not sure.
and yes, it needs to be in capital letters.
One can only hope!
-What's "normal" for a SAHM
And omg, was it so much fun!
The temps are supposed to be horrible all week. And of course I signed up for that 10 mile race this weekend. I forsee some walk breaks during that event, too. Good thing I'm just using it as a training run!
"I save his confidence in me as though his words were silver dollars, knotted in a silk scarf and kept hidden in a dresser drawer" (p. 99).And I learn things from this author. This one also makes me laugh.
28,663 FC runs with 80 centuries at 53.37
If you haven’t got time to read the piece, let me try to explain. Predictive analytics is a management process whereby you examine your “descriptive” analytics (your conventional marketing and other data), agree internally on a consistent approach to that data, and then use this information – combined with field information/segmentation etc to predict certain outcomes algorithmically.
I initially posted the following inspiration look. It is very doll-like, and almost reminds me of a fairy. What I loved about this makeup look, was the white and orange together and the ethereal look it created.
I never considered writing for adults… I’ve always had this passion for children’s books and children reading and writing. Even before I started writing myself my main interest in my teaching career was to try to inspire children to love books. There’s nothing more magical than being lost in a book - and I think all children deserve to experience that magic.
In Word Work we've again built routines, we're working on different sounds in words depending on our levels. The students are comparing no more than 2 or 3 sounds at a time which makes it quite manageable them.
Here's me walking my dog, Roxy, after the tournament :)
Smaller crosses and gravestones fill the cemetery itself. A “Hall of Honour” provides a place for reflection and prayer.
The first time they appear in Alien there are hundreds of eggs in the Space Jockey (the fictional item that launched a thousand websites) waiting for a host to come along. Realistically the Xenomorphs don't seem like the type to colonize planets, build spaceships, develop opposable thumbs... y'know the usual things metaphorically canabalistic races seem to do....
Locals carry bricks as riots break out over inadequate housing and poor public services in the Thokoza township of Johannesburg. Sourced from: www.guardian.co.uk
If you start typing as soon as the menu appears, the Start menu will list programs and documents matching your search terms. For example, typing “smart” will list the programs “Sprint SmartView” and “PPC’s SMART Practice Aids” as well as any file or folder with “smart” in the name.
Okay....I'm bragging now. :)
Sea salt to taste
*both kinds are always an 'OFF-WHITE' or WHITISH colour.
Hi everybody. I made this very cool masculine golf card with great papers that was CAS with no white! Then I stamped my images and flipped. They were brand new and since January, I've been having a problem with my images picking up ink where it shouldn't be picking up so I have a manufacturer's defect on my hands. That is creative frustration! After I made this card, I didn't have time to start all over again but might add another card later this week to try to redeem myself for this one. Please overlook the blahs, which seem to be the entire card, down to fussy cutting out the golf bag. Let's look on the positive, there's great DP and I used Soft Stone for my neutral. If everything worked out the right way, this would have been a very cool masculine card :)
* I love Rapping when am bored.
Webster, Scott. “Existentialism: Providing an ideal framework for educational research in times of uncertainty.” In AARE 2002: Problematic Futures. Coldstream, Victoria, NSW, pp.1-15.
Max has a bad right hip. When he was a puppy I could tell by his walk that his pelvis wasn't bearing weight evenly. He wiggled a bit too much on one side. Sure enough hip dysplagia was the diagnosis. We watch him carefully and give him pain medicine when needed. His hip is bothering him again after playing a little ball in the backyard with my husband, it troubles him to get up and down. He actually slept by my feet last night on the bed, so he must have been hurting. Even dogs need their Mom's when they are not feeling great.
I cannot speak,
I was caught off guard. "Huh? Sino?"
At Riverbend, and on both sides of the river, young singles of Atlanta had gathered with their coolers, mesh lawn chairs, and staked out viewing venues to watch this “event.” Waving at us from apartment balconies and the shore, applauding our derring -do, I guess, they cheered us on our journey. Perhaps these denizens of the river knew what was about to happen and were there to watch the "fun"?
NAMA of course controls the biggest commercial property portfolio in the country, worth €10bn according to the SCS. And a 20% further decline in values would see NAMA in line for a €2bn loss. The impact on our beleaguered banking sector could be even worse. Given the residual non-NAMA loans in the NAMA Participating Institutions (PIs, AIB, Anglo, Bank of Ireland, EBS, INBS) includes €70bn of commercial property lending (remember NAMA is primarily about land and development with commercial property sucked in under the heading of associated lending – pure commercial property exposures are left untouched by NAMA). So a further decline engineered by a new government might see losses at the banks balloon even further.
Crushed Nutter Butters
So, my friend Holly asked if I would share "my" shortbread recipe (hee hee..it's not really "mine"!!) and blog about it.
Well...tomorrow is actually my birthday! I thought about holding a contest or giveaway to celebrate, but the Warm Fuzzies Blogfest is coming up in a couple weeks, so I'm going to send out the gift of laughter to you all instead.
She knew it was a lie and that her father knew that as well, but she hoped he wouldn’t ask any more awkward questions. In point of fact, she wanted to tell somebody what she was thinking at that moment: about how unfair it was that Angelika had so many nice things and, now of all times, she could add Ophelia to that collection – something that she desperately wanted herself. Worse still was that she was set to play Penelope at the end of year party. Correction: she wanted to tell everyone how unfair that was. But her dad wouldn’t have time for that kind of thing. It didn’t matter anyway because he couldn’t change anything anyway.
Sadly we couldn’t find the comment piece in the Wakefield Express online so all we can do is add a link to the organisation that wrote that piece www.rhubarbbomb.com and of course to the comment piece that so enraged some parts of the Wakefield community…
A recent spate of high-profile bird strikes has added fuel to the cause of opponents of a waste transfer station being built near LaGuardia Airport.
Fleece
work the best
I concentrated hard on distilling the pure drop of my Irishness. I structured my sentence in the glorious grammatical forms of the original language of all these islands. I would be authentically Irish.
Just lately I have been on plenty of charity shop forays and took some pictures but they are on a memory stick that one of the girls has at the moment so I will show them on a later post.
'Earth' is from Prima
4) It has been suggested and bears repeating, all bank accounts that are not absolutely necessary should be closed. If you must retain a bank account, switch to a credit union or smaller locally owned bank.
-He has stood by himself one time for a few seconds
Six months ago, my blood sugar levels came back alarmingly high at 155, classifying me in some circles as having pre-diabetes.
Meanwhile, up in the hotel Queenie remembered that her main meal had been served in a bowl, which had been placed on top of a flat-plate and she had put the retainer between the two plates.
From the website of the Victoria and Albert museum, 2009
Me: I feel somewhat hopeless about this situation… my mom was different on the phone yesterday. She is capable of more evil than I thought. And back to… “I’m fine.” They really are bad people. I’ve spent my whole life, making excuses for them… Painting a picture of a family that they are not. They are bad people.
You have shown to me that you are happy with your newfound affection. You said that you feel that I am happy now with another woman you used to hate.
I get it now. Ordinary People is the story of the Jarrett family, and while Conrad is certainly a part of it, there is far more going on here. The Jarretts, when we meet them, are a family torn apart. The older of the two boys, Buck, was killed in a boating accident, and months later, crippled by guilt, younger son Conrad tries to kill himself, but survives. We pick up the story about a month after Conrad has come home from a psychiatric hospital in which he spent a few months to recuperate both mentally and physically. Naturally, there is still a great deal of tension between him and his parents, Calvin (Donald Sutherland) and Beth (Mary Tyler Moore).
Contagion isn’t about characters, it doesn’t let us get that close with the people that we are watching but then again that’s no it’s agenda. This is a movie that studies the world as a whole, how our systems mean nothing when up against our honest human impulses. Fear takes hold, fear spreads, and there is nothing that can be done. I was so glued to this movie that time just passed so quickly. Honestly want to watch this movie again and go through it slowly so I can see all the little details of how our society breaks down.
A supernova is an extremely luminous explosion of a star with a burst of radiation that often briefly outshines the entire galaxy in which the star resides. It can take several weeks or months for a supernova to fade, over this time it can emit as much energy as the Sun over its whole life span. The explosion expels most, if not all, of a star's matter into space, creating a shock wave. The shock wave sweeps up dust and gas from the star an the interstellar medium, creating at supernova remnant. These remnants are usually what you see in images from the Hubble Space Telescope and other telescopes.
Out of sight of the birds, I am able to see a reflection of the birdbath in a glass door panel. When I notice splashing I only have to press the remote and the camera fires on continuous high speed. Sometimes I get an image that entertains me.
Teen fiction wasn’t as developed when I was a teen as it is today. I think the overall quality of children and teen’s fiction today is quite high—I’d rank the best YA fiction among the best fiction for adults any day.
This trip re-traumatized Kate's daughter, forcing her to experience the pain of losing her birth family all over again. Kate's daughter was fairly sure her Grandmother did not want her to be adopted and taken away.
They flicked the switch
HOWEVER! I do believe there are times in life when nothing else but chocolate will satisfy.
Not me.
And if you do that, and you still find no beauty, then the most important job of all, my little ones, is to create beauty yourself. I know you’re capable; I see you do it every day.
will not deny that during a time of two wars, such a major policy change
Back then she didn’t have the words;
Miles 7-10
It's interesting that the cards (66 card, 8 sticker set) are copyrighted for 1981, when the film came out a year later. As you'll see in the cards pulled, that it looks like that they got some early scenes from the movie to be able to make the card set in advance of the film.
Der Prasident Zwei: Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
Disturb us, Lord, to dare more boldly,
The final fight is visceral; witnessing the chaos hundreds of men fighting for their lives, dashing around from one set piece and awesome battle to the next packs a punch. It might have been exhausting and confusing except everything is well paced, with a flow that works well with the director’s choice of shots, especially when hand held camera and over the shoulder shots put you in the thick of the fighting, intercutting between each of the assassins as they wage their desperate fight against overwhelming odds.
their temporal estate, and are brought into sore distress. Lord, we do not
that hauled me so quickly
God spoke from heaven, in six days was done
And whilst on the subject of contempt, how better to describe the attitude of Cameron towards his grassroot supporters? He takes them completely for granted, speaks over their heads, and thanks them not one bit for keeping the sandwiches coming and for re-filling the teapots during the dark years. He makes no attempt at all to stop them flirting with UKIP, let alone the BNP. Those millions who voted for Thatcher (even for Major in 92), but who NO LONGER VOTE - what of them? Does he try to encourage them back with a re-statement of the basic principles that transformed this country for the better after the disaster of late-70s Labour? He does not. He chases liberal votes, and does so brazenly. Some deluded folk think that he is a Tory in Liberals' clothing and will shed the cloak after an election win. Well he won't. He is a metropolitan liberal, on the left of the Tory party. The truth is, Cameron and his top table have much more in common with rootless West London professionals than they do with dentists or ditch-diggers or retired Colonels at the end of their drives in their rural constituencies. He is simply not an attractive choice for many of the old Conservative types who no longer vote. It is left to us (ex) Deputy Chairmen in the sticks to rally the troops. No longer.
Two men from Sparta, Wisconsin are accused of outfitting a 1997 Lincoln with red and blue flashing lights, using it to make fake traffic stops - and then posting video of themselves doing it on YouTube.
FOUR THOUSAND CABAL MEMBERS HAVE ALREADY BEEN ARRESTED
It's a few steps from the 24th St & Mission BART station, opposite a taqueria called Chavo's (tee hee). My first beer on this trip is RRBC Blind Pig, washing down some lovely Nurnburger wurst. I meant to get back here for a proper exploration later in the trip. I didn't make it.
Some say I think all use of other animals is wrong but I support those boycotts. Those campaigns don’t say that all use is wrong; they imply that particular use is wrong. Why don’t promote what you think. And it doesn’t matter what you personally think about use of other animals. What does matter is what general public sees when you advocate for those campaigns. And people are doing those campaigns instead of veganism education. Why? Maybe because people cannot handle the truth of inherent immorality of all use of nonhuman animals, right. No, they can handle the truth. Doing unequivocal vegan advocacy helps all animals.
1/3 cup milky strong coffee, room temperature
18. “Forgotten” by TV on the Radio
Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie said:
The doubleheader will mark the 18th annual Jimmy V Basketball Classic, which was begun in 1995 to raise money for the V Foundation for Cancer Research, which has raised more than $120 million to fund cancer research grants. The V Foundation was founded by the late Jim Valvano, former head coach at North Carolina State and ESPN basketball analyst, who fell victim to the disease in 1993.
and you’ll cup your hand
Most of their questions reflected that very-familiar fear and concern: after you lose weight on Optifast, what will be different? How will they not regain the weight? And what do I do differently now eating-wise than before? This was a tough question, but I definitely remember feeling the same anxieties, and blogged about it myself (see Optifast worries as an example). So what IS different? I feel like I ate healthy food before the program. But I think the problem was that I ate healthy (organic, non-processed) food AND unhealthy food (onion rings, pastries, high-fat/ high-calorie Chinese take-out), AND probably too much of both.
Creek Crossings: This trail has a couple of creeks that feed the lake, and both of the creeks are substantial enough that they require footbridges. The first is at approximately the .9-mile mark. You get a good view of a circuitous creek and the bridge as you descend from a high bluff. You will cross a second creek about three miles into the hike. It also has a high bluff that offers an aerial view of the creek and bridge. This bluff is so steep that the trail has a stone stairway and a hand-railing. (Look for an exceptionally deep ravine to your left just a little before you begin your descent.)
It's pretty easy for me to relate to that line. Is it the fact that I was raised in a pastor's family, being uprooted and transferred every three to five years, allowing me enough time to get fully adjusted to a new home just in time to move again? Is it because I have a traveling spirit and can't stay in one place too long without feeling the need to go somewhere else? Is it because I've spent significant amounts of time in other countries, and would like to consider myself one of those so-called "global citizens"? I guess it's all of the above. Having parents who live in another country (or this fall, when between the four members of our family, we were on three separate continents) definitely helps the feeling of not truly having a home.
The brew pub is a re-purposed grocery store and poultry shop and the marriage between new and vintage is done right. It's pretty easy to see how this place could have been a hopping place to grab a beer back in Cleveland's heyday but yet still feels new and in the right place. I love that this is right across the street fro McNulty's Bier Markt and down the street from GLBC. I'm hopeful for another beer stop to make Ohio City a destination for craft beer (if it isn't already). Ohio City seems to be going through a Renaissance, much like Over-the-Rhine in Cincinnati. What is old is new again.
The first thing to do is to find a sunny area which you can turn over to crops. Think what you’d like to grow and decide how much space you will need. If you’re short on space I suggest you go for things which costs a lot to buy or which aren’t readily available in your local shops. Or go for food which tastes so much better when it’s picked really fresh – sweetcorn or strawberries for example.
The fact that you have detected any "Jewish interests" on my part indicates, yet again, that you are indulging in irrational thinking. Basically, I'm an evil Jew with Jew interests because... I fail to be sufficiently genocidally anti-Semitic.So Unamused's point is that he isn't a jew. If he hates you it's only because you're an indulgent, irrational hater of jews. His bugaboo about "jew"-hate has nothing to do with him. It's all your fault.
As for the song in my head, there was nothing romantic or broken to inspired it, it simply was there, bouncing off the rubber walls in my mind. And then I came down Clinton Av, spotted a giant arrow illuminated by marquee light bulbs and the song became real apropos.
For whatever reason, this offhand comment prompted the formation of a whole new shit-shooting firing squad and sparked a discussion with profound ramifications for gym class, the core curriculum, and those still hoping for global revolution.
My worry is that once the Likudniks begin to realize Obama may not be defeated by the GOP at home, the current Israeli government would launch a war without warning to create a crisis to humiliate the president, rally end-times evangelicals to vote, send oil prices soaring, and force the US president to coopt a war he does not want and does not yet believe is necessary. If that helps the GOP nominee, so much the better. Every GOP candidate is now committed to the most extreme positions of the Likudnik Israeli right - and are to the bellicose right of most Israelis.
-THURSDAY-
2 :: I saw this invitation done by Melissa over at I Still Love You a long time ago. I'm 99% sure I shared it on the blog almost two years ago. I just thought the illustration was so much fun. I combined that idea with the illustrated flash card invites I'd seen on a couple of alphabet party posts.
Later that night, Whitman picked his wife up at work and drove her back to their little house at 906 Jewell Street (between South First and South Lamar). After Kathy went to bed he went to his mother’s place, The Penthouse building at 1212 Guadalupe, Apartment 505, and sometime after midnight on Monday, August 1st, somehow rendered her unconscious, before stabbing her to death in the heart and shooting her in the head. He left a note on her door asking that she not be disturbed, as she’d worked late and needed to sleep, and forged her signature. He then went home and stabbed his sleeping wife to death five times with a Bowie knife. Supposedly Whitman killed his wife and mother to spare them the shame of his future crimes.
But then, if you lived in the 19th century, you would have called it the Adrian Van Sinderen house, which is how it is still referred to in architectural guide books. Van Sinderen was one of the respectable Dutch folks that lived in early Brooklyn and had the grand house built. But the name Adrian Van Sinderen became associated with scandal later in the century, through no fault of the old man's.
Gene Hackman (Mississippi Burning)
A piece like the one Abrams wrote depends for its success in garnering headlines — which it did — by assuming no one will bother to get into the weeds and do the homework. Usually a safe assumption when dealing with the mainstream media, particularly a mainstream media that, as one with Establishment Republicans, hates Newt Gingrich.
When the path you were on doesn’t fit anymore, and the path you are about to embark isn’t quite clear yet, there is the space between. And yes, for those of you keeping score, Dave Matthews is playing in my head right now. I fully understand that the path I was on no longer fits me, but the familiarity of it is still very alluring, mostly because fear of the unknown can be paralyzing at times. That’s where the faith and trust come in. I need to believe, and live out, a belief that I am not only in the protection of God, but His care. And the real key for me today is the caring part.
All you need are fresh ingredients and some patience.
2. I struggle in knowing how to discipline Jane. She is unreponsive to all conventional forms of discipline. I've started reading The Connected Child and hope that it offers me insight in how to lead my daughter.
But my particular girls’ trip is more awesome (awesomely better?) than anybody else’s because I go with my childhood friends. And my childhood friends happen to have daughters who are childhood friends — and we bring our daughters on our annual trip. So we’re a group of BFF mothers with a group of BFF daughters, all having the time of our lives together every single summer.
Rain it was a' falling
For years, Evan Roberts yearned to preach the gospel. One day in 1904 while he was in prayer, God revealed to him that He was going to send a revival to Wales.
Adapted from a recipe found in the bread box recipes of Laura Sherwood
-I used Bob's Red Mill certified gluten-free rolled oats because that is what I had in the house, BUT I this the cooking oats may even work better. They both will work so use what you got.
President Obama stated earlier in the day that we all need to be living by the Golden Rule. Think before acting and ask ourselves if we would like someone to hurt us the way we hurt others when we bully them. Many times these abusers do not think and believe what they are doing is wrong. As a result, they put a spin on problems and situations to make themselves look good and others look bad.
WEDNESDAY MAY 5 2010 10 AM
Now Alex, in keeping with the modern era, isn’t your old type of garden variety celebrity. These days you wouldn’t find the likes of Katie Price splashing the cash on very expensive rounds of drinks. Whether they are just too tight or simply do it behind closed doors, I know not. No, the most modern of celebrities, is of course, the “City whizzkid”.
He explains that Hannah will be able to get a new laptop, when she can buy one for herself. I would advise her not to do so until she is able to move out of his home, because I would bet a lot of money that he would not hesitate to brutally murder that one as well, any time he got that angry at her again.
Mother please put down your gowns, my milk is green and brown,
So you want to try something on? Yeah, pay for shipping (and return shipping when it doesn't fit or is just weird)!
they store their tools, their forgotten belongings, and maybe their
Today I'm posting a little mixed media collage piece, of a sweet 'Pointy-Eared Dog'. This is a 4"x4" artist panel (from Ampersand, of course) I used some Golden Acrylic paint and gel medium, along with some vintage papers I had lying around...and there you go-ART! It's not scratchbord, but I did do some scratching texture into the background paint before it dried. I top-coated with a matte Golden Gel Medium to protect it.
Liquid—1 cup or 1/2 pt.
The Romney campaign responds with this statement from press secretary Andrea Saul: “It’s unfortunate that President Obama would prefer to use what was a good day for all Americans as a cheap political ploy. President Obama’s feckless foreign policy has emboldened our adversaries, weakened our allies, and threatens to break faith with our military. While the Obama administration has naively stated that ‘the war on terror is over,’ Gov. Romney has always understood we need a comprehensive plan to deal with the myriad of threats America faces.”
Here's another product from Sula's 2012 Spring Playfully Pretty collection. In this post I'll show you their Natural Eye Crayons, in shades From Across The Room and Tempt Me. I liked how smooth these went on, and the colors are pretty too. They have a nice sheen to them and go on more on the sheer side, but still give you a pretty wash of color.
This is my commandment: love one another as I love you.
curly, winding, intertwininig with the end result that is far behind it
When I was a windy boy and a bit
Millionaires Shortbread. My first thought was that I couldn't afford to make something with that name ... but it turns out they're just made with the usual suspects that I always have on hand. Butter, Sugar, Chocolate, and so forth. They're made with a simple shortbread dough, with homemade caramel Dulce De Leche on top of it, and then another layer of bittersweet chocolate on top of that. Sounded like something I could get into.
Third, it was a new experience for me to see some pupils actually reading from their own copies of Wasted while I was reading from it - their faces were a picture of excitement, even though they'd already read that bit!
she released some new Digi's this past week and I have been playing like crazy!
But the road is so rugged and rough.
Our ability to come together to stop or limit damage to the world’s environment will be perhaps the greatest test of how far we can act as a world community. No-one should under-estimate the imagination that will be required, nor the scientific effort, nor the unprecedented co-operation we shall have to show. We shall need statesmanship of a rare order…
vintage Chico's velvet robe-ebay
I need His mercy when I lose my patience and speak harsher than I should.
Pai had been in a finance role as Chief Financial Officer of Infosys since 1994, and later took responsibility for the critical functions of human resources and education. He is also a well-known public face and has been part of various committees such as the Kelkar committee for reforming direct taxes and is currently on the SEBI board
It is not at the two points closest and farthest from the center of the galaxy where this shift happens, but rather at two points nine hundred years removed from each of them.
Our Licensed Technicians use ODORLESS products that are applied with modern effective equipment. All of the materials used in the living area of your home meet or exceed state and local regulatory requirements.
from Catch the Bug
"I'm George Smith, the Chief Starfleet Evaluator." he says coldly, "Please take me to a room where I may conduct the one-to-one meetings. I shall want to talk with all your senior staff, beginning with you, Captain Picard."
Nov. 23: Theatre @Times Union Center, Albany, NY
Mixed Nuts. Or with GreekSpoon Desserts
Then, night before last, I heard a trap snap. Chris said to just go to sleep...
dreaming aloud;
With a vaguely disgruntled glance, the man retorted, “Aubergine sounds much more elegant.”
Narrator (Off) Hello Bill. Hello Ben.
You can hike in the forest, walk along the beach, sleep under the stars. You can watch the sun "sink into the ocean, like an old man at a spa", to quote a friend. You don't have to suffer in hideous traffic jams, or spend your days interacting with dozens of people who may never know (or care to know) your name. You can leave your car un-locked, sleep with your doors and windows open. Owls sing you lullabies, little birds wake you up in the morning, everyone pretty much knows your name (though I seem to go by "Toby's wife" to many.)
Blizzard of '77--Nada Surf
Then my other little sister and I went online to research psoriasis, which is what we think this might be. Much to my middle sister's dismay, the most helpful things she could do for her skin were dietary changes...the usual, no sugar, white bready things, junk food, fried food, processed food, and then add more raw foods. So both of us are in for a very different year of eating. I have it easy compared to her. I can just switch what I eat and suffer a little by not eating the rich food I love. She has all these dietary complications from having a tracheotomy and her gall bladder removed and lord knows what else they did to her insides while she was in intensive care for 9 months. I am pretty sure some of that has caused this inflammation and skin thing. But she can't eat so many foods already I hated to make that list for her that was going to cut out most of the things she can prepare easily herself.
1-3 cups of cooked meat, medium dice
The far-Leftist newspaper Klassekampen (“The Class Struggle”) also receives tens of millions every single year in press support. This press support is supposed to ensure “diversity” in the mass media, but in reality it supports a diversity of left-wing views. There are practically no conservative media outlets in Norway.
mountain ridge.
An idol of Goddess Lakshmi sits outside in the sun, leaning against the wall of what appears to be the site of an older temple dismantled in favour of a new one built adjacent. I expect there’d be another idol inside the temple, or merely a stone picked up from the field and worshipped symbolically as Lakshmi. Yes, stones.
My husband and I went to the Old City to get some dinner one night on a weekend. We return to see there is card in the driver’s side window. At first I wasn’t sure what is was all about until I flipped it over. Really, you can’t be serious!
It's been a while since I've posted because I haven't really felt like I had anything much to say. The normal goings on of the Spaz family haven't stopped - we've had karate, and horses, and girl scouts, and family get-togethers, and camping trips, and melt downs, and messes, and all of it. I just haven't felt like reporting everything.
Green Peas – 1/4 cup
According to the Los Angeles Times, Perry signed an anti-abortion pledge this past summer, which includes advocacy of appointing “pro-life” judges. The goal is to overturn Roe v. Wade, the federal “firewall” standing in the way of right wingers using their religious beliefs to “abort” a woman’s right to choose.
My favourite thing about the bag is the Violet colour which contrasts so well against the orange leather piping, it also has a lovely bright yellow lining inside. Since it's made out of Canvas rather than leather, it's less versatile on rainier days and I do dread getting it dirty. However it does mean that I'll take it out as often as I can before the rain decides to visit!
without a SENTIMENT! OMG! I still think I need to go add it.... LOL
"In the case of Kaylee Dedrick, the NYPD said the use of force was justified given the protest and because pepper-spraying obviated the need to use batons. Batons can lead to permanent injuries while pepper-spraying normally only causes temporary impairment. For these reasons, the Occupy Wall Street assault charges will likely not be brought"
So there you have my K word – KNICKERS!
Just a smile,
R6-7- Sc in each
Following is an excerpt from an unpublished manuscript entitled “The Acid Years” by author Merril Mushroom, describing her experiences at the 1st International Psychedelic Exposition. One can only imagine what New York’s weatlhy country club set thought when they first saw the yellow and saffron-clad Hare Krsnas amidst all the hippies. Merril Mushroom’s narrative about the Expo makes it easy to imagine what it was like for the devotees who attended this event.
To lose against QPR, Blackburn and Wigan, yet be able to put five past Chelsea and Tottenham (and beat City) points to a distinct lack of concentration, character and respect for the opposition.
Softball, one of my main summer pastimes, was something that became such a part of my existence that I can hardly separate myself from it. When we were young, it meant practicing at the small complex up by the old school building that was never used anymore. Traveling to other towns, memorizing faces that we'd eventually pair with names, that were unspoken acquaintances simply by the fact that we knew who they were because we saw them so often. There was the excitement over the novelty treats at the various concession stands. In high school, we had games nearly every single day. It meant that my sister and I got to spend our days sleeping in and watching movies in our dim, air-conditioned living room, then suiting up in our jerseys and knee-high socks, heading out into the heat of the afternoon to either head to our high school diamond or pile into a yellow school bus to visit one of the other area schools.
The idiot was not amused.
& it's soup; then there's no place at the table
As far as sewing projects go, this one is pretty basic. If you are a beginner, this would be a great first project! I made a few changes to the pattern though.
“After all, that’s discrimination they were urging impressionable people to engage in, which is unacceptable.”
My Take: I really liked this book. The above description says that is written for teens but I think women of all ages would like it (after all I am almost 50). I really found myself liking the main characters Maya and Jen. I thought that they showed that there are legimate ways to handle life that doesn't involve what the secular world would do. They also prove that you can have fun and still be a Christian!
If you find yourself well short of whatever goal you've set yourself by day 5, don't beat yourself up over it. Always keep in mind that it's OK to fail, to fall short. You're not negotiating a Middle East peace treaty. You're not trying to develop a cure for AIDS. You're doing a completely frivolous, spurious writing contest where victory is the exclusive province of lunatics. You've then imposed on top of that an even more spurious target to put you in a crowd with lunatics even the lunatics think are lunatics.
"BEAT HIS ASS!!!"
Other than that, and a few first-time kinks, the event was a lot of fun. Not only was it NOT in a parking lot, but it wasn’t saturated with Budweiser and Busch displays run by skinny girls in tube tops. There were plenty of craft breweries representing their art. There was shade to stand in, grass and chairs to sit on, and even live music off to the side. Some of the small breweries even had their actual staff (and brew masters) pouring the beer and talking about it like it was something they knew about.
Scabies is an infrequent cause of hand eczema. It is characterized by initial development of solitary vesicles or inflammatory vesicopapules in the web spaces. From there, eczematous changes can spread onto the dorsal surface of the hands and fingers. The diagnosis is based on this distribution pattern, evidence of contagion, recovery of the mite, and the presence of typical lesions at other body sites.
Right now, I cannot believe we are still sitting outside in shirtsleeves; the glow over the hills lights up the skyline, a magnificent silhouette. Tomorrow maybe we'll walk on the hills, or drive over them into Ledbury (another favourite spot). Saturday there's a farmer's market, and new caravans to see (we don't want or need a new one). I plan to work on my map-trail journal if I have time, and then Sunday ... not sure yet. I'm just not used to having so much spare time. It is almost dark, pinpricks of light emerge along the hills; a robin sings in a thorn tree. Acquaintances from the Caravan Writers' Guild have just arrived, and Raymond suggests we force down the bottle of cheap Cava that has been chilling in the fridge. Good idea, for it's too dark now to see the keyboard. Tomorrow is another day.
There it’s regarded as a wonder herb.
I love ALL of my children! Wouldn't trade them for the world! Most days, KIDDING!!! They ARE my world!! My ENTIRE life LITERALLY revolves around them!!! I am so extremely grateful for the blessings they bring into our family and into our home! I feel really blessed that all three of them got chosen to be in the "active" group of this ASU Autism study! Shoot, just last weekend alone they walked away from their blood draws with a total of $200 worth of Target gift cards! They were $50 each! Jack got 2 cause he had to go back the second day:)!!!! And spent every last dime...and then some ;) Then we went to Crackers for breakfast and you shoulda seen Jacks face when they brought out his ginormous plate of choc chip pancakes!! And he ate nearly all three pancakes! And if you've ever been there, they are not small! Not in the least little bit!! Matt and I shared an item and still had left overs! Holy sidetrack, Batman!! I got caught up in the talking about that food glorious food!! I was saying...I really am so thankful for our bad days. I am. Because our GOOD days FAR out weigh the BAD!!!
Hammerstein actually encouraged the audience to throw vegetables at them, explaining to the girls that the other acts, jealous, had hired them to do that. The Cherries were sold out in New York for ten weeks, rescuing Hammerstein’s other theatre the Olympia, from bankruptcy. They then embarked on a highly successful national tour.
- Pass the award on to 10 other versatile bloggers and let them know you did.
I apologize for the tense changes, but I felt they made for a better story. And sorry if it came off a little “Magical Negro”-ish. That’s not the aim of the story. The aim of the story is to show that I am living, breathing, proof that The Derp is full of shit. When was the last time this fuckface was even around a black person who doesn’t have Stockholm Syndrome?
Happy Birthday Blake! I love you shug, forever and a day!
No, don’t look for it. It doesn’t really exist. I’m just pointing out that this place is practically falling apart without me.
The living room and dining room are filled with treasured items that we've purchased or inherited. These silver (they need a nice cleaning but salt water and silver do NOT mix! and I have to admit I kind of like this look) candelabras were a wedding gift to my Great Aunt Frances back in the 1920's.
Stamp: Signature Greetings
I hate to say this but it is obvious that the state of the anime community here has definitely became moe oriented. People are buying merchandises like moe dolls and figurine than dvds with actual contents. People are more interested with the latest niche moe trend and series than the next landmark series to hit the mainstream. People are more interesting with the glamorous side of seiyuu and singers than the real production staff behind it. People are getting into anime now with K-on rather than Eden of the East.
Kanpai!
"But it’s his laughter that’s the best. It feels clean and pure, with no hidden malice or cruelty—just joy. I haven’t heard laughter like that in such a long time. It makes me want to laugh with him, to find the world beautiful."
talented folk have been up too. I'm so excited I'm doing
Do you honestly think that this is gonna last?
You never asked.
There's also the question of what kinds of publishers and agents use the site--if they use it at all. The more professional and high-profile sites may draw at least some reputable people--but display sites can also be a magnet for bottom feeders.
I'm not sure that I would have done as a player. An earlier party had a similar bad battle at this same spot with a cleric losing his hand too. I think only one party ever thought to rope themselves together (and that after losing someone over the side) even though traveling around the rim of this sheer, rail-less cliff face. There is no real set plan for if they are attacked by stirge which they know live in abundance in the Maw. Oh well, I hope they can come back from defeat feeling more hungry rather than giving up. I'll try to give them some tips now that I've reflected on Friday's session.
Many cabin owners that live out of the action-especially the solana beach vacation home of Walt Disney World Resort. In addition to the mission beach vacation home as you might think, you can stroll along boardwalk-style streets or see a classic car show at Old Town, grab a bite to eat out for all of them, the first 5 Gigabyte.
Maybe one day even things like fishing nets will be intelligent (equipped with computer sensors), these could be used to catch the last few remaining fish – Or – maybe they could be used to ensure that only fish in abundance are caught?
I think this is one of the most difficult things for writers, especially new writers – taking a hatchet to your work. It’s far easier just to tweak and twiddle than be really aggressive about it. Of course, those who know all say “don’t be afraid to take a knife to your work” but it’s easier said than done, after all, these words, the story they produce are your babies. Hours and months of writing went into creating them and now here you go shredding them.
MMF13 Carl Linnaeus
I like going to Epicurious because there's a large collection of recipes and they're usually good (from Condé Nast magazines), and sometimes cooking instructions are easier in English for me.
Consent was given immediately by Captain Bouchardon, and pen, ink, paper, and envelopes were given to her.
Traffic research still cannot fully predict under which conditions a “traffic jam” (as opposed to heavy, but smoothly flowing traffic) may suddenly occur. It has been found that individual incidents (such as accidents or even a single car braking heavily in a previously smooth flow) may cause ripple effects (a cascading failure) which then spread out and create a sustained traffic jam when, otherwise, normal flow might have continued for some time longer.
Governments rule by a mixture of guilt and fear.
You might think that was my most embarrassing moment, but sadly it was not since there were no witnesses.
The Rock Star right handed relievers are Steve Reed and TBD?
Feeling lost, alienated? Can’t figure “it” out? Can’t even define what “it” is? Plodding through your days, your life in the middle of your own existential fugue state? Want 90 minutes of relief? Then you need to sit your but right down, spend the best $6 you’ve spent on a movie in a long while and watch Jenna Fischer’s (The Office) film The Giant Mechanical Man recently shown at the Tribeca Film Festival and available on iTunes and Amazon on-demand.
In brief, the movie SKIN is based on the ‘true’ story of a coloured child called, Sandra Laing, who was born in the 1950s to white parents. At the age of ten, Sandra is rejected by her white society. The film follows Sandra’s thirty-year journey from rejection to acceptance, betrayal to reconciliation, as she struggles to define her place in a changing world - and triumphs against all odds.
It looks like the secrets that the quarry has been hiding will be reveled in episodes four and five on Saturday 24 April and Saturday 1 May, which sees the return of the Weeping Angels and Professor River Song!
In this odd semi-tropical winter, today is the third time I've had to shake heavy, wet snow off the young apple trees so their branches wouldn't break under the weight. But that is nothing comparing to what I had to do after my husband brought the dogs back from their walk. Wolfie and Lexi, the German Shepherds, came in bright-eyed and exhilarated by the cold. But Bisou, low to the ground and with five-inch, orange-gold "feathers" on her forelegs, collected so much snow that she came into the house hung with snow balls like a Chrismas tree.
Cuts to housing and homelessness support abandon Wales' most needy to an uncertain and harsh winter. Cuts to the Food Standards Agency just weeks after over a dozen cases of E. coli were traced to a Cardiff restaurant seem wilfully ignorant or even contemptuous.
Roads into the centre were sealed off but vehicles are now coming back into the city. Police helicopters are hovering overhead and explosives experts have gone to investigate the scene. People were initially told to stay in buildings but are now returning to the streets.
my voice has been gone for the past 8 months, i feel. not literally. but in my soul. it has been a season of surviving. learning. clinging to Jesus. And today these lyrics are on a continual play in my itunes.
The Students’ Voice: Conversations with Students in Online Courses
-you must purchase one of the above coach packs.
Anyway, there's one thing that I did eventually fulfill for my To-do list which is to learn Korean Language! Have been checking on a few schools and finally decided on one. Have not done the registration yet but more or less confirming myself for their Jan's intake :) Apart from that, I'm pretty proud of Baby Kwok as he is getting himself comfortable with school finally. However, he seems to lost some weight after going to school. Sigh.... When will my Baby Kwok be Chubby Kwok? So thus, my 2012 MUST-DO list will be to plump up my Baby Kwok and his Papa (Prince Charming), making both of them very healthy and chubby :)
I felt pretty sick at this point, but It was such a good feeling because when contractions hit I just laid my head in my pillow and zoned out completely. That is an amazing experience.
1 joke
all his will-power, or he would run away.
Chief judge Hunter - the former wife of rocker Rod Stewart - hit back, saying she was 16 herself when first scouted as the "Tip Top" girl.
Your book “NATO’s Secret Army” inspired film director Emmanuel Amaro on the creation of an excellent documentary lasting 52 minutes. Your book has to do with both Russia and Western Europe. Has your book been published in Russian yet?
03. Wot's... Uh The Deal?
And told me who you are
“This is an important tradition, Sigourney. I need you to follow it.”
Recently, a friend & I were talking about a friend who's a new mom & how like most new moms, she no longer has time for make-up, haircuts, or new clothes & has been wearing the same Old Navy cardigan for about two years now. This new mom was feeling bad about herself because a lot of blogger new moms appear to have zero physical or financial changes post-baby. One in particular seems to have magically maintained her petite, size 2 physique & is frequently publishing posts of herself sitting in trendy restaurants, professionally made up, styled by Kate Spade & professionally photographed.
But Gingrich did not need data or factual evidence to bolster his claims. Rather, as the (basically sympathetic) Sheldon Alberts correctly analyzed, the speech was part of a “broader ‘politics of grievance’ strategy that Gingrich is executing — at the moment — better than his rivals.”
"Do you ever listen to anything but the sound of your own voice??"
Wednesday-I woke up at 4:45 in the morning so I had time to do a 30 minute cardio circuit with my exercise bands!!! And trust me, I did not want to get up the early but I needed to start my drive by 6 am, so it was really my only option.
Shorter title? "I'm going to go play in traffic now."
Sara suffered with Ankylosins Spondylitis {AS}. A disease that kept her physically home-bound, yet in our world daily. A lot of us who blog about our faith and life knew her very well... her story and what He was doing with her life.
you wait in a line to get a ticket stating the time you can actually enter the HPW.
2 oranges, peel left on, sliced
SIDENOTE: Another thing I should probably explain is my obsession with botanicals & plants in general. I've always loved them, and as a little girl, I had flower presses & enjoyed collecting pretty things to press. When I was a little older (maybe around 12 or 13) I got very into researching herbs & flowers & plants. I collected (still do ;) books on them & the various medicinal uses for plants along with the folklore & & legends that surround them. I actually have an "Herb journal" where I've collected all of the different information from various sources about the herbs I had access to complete with my own photos. (Yes, I'm weird, I know this.) Remember my zit cure, here? (pic below)
I'm a sucker for a good sunrise photo and this was what my camera captured. It made me feel like, for just that moment, all was well with the world and it made me breathe a little deeper.
BEST SHORT STORY
The other presentation was very different; it was a modern day paraphrase of the book of Ecclesiastes, found in the Old Testament part of the Bible. The first chapter was read to blues guitar background, it was so good! This intern is a Hebrew scholar who recently finished seminary. It was a treat to learn from him in a way that just doesn’t get shared in casual conversation around the supper table! His paraphrase is found here, and he asks that if you use it you offer a donation to a charity he mentions in the link. (He has crafted an adult study guide for Ecclesiastes in the past 7 months – a pretty big endeavour for an intern project!) Ecclesiastes is a book that asks big questions about life, like: What is the point? What does it all mean? If it’s all a breath or a puff of smoke, isn’t it all meaningless? What is success anyway? The answers offered are ones we inherently know deep within ourselves; God is the author of meaning. Enjoying the celebrations and relationships that shape our lives is the point. The thing is that we can’t help but get caught up in not believing or pushing against what we know in our deepest selves. Generation after generation tries to believe that success is something that it isn’t. That wealth and/or comfort are the point. Generation after generation tries to oust God from his place of sovereignty and replace him with our own version of what we want the good life to be, what we think things should be like. We try to be more important than we are, we see the big picture and try to pretend its not there. We see our finiteness and rail against it – then we are too tired, hurt, discouraged to engage again, we are disheartened and don’t bother caring anymore.
A few weeks ago someone mentioned that Christianity is only the first testament of the Bible. I didn’t say anything because I didn’t feel led to but I certainly wondered what this person was talking about. About a minute later the same lady said to me, “I assume you only read the new testament as well.” I responded, “Nope. I read the old and new.” The woman and everyone else at the table stopped talking and looked at me. Then she asked,”Well why?” So then I said, “It is never a good idea to only read half of a book.” She nodded her head and that was the end of the conversation. Apparently that is a common misconception but that was the first time I had heard of it. As much as I have camped out in libraries and books stores, not once had I ever heard of someone reading only half of a book. That only shows you that there is something special about the Bible. There is life in the Bible—-why else would it be suggested that individuals skip over parts? I told someone a few months ago, “You can’t study Adam and not study Jesus. You can’t study the fall and not study the resurrection.” We must be logical, don’t allow ignorance to skew the perception of our God.
Tonight I’m not so worried about. It’s 3 friends who all know each other and have worked with each other before on other projects. Tomorrow night is a different story! I’ve managed to receive permission to film at a Christchurch gig venue that started up after the earthquakes demolished most of the city. It’s an awesome intimate space that my friend Rachael plays at frequently (Rachael just happens to play the singer in my film that plays at the gig venue… what are the chances ;P ) but this shoot will (hopefully) involve about 80 extras! Why so many? Well, yet again I’ve decided to be super stupid and shoot one of the scenes at the gig venue as a single shot – a single shot that travels around the entire space… requiring a room full of extras! My fingers are cross, ever so tightly, that enough people turn up for the shoot – otherwise will have to rethink the awesome plan for the shot.
"Laura tagight me about tampons. She also explained how to get pregnant and how not to. She taught me more about sex than anyone. More than my mother. More than my doctor. Certainly more than my husband."
Paola sent the Dazzlers way too many things to include on one card... yes! I do have lots of leftovers! There were images, sentiments, quotes, butterflies, flowers, beads, belt buckles, ribbon, etc., etc. It was such a fun assortment! THANK YOU, PAOLA!!! You and Judy did a fabulous job with this month's duel!
Another person wrote, “Dream on SARS! Where will you get our phone numbers anyways? And if you do get hold of us, exactly how will you make us face consequences?”
A few days ago, mum and me did the the rounds of Sikanderpur, an urban village in Gurgaon that has a concentration of building material stores, especially hardware, electricals, lighting and all sorts of other knick knacks. In the NCR, urban villages are the default location for all things messy. Except for the few villages like Hauz Khas and Shahpur Jat and perhaps parts Khirki and Lado Sarai, that have become gentrified and accommodate eclectic tastes in art and food, many urban villages consist of a winding maze of streets crowded with miscellaneous goods that service the zoned, usually higher income, residential and commercial areas in the vicinity. Often, some of these markets, like Sikanderpur in Gurgaon and Kotla Mubarakpur in Delhi, specialize in certain types of goods and serve a larger urban area.
The Oscar-winning surprise hit Slumdog Millionaire was directed by a Brit, sure, but it was shot and set in Mumbai, India — and with its exuberant score and its tense plotting, it turned many Americans on to the flash and dazzle of Bollywood-style movies.
Welcome to TNBBC's very first bookish video mini-series!
ps: a huge thank you to Victoria & Marie Claire at Company.
Since then we’ve had some really positive comments about our work from three of the UK’s most prominent names in wildlife television.
$0.75 off Pillsbury Grands! Biscuits
sounds of a lone wolf
And stoop and build ’em up with worn-out tools;
If you are happy to write books to commission, rather than coming up with the ideas yourself first, you can contact commissioning editors of relevant lists and introduce yourself, explaining what you write. This only works for some types of books. Don't approach an editor at Faber saying you'd like to write some literary novels and would they get in touch, please, when they need some written? That doesn't happen. But if you want to write reading-scheme-type fiction for early readers, or books on cat care, or travel guides, you can approach a commissioning editor, with examples of your previous relevant publications, and ask if they have any openings in their list. Expect to be told 'No'. That's the default answer. You just might get lucky. Then they may say 'we're commissioning short stories with a scientific content supporting key stage 1 science' or some such. And then you decide if you can do it and want to do it.
III. How to Hime-fy your body, soul, and mind
We “jump on the children”, “don’t come when they call”,
In the last few days I have been reminded about God's love for me, and what it means to be a good father. Of course, wanting to be like the ultimate Father, we, fathers have shoes that we will never be able to fill. We can, however, take every day occurrences and use them as opportunities to show what God reveals.
No lectures from me.
The U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals rejected the appeal twice — in January of this year by a three-judge panel, and then again by the full court earlier this month. The judges who affirmed Pineda-Moreno’s conviction did so without comment.
"Good," he said. Then he shivered, said, "Can I get to Jones?"
Designer Spotlights - Bridal & Evening Wear
Rating : 4/5
The basic box was from Ikea, and the (very cheap) fan and hose came from Homebase Newbury (I’ve just visited the UK), and the power cable came from Bau Haus. In total, I think this has cost me less than £40. For the record, the hose is held onto the back of the fan with a bright yellow hair band.
Imagine that.
Jessica Sutton of JS Graphic Design, (www.jessicasutton.com/daucuscarota) formerly a web designer of Fresh, is piping hot as a solo act! She will speak with us about why one should and should NOT blog or become a blogger. She is keenly interested in Fashion, Culture and all things in between.
Hannah Schaefer
It's sometimes hard to listen to tribute albums, because you can't help but compare the remake to the original, all the while thinking "that's not how it goes!" But this record turned out better than I thought. I don't mean to go all Pitchfork on you, but I think that Buddy Holly's songs were so elemental--just bare sketches of songs, ready for any embellishment--that lots of other people can actually do them well, too. There are a few irritating songs on the record (Paul McCartney--WTF was that about, sir?) but there are also some great ones (The Black Keys and, surprisingly enough, Fiona Apple).
This site will stay up, but it's 100% mirrored at the above URL. Please change your bookmarks and RSS feeds-- though the Feedburner feed I use will transfer quite easily.
First of all, a million heartfelt thank-yous to everyone who voted for me in round 1! I woke up at 5 am the morning the results were posted and then laid in my bed, my heart pounding, trying to tell myself to go back to sleep, trying to think about anything but Gallery Idol. But finally, after about 45 minutes, I couldn't take it anymore, so I crept downstairs and opened my computer. Went to the Paper Crafts blog, started the long scroll down, and then! Yay!!! I swear if I could hug each and every one of you, I would.
. . . . the danger of not sending reporters on trips with the president; how ABC has had to lay off 400 people.
I have friends who create “sensory trays” and knit. They make up games and create dioramas. I am not crafty or creative. In the first grade, Sister Donna Marie held my coloring up as an example to the class about how not to color. In the fifth grade, Sister Bernadin (these nuns were tough) gave me a D. On a drawing. Of a tree. The only creative things I do are writing witty Facebook statuses (from Saturday – ”when I go out in public in sweatpants, I always wear my NU Law sweatshirt so people know that I can apply myself when necessary”) and changing the lyrics of songs to be absurd (“Our God is greater. Awesome at soccer. God you are faster and cooler and smarter”) or otherwise borderline vulgar (example omitted). Neither of those talents will be helpful in parenting.
So why call out the walk-in shower and freestanding tub - I’m sure you know what I think already. L-O-V-E…
“And then the wife will ask why *Babs can’t go to private school and *Tabs can’t go to Europe, and I’ll say it’s because of deadbeats who WASTE MY TIME by having me come give estimates for work they never intend to hire me to do!”
The added extra bonus about working out in the Dacha is that I am now part of the garden as well as the house. I notice the bird life and the subtle changes in weather and light. I watch the squirrels hurrying about in the apple tree outside the Dacha door, or hear them run across the roof. I can hear the flocks of bright green wild parakeets too that shriek and flutter through the suburban gardens.
This isn't a purely religious issue, but an issue which affects every member of society. Accepting homosexuality as an equal alternative to natural living, is to condemn the victims of this illness to suffer with no chance of help. Homosexuality can, and should, be cured. Bisexuals such as the Prime Minister, David Cameron, have no right forcing their perversions on society. If we needed any more proof that our rulers do not have our interests at heart, this is it. If they want to wallow in their own filth, let them go to the land they really do love and join in the carnival of decadence enjoyed by the self-Chosen who they worship. It is only a short flight to Tel Aviv. Bon Voyage!
The way that you can tell whether a person is genuine or not is by the fruit they produce. This fruit is speaking of lifestyle. Jesus made the point that you don’t get bad fruit from a good tree, and you don’t get good fruit from a bad tree. Many people say one thing, but their actions speak so loudly that you really can’t hear what they are saying. If you are in doubt about whether a person is genuine or not, or whether you should receive from them and follow their teaching, look at the fruit they are producing.
Learning from scratch
Leo, my bench mate and storyteller, says that he was working as the dispatcher at the town police station that night and that he took the call from the frantic Marshal. The Marshal had only lived in Red River for about 6 months and knew nothing about the events in August 1971 but Leo immediately thought of Mildred Packer when he heard the Marshal describe the blue dress that the woman in his headlights was wearing. Leo remembered back to when Mildred Packer had been buried. The rumor was that she had indeed been buried in the very blue square-dancing dress that she had been wearing when she took her own life.
Anyway, here is a card I made for CAS-ual Friday challenge. I tell you, I cannot wait to start designing for them. Just one more week to go :)
5. Scott Gagner - Rhapsode in Blonde
My favourite review “Real Steel is constructed from two incompatible movies that should never have co-existed: serious science fiction set in a plausible near-future and a gooey, sentimental family drama.” Richard Edwards. This review certainly describes the main problems of the film in that the science fiction of the film which is actually based of a twilight episode doesn’t really work with a damaged family dynamic which gets a bit mushy for my liking.
“It’s hitting us right in the nose,” said Joe Kunches, a scientist for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Boulder, Colo.
The total incidence of sudden death that can be attributed to nothing beyond heart failure is a complete mystery. The young and symptom-free may be the tip of the iceberg.
“Oh please, Bunny. This is no different than when we signed you up for gymnastics, or ballet.”
1/4 cup butter, softened
I was sitting facing the window, and I saw him enter the cafe. It was a cafe right next to a cinema, attached even, I think, and it had a projector screen on one wall, which was playing Lord of The Rings. Hans walked in, and I could not look away. It was one of those kaboom kapow heart stopping moments. We looked at each other. BOOM. Cupid and all that. It was crazy. Frodo and Bilbo and all those dudes were playing with golden rings on the big screen, and I was looking at this guy with a curly ponytail, thinking already that he was indeed, my future husband to be. If I had have read this, or if someone had have told me, I would never have believed it possible. But it was true. And sickeningly obvious, according to the other poor guests at the table.
I dedicate this post about shadow-boxes , what to do with a shadow box frame and nautical decor, and nautical decorations, to my inspiration, Bri with her funny and fab blog Me, you and a wiener.
We have been home for 2 months yesterday! I can't believe how fast the time has gone by. We are all doing really well. Everyone is adapting so well. This month the oldest 2 got to go away for a week to church camp - 1st time! They loved it and everyone else did great at home! We have started swim team. (which is actually almost over!) Summer has been a ball! So blessed to have all the kids at home making A LOT of noise and and having fun together.
Ahhhh....now my mind can go back to sleep! Sweet Dreams everyone!
Thoroughly mix together 2-3 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1/4 tsp cinnamon, 1/4 tsp. nutmeg, a dash of salt, and 1 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract. (You can also add a cup of raisins now, if desired.)
Right now, I think we’re in one of the detox periods where the colon starts to relax and let go of the muck. Or maybe we’re at that point in the sweat lodge experience where you are positive that your entire body is about to burst into flames… but then it doesn’t.
Sun’s in the heavens and a new day’s rising
Ha I didnt even mention anything about the hostel last night. Just when I get there and think I am open to a whole world of internet, the internet that had been denied to me on my previous five visits to that establishment, the free internet I could now use while laughing at those poor bastards who would have to pay a king’s ransom to use ten minutes, I found out the wifi wasn’t free, and worst of all, it was at the same bloody price as the pc internet.
3 mind
Saturday night, we went to one of the restaurants at the resort. We were allowed to bring the bottle with us, so TheGirl carried it into the restaurant. The waitress poured her a glass, but I stuck with beer. We had our meal, eating, drinking, and talking. At one point during the meal, this one couple was seated at the table next to us. The couple consisted of a man and another man. This wasn’t the type of place that you go to on a business dinner, or out with your buddy; they were obviously on a date. The tables in this section were also only about 12″ apart, so if you didn’t whisper, everyone next to you could hear what you were saying. TheGirl thinks they were both married to women and having a gay affair (since they were both wearing wedding rings), but I think she is crazy.
Battles were incredibly fast, and the exploration was rife with many common fun-house dungeon features, including magic pools and trapped treasures. The game almost played like first edition basic/AD&D. Circumstances of many of the fights, such as cramped conditions and difficult terrain meant that most characters only took single actions on their rounds. This and the fact that the characters had only a few spells, skills, or weapons, meant that their main actions were usually straight-forward and quick to resolve. One of the classic hallmarks of low level play, besides character frailty, is limited options, and first level Pathfinder characters are no exception, though they made sure that every character had something worth doing every turn. And just as I hoped, the complete lack of opportunity attacks meant that much less emphasis was made on positioning, which sped up play vastly, and sometimes the miniatures and battle-mat were no more than afterthoughts.
Query: Keep closed unless airborne
Fitting, to say the least. Upon returning to Houston, I moved in with my old friend, Brian. He and I had known each other for years, and got along quite well. He had once been a drummer, but hadn't picked up the sticks in years. He talked to me of his desire to take on a project of some kind, but he just didn't know what. I kept mum on what I was thinking, because the time wasn't right yet. Lynda and Jef kept me company quite a bit, allowing me to become a third wheel on many of their activities. As always, we talked about music, movies and plays. Jef continuously impressed me with his various ideas he had for shows. He had been in charge of the local Rocky Horror cast for a time (something we had in common, as Lynda and I had both met back at the old Bel-Air theater as Rocky Horror cast members), but yearned to expand his scope beyond the shadow-cast concept. Many nights, he would rattle off ideas for staging, costuming, etc for various plays that interested him. He never once expressed that he should direct a show, but I took note.
‘I have even dreamt in very vivid colour for the first time in 25 years so a part of my brain which had gone to sleep has woken up! I feel this is incredibly promising and I’m happy to be contributing to this legacy.’
1/4 cup oat bran
This means, that for the rest of the gig, there's only the right channel. Apart
Call me!
If it isn't running, what type of workout gives you that feeling like you're invincible?
Stewart O'Nan is a master. I don't know what else to say. I can't wait to have this discussion with my group, hoping I'm not a lone voice in the wilderness of appreciation of this low-key, understated talent. I'm already looking forward to his next release, The Odds, A Love Story, coming soon to a library, bookstore, kindle, nook, near you!
Did that sound like I'm living in some sort of personal hell? I'm not. I'm fit and well, and I've been doing all sort of fun stuff that I want to show you when I'm ready. The main problem is that my mind goes blank every time I try to write something personal. And taking photos gives me earache of all things. I think it's because a demanding year at work has worn me out. It's been a satisfying year, though, with interesting projects, but perhaps a little too many at a time. And it doesn't help that age finally caught up with me and I had to start wearing glasses. I'm still not used to it and get terribly tired after a day in front of the computer screen.
Gavin is 13mo and it is just a never-ending battle to figure his ‘schedule’ out. The hardest thing is just not knowing what the hell to do. Seriously, these babies don’t come with a manual and I guess some moms are naturals and maybe their babies are super easy.
Guest: Donna Johnson
If you live in the northern part of the United States or if you don’t get out in the sunshine for at least 15 minutes every day, you should consider a vitamin D supplement. Studies show that about one billion people worldwide are deficient in vitamin D. For digestive health, vitamin D helps build strong teeth, and many studies show that being low on vitamin D may increase your risk of colon cancer. You can get this vitamin into your diet by eating:
Some may have noticed that I am not so active on Twitter lately, and most of the recent posts under the @soulbearing id are the links to new blog posts.
I want to be “lit up” always! I don’t want to be sad. Or angry. I don’t want to be an energy drainer. I want to strengthen and grow with those around me. I want to encourage, not depress.
We decided to go on a walk...
“ I don’t know what I want any more, “Tori said as she started to cry. Tammy sat down next to her and wrapper her arm around Tori’s shoulder. “I just don’t know what to think,” Tori sobbed.
This is about handing choice & diversity to the consumer to grow our market share, not to destroy our beloved cask ale in the UK. It's a about having a diverse show with many facets to take yet more share from the macros.
Talent... some people are just born with it.
But listen to the love song to the lover of my life
Almost every town has a CSA for you to join. Some ask for you to pay for the whole season upfront but others, like mine, allow you to pick and choose which weeks you want. Mine even sends an email out a few days before the box arrives telling you what is in the box so you can decide if you want it that week or not.
“I need help don’t I?” Her speech labored.
But unfortunately, you got totally wet. And you cursed (well not really ’cause you don’t even know how to say any bad word except *bwiset*) the clouds but stopped cursing when you realized how much the rain meant to you. What is your problem, girl?
"They're a visual shock, and good to remind people of the importance of safe sex," said a hospital spokesman.
I last wore this top here with a Desigual skirt. Red is my favourite colour but my friend noted the other day that I don't wear red very much. Looking back at my outfit posts, I see that isn't true. I guess I just don't see my friend very often. I should get her to read my blog.
This week I've been busy making some Valentine letters
Mr. Herbie has informed us that he is a big boy and can get his very own little self in and out of the box, thank you very much.
* Some snow to make things look clean and white and new. Until all the cars roll through it and the dog pees in it, anyway.
The Best Archival Release goes to the massive Warner Bros sixteen-disc, retrospective box-set THE DANNY ELFMAN & TIM BURTON 25TH ANNIVERSARY MUSIC BOX, which was housed in a Zoetrope box and included an exclusive historical book. The winner of Best Archival Re-recording goes to conductor William Stromberg and the Moscow Symphony Orchestra for their re-recording of Bernard Herrmann’s THE BATTLE OF NERETVA and THE NAKED AND THE DEAD. Best Record Label of the Year goes to La-La Land Records, their second win in a row in this category, for such notable 2011 expanded release soundtracks as 1941, SPACE ABOVE AND BEYOND, FAT MAN AND LITTLE BOY, COMMANDO and STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION COLLECTION VOLUME 1.
When the excitement fades of the culture you’ve crossed, when you walk in a fog and your hopes seem lost,
In the face of all this EC chief, chief Tan Sri Aziz Yusof, made the audacious boast that he has the cleanest electoral roll in the world! He and the whole EC was appointed by the Agung to ensure elections are fair and free. They should all resign or be sacked for gross negligence and insult to this royal appointment.
Philippines is tagged as the “freest press in Asia”, an irony for the country is also labeled one of the deadliest place for journalists. Despite the fact that journalists are being slain without due justice, the victims remain helpless.
I cracked my journal open today for the first time since I left Scotland. I told myself it wouldn’t be the one to just put aside processing things and pick life right back up where I had left it.. but of course, proof that I did just that is my little leather bound book that tells the story of the last year of my life.
No of years abroad: 8
(Food was not a factor; we have plenty of places nearby where we like to eat.)
What is so facetious is that some truly believes that alcohol can be such a powerful stimulant resulting in orchestrating a massacre. Now let me explain why this a fallacy; in the summer of summer of 2001 Prince Dipendra of Nepal murdered the entire royal family and the media ran with the story that his drunkenness resulted in the massacre. It was later reporter that Prince Dipendra saw a psychiatrist for his depression, and alcoholism, where he was prescribed antidepressants. Soon after he was prescribed the drugs he began threatening his family–you be the judge, my mind is already made up.
In prison, you get your own personal toilet.
Now it's the start of a new week full of baseball games, soccer practices, music lessons, presidency meetings, and helping where I can with Kandis and John's move. Today I am watching Wayne and Daisy and may venture to my favorite store, Costco, for one of those gross hot dogs that you all know I love. But, stay tuned because I'm sure there will be more Ellis craziness around the corner... there always is!
Your novels all include interesting and well-developed characters. Have you ever based characters on real people?
I have the primer and paint and just need to do. it. I decided to use my paint sprayer for the doors, so that’s most of the work right there. Easy, right? Riiiiiight.
It was definitely a team effort! I hate anything that involves math, so he measured and drew all the squares for me to make them equal and he centered and traced the Razorback - who knew to use a car magnet!
To provide oversight for your independent study, we require you to meet with us to review the PowerPoint and bibliography your have previously sent, as well as the research protocol. Please email us within the next week, some possible times that would allow us to go over these assignments.
A conventional Linear damper is made up from a cylindrical body in which a damper rod slides in and out of (much like a bicycle pump). A valve at the end of the damper rod passes through the inside of the cylinder which is filled damper oil and the oil passing through the vales controls the rate of movement of the damper. Being cylindrical it is easy to machine in a lathe and oil is kept in place with simple circular seals.
I will post my mum's recipe for home made jelly over the weekend, with no sugar other than the whole fruit you choose. We enjoyed rockmelon and passionfruit last night with lots of grass fed mud cream! YUM
L’ANNULATION.
What do my friends really think of me?
More than 50 law enforcement agencies from around San Diego, including Richard J. Donovan Correctional Facility (RJD), attended the second annual San Diego Padres Law Enforcement Appreciation Night. The April 9 game was against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
(A) confused
Sangria.
He Boxes.
It’s worth noting how the report “Ten Thousand Commandments” explains such perversity:
Ah, you've caught me at a rather vulnerable time ;) No matter how hard we try, there will always be chinks in the armor.
For more interesting info see:
Since this IS South Carolina, I would wager all of the people in my radio-discussion had guns of their/our own (two out of three referred to their weaponry). We ain't skeered of guns in these parts. But of course, WE are not the people we are worried about.
Here I am
“I see,” she said, staring at Marlene. “Drayer?” She tapped a well-manicured nail over her lips several times. “I knew a woman once, a long time ago. But, her name wasn’t Drayer. She used a formula much like this one. Does the name Peg Vernon mean anything to you?”
Piper's best friend Chloe is her only outlet from the bleak reality within and without. However, when Piper rebels by secretly opening a mysterious birthday present and getting a tattoo with Chloe, she just exchanges her Global Heating Crisis nightmare for a mythological one.
And this is what the Killer Shih-Tzu thinks of my knitting teeny socks:
At this stage of the game, I know those who’ve chosen to sit out are already out. Of those who remain, I’m sure there will be some who will go on based on the confidence of what they already hold while others will simply bluff their way around hoping not to get caught in their lies. C’est la vie.
Are not pushed
The local food network in my area (and I’m willing to bet in yours, too) is a close-knit community of farmers, chefs, bakers, cheese makers, etc. If you want something and can’t find it, ask around. I was amazed at what I learned once I started asking. Somehow in my mind, I thought that our local food producers would be highly secretive and competitive. While there may be some competition going on out there, the people I have found are pretty straight up. If I want something they don’t have, they don’t try to sell me something else. They tell me who has it. Sometimes they’ll actually walk me down to the other vendor and help me out. Crazy. And lovely.
That suggests that by mid-2013 smartphones will make up 50% of overall mobile phone sales – although the arrival of those low-cost Android phones could speed up the process markedly.
YOJIMBO — WILD AT HEART. The dog with the human arm in his mouth,whom I’ve named “Murdo“, trots out of Kurosawa’s evocation of a no-horse town in 19th century Japan, and into a Texas bank. Actually, since the arm is found in the bank, perhaps we need to posit the existence of a time-traveling hound who scoops up a banker’s forelimb and absconds back to Edo period Japan.
Let's be honest here, none of us feel good all the time do we? I've got nothing to moan about, never do self-pity in public and just like to think a bit about things sometimes! Isn't that what having a vague amount of intelligence and having a conscience is all about?!
There is a similar vein in the approach by Dr. Bob himself in his last major address to AAs:
Now it's time for me to get off the couch and do some good.
If a myth is retold as a dry old story it will die. If it is told because it seems to embody, however remotely, some truth or belief that is important to our society, or simply to us as humans, it will survive. When someone talks about “the Dunkirk spirit” they are treating the event as myth, helping to keep alive a part of an unformulated belief of what it means to be British. “When Pearse summoned Cuchulain to his side/ What stalked through the Post Office?” Same sort of thing.
His blue eyes did pierce her soul
Here’s what I did to recover from the problem:
But other than that course, I’ve done nothing else. The boyfriend and I are just working on piecing together our place and adding the little touches that make it a home. Pictures to come, I’ve finally pulled my camera out of its hiding place and snapped a couple photos.
Her legs are crossed, an' all!
because you never forget that look of pure joy on your child's face.
I tried to find a colour match amongst all my purples but alas, nothing was perfect. China Glaze Urban Night (a jewel toned medium-dark purple) however, kept calling out to me.
North Dallas – near Carrolton – water treatment plant, close to interstate and railroad.
Very elegant and refined phochette with plisse and enriched by a stylish silver chain, top zipper closure, an internal pocket to preserve document and cell phone touch. The simple shape a great overall effect. A lovely evening bag.
Many are now resorting to buying masks, so that they can take part in the peaceful demonstrations without being identified by the dozens of Malaysian Special Branch Officers, who are expected to be monitoring and photographing the rally. Others will undoubtedly be fearful of taking part.
I still do.
In a former life I was once a student of the Martial Arts. As such I was introduced to the ideas of man that most people would consider to be the ultimate perpetual student: Bruce Lee.
JR: What college application advice would you give to grade 11 students who will be going through this process soon?
I like the solitude of the nights that are not lonely. The darkness that is not frightening. The silence that is so live.
Earlier last week rumours emerged that Drake may be leaving Young Money record label to join rivalry Jay- Z’s label Roc Nation. After his boss Lil Wayne tweeted: “Sweetheart dont u know that when u lose me, u lose yourself? I’ll be loyal before I lie and honored before I’m dishonest. – tunechi.”
Javed Akhtar slams Kolaveri Di!
Art on game consoles, art on xbox 360. Its about giving the cold skin of
This is from a new stamp set I got in Manchester the other week and is having it's first outing. I have used my promarkers to colour it.
And for the following another issue is the pleasure one get’s from the contact… The French with their individualistic attitude cannot understand the principle and the pleasure of spending a night along with 200 other people hugging each other. They are used to pay attention to themselves and their very loved ones. The presence of somebody less intimate in a close distance is an issue, even for the average French ‘tangero’. You feel the nervousness, the luck of comfort and also the fact that a French woman will not leave the ‘control’ to anybody so easily, even if it’s in the context of the milonga. It’s very common to see couples that dance all night only with each other, as the ‘social’ perception of the event is weak. On the other hand, for many French tangeras I had the impression that they were dancing together, they were not allowing me to lead them…
I stamped one row of the woodgrain background on my Rustic White cardstock and then used a mask along the bottom of my cardstock to just add a little more of the woodgrain pattern - I didn't want a whole second row.
until a phone call from 400 miles away..........
1/4 cup whole milk, room temp
The title might be a little awkwardly punctuated but it tells you all you need to know about the plot, capturing something of the misplaced enthusiasm of the hapless buccaneer protagonists and the real-life (if humorously re-imagined) historical figures of Charles Darwin and his fellows at the Royal Society, under the patronage of a seemingly psychotic Queen Victoria. Better known recently for his tabloid-busting exploits than his movies, Hugh Grant emerges from semi-retirement to voice the prosaically named Pirate Captain, another in Aardman’s long line of loveable-loser heroes.
What I want most of all is an elliptical machine. I need to kick start my workout program and I think an elliptical is just the thing. Yes I could join a gym, but I feel that having an exercise machine in my house will give me NO EXCUSES for working out. And since I’m an excuse machine when it comes to exercise, I need a fail-proof system. But since elliptical machines aren’t exactly pocket change, I have backup ideas.
The desolation here reminds me of the Kara Kum desert in Turkmenistan, which I crossed in a train exactly 20 years ago, also this season. But I saw no water. There’s still a tiny “crescent” oasis at Mingsha that never dries up. Here it is through the blowing grit:
Now imagine, if you will, that another paramilitary group — rightwing Afrikaners or a military wing of the IFP — threatened to make a province ungovernable. Would the silence be quite as deafening?
Why an accused murderer would have the right to make medical decisions for the person she allegedly murdered Harr does not reveal.
- Each gallon of gas sold in 2010 generated … forty-eight cents … of tax “revenues” for government.By the way, this does not include the tax … on the profits of the oil companies. I’d remind you too that their margins are 8%. How many of you would take hundreds of billions of dollars, explore the deepest, most inhospitable places on the planet, manage to get a well dug a mile below the bottom of the sea, pump it up, transport it, refine it, and be cast as the most obscene villain in the history of capitalism to earn … 8 cents on the dollar of revenue generated?"
She meets a human boy. He’s just as rebellious and misunderstood as Penelope is and the emotional experience brings her fae gifts out. All faeries receive a gift when they come of age. As her gifts develop, she learns how to blend in with her surroundings. She can change the color of her skin, wings and clothes. She learns to help others hide themselves as well. Her gift could be used to protect the Colony, the Queen and her World.
Lately, since I've been leaving the house almost every single day - albeit mainly to buy shoes (Thank you Zeus for Stave Madden), but also to work on all sorts of exciting projects with just a pinch of introducing some honest American English to unsuspecting souls in a (Whoa!) classroom situation (it gets better...) with moi actually in charge (when you say it all together like that the result is quite scary and unpalatable, I know) - I've again been subjected to one of the things I don't particularly miss from my life in Mexico City (Yes I do! I miss it all!), but that very likely accounted for quite a few months out of the couple year span.
Hat Tip to Jordan at Mint Condition for his most excellent Rasmus '78 custom. Jordan makes some really sweet customs that you should definitely check out.
Choreosonic Music Of The New Dance Theatre Of Alwin Nikolais
Go over the boot with your E25. I actually layered E25 a second time over the far right boot because if you look carefully, it's actually a little bit further back/behind her left leg. You can tell this because the edge/tip of her boot is actually higher in the drawn image, making it further back.
He begins to nod slowly, a smile creeping onto the corners of his mouth. He knows i'm right.
Things that made me smile today…..
The ribbon was red satin. The ink colors Old Olive and Real Red.
Never had to go back there because I quit Price Waterhouse a few months later for reasons stemming from this assignment, but not related to the fear I felt that night.
who read my words
Me: because it is so far from the sun it never gets warm, like when the sun warms us here on Earth.
Germany ruled also. It was a bunch of Krauts dressed like Texans doing a hoedown song kinda thing. And I'm a tex-kraut and so it ruled. I like them.
Publish more than once. If I could change one thing about my writing style, it would be to type faster. Okay, I have a day job, too, so there is that. But I do believe that letting your readers know you are in it for the long haul will help you sell more books. Oh, and when you’re just about to release that second gem, give the first one away for free.
Leading Sunni Scholar Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: It Is Prohibited for a Muslim to Vote for the Secession of South Sudan
Chardonnay is arguably the greatest of all white grape varietals, showing its influence in the legendary sparkling wines of Champagne, the great whites ofBurgundy and of course its expression as ’the’ white wine of California. Chardonnay represents over 50% of the planted white grapes in California with nearly 100,000 acres planted. With such a great number of wines made from this grape, it stands to reason that finding wines of immense quality would be hard, but look no further. Today’s selection from Rodde Family Vineyards is a richly delicious wine with plenty of character.
No one else wanted to risk it so I told a somewhat raunchy nun joke. Reagan laughed pretty hard and said, “Wow, you’re really bad.” Then he laughed some more, pointed his finger at me, and said, “I like you.”
If you’re expecting great literature, you’ll be disappointed. If you want a readable tale with an interesting twist on a familiar story, you certainly could do worse than The Last Ringbearer.
That DNA's reach is surely vast.
Louis Vuitton Identical Hockey Acquire will forever become a member called the fashion of the girl friend and are still is wanting provides a now and again, due to value is a century salaries.
And Jesus was saying, “I’ve brought you this new life. This life of love and freedom. This relationship with God that you were always intended to have, that you were created to have. I’m making this possible right now. But you can’t hold onto it with your rituals and rules. If you try you will only find guilt, and shame, and failure, and death. The rituals and rules will fail you. So if you want to keep the old wineskins – the rituals and rules – settle for the old wine of legalism and rituals and rules based relationship as well.
"She better not," I stormed, "Or I will have to set her straight."
2) Use the word appetizers more instead of hors d'oeuvres.
I failed at both.
“This weekend, we will make a party.” Wrong collocation. You will have a party, not make one.
Maybe I am wise beyond my years
Yes kez sirumen - Armenian - I Love You
Or follow the links below to all previous posts on making homemade baby food and purees:
Who could blame Boston Red Sox Pitchers Josh Beckett, Jon Lester, and John Lackey for drinking beer, eating chicken, and playing video games on days when they were not playing. Fortunately, the three were available for comment.
if you would like more help. Happy to do so!
I love the effortless chic that a kimono-inspired print gives to an outfit. My roommate from this past summer (when I subletted in the West Village) owned an authentic kimono robe, and it was so luscious. Too bad you can't wear a house robe outside. (Or can you?)
CD: If there was one thing you could change about yourself what would it be?
Let’s take a look at the morning:
There is much more information in the study - MediaFire is down right now, but I will post a copy of the report later this morning.
Capital Island Wheat Middleton, Wisconsin, Wheat Ale
When it comes to creating a fireplace there are two main areas that need to be considered. The first is choosing an appropriate fire. The second is choosing a mantle to frame the fire and set the tone for the room. Choosing an appropriate fireplace mantle is critical because you want the fire to be the center of the focus, not the actual mantle.
Do you remember the taste of my kiss and is she anything compared to me?
What were your faves last month?
Money spent so far on this challenge: $50.59 + $21.99 = $72.58
Ritchie Blackmore of Deep Purple: "Back in the late Sixties, there were few organists who could play like Jon. We shared the same taste in music. We loved Vanilla Fudge - they were our heroes. They used to play London's Speakeasy and all the hippies used to go there to hang out - Clapton, The Beatles - everybody went there to pose. According to legend, the talk of the town during that period was Jimi Hendrix, but that's not true. It was Vanilla Fudge. They played eight-minute songs, with dynamics. People said, "What the hell's going on here? How come it's not three minutes?" Timmy Bogert, their bassist, was amazing. The whole group was ahead of its time. So, initially we wanted to be a Vanilla Fudge clone."
Enjoying a three day weekend after a long busy work week. Bitter cold came barreling into Georgia on Friday and hung around for Saturday. I wanted a lazy day, so I skipped heading out on Saturday for my weekly shopping. Will have to go by Monday to stay on the plan. Thankfully, this menu plan keeps me with a short grocery list! Plus I planned for leftovers on Tuesday, when I head back into the office.
You might wear your winter gloves to pump gas when the weather is cold. But they are usually bulky, right? Not to mention you've still touched millions of germs with those gloves, and now you're transferring those germs to your wallet, purse, steering wheel, face...
My 4 main prizes go to........pigglet4822, kim.scrapper, classydify and vicki transport! Well done ladies. I will put you all back into the bucket and add the new posts and see what comes out. May I please have addresses so I can mail out your mini's, you can message me on Lil Scrap of Heaven. I will try and get onto your pages and let you know.
Just pain the picture of what happens. Where do we go as a planet, and how long is it going to take us to get there?
These are complex social phenomena. Even the original Tea Parties, which we protests against imports of inexpensive tea (undercutting the prices of tea smuggled in by Americans).
This is such an American tale! The hiding of one’s working class or less-affluent origins; the re-invention, hiding behind a European mantle of sophistication; the (correct) assumption that fellow Americans will be too polite or bamboozled to unmask you.
Remember, LOVE is NOT JUST FOR VALENTINE'S DAY!!!
Series: Riyria Revelations (Book 2)
plum coulee is, put simply, a gorgeous, quiet album. i loved it - it's not glossy, overworked within an inch of its life, or so bland that you'll want to forget it immediately. it can be, at times, though, a hard album to listen to because it's so, so honest and can strike close to home to anyone who has ever struggled with the loss of something (and more importantly, someone) well-loved. but it's also worth the listen, and the dozens of listens after that, because with that loss comes beauty and, afterwards, growth and hope. some highlights:
Airports are funny. You have the people who really know what they’re doing. Then those who seem to have no concept of what it means to travel let alone get in an airplane. Always interesting…
REAL LIFE:
After removing everything out of all the cabinets, which took me about 4 hours.
Or not mine exactly, but that of my business, Fensalir Fiber Art.
And when we’re out in public with others, I want to kiss your face and rub your head and let it fall on my shoulder, and nudge your feet with mine while we talk absently to our guests. I’ll look at you lovingly every once in a great while, and you’ll know I’m always thinking of you – without a single word of reassurance.
Pentheus. His curls tangled around her fingers;hisblood dripped down her arm. The king of Thebes had been rent to pieces by his drunken mother. It hurt to be rent to pieces; He knew that very well. But maybe it hurt worse to have done the rending, to have slain your kin all unawares. Pentheus, deceased, would drink of Lethe’s waters and forget. The memory was Agave’s alone.
Shoot out.
Speaking of economic impact, I spent Wednesday the 15th making an economic impact myself, returning thousands of dollars to people in Appleton, Manitowoc, and Sheboygan. In Appleton, I was even joined by former Treasurer Jack Voight, who reiterated his support for keeping both the LGIP and College Saving Program in the State Treasurer’s Office, a question that will be decided in the upcoming budget vote.
The first, expressed in the words ‘good and bad’, stems from warrior-aristocrats identifying themselves and everything strong, beautiful, and happy as ‘good’ and the lower classes, everything ugly, weak, and miserable, as ‘bad’. After Nietzsche this has come to be called ‘master-morality’. The second, expressed in the words ‘good and evil‘, stems from priests and ‘the herd’ identifying those first warrior-aristocrats, and everything destructive, overpowering, and happy as ‘evil’, and then by contrast identifying themselves, and everything weak, humble, patient, and passive as ‘good’. This has come to be called ‘slave-morality’.
It’s all playing in my head
And he says, "Well, my dear, what you don't seem to understand is--"
They roamed the complex in a small pack, while my husband and I stayed home and watched Tim Burton's very excellent "Corpse Bride", pausing every few minutes to shell-out, shell-out, for the witches were indeed out.
doable, right?
I love how the bright green grass is a backdrop to the colors of the furnishings.
And I will begin by talking about some of the books that I read on my trip.
Refusing to let people pass.
In the 14 years we've lived in this house, the lake has frozen this way--thick and smooth enough for ice skating--only twice. So this was a real treat. We were skiing all over it last winter, but the deep freeze didn't come until after the snow last year, so it was never fit for skating.
No matter how much Relda talked during the day, when the day was over, it was time to put Relda away. And Relda always lay limp, requiring my attention to be anything more than lifeless. In order for Relda to work, I had to spend my life trying to give life to something that could never have it.
Catch phrases, a single word that stands out in your mind, a paragraph, the first line of a poem or maybe the last line of a story. An idea. A good title for a novel. The name for a character. Whatever you write is not important at this point. Just get your thoughts down on paper. In so doing, you clear away the clutter that’s keeping you from seeing the beauty underneath. And quite possibly, you will go back to the four pages in your files and pull a note from the stack of thoughts that will work great in a new creation.
A visit to the New Farmers group was on the agenda for one of the groups. By the positive interactions and relationship building that we noticed between the farmers and extension staff, you would imagine that they have been with COMACO for years. Everyone was engaged in the process and asked many questions. They thanked us profusely for our help and encouragement through song and dance. Of course, the children were always a delight!
3. Tribal Theme (Flute by Kunwar Rajendra Singh)
In fact, let’s do that… I’ve got too much to bore you with in one go so answers-on-a-postcard, what would you like to hear about?
I’m at that point again–I have absolutely no idea what is happening in my life right now. This whole week for me has just kind of been…off. I’ve had legit migraines every day from the pollen in the air, I’ve had very little sleep (and yet, I am sitting in the Housing Office writing this at 2:30 in the morning, why?), I have no clue what’s going on in my classes, and it’s that certain time of month, so everything that comes with that is here, too. It’s just been a weird week for me; I’m feeling a bit faint-hearted.
This week I read a devotional about "being the aroma of Christ". 2 Cor 2:15 is one of my favourite passages. I want to be a pleasing fragrance to God and I'm supposed to bring that fragrance to the world. There are certain ways I must carry myself if I want to glorify God in that way. It sound like it's all about me....it's sooo not. But then again, maybe it is. Why do I get so discouraged when other members of the body of Christ behave badly and ungracious. It makes me wonder why I feel like I have to try so hard, and other people get to walk around just being...themselves? Everyone experiences disappointment, unmet expectations, and times when life just doesn't go their way. Everyone needs compassion. And none of us have a monopoly on Grace or Mercy. A friend reminded me the other day that "cynicism is from the devil". Blunt.
1a) 3X5 TGU (5 UB each arm) – heaviest possible, rest 45 sec.
He has been learning that Christmas decorations are for looking not touching (such a disappointment!) and that Christmas presents are supposed to stay wrapped under the tree. It is a "BIG No! No! No!" to unwrap presents.
sigh back out
Gopal, in his implacable quest to show Aarti that he’s a better man than Raghav, becomes embroiled in a shady nexus of MLAs and educators.
Nov 23 - Dec 4 (Nightly 7:30pm, Matinees Sat 4:00pm, No perfs Sun, Mon)
This week's Guest Designer is Geri Freeman and I am a big fan of her work and excited to see what she creates!! And our Monthly Guest Designer is Pattie Goldman who I am also a big fan of! So go check out their fabulous work and while your visiting be sure and check out the other Shabby DT"s creations too :-)
Even if the long straight demands a low drag set up, teams will be forced to trade aerodynamic efficiency for cooling. Plus the new infield section will see the cars at lower speed for a longer period, which will reduce airflow through the radiators, especially coming not long after the long main straight with the engine flat out. Already in testing we have seen teams running outsized cooling outlets in preparation for the heat of Bahrain. These bodywork sets may be put away after this race and brought out again in Malaysia, after running in Australia with a more efficient set of bodywork. Typically teams will run larger outlets, cut back ‘coke bottle’ bodywork and supplementary panels around the sidepod front and cockpit to gain every possible square centimeter of cooling exit area.
If you have read this far and still not secured your booking, get over to The Local Taphouse blog and book a spot. Before the Beer Nerds hook all the good tables. Links to the page as well as to The Crafty Pint’s Events diary for Good Beer Week are popped below.
To make it worse, M.'s mom is remodeling her home and her husband is in Pakistan - we had to bite our tongue to keep from offering to send some "cock" home for her.
I check Sahana’s email randomly. She knows she shouldn’t have any expectations of privacy in social media till she is 18. Her journal, on the other hand, is her own, private sanctity, safe from her mother’s prying eyes. I respect her privacy in her journal completely. To be truthful, I am afraid to look at it, since she vents her anger in her journal and that anger, frustration is generally directed at me!
Mint Chocolate Cheesecake Swirl: 7
I’m gonna learn me some words,
Option #2: Some shade of turquoise. The kitchen walls are currently aqua, but I am considering painting them the same colour as the living room (grey-tan), or white. In which case, a deep turquoise like the mudroom wall colour would be lovely.
When we’re on vacation I like to sleep in (in truth I like to sleep in any morning, but that’s another story), but sometimes getting up in the early morning hours is worth the effort.
And he's being interviewed because last week marked the twentieth anniversary
Grand Slam Champion: Suzy La Follette
Coal black fur relax;
Cute solar lights perfectly spaced by my sweetie adds a lil light for our evening talks on the porch. We also put in two flower beds with stacked stone and added a few porch plants in cute thrifted containers.
My goal is to have fun with it, and try not to take myself too seriously. When I go through it the second time, I'll at least have a good laugh while I'm trying to clean up the mess.
He doesn’t listen to me
Today’s energies indicate a change in lifestyle, a move or travel.
It’s been a while since I last struggling to manually install PHP into my Windows XP machine, and when I moved to Windows Vista, I’m no longer using PHP. Microsoft have released a Web Platform Installer (Web PI) for a while already, it’s a great installer, bundled with lots of tools that we can download and install within the installer itself, and have IIS configure it for us!
I never saw Long again. His body was later recovered. I am afraid that the few seconds elapsing between our going, meant the difference between being sucked into the deck below, as I believe he was, or pushed out by the backwash. I was pushed out and then sucked down.
And shadows of night.
You’re anointed to do good works. Therefore, in the
Well, the axe fell.
Although my smile was more like a grimace, I thanked the Sage, prayed his reply was the truth and walked ahead.
In his mind there’s no doubt
No, what I realized instead is that people prefer political satire (because we don’t have an overdose of that yet).
"We lowered a microphone, designed to detect the sounds of plate movements down the shaft. But instead of plate movements we heard a human voice screaming in pain! At first we thought the sound was coming from our own equipment."
I covere the box and mini with fabric that I got from my moms stash I just thought it was so pretty. Hope you like my project, so glad you stopped by.
Motörhead lineup; although there were brief periods during
If you come across a recipe that calls for self-rising flour, and you don't keep that in your pantry, here is a quick and easy way to make a substitute.
At 7.00 a.m. on Sunday morning (29 April), bulldozers and workers of the JNF entered el Araqib to prepare the land for planting. The workers told el Araqib residents that “we are the law and we are above the law”. According to Haia Noah of the Negev Coexistence Forum for Civil Equality, “in hindsight this was a promo for the upcoming horror show”.
I’ve been a Police officer for many years. Almost half of my life actually. I dont ask for pity i love doing it. Ive excluded myself from trips away with friends because there was a risk of inapropriate behaviour. Ive turned down business opportunities because 2nd incomes arent allowed. I’ve sat at the other end of an interview table from the predatory paedophile who was explaining to me how his 11yr old victim enjoyed what he did to her. I have cut the rope from round a teenagers neck and lifted his dead body down. I broke the news to his mother myself.
details below (provided by Tish James' office)
3. Jammed Up Blues
In addition to Atlantis and Ursa Minor, Rising Tide’s year-round offerings include Daymark, an American pale ale with locally grown rye, and Ishmael, a American copper ale influenced by German altbier traditions.
Then next year on January 24th, we will read the card and add to it.
This card is inspired by Jennifer Mcguire who works with Tim Holtz and Hero Arts amongst others and whose work I admire. I love her work with stamps and inks, especially the effects achieved with clear or white embossing powder.
To make the cake, it required two boxes of mix, oil, egg whites and water as directed. I bought special "food paste" at Williams and Sonoma to get the vibrant colors. Keep in mind if you use these to color your food: a little red goes a looooong way. My red and orange look pretty similar, but that's not for lack of yellow in the orange!
- Elaina
I am a marketer. You are my delight.
both shoulders could limit what he’s capable of doing at the next level. A four-year starter at Florida State, Datko started 40 games
Debbie. Hell rhymes with that? Heavy?
Aaron Horwitz, 24, New York, N.Y.
The irony is that these crappy parents wouldn't tolerate either; in fact, if you read my examples above they won't even tolerate such behavior from their children, let alone from another adult. I
The USDLA 2012 Conference app gives you instant access to updates, the program, conference evaluation, maps, and sponsors. Stay tuned into what’s happening at USDLA. Big thanks to Desire2Learn for the App / Dr. Rhonda Blackburn (Desire2Learn) and Kimberly Airasian (USDLA) for making this happen.
I added another 5+ minutes of meditation at the end of the day, making an almost 15 total.
* When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us. ~ Helen Keller
Dana Tatar
This one comes from Meher Pudumjee- the chairperson of Thermax Ltd.
1. Place the chicken, butter, soup, and onion in a slow cooker, and fill with enough water to cover.
He got up and looked out at the crescent moon and the stars high over Tanieux, so white, so far, always the same; they would still be there when the Germans were here; they would still be there all his life. They were still there over Rotterdam, too. It didn’t make any difference.
No time to post recipes, but may I remind you of one from long ago, slow roast tomatoes? If you´re in a place, like Madrid, where it is possible to come back from the market with arms groaning under the weight of ripe beautiful tomatoes bought for a few coins, you have to make it.
1 1/2 lbs sprouts, ends trimmed and yellow leaves removed (be sure to cut off the nubby end, this is the bitter part of a brussels sprout)
May the power of Your mercy,
In order to make this petition more impactful, would you please also add your designation and institutional affiliation in brackets after your name (since there is no specific column for these details in the i-petitions format)?
I think it matters for one reason, and it's a reason that returns in some ways to my objection to the way SF fans and some critics blindly accept the term "mimetic fiction" for not-SF. In general, SF is formally conservative, traditional, unadventurous, and old-fashioned. There are lots of reasons for this, and a good argument can and has been made that such a form is necessary in a fiction devoted to the suspension of disbelief, the presentation of the impossible or unlikely or speculative in such a way that it is accepted and perceived as real. To undermine the reality effect of SF is, in that view, to undermine SF's whole reason for being.
And yet I bought a metric boatload of them to have in stock to sell to you because BLACK HIDDEN SKULL TOE SOCKS!!!!
And there was given to each of them a white robe; and they were told that they should rest for a little while longer, until the number of their fellow servants and their brethren (and sisters) who were to be killed even as they had been, would be completed also.
Five urban tornados in four years in the fall no less. Can we all start agreeing climate change and global warming is real?
Pros: Keeps focus on the theme and colors on your wedding. Easy to show pics, rather than use words to explain wedding details. It can go with you, so you can always pull it to ensure everything you select is in line with your vision.
In Reading, Berks, I decided to lay the ghosts of the ill-fated bloggers' Christmas lunch of 2007 to rest in more ways than one and took my bereaved Aunt Flossie to lunch at the London Street Brasserie in Reading, where we had a delightful meal overlooking the river that runs through the Oracle (one of the best designed shopping & leisure centres in England I might venture).
We are looking for YOU to help us blog! FLC is seeking guest bloggers to contribute their thoughts/perceptions of the 2012 Florida Literacy Conference to this blog. If you are interested in writing before, during or after conference, complete the 2012 Conference Blogger Information Form and submit it to Annie Schmidt, schmidta@floridaliteracy.org, by Friday, April 27.
Fire Twirling & Fire Play
we could stop acting
The main issue in these cases is whether the emergency which on December 16, 1941 prompted the approval of Commonwealth Act No. 671, delegating extraordinary powers to the President, still existed at the time the Chief Executive exercised those powers by promulgating the executive orders whose validity is now challenged.
Oh yeah, we cheated and snagged a new light fixture too. The kids picked it. I decided since I was already the last on the birch tree train, I may as well be the last on the IKEA Maskros light train as well...
Still another reason lawmakers didn't need to know about the bailouts was the fact that it just would have been too goshdarn complex:
This local saying has a medieval origin and refers to supposedly apocalyptic extremes of weather, particularly at the height of summer, when Gormire – a permanent and supposedly bottomless pond in Happy Valley – will dry up and hay will be harvested on it. Another medieval legend retold is of a mythical White Mare said to have sprung off Roulston Scar carrying a young maiden whose body was never found. It is interesting to note that the crop formation here is located below a 19thCentury white horse carved into Whitestone Cliff on Roulston Scar.
Dislikes: Anything cold, celery, and when Emma steals his toys.
Are we gonna close the menopause deal, making you obsolete???
GARROSH: Hey, listen, Miley or whatever the fuck your name is, did you hear about the fires in Ashenvale?
Challenges I am entering with this card :
I always practice loving kindness to all living creatures.
"The creative act is to let down the net of human imagination into the ocean of chaos on which we are suspended and then to attempt to bring out of it ideas."
Her face is back to normality- as in: eyes and smile are no longer shifted and higher on one side
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has kindly rejected “Forgetting Sarah Marshall” star Jason Segel. Why?
Now for the fun part, how does Lifetime’s 7 Days of Sex rate? It wasn’t the worst thing I’ve ever watched on TV, but I also probably won’t watch it again unless I’m in bed waiting to fall asleep and there’s nothing else on. Therefore, I give it the NIV rating (Nyquil Induced Viewing): Perfect for that late night television sleep timer.
This shallow pastiche of Black Liberation Theology, coupled with the suggestion that it offers political guidance to the 21st century left, misunderstands religion and politics at many levels.
The rules remain the same--the more you post a comment during the month, the more chances you have to win. Good Luck (as us Irish would say!)
Welcome: Pre-cut unfinished "Welcome" sign
Camera (optional)
And in solitude, alone
A yellow car pulls up in a puff.
The bad news -- Coco. She's a beast. I cradled sick Lucien on one side of the aisle while Alex wrestled an ornery Coco on the other. She was perfect for most of the flight, right up until it came time to fasten her seat belt and stow her electronic devices for landing. Then girlfriend went batshit crazy. She didn't have to change position in the slightest, but something about clicking that seat belt turned her from happy smiley life is good to "DEATH IS UPON ME AND IMA FIGHT IT AND FIGHT IT HARD."
ADAM WILSON (Flatscreen)
As promised earlier in the week, here are a few more birthday weekend snaps...
Right. I probably should have mentioned the eating bit. But I won’t, if you don’t mind, mention that bit. Yeah, I know, that puts a whole different complexion on everything. Especially since Alice is vegetarian. Is this all starting to ring bells now? Let me remind you:
“Our rights and freedom as women should not depend on the patriarchal structures used to oppress us. Perhaps it’s time to take things into our own hands.”
So when I found out it was one of the ladies from works birthday last week I had to make a card for her using Edward as she is just as much a fan as myself, sometimes I wonder if more so than me. She was so excited when I gave it to her and I even made him sparkle in the sun. Unfortunately you are unable to see this in the photo but it did work, I just used Tattered Angels Pearl Glimmermist and a small paint brush instead of spraying.
Phreak: Hah! Just kidding. I don’t mind Jatt. He’s okay and everyone deserves a second chance.
Imogen: Yes. I'm clicking on the computer and I need you to leave. I need my privacy.
Obama’s demolition derby will mostly likely to shift to environmental and energy regulation, specifically the imposition of “greenhouse gas” emission limits through EPA regulation. The impact this would have on energy costs would be catastrophic. Affordable energy and economic recovery are closely linked.
I've been feeling really under the weather lately. Lethargic and nauseous. And today I've got a headache that just won't end. So, I decided to do a quick post to ease back into blogging. I made these last month: Boozy Apple Pecan Cinnamon Rolls. These things are huge and delicious. They are loosely based off of my mom's recipe, but I added apples and booze and lessened the sugar/margarine quantities.
We register that the activists’ dishonesty is on par with their willingness to harass and threaten.
As you can see, I was not too scientific about water amounts, I'll adjust the thicknesses later. I'm still amazed what a totally smooth lump-free mix the thing does. I wish they'd existed back in my college days! It did get a bit hot, but hey, it's under guarantee. I wonder how many I'll get replaced in the coming year?
I have wrestled so much these past few weeks with overeating. I haven't fully
It's been so much fun.
It seems a bit silly, and definitely belated, but the thing I am super excited about right now is vegetables. Prepping for Lori's visit, I picked up a selection of veggies, chopped them up, and put them in this slick 7-compartment Tupperware serving platter we have. Well, folks, I am LOVING having on-demand veggies in the fridge. It takes very little time to restock the compartments, and then I can munch veggies whenever I want, and quickly and easily add them to whatever I'm cooking. It's hardly an original idea, but it is very cool.
Sure enough, come baby day, David was born healthy, lively, perfectly devoid of any complications and beautiful as can be. Not one thing could be found wrong with him. He was perfect head to toe and truly
So, hats off to The Kernel Brewery for producing another excellent beer. I can't wait to open the bottles of their Black IPA which I've got sitting. I hear that, too, is rather special.
Edie Marlena - Night Time Is Right Time
Armed with our bead mats, beads and a meter and a half of elastic, we began to weave.
When asked if he has had a word with Ranbir about the issue, Anurag said, “Yes I have. But I have also shot several TV commercials with Ranbir in the past and I know that he sticks to the brief that he is given, without asking any questions. I spoke to him a couple of days back and he simply smiled. When Ranbir smiles usko sab maaf hai.”
In addition, engineers are essential in technological innovation and in 2010, the manufacturing sector employed 35.2% of all engineers, compared with only 8.9% of all workers.
I fell in love with this record years ago, the Beatles album covers were like bits of furniture to me, but I’d never noticed that not only are these 2 photographs actually different so is the one from the Red Album:
A fast paced read with a mix of romance, humour, crime and mystery. The characters were easy to love and some I switched alliances as the story drove on.
attachment if you have one, or continue with the hand mixer, and beat the cream cheese with the remaining 1 cup confectioners’ sugar on medium speed until the cream cheese is satiny smooth. Beat in the peanut butter, 1/4 cup of the chopped peanuts, and the milk.
like locust.
For more information:
I'm going to enlarge it a bit, and I am going to do the applique on the borders.
Funny thing. When I was growing up in Michigan I like most African American kids back in those days enjoyed going to my grandparents’ house. I have fond memories of my grandparents, even when they were punishing me. It still makes me laugh. One of the fondest memories that I have was of a Black Jesus that they had in their living room. The interesting thing about this was that their living room ceiling and walls were a dark blue with glitter on it. It looked like a starry cave. Then up against the wall, was the Black Christ on velvet. It ties back in to Kamitic-Kongo idea of the spirit realm (See the Maa Aankh), which I mentioned in the post about the Wiz.
when he asked for a loaf of bread,
the GOP hates Obama?
"Do you want to lay down or something? It freaks me out when you sleep sitting up."
Dan Merchant, the Christian guy who made this great flick (click on the pic above to see a preview), interviewed people from all angles of Christianity. He also presented insights from those who oppose Christianity. Near the end of the video he highlights the heathen (as she calls herself) radio host of KINK in Portland, Oregon. She went on a trip with World Vision to Africa and, as a result, managed to raise support from 800 of her unChristian listeners to sponsor children through that Christian organization. So, Christians and non-Christians can work together to provide for the poor. But, should we?
And by bad, I mean AWESOME. What a great game.
“Apparently,” he returned. But she could tell he was hiding something. His eyes darted away from her quickly. But she could not for the life of her even begin to imagine what that could be.
You can either buy split mustard seeds or make your own by coarsely grinding/ pounding black mustard seeds with a pestle and mortar, but not too fine.
CHARMING MAN I – THE DRIVE BY CHARMER
Author: E.B. Walters
So then, one day, I was talking with my friend Tara. She was carrying this fabulous bag and I thought, "Gosh, I love that! I wish it were a diaper bag." So I told her, "Gosh, I love that! I wish it were a diaper bag!" (haha) and she said, "It is! I just use it as a purse because it's gorge, big and very high quality!"
By the way, I’m certainly not a person who judges a book by its cover but this one is exceptional. The picture is haunting but the cover has this weird rubbery / velvety texture that just felt sexy in my hands. Well, and a little creepy too. But mostly sexy.
Ooi said he was taken aback by Mohamed Razali’s Friday report as the branch committee member had actually accompanied him to lodge a police report on May 8 against the Utusan Malaysia’s front page report, headlined Kristian Agama Rasmi?
“You need to tell us about your vision. We still do not know who is attacking Jack and why. We still do not know what Mara is attempting to gain from the murders.”
Among her needs, however, we really have the hardest time thinking about her two-minute TALENT. Dhang, infairness, has the height and the bearing of a real beauty queen (See the picture?). In fact, it has been one of the reasons why we decided to plead for her application. She really fits to be there. (Yeah, Go Dhang! Woohoo! Hehehe!)
As an adult, my husband often enjoys participating in story time. He’s an excellent reader with good inflection and fluid articulation and the kids don’t mind giving me a break every once in a while to let Dad read. Well, one of the series that really drew him in was the Laura series. Kevin fell in love with the Ingalls and Wilder families, but he’s partial to Almanzo, the man Laura ended up marrying. Almanzo, like Kevin, loved big breakfasts. Doughnuts, apple pie, eggs and sausage or bacon, cheese, and, of course, Johnnycakes.
"Get your fingers out of there!"
I know that to change our outer world we have to change our inner world first.
With my mystery of Michael and Maria Dowd Downes and the disappearance of them and the six daughters has gotten interesting. I found them in the 1900 Iowa census living in Sioux City, but just the parents and the chilling thing was that it was listed as parents of six and zero children living. Michael and Maria were about fifteen years apart in age and the Iowa couple fits age wise. Thanks to my cousin to point this couple out.
So then what makes me… Different? Than the typical female?
Those who humble themselves in their prayers;
Replenishment of that food supply depends on a continuous flow of trucks from food processing centers to food distribution centers to warehouses and to grocery stores and restaurants. If urban food supply flow is substantially interrupted for an extended period of time, hunger and mass evacuation, even starvation and anarchy, could result.
Whatever products are being offered by us are of new generation, better alternative products to conventional materials being used and applied so application procedure is more or less same. Even if there is any problem, we are having an extensive pan India network of technocommercial professionals. Only our waterproofing product Duramembrane has a slightly different procedure so we are always there on Site to assist our clients. We also conduct training programmes at regular intervals for our new business partners and applicators.
2. My monthly sales goal is $_______.
Patient: "I can't afford it."
It takes a long time to effect purity of mind. Severe austerity is needed. As a result of purification of the mind, it becomes more sensitive, gets easily disturbed by a sound or shock and feels any pressure acutely. An aspirant must be sensitive and yet have the body and nerves completely under his control. The greater the sensitiveness becomes, the more difficult is the task; there are many noises which pass unheeded by an ordinary person, but which are torture to one who is very sensitive. You must do your best to get over this over sensitiveness.
The 25th of January is Burns Night – when Scotland, and many around the world of Scottish descent, celebrate the birth of the nation’s poet, Robert Burns.
Amid allegations this week, of current investigations ongoing into the vast number of Slander and Police harassment matters Padlo “Pablo” Roopnarine has brought against his opponents before the courts of Trinidad and Tobago.
The path of fate that led us by
Let’s pause for a moment and do some quick math.
Now, it does not get any sweeter then these marabou bunny ears! Any micro bunny ear with marabou becomes a MEDIUM micro bunny ear.
You know technically,
Actually, it’s more a matter of changing the focal point, away from the child (being blinded by flashbulbs for our curiosity) to something just (un)interesting.
Poised like mud grenades, their blunt heads farting.
And not long ago, rushing and distracted before work, I showed up at my downtown, professional office in these:
*And fasting! Don't forget the fasting!
Check out these brand new products available at SCACD
i have stopped this blog. but i decided not to delete it. for mere entertainment of future visitors...
I'm going to really revise the scripts for each action in a lot more detail.
Wayne, who now lives 100 miles from the Canadian Boarder in a town called Glens-falls, went to a free folk concert at a local library. The duet, a man and a woman, were very good Wayne said, and like most folk concerts, they performed a set where they wanted audience participation. In back of Wayne and his wife sat a woman who not only sang along but did so in near perfect alto harmony. At one point, Wayne said that even the folk singers themselves complimented the lady who turned out to be a local opera diva who really liked this particular folk duo and followed them from gig to gig. Meanwhile, at the other end of the table, Ed Sherretta was explaining that a fecal transplant was a procedure for people who have a hard time breaking down food in their stomachs and needed some help to be regular. When Dave asked Ed where he had heard of this, Ed replied that he read it in The Press.
that's what a cyborg is, using technology as an extension of ourselves."
Today, I am happy. I am happy because my dad's new home dialysis therapy is going very well and he's more sprightly than I've seen him in years. I'm happy because Katana Book #2 is going well. I'm happy because before the end of this month Shadows on the Moon will be released in the U.S. in a beautiful hardcover and in my very first audiobook, and ALSO in Poland, which is my very first non-English language edition.
“Suspended? What for?”
Man is insignificant in comparison to the callous workings of nature, and an indifferent cosmos, thus the noble man understands it as a virtue to hold as his primary concern his own importance, since no other agent will do it for him. Nietzsche states that the egoism of the noble man does not prevent him from recognizing and giving due privilege to individuals he deems as his equals, thus it is not so much about claiming superiority over all others, as it is rejecting all implications of one’s personal inferiority: “Its egoism hinders it: quite generally it does not like to look “up”—but either ahead, horizontally and slowly, or down: it knows itself to be at a height.”[2]
On Sunday 11 December there was a news clip of our Event in KBC´s (Kenya Broadcasting Corporation) news at 1 pm and news flashes at 7 pm and 9 pm. The news flash was re-run on Monday morning. A perfect ending to the DigiTales project and a great beginning to our new project in development.
You don't want your sample pages to be:
I've also got a review up today over at Stephen Parrish's. And a very nice review it is. In fact, I'm so pleased with it, I'm thinking about having it tattooed on my forehead. Or at the very least, this pull quote, "The prose is stylish, sensitive, and refined, the result of a natural born poet tackling a larger canvas. Plum Blossoms demands a second reading merely for the beauty of its language. The promise of the author's next novel, and writing career, is high."
But it didn’t. So, to recap, Charlie Sheen goes nuts and Ashton Kutcher joins the show.
ambivalence hidden behind serenity’s repose.
I have really made it my mission to help people in any way that i can…. it is weird how although ive started my little community outreach program called Coleman Cares Winter Project.. i now feel compelled to do even more.
"The Name of the Rose" by Umberto Eco
And I gasped
one speck
But joy--the market works! Into this void stepped people of vision who foresaw a world of flavorful beer. You know the rest of the story--the craft beer revolution has produced a rennassiance in brewing and resulted in a number of breweries rivaling pre-prohibition numbers (1400, giver or take).
But why can't Kershaw be another Koufax? His last name starts with K. He's a Dodger. He's a pitcher. He's a tremendous talent. He strikes out a lot of people. He's the ace of the staff. He's won a Cy Young.
Maybe someday I’ll find time to do that thing I love.
Beneath a stormy wave,
And then he did a little. Just for fun.
Lately, I have been studying the role of McGeorge Bundy, the National Security Advisor for JFK and Henry Cabot Lodge, JFK’s insubordinate ambassador to Vietnam who Kennedy was planning to fire on Monday, 11/25/63. It is probable that both McGeorge Bundy and Henry Cabot Lodge were involved some way with the JFK assassination. McGeorge Bundy, astonishingly, was already drafting sharp escalations to JFK’s Vietnam policy NSAM 273 (which JFK would not have approved) on 11/21/63, the night before the 1963 Coup d’Etat! Bundy later ran the Ford Foundation from 1966-1979.
Office Hour: Monday - Friday, 09:30 - 12:00 (Passport Drop-Off), 16:00 - 17:00 (Passport Collection)
14. Michael Nyman - Mozart
You’re sorry
You might be accomplish that extensive inside the cutting down designer’s program and enjoying the markets, on the flip side paying a visit to an outlet move location everyday living in the area — neighbour the town.
But probably you’ve already noticed the most glaring exception from the list, by far the most dangerous individual on the Island. That’s right, it’s–
Flowers happen to be exhibited at the time of one’s ephemeral throughout nearly every traditions end-to-end time, along with their magnitude persists nowadays. At funerals, wakes, memorials, as well as cremation providers, bouquets and vegetation is some sort of very sensitive strategy to memorialise the life span of the deceased, communicate honest empathy to the bereft spouse and children, and provide a significant component of natural beauty in the differently drab environs. Family typically touch upon your art, coloring, and also bouquet connected with fellow feeling blooms, helping guide dialogue and become softer this sadness. The bombardment of blossoms or possibly a peculiarly eye-catching flowered tribute could be valued following the particular burial among the almost all beneficial designs connected with documentation. In the weeks such as the following, blooms, reward containers, along with other expression deliver to the home may also be essential, since close relatives accommodate their own despair. If you would like expressing the understanding to be able to someone but are uncertain what kinds of blossoms as well as different gestures may well better burst the situation, here are some recommendations from authorities that can help.
-#1
The analysis of climate scientists claims the "vast majority" of climate change researchers agree on the issue, and that those who oppose the consensus are "not actually climate researchers or not very productive researchers". So skeptics are lousy scientists, right? Not so fast:
Patients’ bodies develop a tolerance for these drugs–a pattern you see in all drugs legal and illegal–so the dose is increased and the brain is now dependent. Forget about quitting, you are now a slave to the drug and the pharmaceutical company, suicidal and homicidal thoughts may now be on the agenda.
Mike Fuller: 1. Before The Amendment. Every American Can Be Able To Be Candidate Even If Immigrant To The Presidential Election. NO DELAY!!
Once I’ve chosen a subject, the research begins. I read the adult biographies on the subject and study the subject’s work by visiting museums, listening to CDs, watching videos, going to performances. I pay special attention to primary sources – like personal letters, memoirs, photographs, archival newspapers – to ensure accuracy and to find good quotes. I also read background material to get a feel for the historical context – for example, Mexican history and dance history for José! Born to Dance, and Native American tribes and languages for Painting the Wild Frontier. Researching Julia Child was especially fun because I got to read cookbooks and try recipes. I even researched the history of cat food!
We're not at the hilltop yet, but I can feel we are approaching.
Now for the present time, my first thought was that maybe I needed a higher dose of Wellbutrin. Then perhaps I would be able to focus again. I contemplated taking an extra 100 mg pill a day to see what would happen. (Don’t worry, I won’t do that.)
Mellie limped up to him. “Sorry, sir…I mean…umm, what should I call you then?”
One injustice at the news of this death is that he never received the Nobel nod like his two formidable contemporaries from la Generación del Boom, Gabriel García Márquez from Colombia, and Mario Vargas Llosa from Perú, the latter just two years ago. (México’s only Nobel laureate in literature is Octavio Paz, who received the award in 1990.) This oversight, however, doesn’t lessen Fuentes’s importance or even threaten his stature as a giant of letters. He was México’s greatest critic and ambassador.
Earlier in the year (yeah, it’s taken me this long to get around to posting these), A. and I went on a little trip down the Great Ocean Road. Just past Anglesea is an attractive rocky spine of a headland, at low tide surrounded by sandy flats. The rocks themselves have been weathered by salt, wind and water, and are riddled with holes and dimples, full of character.
Since you have forgotten
Piece of foam
AICTE is the governing body for technical education in India and is responsible for certifying and managing technical colleges and institutes. The technology industry and higher education are both becoming increasingly vital to the economy. To carry out its charge of evaluating the curriculum and quality of education for all technical institutes across the country, AICTE needed to have consistent and timely communication with these colleges, some of which are located in the remote districts of the country. Live@edu is the first step in AICTE’s deployment of Microsoft cloud computing for education. AICTE also plans to deploy Microsoft Office 365 for education when it becomes available later this year, providing access to Microsoft Exchange Online e-mail and calendar, Microsoft SharePoint Online, Microsoft Lync Online and Microsoft Office Professional as the technical infrastructure to support member colleges and institutes.
400m Rack Hold Farmers Walk (1/2 bw)
“I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me”
Arguably, the current financial and economic crisis in Ireland will pass, particularly in the context of an international recovery. Public spending can be brought under control, through higher taxes (sooner rather than later), cuts in government spending across the board as well as a (regrettable but necessary) pruning or postponement of much of the capital projects planned for the next five years. There will be much pain but it can be done.
Zeigler's face-off came two weeks after a Queens judge acquitted three cops in Sean Bell's shooting death just hours before his wedding as he and two pals left his bachelor party at a Jamaica strip club.
So if you’re in the Hull area it would be lovely to see you on Saturday (go on, introduce yourself) and you can let me know afterwards how good I am at talking to real people.
protection, and accounting
“The money from the Global Fund is nowhere near what the Reserve Bank has spent on health care for the country,” the information minister said.
our 5th and final day was spent sailing back to Florida!
And we have it within our power to shape our bodies, free of disease and pain, through conscious awareness of the foods we eat; the physical regimens including conventional exercise, yoga, and qi gong that we use to stay flexible; and the spiritual practices with which we enliven the physical frame.
In the lead up to the forthcoming elections, the various party candidates have been carrying out the usual door to door canvassing to obtain the voting public’s favor. It was during such a canvassing opportunity last weekend that MP Tim Loughton and fellow Conservative candidate Andy Barnes knocked on doors in Barfield Park.
Something has been tugging me at heart since long and I am trying to find solutions. Since yesterday morning I had a vague feeling, a mixed emotion of fear and longing but I kept it to myself wondering if it was just another play of the devious mind or something deeper than that, a heartache.
of course, i'll be back later...blogging is going to be like taking smoking breaks today...as needed!
Please click “Follow” next to the title of this post to keep up to date with more info I find.
If we allow hurts to stay hidden, they eventually become toxic and end up doing as much damage to others as we, ourselves, obtained in the initial offense. When we are quick to confess both our sins and our suffering to our Savior, He forgives faults and soothes the sore spaces in our soul. He is never pushy nor invasive; rather He waits patiently for His people to present their pain before Him. As we come, He is quick to comfort and care for our every concern. Again and again, He lovingly washes away the filth, and covers us with His cloak of righteousness, restoring right relationship with Him. He redeems and makes clean, as we, His children, find the courage to come.
Why is it that town officials continue to ignore these pressing matters? It's not a complicated evaluation. Orleans simply cannot afford the overblown sewer system being recommended by Wright-Pierce. Why throw good taxpayer money after the $1 million in engineering fees already spent on this misbegotten plan? It's time to cut losses and move forward in conducting a "bona fide needs assessment" in town. Even spending $150,000.00 on studying alternatives is premature at this stage. Where is the empirical proof of actual need for septic nitrogen remediation in town? Pleasant Bay? Town Cove? Rock Harbor? Namskaket?
Can you pronounce everything?
"Who can produce the fattest, widest, thickest and longest maxi? MUST stretch from tailbone to naval. The ones designated for junior high students must be packaged in a big cardboard box to ensure discrete delivery impossible. Oh, and make sure the sticky part doesn't really stick so the whole bloody mess will slip down the leg while walking. Bonus points for swishy noises that can capture the attention of all 13 year old boys within a 50-yard radius." I remember the day I wrote that.
The current U.S. legal system is anything but impartial and has very little to do with justice. If you separate justice and state, for one thing, it eliminates the ability of the state to prosecute phony, made up crimes, especially so-called crimes with no victims. If the state can’t be party to a case, then there needs to be an actual victim to press charges. That right there would eliminate all the stupid, counterproductive wasted resources and trashed lives that result from the U.S.’s various wars against victimless crimes. No one could be prosecuted for having unorthodox sexual preferences, using unpopular drugs, drinking on Sunday, or smoking in a bar for smokers. Or for evading taxes.
We're a heavy metal band, so it's also going to fucking rock, but I just wanted to give you an introductory flavour of what it is about thematically. In this way I'm giving you enough time to get appropriately excited!
An Optical Poem (US…Oskar Fischinger)
