then waltz through the house.
I have to confess to taking it apart once as I hadn't got the scale quite right but after that it was very straightforward. This will be going into Her Ladyship's room and once I've had a chance to fiddle, I'll be back with pictures as it's pretty much finished.
The way this new civilization keeps the peace is by having “Hunger Games” every year. There are 12 districts, and the civilization is being punished for a rebellion in which a 13 th district was destroyed. Each district picks two volunteers, a boy and a girl, to fight it out in the city. Only one can be a winner.
I will be having a second surgery to remove the rest of my thyroid and, like mentioned above, I don't look forward to the surgery, the pain, the recovery or the no driving for a week...but I CAN do this! This also means I will have to be on thyroid hormone medication forEVER :( I was really hoping (before knowing about cancer) that I was going to get off without having to be on any meds, but I CAN do this! Also, after surgery (not exactly sure how long after) I will be having the radiation iodine treatment (one for now but others will be determined as we go). The 2 weeks of eating a certain way and the 3 day isolation will be hard I'm sure, but I CAN do it! Following these few things, I will have thyroglobulin tests, testing for any further cancer, and ultrasounds (and possibly other tests or scans, I won't know all the details till I talk to my Doc.). This will be something I will always have to keep up on (which I CAN do) and especially since this cancer is slow growing. It can come back after a long time of not having it.
And this is where we get close to what this invidious little six letter word is really all about. It is a political tool, a word with an army of meanings but a single purpose. It is a word which has been used relentlessly in order to achieve a political aim, without the necessity to trouble with obtaining a mandate. It has been used to bully, to harass and intimidate, and most importantly it has been used to suppress any opposition to the greatest demographic change our country has ever experienced, a change imposed upon us, against our will and, on which, we were never allowed to vote.
“You have guys who haven’t played for two years and freshmen who are coming right out of high school, and it just takes some time for everyone to get it together and start playing,” Holland said.
63. Take Me There Carolee Dean
My first book signing happened a few months after I'd given birth to 13 pounds of twins. So beforehand, I went shopping to find a magical dress that would hide the fact that I still looked like I was carrying around an undisclosed child in my stomach.
Level 8: MP Cost: 8, Damage: 280%, Attacks up to 5 enemies.
so well for them
claimed by Israel to carry out a nuclear first strike, should it feel the threat posed by Iran make this necessary, Germany for providing Israel with submarines which could be used as launching platforms for that strike, and the West, more generally, for its hypocrisy regarding the whole subject.
I attended the same seminar ten to fifteen times, because I worked with the organisation, and I learnt something new everytime – because each time I was different, needing different answers and open to hearing something in a different way.
Oh, and proof of birth in the land for which he was a PM, but that's beside the point, isn't it.
That tends not to be a winning campaign platform.
Monday: Driving. Lots and lots of driving :(
Travelling around and in both the ventimiglia italy hotels a cell phone, a package, providing you with a good world travel guide or Italy travel guide or Italy travel guides will tell you that Florence and Venice. No wonder so many honeymooners, including international celebrities head to one of Europe's most disaster-prone countries. The country is one of Rome's great empire in the ventimiglia italy hotels and then Normans took over much of Italy in the ventimiglia italy hotels, these Italy honeymoon destination that is a major European force becoming a member of Nato, Italy is an amphitheatre, and when you take your US cell phone through your home service provider, think twice before you left for Italy, for you may not be using only the service provider generally stipulates a definite effort in exploring the ventimiglia italy hotels and rugged terrain. Lakes, mountains, plants and unique animals are bountiful throughout Italy's parks. Regions where national parks and nearly 500 protected nature preserves that are used for their second homes.
Included in this bargain-Beans (2 packets), Broccoli, Carrots, Cucumbers,Lettuce, Green Pepper, Radish, Cherry and Regular Tomatoes and because this is me and I always have to "pretty" things up--some Calendula seeds.
Johannesburg
Horns: Nambo, Dean Fraser & Chico
so is jen pregnant?
14.-Present Christianity in a pleasant aspect.
Happy weekending to you all!
At the time I wept, realizing that regardless of our own frailties and failings, God can still use those of us who are willing to do His work and are well practiced at hearing His voice...no matter our lack of sparkle in comparison to others.
in the guise of noble guileless precision
Seriously, it was worth it. (For the full recipe, buy his book, “Mexican Kitchen,” as the man deserves every cent of his royalties.) The pasilla chiles had a bitter flavor that tasted almost like ash when I first ground it up into a paste. It had me considering a last-minute pizza delivery order. But it magically took on an amazingly smoky, rich flavor as it cooked and absorbed the flavors of the meat and the broth. Even before I added the honey, it tasted insane—I had been crazy to consider pizza. When I added the honey, my head exploded. It was like Emily Dickinson’s definition of poetry, except it was pork.
I don't think our message got across though...mom just started laughing. Not quite what we were going for. Hmm....maybe I need to recruit Simon as a minon as well. He's a kitty and kitties are pretty evil when it comes to hatching plots...
sleeping on the park benches
(Repeat 4 more times with the same kind of plea.)
All photos by Stephen Rossi Photography, Norwalk, CT
We see some unevenness when we turn our attention to the Introverted judging set. While not uncommon, Introverted Thinking is significantly rarer than all of the other four supporting functions. Speculating quite freely, I would suggest that an Introverted Thinker can detach themselves from communal consensus more easily than their Feeling cohort and willfully refuse to return to it. That makes the types contribution to the community less constant, making its appearance somewhat less often selected. Concerned primarily with conceptual relations, they can be quite critical of communal notions in conflict with their own without being concerned with the community’s response.
2T corn syrup
Sign here
No, this isn't the family cottage in Michigan. It happens to be one of my favorite houses near where we live here in The Netherlands. Daughter Amy says coming home is always the best part of going away. She's right. But there's more...which is what my post is about today at Vision and Verb.
The Secret Prophecy - Herbie Brennan
That I don't know. I read. But I wouldn't call that a resource, per se. I tend to keep a dictionary and a thesaurus open on my desktop while I'm writing, and I use those a lot. Usually because I have a word in mind that is not precisely the word I'm looking for, so I do a lot of cross-checking of definitions for synonyms. Of course, there's always my kids. They give me a lot to write about. Heh
In 1996 and 1997 she appeared in the off-broadway production After-Play.
BUT, and this is another one of those individual aspects of Pathologic which makes me want to scream from the rooftops, if you leave a day’s missions unfinished the game keeps going. You could easily spend a day just stockpiling equipment, but then the survival of the town slips that much further through your fingers.
even with it the light so held it that it shocked us with its goodness straight
#6 Paul Krugman of the New York Times: "At this point I’d guess soaring rates on Italian debt leading to a gigantic bank run, both because of solvency fears about Italian banks given a default and because of fear that Italy will end up leaving the euro. This then leads to emergency bank closing, and once that happens, a decision to drop the euro and install the new lira. Next stop, France."
It is NOT Sugar & Spice & everYthing nice . . .
Lili Taylor (I Shot Andy Warhol)
It was obvious to me that Todd was partnering with God on a higher level than I ever had, so I asked if I could interview him before he left for Romania. Somewhere in the middle of an approximately hour-long conversation, he made a statement that was as daring as it was simple: “I pray and then I obey.”
Thanks to my candid answer, Yoda has given me lots of motivation in the form of pressure. My data collection work, analysis, drafts, presentations etc were all done UNDER PRESSURE. My proposal defence for example, was presented 16 hours before I gave birth to Alva. I work so well under pressure that it has literally become part of my life. Last February, I was diagnosed with hypertension stage 2.
17. Simple Man… My happiest moments have always been the simplest.
a. A fool can ask more questions in ten minutes than ten wise men can answer in a year
Back in the 60's Mayor Ryan was taking his cue from Mayor Richard Lee of New Haven when he demolished and failed to develop the North End.
-Excerpts from Mary Wollstonecraft texts
-Place the ravioli on the prepared baking sheet.
Let the awesomeness begin...
Tahitian Moon
In building a firm foundation for Success, here are a few stones to remember:
The biggies were arguably Brooklyn's Eberhard Faber Pencil Factory complex and Manhattan's Lord & Taylor Building. Others included the Manhattan House on the Upper East Side, 511 and 513 Grand Street in the Lower East Side, Staten Island's Standard Varnish Works Factory and Gillette Tyler Mansion, and The Voelker-Orth Museum, Bird Sanctuary and Victorian Garden in Queens.
This is a bittersweet announcement, but I want to make those of you who couldn’t come to our service last week aware that my husband Josh and I have both enrolled at Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary in South Hamilton, Massachusetts, for the coming fall. This decision was made after a year of prayer and is not something that we have taken lightly. Despite my love for college ministry and my desire to serve the students of Georgetown University for a decade or longer, Josh and I really believe that God is calling us to seminary for the next three or four years. This has been a long process of discerning the Lord’s will and despite the fact that it is a very difficult decision (and one that has revealed a lot about my heart), I am confident that it is the right one.
I set a goal for myself, a yellow painting, I am not satisfied with either of these.
Paul Billy Tinong Mbah s/o Tezock & Grace Mbah
Finally the ideal venue is outlined by the couple. They should marry at a place that will be heavy to them. If this is the case it is going to mean far more to them. It is their day and what they think is what is important.
“Human beings are the only creatures on earth that claim a God and the only living thing that behaves like it hasn’t got one.” – The Rum Diaries
Based on the book Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen.
The bottle’s distinctive label was designed by local artists Jolby (www.JolbyAndFriends.com) Juan Juar-Pig is a surly swine with plenty of attitude. Grab a bottle, admire the guys’ work and see if you can find Juan’s hidden tattoos.
This is normal for me, I have done it the last 5 pregnancies. I just try to remind myself baby knows the best day and labour goes so much better when it happens spontaneously.
Prediction: The Lakers are a much different team and age is beginning to become a factor for them. There is a chance that the Lakers could be on the outside looking in when the playoff teams are decided. Bulls 95 Lakers 83
WHAT IS DARK SPACE???
He goes, "Oh, you should have just asked. I thought you were drying my jeans and socks there by some new method and I was afraid to touch them."
*feeling faint from supreme awesomeness* I so want to give these guys all my money so I can have this piece on my iPod. Because it's made of AWESOME. And last night, right before I went to bed, the last thing I saw was this blog post (again, courtesy of Cake Wrecks Jen) which leaves me with a strong urge to redo the guest room. I want color-changing lightsaber wall sconces! And the world's cutest Boba Fett lamp! Not to mention the AT-AT decals on the closet door...and the Han Solo quote! Ack!!! The wampa rug though, I think that's where I'd draw the line. My tauntaun sleeping bag is way less terror-inducing.
If you find yourself "phoning it in" everyday, maybe it's time to move on if there's someplace to go. As long as that place has health insurance. Don't go from a job where you have insurance to one in which you don't.
Annoyances in this book are, however, very few and far between. "She's Come Undone" is a multilayered story, skilfully written, with normally sensitive and believable treatment of a broad number of topics. This book was so different to the other OBC selections so far that I was reduced to scathing at typographical errors (a sentence on page 130 is missing an initial capital - no fault of the author), certain portions that I felt were slightly too obvious ("the kind of embroidery Grandma sometimes did: crewelwork. Cruel work", p. 137), and a rather unsavoury account of a cat licking its... private parts on page 21.
(* If Ratner did plan to build a fourth building on the arena site it would mean that almost nothing would be left of the decorative metal wreath with which SHoP Architects dressed up the airplane hanger design for the arena that was substituted for Gehry's.)
The top referring sites in 2010 were blogged.com, afcs1964.blogspot.com, michael-jackson-secret-exposed.xpac.info, stumbleupon.com, and en.wordpress.com.
unsurpassed
As a few of you may know I am Currently rehabbing from a fantastic injury to my knee that will keep me sidelined for quite some time. Soooo…being as I have a few minutes( allllllllDAYYYY) in my day where I am not doing my rehab exercises at home I have been doing some reading here and there . I decided to share these few topics with you because I think they could help you quite nicely. These are all sites available to anyone at anytime just like this one. wow amazing right.
Well I am not sure if the gods are against me having a good day, or that they just enjoy seeing miserable people, hahaha – big laughs at the expense of me! Nevertheless, the most frustrating thing, when your day, just cannot get any better, is when someone half-important tells you, ‘’ don’t worry there is always someone worse of than you’’.
You never cease to amaze me.
Oatmeal is one of those breakfasts that I love, but never want to make because in my head it has the stigma of taking too long to cook and not really filling me up until lunch. The trick is to add some fat like butter, milk, and nuts, but somehow that strips away some of the healthy. Here is my healthier version and enough for a weeks worth of breakfasts. I make this on sunday and then dish it into containers for me to grab out of the fridge on the way to work. I just heat it up in the microwave when I get there.
For everlasting Love
Welcome to the fourth edition of The Pulse -- The State of the Art -- a survey in words and pictures of the online artist community. Nearly 150 artists have answered a list of questions which make up The Pulse. Their responses will be presented as a series of online and print projects. Secret Sunday was the first project and the links to all the secrets can be found on the sidebar of my blog. The Book Guild is the second project and Chapter 19 starts right now!
Sage Green, Tan, Multicam and black
4 old
For the carrot cake:
Wishing you much happiness, filled with flowers and love and more trips to Paris and cake of course!
USA Doughnut Girls – Ansauville c.1918
We already discussed 2 aspects of Network Marketing. So what next?
Kraft paper for base
My thoughts still escape me. Tangled with feelings that I can not unknot, try as I may. I see a dog chase it's tail in circles, stupidly. In vanity it believes it will catch itself one of these days. I am that dog, even if I don't want to be. I fight myself and what I believe. I let myself get ahead of today and search for future securities. There are no guarantees. Another cliche. Too many of them roam my head, but I keep repeating them anyway. They are what keep me going. They make me believe that it's all for a reason. It will all be okay. And they remind me to hold tight. We all know what's most important in life, so why is it so hard to keep focus of it? Why does it feel such a fight to stay on task. To stay the course.
And that is the The Lost Cat Poster Theory. It's a reminder to everyone, and to creatives especially, that the use of creativity in advertising is there to increase the effectiveness of the communication, and for no other reason. Creativity is not there for it's own sake, it is a means to an end. If a creative idea is getting in the way of the message, or is an unnecessary flourish, or muddies the point, or is confusing, then the person creating that advertising is letting their own ego get in the way of the job in hand.
-It ran away from me like everyone else does.
11-27 Paris, France – Zenith
Florence Cooke (violin)
9. Sequence 8 (alternate version) (3:06)
The deal is “designed to send a strong message” that, though the U.S. is reducing its footprint in Afghanistan, it is not abandoning the region, says ABC News. And while the deal is “more symbolic than substantive,” says Mark Landler at The New York Times, it nonetheless marks a crucial transition in America’s thorny relationship with “a staunch, if faraway and complicated, ally.” And remember, says Feller, that the agreement, while light on details, allows the U.S. to potentially keep troops in Afghanistan to train Afghan forces and target al Qaeda.
I think we can all agree that he was ineffective before the elections. The rising levels of crime and corruption would attest to this as well. There was also the fact that he made like an ostrich and stuck his head firmly in the ground as far as the rakyat’s complaints were concerned.
prep time: 20 minutes
New Terms:
usually, at this point, i would feel angrier for being rejected. a convenient emotion to mask my pain.
Obamacare is predicted to destroy the U.S. healthcare system, widely regarded as the best in the world, so one assumes he doesn’t care much for it either. So far, twenty-eight sovereign States have declared their opposition to Obamacare, but Obama does not care.
We're going to the coast this weekend. I can't wait to enjoy some of that cooler weather.
While that's boiling, sautee your onion and garlic, til onion is not raw and the garlic smells yum. Add chicken (and salt/pepper to taste) and cook til no longer pink. Add flour. Stir to coat chicken. Add cream, mustard, parmesan cheese and spinach. Stir to mix it up and cook for a few minutes while the cream thickens, cheese melts and spinach wilts.
Take Notes
Abu Dhabi World Pro - The Abu Dhabi World Pro is one of the best tournaments in Jiu Jitsu. Competitors must win regional qualifiers, after which they are flown to Abu Dhabi at the behest of the crown prince. No it’s not the plot of a Bruce Lee movie, it’s just one of the best run Jiu Jitsu tournaments in the world. This logo incorporates the colours of the Emirates with a design that immediately communicates the worldwide inclusiveness of the tournament. The circle as a design element is something that we’ll revisit; it is a very important element of Japanese-inspired minimalist design that invokes the ideals of Zen Buddhism. However, the three pieces of the circle are also crescents – one of the most ancient symbols in the world. Crescent symbols originally represented the moon gods of Mesopotamia and now represent the Muslim world. The use of the crescents to form the circle is indicative of the blending of cultures that takes place at the Abu Dhabi World Pro.
It was a tough session. Tough because for the first time I touched in on emotional feelings in regards to sex. And at one point I mentally left the room. I have done it before, I quite easily switch off but this time was very different and according to M very significant.
news spreaded like fire in Bollywood town that Sonakshi Sinha has left behind Katrina Kaif, Kareena Kapoor, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Priyanka Chopra as she has been voted as the most sought out and famous celebrity in the Hindi film industry. Sonakshi who has appeared in just one movie so far, how can she be nominated under such category if any. Beware! Sonakshi,you have to face them all.
Why am I such a sap for bad girls?
We now face a situation in which the Muslims in Europe will be fighting for what is right, and the indigenous population will be coerced into supporting evil. We do not have to become pawns for the internationalists. We can take a third position which doesn't support Islam or the Internationale; we can stand up for Europe and every country in the world by demanding the disbanding of NATO, the EU, IMF, World Bank, UN etc and the breaking up of the multi-national corporations which are directing the international agenda. We can refuse to play along with the 'blame the muzzies' game, and seek a just and honourable return of all people to their own countries, including Europeans outside the European world. A world, of free and ethnically homogeneous countries is the solution to internationalism and all expressions of supremacism. Stopping the use of our military to destroy those who resist the One Worlders is the first step.
Seriously though, there is a felt and immediate need in the Guyanese society for a serious operative, preferably at the ministerial level, to help the male population especially retrieve their identity and control of their families, fecundity and future. The PPP government has a moral responsibility to create the environment and channel the energies, skills and intellect of the men into productive work rather than having them as mere spectators as the country devolves into nothingness.
Overall – 12.5/20
Tammy at Adventures on Beck's Bounty: Tammy and I have enjoyed each other's blogs for some time now. We are fellow nature study, gardening, Charlotte Mason homeschoolers. She has so much to offer in her posts and I enjoy reading them all.
That`s one epic diary if you ask me. Over a thousand hits, even my parents can read it, if they knew the address that is. Oh yeah, they would not know it was me, relieved …
Today we went to Old San Juan to the San Felipe Del Morro fort. They had a historical reenactment of a 1797 battle in which the British were trying to attack the fort. The local militia with the help of the French navy (who wanted the British spoils from war) and some of the Spanish military were able to defeat the British's attack. This was their last attempt to take the island, which has always been a much coveted 'prize' for it's location.
There are self-publishing authors like JA Konrath, Amanda Hocking, John Locke and (on a smaller but perfectly formed scale) Joanna Penn who are generous with their figures but they’re selling books from the tens of thousands to the millions. So does that mean you’re a failure if your figures are more modest? Or are you actually doing better than most? What is the average royalty earning for self-publishing authors? How long does it take for a self-published book to reach peak sales? What are the most successful authors doing to market their books?
Lol, I know I must've sounded like a lesbian but no joke, she is seriously so pretty! I couldn't get over it!
sac-cid-ānanda-vigrahaḥ
I may burn under hot sun rays,
Choices, folks. It's all about choices. If you choose to eat hot dogs, connective tissue, ammonia, sodas with high fructose corn syrup and squishy Wonder bread, there's a pretty good chance you're going to get sick. Is it the food, then? Nope, it's the choice to eat it.
The Bad: They’ve taken over, I mean everywhere, to the point that eradication projects don’t even bother anymore. In past years the Ojai Meadow Preserve by Nordhoff has been a literal 8 foot tall forest of mustard, the tide is turning though, nice work OVLC.
What they found was that companies having reputations as being "tough" in IP enforcement have less knowledge spillover due to inventor mobility. The reputations were not gained by actively pursuing IP litigation against all, or even many, of its employees. Rather, a general reputation of agressively pursuing or defending IP litigation will be enough. Notes the report: "From the source firm's perspective . . . even if the costs outweigh the benefits of being litigious in a particular dispute, the deterrence of future knowledge spillovers can justify the inventment."
There’s no need to kneel
Chapters of The Infernal Devices will be serialized in Yen Press’s monthly online anthology magazine, Yen Plus, with publication of the first volume slated for Fall 2012.
Played with them more
And the things that I have done.
- And I said, 'Well you know what happens when bitches don't bring me my scratch?!'
#6: A great knockout of an episode from the first season with that tried and true TZ trope "Your life is falling to pieces and everyone thinks you're crazy." "And When the Sky Was Opened" is the ultimate experience in paranoia and predates the whole Death-coming-to-claim-the-ones-that-got-away concept well before the Final Destination craze. Wonderful chemistry and characterization by the three leads only makes us care that much more for their horrible, no-prisoners fate.
Britain’s stint as the number one nation in this field lasted for barely five decades. By the end of the century the US had become the top global goods producer, after which it held on to its role for roughly 115 years, ceding the top of the tree position to China after the country’s spectacular return to economic health.
Barked Shag wildly.
pastry got it’s name because it’s what the Cuban refugees back in the 60’s could
Oh...And the whining voice of my firstborn saying he is "staaaaarving" because he hasn't filled his teenage stomach with any food for at least 20 minutes and the crotchety voice of my pre-teen daughter saying "how much fuuuurther do we have to walk" and then there is the warning tone in my Beloveds voice telling our kids to knock it off OR ELSE!....
Remember, “If not now, When?”
Alpine - Villages
Booklist, one of the bibles of the publishing industry, has just published a rave review of my new crime novel, Cliff Walk, which also got a starred review in Publishers Weekly recently.
I don’t think it would bother me so bad except for that we have a “rough side of town” and once I accidentally got lost over there. Not a cop in sight… 3 men ran up to my car and tried to sell me crack, but not one cop car did I see!
And just like that, pure water starts gushing out of the fountains in that old bathhouse. What, did someone just forget to turn the tap for the past eight or nine centuries? The orphan kids scream and laugh and play happily in the water.
We will do well to bear in mind that Satan is a servant, and not master, and that he and wicked men incited by him are only permitted to do what God by His determinate council and foreknowledge has before determined shall be done. Come joy, or come sorrow, we may always take it from the hand of God.
A: The role I play in the movie is one who is isolated by the world, and has also isolated himself from the world. Then the very next day after filming, I am required to become the performer who performs happily in a venue which can hold an audience of 550,000. This way, it is not easy for me to immerse myself in the movie. It was also challenging physically. Thus, when thinking about how (the movie) was a really good production with a really good director and cast, it made me think, “Ah, this is really frustrating.” I have learnt many things and it has been very rewarding, yet as much as I do not want to admit it, there are regrets. What is it that I feel regretful about? I learnt a lot. The feeling of inadequacy which I felt made it a valuable experience.
Tomorrow is the first day of a 13-day fortnight on theAbysmal Calendar. As mentioned in a previous post, the 13 days can be used to reflect any other pattern of 13 in the calendar: 13 months of the year or 13 weeks of the quarter for example. In that spirit, I’m going to put assemble some ideas to put towards the month names and the story of the year that goes along with them (or at least will go along with them. The writing is a ways off, but I’m hoping it will be done by the Summer Solstice – midpoint of the year).
Mark did a panel with Terry (who is his client) on what it's like for an author to work with an agent and what an agent does for a client. Mark then did an hour talk on agenting and his long experience in publishing as an editor, how the market is changing and then took questions for another hour and probably would've went on longer if we’d had more time. Here are some of Mark’s gems:
I've mentioned the trouble I had trying to find an agent to represent Mortal Engines, but I've been pretty lucky really; the first publisher who read it accepted it. I've had no formal training at all, unless you count school; we sometimes had to write stories there, but they never gave us long enough for my liking, so I wrote my own stories at home. (Actually I wish they'd spent a bit less time on creative writing and a bit more hammering some grammar into us; that would have been more useful.) I've always written stories, and I suppose I've improved over the years by reading (and watching) other people's stories and noticing how they do things.
Our future
Rustic Tiger Maple 5 Peg Rack goes to Barbara Shores
the old man could not understand,
So yep, that's about it for today! Go here to check out the other tour stops! You'll find loads of awesome stuff on the other tour sites too! :D
EXCLUSIVE! TEN REASONS WHY SHOUTING INTO A WELL HAS GONE INTO HIATUS
This gallery is for all the bits and pieces regarding WWW2 stuff like Incursion, Secrets of the Third Reich, AEWW2 and all other games/settings mixing up WW2 with the occult, strange, and technologically impossible.
my thoughts and feelings exactly.
Admittedly, doing a placement year can be financially difficult for some students. You are still required to pay a reduced fee rate to the university during your placement year, however, you will remain registered as a full time student which entitles you to exemptions and a student card (5% discount on Amazon – woohoo!)
Best wishes to Chris Alexander and co. if they go ahead with a new edition of GOREZONE. The challenge, of course, will be to make it as relevant to the current genre scene as its predecessor was to its day but if any mag deserved a second chance, it's GOREZONE.
April 11, 1861
Meanwhile, sift together the flour and salt in a separate bowl. Fill the mixer bowl with hot water, let sit, and then drain so the bowl is warm (which helps facilitate the yeast working with the dough).
Under the heading "Battles and Campaigns" where someone typed in "None" my father penciled in "Luzon."
SB Bakery address in the packet stated as :
A quick word on my last post. Two of the four comments I got (Thanks Kristy, Nicole, Irene and Meg for the support!) mentioned the word honesty. And that got me to thinking. You might think that because I keep this blog and blabber on about my eating and exercise, you might think that means I have little concern for what others think. And I guess oftentimes that's true. But I'm still human, and I sometimes cringe when I share particularly unflattering details. I wanted to leave the McDonalds out, and I actually thought about doing that. But I couldn't, I knew that hiding it meant harboring the shame.
I choose a spot and stretch out,
The west garden is still thriving. The Red Ruben Basil is the same, no growth but still living. You can't even see it behind the sage from this angle anymore. Kate dug up one of the garlic plants just to check their growth. They are healthy despite being beaten down by rain but, of course, not ready yet. All the other herbs we have been using as needed. It's just neat to go out and cut what you need for dinner. The lettuce along the bottom has to be near the end. There is still some to cut and eat, but it is getting more and more scraggly looking. That's okay, it has been cut several times and we have enjoyed eating it all spring.
The Occupy movement? Hates corporate capitalism and greed. (Hates greed. Really? How do you feel about sloth? Lust?) Wants to do something or other in pursuit of undefined social and economic “justice.” Camps out in city parks. Performs street theater and drum circles. Wastes precious media time engaging in pointless and fruitless arguments about police tactics, which is not the point of the movement. At least, I don’t think it is.
Matt & Tony: Perry’s dude-brah cousins
to the way the light catches the electric blue of the dragonfly,
Il est petit
61. Brenna made me laugh AND cry tonight!! All good, but it's amazing how our kids can effect us.
So, overall--a really nice novel with a not-quite-coherent novella tagged on at the end. Read it for the novel and enjoy, or not the extra piece--it adds little and doesn't take us anywhere we haven't already seen in greater detail.
*****my keyboard has difficulties so I often post only to find missing a or y in key words.
*Work must be original.
In other words, we get screwed for more tax. Again.
It’s strange because people in my world know about him, more than I realised, so in several conversations this past week I have been asked how he’s doing, what’s going on there. And I make light of it whilst feeling touched by their interest. Until sometimes the odd one will ask me why I keep bothering, clearly not getting it, and I’ve explained it enough to myself now that I just shrug them off and feign interest in their walk away advice.
No surprise that Steve Martin showed up. You had to figure he would be there at some point during the night, and the monologue would be the most likely place for that. At first, this monologue was in danger of being one big shameless plug … for an ice cream flavor. The steroid angle was indeed a clever way to address the record-breaking. And Seth Rogen’s cameo was ultimately beside the point. B+
Damn fine dinner!
Level 11: MP Cost: 55, Damage: 223%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 6 times, 21% chance to stun the enemy for 5 seconds.
Is this not just the most annoying pointless never ending post ever? At least there were pictures!
Remember: If you have a topic you want me to discuss, tell me. I’ll take on just about anything and if it’s beyond me, I’ll find sources. What niggles? What have you wanted to ask, or know? If you have an announcement you want posted, send it along for Your Serendipity @ Thursday Thoughts.
I won't say anymore, that would be unfair, but it's fantastic, mindbending, epic in visuals and I still haven't figured it out.
2 T lemon juice
At the end of the day, I’m still an elitist snob who’s an introvert. And i’m not even ELITE. Hell.
I've been in need of a new sewing machine because my trusty Brother decided she wouldn't let me trust her anymore. She started acting up to the point where I needed to unpick all my top-stitches and do them all over a couple of times until they were acceptable. They would look awesome from the top thread/needle side and look AWFUL from the bobbin side. I tried everything, I changed needles, adjusted tension, bought expensive thread and nothing. I think it might be the bobbin case but since I can't wait for the piece to arrive I decided to get me another sewing machine to keep working on (and to be a back-up) until I figure out how to solve my Brother's problem. So I bought a Singer Simple, it had nice reviews and it was super cheap so I didn't give it much thought. I've been using it and I like it. :D
She calls it "Lemony Maple Sweet Potatoes"...I call it a SAHM's (stay at home mom's) "necessity recipe".
That’ll preach. In fact, it once did…
Worked On - 4
Sometime in June: everything is renovated, unpacked, partially decorated, and awesome. Until then, it's going to be one heck of a Spring Break.
Maine Brewers Festival (November 5th/6th at the Portland Expo): The 17th annual Maine Brewers Festival will be held on Friday and Saturday, November 5th and 6th, 2010. This festival celebrates the quality and community of Maine’s craft brewers and their tasty celebrated brews. Great food, door prizes, interesting vendors, and fantastic music round out the experience. This event has become an anticipated New England tradition. We hope you’ll join us for fun, friends, and most importantly, great beer!
Barrett Keene, a University of Florida graduate & Phd student at Cornell University is walking 3,474 miles from Miami to San Francisco to raise awareness for orphaned children around the world and provide 25,00 uniforms to kids so they have the opportunity to attend school. (In some countries it is required by law that kids have a uniform to even go to school).The route travels through Miami, Atlanta, Nashville, St. Louis, Kansas City, Denver, Salt Lake City, Sacramento, and San Francisco This video is a live ABC Tampa video from last week. It will give you an idea of the project.
Hearts and souls
Hopefully you’ll agree…
I immediately knew "DD" would fall in Love with this little guy the minute I saw it on Dandelion's website! Its so cute with its soft colors and silky soft fabric! The pictures really don't do it justice and its the same for all their products. When I received him in the mail and opened the package, I was pleasantly surprised how nice he was! I could instantly tell from the moment I saw it and picked it up, that it was made of high quality materials, which isn't always expected with products that are made from Organic and natural materials for some reason. But honestly, I was shocked how well made this Toy was! And not to mention how Incredibly soft, silky and luxurious it felt. The Giraffe is so cute and has a nice silky "sheen" to its body.
What I’m really excited about is all the series I’m starting in the next few months and continuing others. So, you’ve probably read the About This Blog tab and wondered why I haven’t gotten to a lot of those series idea. Well, that’s for this year! Here are some things you’ll be seeing on The Poison Pen Cinema very soon:
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
I was asked "have you though about ending your own life."
The “Military Religious Freedom Foundation” is for anything but the military, or religion, or freedom. It is for atheism. It is for imposing IT’S religious ideology of secular humanism and specifically excluding anything Christian.
Sex: MALE
2) The celebration of Buddha’s birth (observed this year on May 28) is a national holiday throughout Asia, marked by joyous parades, communal meals and other cultural rituals. Combining “foo,” the Chinese word for Buddha, with “umami,” the Japanese word for flavor or taste, Foumami loosely translates to “what Buddha finds to be most delicious.” Chinese folklore says that Buddha was so infatuated with the aromas wafting into the monastery from a nearby village that he jumped over the wall for just one taste of the villagers’ food. At Foumami, the food is supposed to entice diners to experience firsthand why Buddha was compelled to jump over the wall.
John Brown (Lib Dem) 270
As you can see from the document here on the left, Laurence Kettle was a secretary of the Provisional Committee, along with Eoin MacNeill. It was Eoin MacNeill who countermanded Padráig Pearse's order of 1916, resulting in the action of the Easter Rising being almost entirely limited to Dublin. My guess, given Kettle's political affiliations, is that he agreed with MacNeill's countermanding order, and that may be why he did not take up arms.
*(image source - Profimedia.com)
Definitely not part of the 99%
In order to be a creative thinker who plans strategically you must follow God’s pattern and improve systems and processes. He sent Jesus to redeem us, that we would have an abundant life. I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly. John 10:10b (KJV) Sin had separated man from God and He made strategic plans for a more excellent way. No longer are we to sacrifice bulls or goats. How awesome, God did all this because He loves us and wants to have fellowship with us. We are no longer under the system of legalism, working feverishly to obey all the written laws to please God. No longer are His laws written only on stone, but now He has placed them on our hearts. We no longer obey Him through the law, but now we obey Him through our personal relationship and faith in Jesus Christ. After all that He then put on the finishing touch by filling us with the power of His Holy Spirit, which seals us and ensures our success. It is mind-boggling to me the great planning that went into God’s redemption of man.
Orange sparkly card and paper from stash
An everyday quarrel can easily escalate into divorce, says Abdullahi, whose divorce happened as quickly as a car crash, in a moment of heat, instantly regretted by both sides.
That said, I’m a little skeptical about what is going to happen next season. As always, I am lost when it comes to the Peter-Alicia-Will love triangle. It’s nice seeing Peter grow and become less of a jerk, but does that mean that Alicia should go back to him? And, what’s going on with Will and Alicia? Will, as we know, is dating, but the tension between him and Alicia is a constant reminder of their unresolved issues as a couple.
I am wanting money, needing money, and oh yea! my super power is to grow money trees. Then I would have no need to worry about if or when the IRS decides to send me a tax return. If I can grow money trees, I promise to outfit all of your classrooms with iPads and smart boards.
So here is to lifting someone else's game up and by the way IF we can remember this we can all be hollywood producers...
Of course clutter will still accumulate in other places, and I'll still forget to return signed papers to school, but hopefully this is a step in the right direction. I'll let you know how this space works out after we actually start using it! (Old habits die hard!)
I should really start listing a few of them tomorrow... we'll see.
It’s not the angel Gabriel, since he’s named in scripture but is still a regular angel.
And they swiftly fly away
This past week I had the sweetest girl who told me how to remove Shellac at home. I haven't tried this yet, and now that I think of it I probably should have before I posed about it to you guys. Oh well, I just wanted to pass this knowledge along to you in hopes that it will help!
A large number of migraine headaches originate with what you currently eat, and also from what you don’t eat. The best foods and home remedies trigger soothing brain chemicals, promote overall well-being and stop migraine headaches in their tracks.
If you haven’t read “Barefoot Church” by Brandon or “7-An Experimental Mutiny Against Excess” by Jen – go to Amazon or your local bookstore and join the company of many of my friends. We are using those two books to launch into a family/life makeover of sorts. We are adjusting the premises as described in “7” to what will work best for our family and ministry – if you don’t know these “premises” that I’m talking about, go buy the books. Now. Then you’ll be in the “cool group”, just kidding, but really go get those books – they will change your life, while you laugh and cry simultaneously…you’ll then get my “begrudgingly” comment above.
LAST WEEK WAS CRAZY here at Sun Scholars!
“I’ll need you to take her out when you get home. I’m going to see if my mom can stop by around midday to check on her. It will be her first long day alone.”
We wandered the grounds in search of a proper picnic place and then ducked inside to find the most palatial setting for our lunch.
He should be executed.
We're all people who think our kids' needs and our relationships with our kids come first, before anything else. We all want and build and maintain peaceful households. We all try, every day, to stop and think instead of going with the knee-jerk reaction, the old tapes, the bad habits and ingrained patterns. We all try to see, continually, with fresh eyes.
We changed the Title of this BlogPost
The ferry dock at Saanich is about 30 km. north of Victoria.
The Vickery seascape above is from the Tutwiler gallery, here is a link to a page on their blog showing some ofVickerys paintings. Check out their art while you are there, they are fine painters and I have known them for many years.
The libraries in question also have enough financial resources, as well as qualified staff, to produce such indicators. All of them have staff members who work with statistics on a regular basis. Their understanding of indicators and presentation graphics could be improved, but that can be achieved through modest amounts of training. The missing indicators do not reflect a lack of skill, but a lack of will. This lack of will is not a personal weakness. It comes from a lack of demand.
I have to admit, this is one area where I am old school big time. I will take a paperback over any fancy e-reader. I like the feel of the book in my hands, the smell, the sensation of the paper between my fingers as I flip the pages. There is something comforting and relaxing about holding a worn paperback with its creased spine and well-read pages. I have come to associate the smell of old books with the library, adventure, childhood and my Mom’s voice. Likewise, opening a new book has the thrill of the unknown and anticipation for the world that I will get to explore. No hard plastic screen will ever compare. This is one thing that I will never give up no matter where technology advances.
Cook on low for 4 to 5 hours; an hour before you're going to serve, turn the crock pot to high, add the cut scallions, stir, and cook for an additional hour.
Now, without alcohol filling my thoughts and with no motivation to drink, I can get on with things I want to do but in a relaxed, clear-headed manner so I’m actually able to complete tasks. And because I’m not drunk by 9pm, nor hungover from the night before, I can stay up writing/ reading/ watching a film/ catching up with emails/ spending time on Twitter/ online until just before midnight.
The llama is a South American relative of the camel, though the llama does not have a hump. These sturdy creatures are domestic animals used by the peoples of the Andes Mountains. (Their wild relatives are guanacos and vicuñas). Native peoples have used llamas as pack animals for centuries.
Vice President Jejomar Binay insists his statement regarding a supposed plan to run for president in 2016 was taken out of context. He says he is just “aspiring to become president.” He’ll explain himself further in his next text blast. Wait lang.
Bahrain’s ruling family was dealt a blow after an audience made up of mainly young Arabs used a globally televised debate to say the monarchy was unlikely to make good their promise of reform.
1 contrary
The backs are just as interesting, as Amy has covered them with tooled metal! This is a key chain any Alice fan would be proud to carry; I think I would want to hook it onto a purse strap where I could see it all the time. Great project! Be sure to stop by Plucking Daisies and leave a comment welcoming Amy to the design team!
There are two strands to this book that gradually become intertwined: in the opening two chapters we are introduced to Eva Wirenström-Berg and her husband Henrick, a stay-at-home writer; they have been married for fifteen years, live in a nice house in Stockholm and have a six-year old son, Axel. The next chapter we get to meet Jonas, a twenty-five-year-old postman, who is sitting in a private room in a hospital where his girlfriend, Anna, has been lying in a coma for two years and five months following a mysterious swimming accident. None of the couples have ever met and know nothing about each other’s existences. Things are not going well with the married couple. Jonas, on the other hand, is devoted to Anna – he even obtains permission to spend one night a week with her – but she’s not recovering and it looks like it will only be a matter of time before he loses her completely.
Here are a few things we stuffed our stockings with: movies, back scratcher, fuzzy socks, kitchen accessories (salad tongs, can opener, spatulas, wooden spoons), car air freshner, a red wine cleaner (that gets red wine stains out of anything!) ornaments (one with our picture, a football, penguin and santa!), mini coffee flavors, travel size tissues, magnets for the fridge, a tiny shaving kit from Sephora, chapstick and a 5 hour energy. And ofcourse some delicious ones: cookies, chocolate, gum, mints!
6) Drain the oil on a kitchen tissue or dish towel.
Once the chicken is cooked (165º), scatter with chopped parsley and spring onions and cover with foil for 2 minutes. Serve immediately.
Click the flier to go shopping
1 parisian
The image itself is a New Yorker magazine cover from March 29, 1976, created by Saul Steinberg, who did 85 covers and 1,200 drawings for the magazine. The photo was taken of a poster hanging in a shop in the Village. I didn't even have to go to 9th Avenue, seek out the original or step inside a shop - my view of the world from 9th avenue was had from the comfort of my own neighborhood in a gallery window. Now that's a New Yorker :)
Rebecca, Mrs. Claus (Moore) is worried that her exhausted, workaholic husband (O'Carrigan) has lost his holiday spirit. She believes she can help him recapture his bliss and secretly heads to the one place she knows the spirit of Christmas must still exist, the place she fell in love with Nick - New York City. In a crowded diner, Rebecca befriends Joe (Bryk), a caring cop who is worried about this kindly grandmother, who's alone and low on funds. Joe reveals he and his wife Lucy (Helfer) are in the middle of a divorce. Sensing that Joe is still very much in love with his wife, Rebecca agrees to work temporarily as the family's nanny until Christmas. To Rebecca's delight, by healing Joe and Lucy's family, she shows Santa that Christmas miracles are still possible and his job's more important than ever!
With all the comings and goings and the good and the bad
What if my child is gay?
(and lots of fabric shops around)
CHEF: What do you think? I love you.
1 substitutions
What makes you run late: Family
I start with the best of intentions!
**GREAT TIP: Make extra white beans and puree them into separate portions for later. Label your bags with how much beans you put in the bag and keep them in the freezer until you need them. When you are baking, pull out a bag, thaw them in the microwave, and add them to your recipe as desired. It works great!
(c) Mineral lands,
the things in my heart that I must say to him.
Did you notice the little bowls of candy by the chairs of the apostles? hahaha LOVED that! hahaha
Loni and Clint go trek through the wilderness together to search for the lost boy. They fall in love. They have epic discussions about their faith. Then they start talking about other things.
Those familiar with the genre-blending, ground-quaking beats of Glasgow’s Hudson Mohawke and Montreal’s Lunice will think they know what is in store from a collaboration between the two, but nothing could prepare for the future hip hop production featured on TNGHT.
avoid Trolls by keeping off bridges.
This weekend I spent Saturday exploring the The Point in the Bronx with Omer, a brand new date and one of my favorite sites so far! I don't have time tonight to post about the date but here's a sneak peak from Shelly, the rocking woman we met on our adventure (she was on a date too! this project is truly fantastic!)
Artsy? Check!
The pointed side of this blade
Far from a nostalgic and doting depiction of a child as being a little rebel or just being a boy, the Dardenne Brothers completely abandon any sentimentality for childhood in order to show in no uncertain terms that Cyril is a bad person. He soon gains the name “Pit Bull” from the kids in his neighborhood because of his violent tendencies and Cyril begins to lash out at everyone around him.
Without further ado..
Famous INFJs:
“Ladies and Gentlemen, before we get started I believe we have a few birthdays and anniversaries in this evening and I would like for you to join me in singing happy birthday. Before we do though I would like to read out the names.”
If your plans with your man
"Summer!" giggles a bevy of orchids in bloom, flaunting their jewel colours from the precious shade.
What a year! And that's with my having to take time out from reviewing YA fiction from May to September because I was a judge for the Booktrust Teenage Book Prize. Then, once I was reading books that fell outside that time period, I could write about novels again.
As Vic put it when she sent me Saturday's picture, this garment is a blast from the past! Do you remember when making skirts from pair of jeans was the most exciting thing ever? This is from then. Probably over six years ago. The one I made for Vic has an 'ok' sign appliquéd to the right back pocket area. I used to machine satin stitch these 'ok' appliqués all over the place at the time, usually to little tote bags and shoulder bags that I made to sell. Well, apparently doing an 'ok' with your hand is a thing people do to signal to each other when diving, which is Vic's hobby. She often wears this skirt on holiday, often diving holidays, and on Saturday she wore the skirt with her dive club's sweatshirt having spent the morning handing out leaflets for her dive club. I'm spotting a theme...
“3 – There is no need for faith, because a substitute is a substitute for all our sins. Yet the scriptures say we need faith to be justified.”
clapped into place a slippery playground, this stage
Back in 2008, several people we knew took the Financial Peace University course at our church. We saw it advertised quite a bit, but decided it wasn't for us. We made good money and had no credit cards, so we thought we were doing quite well. That August, we found out we were expecting our first child. And, it seemed like everyone was talking about FPU. We decided to try it out, you know, just in case we ever found ourselves in financial difficulty.
In one corner is an old man, well past the age for the working-men's clothing, he's wearing a cord jacket and a tweed cap. 'A proper old man' I think, as I look across. At first I think he's asleep, then I see him turn the page of the huge large-print book propped up on the table in front of him. I quickly dismiss the unbidden thought and sense of relief that he's neither asleep nor dead. At this time of the day it's hard to think of a worse fate than dying alone and unnoticed in a motorway service station.
One can only wonder what is rattling around in Goodson’s head. Does he think his public rants are benefiting the agency? He ought to consider the fact that the two sources providing the most coverage of this fiasco—Adweek and AgencySpy—are arguably the least credible advertising publications on Earth. The duo is the digital equivalent of The Jerry Springer Show. Hell, even AdFreak won’t touch this mess.
FIN
She sits cross legged on the fresh cut grass, her hands wrapped around a cherry slush-puppy. I smile at the red colour frozen temporarily upon her lips as I picture the 80's makeup that she might one day wear.
Maybe it's just because I love chocolate and coconut, so it seems appropriate for every occasion?
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Grease a large bundt pan with cooking spray.
Many a changeful season to follow, and many a scene of life,
83. The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
Now there’s an oxymoron.
The reactive approach discusses steps to be taken immediately to prepare for an imminent major solar storm and potential electrical blackout. The first section is similar a “to do” list. Stock-up on extra batteries, such as those used in flashlights and radios. Fill vehicles with gasoline/diesel. Pick up alternative fuel for cooking such as charcoal/propane and don’t forget the matches. For individuals on prescription medicine, obtain a 90-day or more supply. Visit the bank, withdraw some savings and have cash on-hand. Store tap water or buy bottled water.
The Epiphany
This semester's group did a nice job with Dan Meyer's Toast video. I had them ask questions and record what they noticed. There was a neat dichotomy: the WCYDWT responses were all pretty traditional math textbook questions. The what they noticed branched far afield, wondering what would make a good soundtrack, wondering about darkness of toast and toaster design.
haha- Well, thats what I am suppose to do!
Good Morning peeps, B here welcoming you to another challenge here at Allsorts.
29) NIGHT OF THE WEREWOLF – Lee Kristofferson
Papers on representations of children as agents and/or victims of violence in texts and film about civil conflict in Africa. 250 word abstract and short bio. by 5 March 2011; Janice Spleth (jspleth@wvu.edu).
We are told that the brutal mass-murderers who hijacked those four planes that day, intent on slaughter few can bring themselves to contemplate, do not represent the real Islam. However, to believe that it is necessary to shield one's eyes from the truth. Even if we ignore the joyful dancing Muslims in the streets we all saw that day, we need only visit Jihadi websites or listen honestly to the words on Imams preaching in Damascus, Iran and Yemen to hear the hatred for us and to see how the murderers of September 2001 are celebrated, to understand how those events were then, and are still now, perceived in those parts of the world from where they sprang.
We have not missed any of the "beautiful" pieces that we used to own and have sold. We now rather find "beauty" in living simply.
then, and this is no joke, one would be well advised to not entirely laugh this off.
…and to hopefully make up for forgetting to add this epilogue when I posted this last night, let me offer the list of unique and eclectic bloggers I am fortunate to be associated with in order to share each other’s work, brought together by the sweet, bright, and genuine Andra Watkins:
With Matt Roper, there is even more there than at first meets the eye and I suspect much more to come.
* How frequently do you update your clients or keep them informed of the work you’re doing? How do you prefer me to communicate with you?
The difference between me and other people was that I didn't do those other things every week ,and we spent very little money when we did go out. Saving that deposit was of paramount importance to us. We wanted to live together in our own home. The only way to achieve that was to save - so that's what we did.
The Mystery is no-one knows which blog is the one that will be giving it away -- nope-- not even the designers!
Jewish city of Jerusalem in 70 AD and you will experience what Josephus
For The Glory of Brooklyn’s Gowanus Merlis partnered with artist and educator Leslie-Arlette Boyce. It was Boyce who conceived of the book 10 years ago after being transfixed by the canal while photographing it. “I had a wonderful time getting lost in the water, in the light on the water. It’s easy to let your mind wander down there. It’s so quiet,” she said.
I'll be back later with a new challenge set by me, Spyder/ Lyn. There's already a sneek peek of my DT card on my blog, hope you can all join in!! Bye for now. Thanks for stopping by!
1. Knee Deep Hoptologist
"Their political education has moved forward. They are now doing their second degree. They will go for a PhD soon!" he said of the reporters, causing the 100-odd audience to cheer and laugh.
Fran Dolan — Professor of English
Wait... Ireland???
Okay, let's just be blunt ... things have been NOT stellar lately. There's been some heartbreak, lying, betrayal and just recently a new found sense of relief. Clearly I did a big vanishing act and was silent. I've probably cried almost every day for the last few weeks. And now I am DONE! I see things clearly now and am not going to be made to look like a fool anymore. A GINORMOUS thanks to a very dear friend for her tough love yesterday! And funny enough, once this weight was lifted people started coming out of the woodwork saying how they, too, are relieved. Team R0nda has my back! It feels so good. It's like today was one big, constant hug from people that truly care and worried about me.
Comic book artist for Marvel. He also has a lot of individual project that are stunning. He’s recently been working on a comic/graphic novel version of The Wizard of Oz. Check him out. Very whimsical.
Now that this strange overlay has been discovered, we read, "there is an eagerness among many people to see moonrises from the mounds the way the Indians did, a desire that has caused a conflict with the golf club."
This is a great month for bead making. It's fun to make hearts. So coming out of my kiln this past few weeks have been many hearts. Florals, stitched, plain colors, shards, frits, just all kinds of melted glass shaped in the flame.
2. Patton Oswalt, Young Adult – I’ve always found Patton Oswalt amusing if not downright hilarious, but I never really had him pegged as a stand-up who’d successfully maneuver the transition to acting. I was wrong. So fucking wrong. In Young Adult he plays the victim of a senseless crime who has been avoiding life behind a mask of cynicism. When a woman from his past shows up, he goes against his better judgment and sacrifices the detachment that’s been keeping him safe all these years.
WRMBTP-warning reflex might be to punch
Actually – one last little factoid – according to previous calculations.. and if you are as slow of a reader as I am then approximately 8,942,000 people have clicked the search button on Google in the time that it took for you to read this. Thank you for your time!
I am waiting for another sum of money I also believe I am owed that would make all the difference longer term but which those who are holding pretend does not exist. They, the holders of this other sum, are standing in the middle of the room with their fingers in their ears and their eyes screwed tight, chanting, 'I can't see you. I can't hear you. You don't exist,' over and over. I have invested some of the first sum in a manufacturer of darts and am throwing examples of their produce at the chanters with increasing accuracy.
That’s why I encourage them to get to know Him. Perhaps with a sentence like “kids I’m doing my best to love you and help you grow, but some stuff is beyond my expertise and only your heavenly father is going to be able to fill in the gaps I can’t fill”.
To add to the chaos, Wisconsin state senate democrats snuck out the back door, boarded a chartered bus and are currently holed up in a Best Western in Illinois. Seriously, I kid you not. I sure hope they aren't using their state credit cards for this little...junket. Cowards. Meanwhile, back in Madison, the grownups republicans were unable to make a quorum to vote on the budget due to a complete lack of democrats and so were forced to go home.
“This modus operandi is quite clear to a seasoned viewer – and frankly is quite suspicious. To be honest I’m surprised we didn’t twig his involvement earlier”
So I brought in a few things. I found this really cool skinny table that fits along one side just above the toilet paper dispenser. I have to fill the dispenser myself since I leave the stall door in ‘occupied’ mode and climb out under the door, but that’s another story. I found an electrical and network outlet by popping one of the ceiling panels and dropping into one of the other rooms. There was some leftover panduit in the ceiling too, so I just set up all my cables in this beige track and no one seems to bother it. I put a bar stool over the toilet, and use that to sit on. My laptop is on the table, along with an old gray Bostitch stapler that used to belong to my mom when she was a school teacher, cup for pens and pencils; I use my cell phone so I don’t need an office phone. I have a small lamp I use if anyone turns off the lights. I’m all set.
3. People are funny: If I had a dime for everyone that told me that would be there, I could have made a small fortune. I was worried that the room was too small. We still had a decent turn out but (you know me and my crazy ambition) I was hoping for twice or thrice that!
& he's got scoliosis in his upper spine...like his daddy :)
I served these on 100% whole wheat buns (though they are great without buns too) on sale for $1.69/pkg of eight, of which we ate five, and with spinach, red onion, cucumber and tomato form the garden for topping. On the side we had some Alexia all natural sweet potato fries, which were $2 a bag after a sale and my $1 off coupon, which you can find on Alexia's website. We will eat about 3/4 of the bag, so combined with the remaining half of the large bag of broccoli I got for $2 at the farmers market, that puts us at $8.38 for a hardy and filling yet healthful meal for five of us, less than a similar meal for one person would cost in a restaurant!
Lips melded, tongues caressed; time stood still. Her breath was his, and his, hers; the kiss spun out and on, the tension set by a knowing hand. Eight years had gone by since last he'd kissed her, high on the moor with the sun warm upon them. He'd learned a lot since then; there was real expertise and a wealth of experience behind each artful caress, each seductive moment. The temptation to taste his wildness again, to match it against hers, grew with every heartbeat.
(I’m obsessed with IKEA.)
Location independent? What the hell is that?
The luxury brands hope many will buy, either because they don't have to worry about price, or because they desire it and will sacrifice. I'd only say, be wary about things perceived as trophies. (What exactly do we win?)
Med Rose Corner
Meanwhile, looking at the potential and growth prospects of e-retailing especially in the fashion and lifestyle space in India, Pearl Academy of Fashion is also offering a Fashion and Lifestyle Ecommerce Professional Diploma. The institute has tied up with key industry players to develop a curriculum, industry engagement program, internships, live projects and employment opportunities. The course has been developed in consultation with IEDE Spain and empowered by Adobe professional online digital marketing training. The IEDE Spain tie up will help students get international exposure and professional mentoring if they want to set up an e-venture of their own.
who called Sanchez “the best singer in America right now.”
showed him how the tool tote looks now.
Most teachers also include a photocopy of the book so the younger kids actually know what they're signing up for. :) On the day of the swap, the teachers are to read the chosen book and possibly do an activity to fill up the 20 minutes. This can be somewhat challenging considering we are entertaining a group of students varying in ages from kindergarten - 6th grade, but regardless it is always fun.
Meaning what do you do? What’s your specialty? What can you tell the world about?
He singled out the marginal seat of Hulu Selangor as experiencing an increase of 17,000 voters, or a whopping 27.1 per cent since the March 2008 general election.
The other day, I was asked what kinds of things were important to me and what kinds of things I was looking forward to.
What price double jeopardy? don't depend on it if you are white and your government, together with their lick spittle media servants, have an agenda to promote.
Will Goldstein donate any piece of the settlement to DDDB? I asked but didn't get an answer, so we'll see. That may depend on what exactly DDDB becomes, which is unresolved.
Breaking Beautiful is perfectly named as we see what Allie could be through Blake and Andrew's eyes and it is beautiful but we also see how broken Allie is. Deeply emotional with a satisfying slow relationship that burns hot like embers, Breaking Beautiful is damn near perfect. Dealing with such a tough issue could allow this book to be swallowed in grief but it chooses to show that even the broken can heal into something beautiful once again.
With its heavy origins within transaction as well as conformity providers, Merrill Corporation has a social, organization-wide discipline in the administration as well as digesting of confidential content. Merrill DataSite may be the very first VDR supplier to understand customer and industry needs through generating a good ISO/IEC 27001:2005 certification of enrollment the highest regular for information security and is cheap swtor credits currently the mobile phone industry’s only VDR certified for procedures in the usa, Asia and europe. Merrill DataSites ISO certification is swtor credits available for review from world wide web.datasite.com/security.htm.
The Question (below) and Mr. A (below The Question) appeared in 1967 although in different comicbooks: The Question in Blue Beetle #1 while Mr. A in Witzend # 3.
"There's a dog following my cabin around!" she said. "Can you come help?"
If you're a fan of helpful kitchen gadgets, a dehydrator and mandolin can both be useful for snack-making. The mandolin can cut perfect, thin slices of fruits and vegetables. Once dehydrated, you have your own naturally sweet chips!
8. Third World Man
* We have a chapter out of Johnny Liberty’s book, if you are interested in complete documentation. Also, Devvy Kidd has a book, Why a Bankrupt America?
It’d probably be about time for a legit television and maybe real cable and high-speed internet and new laptops and a real DVD/VCR and maybe a PS3 and all of that fancy-schmancy stuff. Heck, maybe even new cell phones, perhaps even smartphones. What up?!
So I had to call him this morning on my way to work (at 10am- I don’t call people at like, 7am) and he answered sounding happy to hear from me. I apologized for breaking my rules (to which he said rules are meant to be broken and I said definitely not this one!). We laughed about my first text and how I not only sent one text telling him I wanted to have sex with him, but two. We talked about his dad some more and how they’re making a decision today about what to do. He told me to call him later and then realized I’d be at work and told me to text him.
What a skein this is of tangled loyalties and hatreds, of secret goings-on in the heather, of rebellion and politics, of a murder where the whole countryside knew straight away who’d done it, but wouldn’t - or dared not - say; of a ghost’s evidence, and of poor, foolish Sergeant Davies in the middle of the Highlands, four years after the ’45, behaving as though it was an adventure playground through which he could strut in his finery and shoot at stags... What a lesson for more recent times too, in places where foreign troops attempt to patrol wartorn countrysides riven by conflicting loyalties and fears.
13.VOID "Authority (takes 1 and 2)"
We can continue to do our best to share how important is Dharma learning, if you do not take the 1st step to learn, listen to the sutra… Nobody can help you except YOURSELF!
B-KC Kiki Cuyler-$4
#1. Birchbox Gift subscription
The vada balls will get soaked in the curry and absorb the curry...
I’ve been extremely busy with my career the last few weeks; meeting with clients, travelling loads and hand delivering gifts and packages. It’s been such an amazing and productive month that said when the weekend rolls around I like to reward myself with gifts and drinks!
Why have a platonic relationship?
4. Get Plenty of Rest and Bring Tylenol: It is imperative to get plenty of rest before and after a hike. You may not realize it, but a hike takes a toll out of your body especially a strenuous rated one. Upper Yosemite Falls is 7.2 miles and takes 6-8 hours to complete. Last summer when I was hiking up it took me 3 tedious hours to get to the top. I was relieved that going down would be a lot easier; however, it took me 3 hours to get back down. Upper Yosemite Falls have hundreds of switchbacks making it very hard on the knees. So, bring Tylenol, it will help with the inflammation at the end of the day.
Not this year. Mr. Clement, the Prince of Darkness, specifically directed departments to exclude the budget cuts, even though they have been known for more than a month.
As for this ‘ conscience’ nonsense that they try to bring up, I feel about it, the same way I feel whenever I read a story about a pharmacist, who has found religion, and refuses to fill a prescription – almost always BIRTH CONTROL-…
Comments/Context: If you only take a passing glance at the installation shots at right, you might think Jessica Labatte's photographs are merely decorative, in a colorfully angular and pleasingly abstract way. But what is hard to see in these images (and is really only evident when you stand in the gallery) is that these works are elaborately and meticulously constructed environments made of shards of mirror, which are reflecting colored lights being projected on paper in the surrounding installation. They are actually three-dimensional studio arrangements, which are then flattened by the camera into two-dimensional compositions.
Ulee’s Gold (Sam Gowan and Peter Saraf, producers)
20.Slovenia 13
Interesting info from an ITN News report on a late February 260 dolphin die-off along the Chiclayo shore of Peru:
This must have been the me Childa saw through. I was weak after all. Do I really need to call out Lynda and tell her it was time for us to finally go for a DNA test or, do I go to Childa or, do I continue to pay the boy’s bills without giving any thoughts to anything anyway?
Dogs love this toy because it keeps on squeaking and squeaking, even after the squeakers are punctured. And dog owners love it because it's made to last—Invincible Gecko contains no stuffing, only fun noisemakers. It's tough, it's engaging, and it's a customer favorite.
We view this contrast with the two thieves on their crosses in Luke 23:39-40. “And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If thou be the Christ, save thyself and us. But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Dost thou not fear God, seeing thou art in the same condemnation?” The first thought only of himself and the present physical life. The other looked ahead and was given the assurance that he would be with the Lord in paradise.
A world where nothing really went wrong... A world where there's nothing left to fix and everything is find and dandy all the time. It gets old. Boring.
Choose a color from your tube and activate your SWAK wordart layer
What kind of music do you like?
What if someone shot my son through his chest and the police just let him walk away?
I am home alone this weekend, Sorin is off to Princeton Festival while I have something special happening tomorrow night (I'll write about it Sunday, please hold your thumbs for me that I won't make a fool of myself). And if you are in Boston, please come to Saturday's Tango Paradiso and give me a hug of encouragement around 11:45-ish...
Now that I have decided to follow the ‘blog me MAYbe’ schedule I need to ask all my loyal followers about themselves. Obviously this goes against the grain as mostly my posts are all about me me me! So where do I start?
Beneath all the junk tourist shops, the dive bars and restaurants, the slain ducks and other fowl hanging in shop windows, the Buddhist temples and the news stands, there’s something other-worldly about Chinatown, a certain something that Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson noted when he spent many hours in San Francisco’s Chinatown — Portsmouth Square, to be exact, where a memorial to the writer was installed shortly after his death — during his visit to the city in 1879-1880:
As much as I LOVE fall and Thanksgiving, I dive right into the Christmas spirit the second I wake up the day after Thanksgiving (though I don't go seeking that spirit among crazed, bargain seeking, sale shoppers. . . if you know what I mean).
As a CAMRA member and long-standing member of the notoriously thirsty show-business fraternity - I certainly know my ale! I'm also an ardent fan of the lost art of no-nonsense straight talk, so I'm hoping that over the course of my potentially merry - and potentially lethal - journey I'll be able to paint a fairly useful picture of the various bottled gems on our supermarket shelves, as well as the shelves of our more specialist boutique-type establishments, and the wondrously exotic shelves of our beer-gulping global neighbours.
In fact, that’s precisely why scientists think gliding behavior evolved in certain ant species. For about half the year the Amazon rainforest floor is flooded and full of hungry fish – not the best place for an ant to work on his backstroke. Also, somewhat hilariously, gliding ants may from time to time purposely jump off of trees to avoid predators. Unlike Alicia Silverstone in Aerosmith’s “Crying” video, they don’t need ropes, AND they don’t even flip off their boyfriends when they land. In fact, instead of plummeting to their doom, they simply glide back to the tree a little ways down the trunk. Pretty ingenious!
The nursery is gender-neutral, because they don't know the gender of the baby who will make it's way here in April. My client still has some artwork to finish for the walls, but isn't the nursery cute?! I love the mint green walls, and the cute shelves with wallpaper behind them. I also adore the globe collection!
depending on wether you celebrate Christmas
I have read a great deal post-apocalypse dystopian fiction. It seems to be becoming it’s own sub-genre, but there are far fewer novels that deal with the moment of collapse itself (that don’t involve zombies!). James Smythe has conceived a believable near-future, and then imagined a way to destroy it. Whilst not perfect, the result is a scary, credible and thought-provoking read. He also employs one of the boldest literary devices I have encountered for a while.
There isn't really anything you can do to prepare for being miserable, except make sure your comforts are close at hand. Had I known that we would all be inflicted with such a nasty bug, and imprisoned in the house for so many days, I would have rented a pile of movies, bought myself some mangoes, and cough medicine.
Come on now. How the hell hard is it to type out the words “by the way”?
"I know," I said.
I then invoke the name of the goddess who rules the universe:
In the first week of July we went to meetings at four publishing houses. They were very welcoming – there was tea, cake and me trying really, really hard not to look as excited as I felt. I met roomfuls of people, and often they’d done something Jubilee-themed; there was a sparkly Union Jack cake at one, a table set out for a street party at another and at Weidenfeld & Nicolson there was homemade bunting up in the office. The editors started bidding straight after the meetings; Jo rang me after she’d received the first offer and said: ‘You will now definitely be published’; that counts as one of the best moments of my life (along with getting married, having my babies and Thatcher resigning).
Let me quickly add that I am not bashing CP. The International Mission Board and everything else we do as Southern Baptists would cease were it not for this amazing program of cooperative support. The IMB gets as much as all other SBC entities combined; a lot is being said about how much is kept by state conventions, but we receive more CP than dozens of states combined. So, please don’t construe anything I say as criticism of CP as I suggest in subsequent posts a new approach to “doing more together” to fulfill the Great Commission
Selby: Hi Mama! Welcome home!
getting started thing............I am still thinking in my mind
02 Temple Of The Lord
Thank you again Jackie for stopping by and putting the fire under us to push ourselves harder, because dreams do come true - it just takes a lot of sweat, determination, talent, patience, and hard labor!
Lots of smiles and giggles...
To find out how you can get this beautiful stamp for 50% off from May 14-May 20, check out the details at The House That Stamps Built, the blog!
I hope you all enjoyed your saturday and will also enjoy your sunday!
It's hard to go past the El hot dog though, a monster of a grilled pork frankfurt cloaked in a cloud of finely grated queso fresca cheese. The fresh cheese is amazing -- fairy-like strings that melt at first contact on the tongue, draped over frankfurt, spicy jalapenos, pico de gallo salsa and, oh yes, more lashings of mayonnaise.
1 gears
Food is frying and
She got into the position requested, bending one knee.
How did he do you wonder? In six weeks he lost 15 pounds and in three months he lost a total of 36 pounds. His cholesterol was normal, blood sugar normal, weight normal, sleep apnea gone – his diseases reversed by just making healthier dietary choices with the encouragement from and under the supervision of his physician. His body had begun the self-healing process, and he no longer had to get started on medications. With the weight loss, his knees no longer hurt, and he was able to resume running – something he hadn’t done for some time.
Pattern: Butterick 4827, size 14 (2011)
I ended up printing my name cards at Office 2000 where one of my friends recommended. I first went to Adorama in Kemang. They use Photoshop to design and the person who was helping me only had very basic techniques which didn’t allow me to do much and it was way too technical for me to help him, so I gave up. I saw a lot of professional card samples at Adorama, so I think Adorama might be a better fit for printing business cards rather than personal cards.
Welcome! I'm not really open for visitors yet but you are welcome to peep through the windows and perhaps sit with me on the verandah while I take a break from intense building and decoration in my new holiday home. The builders will be here properly very soon and it will look sparkly.
“It was not so long ago that the city was competing only with Singapore.”
One of the cheeses that showed up at the gathering was Tete de Moine. This was a cheese I had never tried, or even seen before.
Even if nothing happens with Pittsburgh tonight, there are enough cool things going on tonight to keep football nerds moist. For one thing, where does Tim Tebow get drafted? The dude is a Heisman Trophy winning quarterback, college football champ and a young man of exemplary character. He is also a complete enigma because nobody has a clue if his unique set of skills will work within the confines of the pro game. It’s gonna be very interesting to see what team rolls the dice and drafts Tebow.
Higher BMI = higher disease risk
Add onion and garlic, and cook til translucent.
MARK MIRABELLO
Add to this, as I mentioned above, the endless cycle of Nature’s little bag of tricks--persistent drought followed by violent flooding, a plethora of animals, reptiles and insects so dangerous that life is already cheap before Man starts playing his little reindeer games with his fellow Man--and what you are left with is: catastrophe.
No really this is, the ten best drama shows of the last decade. If you’re looking for something to watch, check the list to see if there is anything you haven’t seen.
So it’s already November that’s really crazy. It’s been over a year since
We can also reduce inflated formulaic phrases to one word:
I find it more difficult to deadhead flowers or squash an unwanted bug with gloved fingers.
ValueVision Media, aka ShopNBC, posted a whopping 15 percent increases in its first-quarter net sales, to $143.5 million from $125 million, the home shopping network reported Wednesday.
You guys (and two ladies) should see them! They are awesome! Joey Votto is there. His pose is iconic, I kid you not. Starlin Castro was included, looking all young and what not. Can you go wrong with a Joe Mauer card!? Look at it! Oh, right.
Tools and Requirements
If you get the chance to listen to this, I wish for you to stop what you are doing, find a nice comfortable chair, recline in it, close your eyes and allow its cloud to float you away.
But even after that we had suffered before, and were shamefully entreated, as ye know, at Philippi, we were bold in our God to speak unto you the gospel of God with much contention.
Sat 11/8 Worcester, MA The Palladium
Jog Strollers
4. Get busy, busy, busy outside work. Take up a new hobby like cooking lessons or something you’re interested in. Idle minds tend to ‘research’ more than busy ones.
to find ourselves almost alone in the gardens and vaulted walkways of the Palais Royal... and that is an extraordinary treat in a metropolis like Paris... quiet, room to move and architectural visuals to make even the most hardened traveller teary... a part of Paris not to be missed... especially in winter. It might be bare and seemingly abandoned, but that was the beauty... to have it all to ourselves... to treasure this intimacy... Whether you crave sublime scent, serious fashion, Michelin starred cuisine or just a moment to respirer... Le Palais Royal would be my choice... xv
I created a bezel and bail for it using delicas then added the teeny lampie toadstools to the bottom. I made a simple spiral rope to go with it and was really pleased with how it turned out. I've got a few more of Fiona's buttons still to play with so expect some more pics soon.
Lawrence was born in 1861, when Gabriel Read found gold in what is now Gabriels Gully, the first gold to be discovered in Central. Miners flocked here from America and Australia and the Rush began. The town celebrated it's 150th anniversary last year and is so pretty with hanging baskets and tubs of flowers everywhere. There is a decent smattering of cafes (with proper coffee!) and a couple of restaurants, a bistro bar, and a pub, and some interesting shops including art galleries, homewares, collectables and retro furniture, a plant nursery, farm supply store, hardware store, and a chemist which most amusingly is not named in the American vernacular as "Something Pharmacy" but called, instead, The Medicine Depot!
from behind their maker’s skirts,
All to Him I freely give;
2) Fry for few minutes until slightly brown.
Please email me through the sidebar for your prize details.
We'll probably be heading home late this evening. Mike will be going home soon to be with the girls and will come back and get me after they go to bed tonight. Until then, I'm going to enjoy the peace and quiet.
Belly #1
and don't have to crank, pull, tinker or adjust.
Round 5: Knit
For Garnish: Make chocolate curls or sprinkles.
BUT... as long as you & I DO NOT give up or give in, please believe in the knowledge that you & I WILL find a way to continue on.
I grew up in a house full of books. Because my brother and I read so fast my frugal parents (who were both teachers) thought it a waste to buy books for us and told us to go and get a library card. We duly did what we were told. It was the start of a love affair with books, bookshops and libraries that has lasted 30 years. Last night I told my partner that if a bushfire came up the mountain, I would leave everything except my beloved books. Books are the one thing you should always save.
361Condemn'd whole years in absence to deplore,
Public have their say on how criminals payback
Big Brother is getting so big!! He is 28 months old, and he is the best big brother in the world. Whenever he walks into a room and finds "baby sister," he tenses his shoulders up, lets out a squeal, and shouts out her name. Her face always lights up when she sees him too. She is definitely very smiley!
When I last left off, I was just describing the aches we had while away from our home. I was staying at my cousin and her husband's place while my parents were at a hotel, and my sister was staying with her boyfriend.
Here's a bit of upbeat, minimal techno. Yes I know minimal techno is not renowned for being upbeat. But Hendrik Weber doesn't really conform to the rules. I'm not sure if Welt Am Draht was inspired by the Fassbinder film of the same title; not having seen the film or even knowing of it's existence until I just googled the phrase, in translation it is World on a Wire by the way.
were so soft touching her body
"What is this?" I explained to him my clever little plan.
The cop brandishes the baton. Jae digs the keys out of a pocket.
“Fake it to make it” Have you ever heard this? What does it mean? Depending on the situation it means that you act as if until you figure out what “if” is. In this case it meant that even when I did not feel like it I would put on a smile and maintain a positive attitude until it got to the point that it happened naturally for me. I still use what I have learned about keeping my positive attitude to try and influence those around me to do the same. This is important in all sales setting as your attitude will always affect your buyers and their state of mind.
Let me know if you’re read it and what you thought.
“No,” cries the other. “There is no God but Allah, and Mohammed is his prophet! Honour him and you will be spared his wrath!”
The Year Without Michael was my second book to win the South Carolina Young Readers Award (About David was my first). It was my only book to be optioned for an After School Special. A Tony Award winning playwright was hired to do the adaptation, but it never got made (an episodic book about a family with a missing child didn't really lend itself to an hour long format for kids).
A juicy fat worm for the nest maker.
Drain any water from the tofu by pressing it between paper towels,placing a heavy plate on top.
I’m fine with that kind of life.
Oats have become my friend, steel cut oats in particular as I like their chewy texture as opposed to the mushiness to their rolled cousins. I also love to add a tablespoon of flax (note: it must be ground or else the flax seed will pass undigested and all health benefits wasted!), chia or hemp seeds for and extra nutrient and fibre kick.
“These students are in rebellion Comrade Xiaoping. They have attacked Xinhua gate. We’ve got to do something right away”
The cool kids were definitely in attendance -- brewers, publicans, and others of us in the biz -- but they were by far out-numbered by the general populace: I ran into my kids' elementary school music teacher (and her husband and two toddlers). There were still plenty of very well-behaved kids this year.
But if they're only working 23-25 hours a week, how can that be a living wage? Moreover, no one said anything about benefits. Presumably, when Forest City Ratner reps begin making presentations next week at area community boards (Monday at CB6, Tuesday at CB2, etc.), more details will emerge.
It's no secret that I haven't been entirely satisfied with the layout of our living room. The open layout of our main floor - which I love and plan to open up even more when we reno our kitchen - is a bit of a design challenge, especially with two focal points (tv and fireplace). I initially confined the "living room" to the area around the fireplace, creating a dead space behind the couch that I started to turn into a work area.
I had to know. So I waited as the link turned to YouTube and I was mesmerized by the blinking asterisk of death in the lower right hand corner of my phone. As YouTube opened up, I dropped my shoulders and began to pout. The first thing I thought was, “Nevermind, I’ll just watch it later on my laptop,” which I knew would never happen. I looked over at my happy child swinging Uranus by a string and making whoosh whoosh sounds and something in me decided to go ahead and wait for the video to load. With no time to grab a sandwich, the video loaded! I found this odd. Now, if you click on that link above, the one that R.L. Stine tempted the Twitter world with, you’ll be taken to an interview between Mr. Stine himself and a gentleman by the name of George Kareman. I thought the interview was hilarious, but I have a disturbed sense of humor so you’ll have to decide for yourself.
However, my daughter, step-son and husband just love blocks. Princess loves her pink Mega Bloks.
The concubine rarely saw her lover, but on the second occasion that she did she became pregnant. The daughter, Jung Chang's mother, was given a name (in earlier generations some daughters had just been allotted numbers ('number three daughter') meaning Wild Swan. It was a strange life of isolation and comfort. She was constantly on tenterhooks because servants were spies, quite happy to report transgressions to the warlord master in order to ingratiate themselves. Since these might be invented and the punishment for even some trivial-sounding crimes was death.
I have been known to spill a glass or 25 of wine in my lifetime.
pulled me aside an let me
When asked where he thinks Del Norte Brewing will be in 5 years, Jack said he thinks they’ll be in a new facility, with a greater brewing capacity, distributing their beer not only throughout Colorado but also around the Southwest (west Texas to southern California, specifically). Jack thinks Del Norte will still be producing their flagship beers Orale and Manana, a couple of seasonal beers, and other beers that reflect the variety of beers available throughout Mexico. Jack finished his answer to this question by predicting they’ll still be having fun, and who’s going to argue with a prediction like that?
is like a flame of fire.
2) part of how they relate to authority. It could be they're fearful (naturally or because of how they've been raised) and feel comfortable having someone else set the boundaries. Or rules feel like love to them.
But just like Sam 'Momo' Giancana, John 'Teflon Don' Gotti, and other racketeers before him Malik began to get cocky; he became reckless with regard to law enforcement agencies, careless in his personal conduct, and tyrannical towards his own people. To the point where some from within his own crew turned against him. This gave the media and the Feds the chance they'd been waiting for, and it became increasingly difficult for Capo di tutti capi, 'Catatonic' Carwyn Jones, to protect his underling any longer. The only question now was whether Malik would end up in Swansea Bay sporting a concrete overcoat, or if Labour would cut a deal with the Feds; 'You can have Malik, but the enquiries stop there - capice?'
811120 Automotive body, paint, interior, & glass repair
"Hey buddy; are you even going anywhere or do you just like to drive back and forth all night?"
Thus, even in 2012, the Indian law is unclear on whether it should grant immunity to intermediaries for copyright infringement claims. This is in complete contradistinction to the position in the United States. The Second Circuit (which is an appellate court) left no ambiguities when it made clear that the DMCA safe harbour provisions would be available to Youtube for both direct infringement (also known as 'primary infringement') as well as secondary infringement. American law seems to be taking a more progressive approach, whilst trying to define the exact contours of such immunity. Why is this important? Because the Indian MySpace decision holds the intermediary liable for primary copyright infringement under S.51(a)(ii) of the Indian Copyright Act. This is something that needs to be made explicit in the next version of the Intermediary guidelines to clarify the Indian law or in its absence, the sitting judges should appreciate this point in their next ruling on this issue.
Cause I just know........ That it probably won't turn out good the 1st attempt. And from everything I've read from various blogging bakers or baking bloggers (whichever y'all prefer) that it Will take a FEW trial & errors to get it the way you want it, ie: Looking GOOD!
Heat a pan on medium to high heat with about 3/4 to 1" of oil covering the bottom of the pan. Moisten the pork cubes with water, then toss with the coating mix in a large plastic bag. Add the pork to the heated oil and let cook through, turning to get both sides golden brown. Once cooked, remove and let drain on a paper towel.
Happy 2011, y'all! Stay tuned for a nursery tour later this week.
Thank you all for following along and welcome to "The Vintage Inspired Home".~
Did I say 2 mice ran into us during our discussion? Okay, they backed off as if saying sorry for interruption but its already 4:30pm. Nevertheless, interesting statistics: Government of Pakistan has so far spent Rs. 50 Million to clean sweep mouse population from the vicinity of Parliament house and Secretariat. The black fat creatures still rule.
There are two legends about the origins of the festival:
Trace onto the face of the enemy the greed,
Nobody could figure out why that had happened.
Yes, an Olympic gold medal in basketball is a long shot, and of course there’s this chance that the team shall fail in their quest. But if I think that we should just look at this situation this way, yes me may not win any medals in the coming Olympic games, but if we do get a spot at the basketball event wouldn’t that be great? After many years of missing the basketball action in the Olympics, a spot is just what we might need to bolster our programs and we can work on that on the years to come. A spot would do wonders for our team, it will bring confidence not only to the players but also to the fans that are all thirsty for glory. So we can’t stop dreaming, we can’t stop chasing the Olympic dream. Not right now.
Some people found the eco undertones too scolding. But the question of what happens to trash is a big part of young education so was understood surprisingly by my cousins, the undertones did stay undertones though and never overshadowing the endlessly renewable entertainment of WALL-E’s plucky protagonist & carefully, comically choreographed physical humor. I have never enjoyed a movie which is mainly without speech but this was done very well.
Bitter by Henrietta Lovell, founder of the Rare Tea Company;
The Plankton has had a lot of 'helpful' comments about getting a dog, or joining a class or going to therapy to boost her self-esteem, all of which is as dispiriting as it is well-meant. On behalf of all fortysomething women, I'd like to say, we're not dead yet - you can't stare the second half of your life in the face and feel like you've missed the boat, and none of us is ready for Saga magazine style activities. Mind you, when you do stare the second half of your life in the face, it takes you a moment to recognise whose face it is - in your head you still look just like you did at thirty, but the reality is the tiniest bit different.
My radio crackles, and then Sam’s voice comes over the radio, “Sam here, that would be the scouts returning, Randy and Sutton.”
Reaching the top, I cross paths with the grannies again. One performing her bows while another prepares to do so. She is caught in her backpack and I help her out of the tangle. Seokguram, I must say, is magnificent. Wholly beautiful. We stay inside the statue's housing for a time, then head out into the dark. I want to stay. I want to descent to a warm tent and stay until sunrise.
But for those of you that have ever dreamed of movie making. That have sat up until 3am writing a screenplay that, despite your hopes and dreams, you knew deep in your core would be hidden away in your draw… you know what this means. For those of you that got up at the crack of dawn and stood, cold and cramped, under a broken umbrella… you know what this means. For those of you that just work and work and work. And listened to hundred “not for me’s”. You know what this means.
His death on the Cross, descended to the Limbo of the Fathers, Purgatory, and Hell. In the Limbo of the Fathers, He preached to the patriarchs, prophets, and holy people that had died before Heaven was opened by His death (1 Peter 4:6). Included among these people was Adam and Eve. What many people are not taught is that the exact place of Jesus' Crucifixion on Mt. Calvary is exactly above the spot where the first Adam was interred. The Body of the New Adam (Jesus) covered that of the Old Adam! Jesus also went to Purgatory and gazed upon Hell.
The sun coming up,
YDS: What are the consequences, (if any) for students that did participate in this protest?
I found a cute tin at Hobby Lobby and decided I had to fill it with something yummy (and cherry, of course). I found an intriguing recipe for Chocolate Cherry Biscotti. (I pinned it of course!)
As of today, Eslea still is not sitting unsupported.
In the morning, especially during cold mornings, I go to McDonalds or Jack in the Box and buy a couple of breakfast meals. Hot coffee and some breakfast sandwiches. Then I seek out these people standing in the cold and give them what I just bought.
Happy Sunday, fellow crafters! Today I'm bringing you some TSG goodness, from the November release. I fell for the Season's Greetings set as soon as I saw it, and I can tell you that it's worth every cent (as is every single stamp set in the new release!)
Here are some more pictures of fun that we had throughout the year. Enjoy!
I've been informed that my OU module materials will be sent out in mid December. I've read A Burial at Thebes now and didn't enjoy it as much as Doctor Faustus. I've also read a few of the stories in the anthology and one poem in the poetry book. I don't really do poetry so I'm not looking forward to that in the course. All I can do now is wait until the materials come through, and wait again for the start of the course in February. I knew I should have signed up for October!! Unfortunately I just missed the sign up deadline.
is the form of vision, the incredible delight of being seen by the Invisible, as John the Cross expresses in commentary on this line: “For though of myself I am dark, he so frequently fixed his eyes on me, after having looked at me the first time, that he was not satisfied until he had espoused me to himself and
Will you please do one or more of these things?
Ronald Reagan said that we must get rid of price controls on petroleum, so that there won't be a shortage in the first place. One of his first acts after becoming president was to end federal price controls. Lines at filling stations disappeared. Despite angry outcries from liberals that gas prices would skyrocket as Big Oil "gouged" the public, in reality prices came down within months and continued falling for years".
Cool moist intervals like the “Little Ice Age” between 500 and 300 years ago saw fewer burns.
The Church, in favor of the immigrationist lobby
We had to be quick 'cause Elsie felt sick
Those are my big goals for now. The main thing is I don't know where to start any of them. So if you have any advice on how to figure out what I want to study (which I have to know before I can write my Goddard application essay), or how to sell a house when you live in an entirely different part of the country, please let me know.
You are encouraged and welcome to grab this "party mouse" blog button (at the top of this post) for your blog sidebar, or just to put it in the header of your Party day post.
On some days, I didn’t think I would be able to make it. And on those days, my old friends, the coping mechanisms, were there for me.
from a soul place that is torn
These actions over of the last two years as well as the fight against cuts in education funding, the struggle of public workers, the young, the old and the disabled brought many forces together who would play a role in the OWS and the General Strike/Day of Action.
This is the book.
As part of my fifth birthday, I figured I'd put together a list of some of the posts I had the most fun with through the years. Nothing serious here mind you. This is a birthday party, and hey, nobody wants to read a post about the best dim sum place in 2008, no matter how artfully crafted I may be convinced it is. So here are some of the posts I enjoyed the most:
Skill Level: Beginner
Where’s Wally Now? by Martin Handford (Ages 5+)
Many of you were so clever with how you
Stand Out Dream Sequence: Cynthia is riding an elevator when suddenly all the lights start flickering, and the elevator starts to go crazy! Suddenly, amongst the people in the elevator Cynthia sees Harris the crazy religious nut, all burnt up and scarred!
So you may see if you but look
Preheat oven to 180C. Line two 12-hole (1/3-cup/80ml) muffin pans with paper cases.
At 16, the real party starts with popular singers of our guests who will delight us with their party songs specific to the area of ​​Maramures.
Jude laughs giddily.
Don Fortner, pastor of Grace Baptist Church, Danville Kentcky
There has been a lot of talk about not only Kuechly’s lack of ideal size for the position but also his ability to make plays sideline to sideline. There is no doubt that Kuechly may not possess very good burst or overall athleticism and quickness but there are things Kuechly does that make up for this. We have already discussed just how quickly Kuechly reads and diagnoses plays, as well as the fact that he doesn’t take too many miss or false steps. All of these things work in Kuechly’s favor as he is able to make up ground by sheer mental intellect and awareness. When watching Luke Kuechly you can see that he possesses a 2nd gear and can accelerate to the football. His top-end speed is nothing special but he does a great job of staying clean and flowing to the football by taking proper angles. There is very little to no hesitation in Kuechly’s game and once he deciphers a play, his read and react skills are fantastic and put him in a postion to make a play. Luke Kuechly’s change of direction and closing speed are just average, however he does an impeccable job of planting and driving to the football taking the most desired path to the ball-carrier. Again this skill appears to be second nature to Kuechly and more than makes up for his inability to wow you with his pure athleticism and range. Kuechly is a player that shows up and plays faster on tape than he will test at the NFL Combine and Pro-day. However, Kuechly is simply a football player who understands the game and has discovered the secret to playing faster than you really are.
The woman withdrew her arm and raised it, palm open to the heavens and in her movement, the man caught a whiff of dirty laundry and stared into the woman’s pale eyes.
We woke to a beautiful blanket of crystal white snow covering every inch of the landscape. What a fantastic sight! Can there be a more lovely place in the Whole World? Moving here was the best idea I've ever had. Shoveled for the first time in years and felt like a boy again. I did both our driveway and the sidewalks. This afternoon the snowplow came along and covered up the sidewalks and closed in the driveway, so I got to shovel again. What a perfect life.
Slice and serve with some vanilla ice cream or store in an air tight container.
Also you can see my currently available original paintings at Pop Gallery Orlando at Downtown Disney® at the Walt Disney World Resort® in person, or on their website here:
For the full story, see Moonshine is Alive and Well in Marshall County. Click on the "listen" button at the top of the article and you'll hear my croaky voice tripping over the inelegant line “…the moment that moonshine becomes legal, it stops to exist.”
When I talk mainstream culture I'm talkin music, politics, journalism, art, radio, movies... all expression. It's a culture of misrepresentation. None of the shit I see above ground has ever represented me my whole fuckin life. And even underground there are only flashes of truth I see. But I'm most offended when the machine tries to speak for me. It's an affront to my dignity. Makes me wanna scream. You can't keep taking from me! You can't keep faking the scene and it ain't all about how much bacon you bring. Liberal media my fuckin ass. It's been skewed to the right for so long the viewers can no longer think fast.
I never paused to see the beauty
She looks out for rot and decay
Wash vegetables and fruit in a bowl rather than under a running tap, then use the leftover water for watering house plants.
We knew our time was limited.
I don’t give a shit what you all want, what you all think you need because everyone else is doing it.
Please let me know or this may be a very very short return to the, um, airwaves?
Applicants must be 18 years and older.
Acer’s other two new tablets are the Acer Iconia Tab A500 and the premium Acer Iconia Tab A700, but it’s the cheaper Acer A200 that could cause the biggest stir among those searching for an affordable tablet.
BLIZZARD OF GLASS: THE HALIFAX EXPLOSION OF 1917, by Sally M. Walker (Henry Holt 2011)(ages 10+). In December 1917, the Belgian relief vessel Imo collided with the munitions carrier Mont-Blanc in Halifax Harbor. The resulting blast has been called the largest man-made explosion before the invention of the atomic bomb. Two towns were flattened and nearly 2000 people were killed. And the day after the accident, a blizzard dumped a foot of snow on the devastated area...
I have been hemming and hawing over what knitting to bring with me. I have 3 skeins for Jim's hand spun vest. Well half a skein is now the bottom 2 inches of that vest. Then the Aflame Sock needs to get finished. However it is very difficult to go so far for 5 days with only 2 items to knit. What if I finished them or a needle broke or I run out of yarn? sigh I discussed this with a laughing Jim. I do realize that I will get no, nada, zilch knitting done on the 7-8 hour drive in either direction (that's a lot of missed knitting time - sigh) as I am the driver and just can't figure out a way to knit and drive safely. Whatever happened to that rail highway idea for cars? Socks take me a minimum of 2 weeks. Jim's vest might go fast or not as Jim is large. OK so even if I wasn't socializing with my family, if I had 3 hours per day I probably wouldn't get it done. 2 projects should do it.
Green apple -1 diced
For the record, it’s good to be back working with my friend. We have a lot in common, we laugh, we share our feelings (which is unusual for the majority of guys to do, I understand that)… in short, he’s someone I consider to be family. Sure, we have some disagreement with what I would love to see him do with his bass guitar, and that’s OK. But the fact remains that we do work well together, and I’m confident that we’ll be able to show the world something they’ve never seen before when it comes to good music. Seriously, when has anyone seen a bass player pair with an electronic artist for live performances, and that’s the band you’re seeing? No lead guitarist, no drummer? Just a bass guitar, and the electronic artist who multi-tasks as everything else? I’ve never seen that done before, and the only bass-fronted band I can remember is Primus.
I've chosen two books where the authors have carried it off - and I speak as someone who has always liked best The Empire Strikes Back in the Star Wars films (original trilogy obviously) and preferred the Two Towers to the other two books and films in Lord of the Rings.
What are four countries you’ve learned more about as a result of studying for or taking current events quizzes, and what have you learned?
Hey everyone... Applebee's have done it again. They have added some new items to their menu that are Points Plus Friendly and Weight Watchers approved.. Yippee...
If you’ve taken part in FMM then you know the rules. If you’re new, please take a moment to answer this week’s question on your own blog then add your link in the comments section at: www.alltheweigh.com so we can all see your FMM questions and answers. Please invite your blog readers to add their links here too so everyone has to opportunity to be seen. The idea is to connect with other awesome bloggers so take a moment to post your own FMM post and comment on a couple of other posts. Now it’s time for this week’s topic!
Admittedly it would be ideal if you had unlimited stores of both money and knowledge but unfortunately that is what is referred to in the philosophy biz as a “dichotomy”. In other words; it is the fancy philosophical way of restating the law enacted by Sir Isaac Newton; namely that two bodies cannot occupy the same space at the same time. Obviously Sir Isaac and his girlfriend never went to a drive in theatre in an Austin Healy Sprite but that, as they used to intone in the old west, is a “horse of a different colour.”
It was Stokely Carmichael who popularized the concept of Black Power and who would be given the title of Honorary Prime Minister of the Black Panther Party, formed by Huey P. Newton and Bobby Seale in Oakland, California. Carmichael is shown in 1967 giving a speech to an almost exclusively white audience outlining the difference in how he saw his generation’s philosophy to that of Dr. Martin Luther King advocating nonviolence. “His major assumption was that if you were nonviolent, if you suffer, your opponent will see your suffering and will be moved to change his heart. That’s very good. He only made one fallacious assumption. In order for nonviolence to work, your opponent must have a conscience. The United States has none”. Carmichael is a compelling orator: persuasive, passionate, yet composed and witty.
i painted the back wall in chalkboard paint when we first moved in, and i still love it and use it for notes and drawings.
Pendragon: I think you did. Should I be suspicious?
Easier said than done, of course. I personally feel lucky to have found work that I truly love. But if you’re not happy, start working on figuring out why. There are endless resources, from career coaches to the old classic What Color is Your Parachute?
“The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery is also known as the Tomb of the Unknowns and has never been officially named. The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier holds the remains of an unidentified American soldier from World War I.
haha. I laughed and told him that she was pooping. He asked very firmly, "Can you PLEASE take her?" and I responded - "why don't we let her finish and then I will change her."
:: I've gotten some really lovely emails recently that I have been lax in replying to... I'm thinking about them though, and the people that sent them... I.will.reply.today.
01 Do It Again
Back to School Survival Kit
Try both versions and see which you prefer.
Me: VANESSA!!!
This book took me on a different path than most organization books I’ve read. The author has the reader look at the dwelling being lived in to honestly assess if that much space is needed before she has anyone go through all the stuff they’ve acquired over the years.
Centaur misbehavior was so well known it was actually immortalized on the metopes, the marble panels that adorned the Parthenon. At the wedding of the Lapith King Pirithoos (a close companion of Theseus), the centaurs who had been invited got drunk and tried to carry off the bride and other women. A huge battle ensued, and eventually the centaurs were defeated. Such depictions of fights with centaurs became so popular that they actually had their own name—“centauromachies” (literally, centaur fights).
Current City: Chicago, IL
Remember the commission I received, to create a collage of a vegetable patch............
I just realised the challenge is actually for a standard A6 size card - Ooops! - but you'll forgive me for that won't you?? :) You have to use the above colours and of course you can use others to compliment and you can colour your embellishments if you'd like (I did! LOL!!). There are $450 worth of prizes to be won so get your markers and start colouring!!! You have until 4 June to send your entries to ...
The death resulted in the suspension of Gurdaspur Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Varinder Pal Singh and Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) Manpreet Singh whereas Deputy Commissioner Mohinder Singh Kainth was transferred elsewhere.
In comparison to the manipulation of the CofP to resolve handling problems, the speed sensitive ride height control would be a more likely purpose of the stalling wing. Perhaps more importantly this would be a universal solution, one that other teams could legally adopt in preference to flexible splitters or excessive rear ride height to achieve lower front ride heights.
*Gulp*
Medium: Letraset Promarkers (in colour names) and Letraset Pantone Tria markers (in numbers):
All the sweet things I can find
With the included SimulStream® software, you can create additional streams from the same sources in different formats – encoded independently and simultaneously. This powerful tool enables you to stream in multiple resolutions, formats and bit rates – all at the same time.
"Runnin' Hot" - 5:12
Then it finally dawned on me.
Sorry to all my loyal Vowers with my little lull in posts (other than style posts which I've only just started to do a lot more of) but I'm experiencing a little slump at the moment with mummy matters, I've talked a little more about it here. So I'm taking a slightly easier route at the moment for me and taking a little more time out here and there.
Now I don't know about you guys with pets, but my experience with vets in my short life has been terrible. With my first dog when she was extremely sick at a young, they told us that she was going to die and that there was nothing we could do about it. They never gave us a reason. My dad changed diet from Kibble to regular Human food like grilled chicken, instant recovery after one day. She developed a allergy to the dog food. The second time, she had developed a tumor and had to go to surgery. They completely botched her stitching, it ripped and I really don't want to go into anymore details on that one. She survived, don't worry. Lived to a ripe age of thirteen before my mother killed her (took her out in 110 degree weather, got heat stroke and there was nothing we could do). Regardless with the dog this hurt and not recovering, we had to grit our teeth and ask a "professional" for a recommendation, and possibly meds.
the laughter, the joy.
So if there’s anything to be learned from this, don’t write yourself into a corner. Don’t have a god as a main character.
Here’s a “Get You Thru Thursday” picture, that pretty much sums up my first week in NYC!
As for Pakistan, it's going to remain the same violent, corrupt Islamist hell hole it always was, with the added attraction of a civil war between various Islamist groups as the army splits apart into factions, with Pakistan's nuclear arsenal as the grand prize for the winner. You see, when Pakistan's powers-that-be got into in bed with various terrorist groups like the Haqqanis and Lashkar-e-Taiba, they thought they were going to be using them. Instead, they've made them strong enough that the Army isn't going to be either unified enough or powerful enough to take them on.
Hello…Lionel Richie
Just before the mall closes, the guard distributes the numbers to the people.
Can’t you hear the sound
Which is be a sweet little year 1 girl. It was such a lovely day but something I totally underestimated was just how exhausted I'd be. Lugging around Elodie all day did not help and girlfriend is not getting any lighter. I haven't been this tired in a long time.
Back-Burner:
These Seminoles, the "real" Indians that the chief envied in a filial and loving way, were in fact the descendants of many displaced tribes from the Creek Confederacy. This swamp was not their ancestral home either, not by any stretch--they had been pushed further and further into the swamp by President Jackson's Tennessee boys and a company of scarecrows from Atlanta, a militia that was starved and half-crazed. We Bigtrees were an "indigenous species" of swamp dweller, according to the Chief and our catalogs, but it turned out that every human in the Ten Thousand Islands was a recent arrival.
While listening to the priest’s sermon about Christ’s resurrection as the foundation of our faith, Girlie would sometimes whisper questions to me: “Is he talking of historical or biblical truths?”
Many Circular Star designs are more commonly known as Mariner’s Compass blocks. They look very complicated but are actually quite simple to piece.
We're very notation-orientated, humans in the 21st century. Writing things down to pass useful knowledge from one generation to the next is central to the story of civilisation and it's why burning books is a taboo. The internet puts a whole new complexion on things again.
These purple shorts have been a fun addition to the mix, so much so that I find myself seriously contemplating the bright-pants trend that's burbling up this fall. Red skinny jeans? Me? Maybe.
That is all well and good, but what are the best sources of fish oil? Consuming large quantities of fish would be the logical choice, but knowing that many species contain high levels of mercury, doing so might actually cause further damage to the brain. For this reason, Omega-3 supplements are probably the best way to keep the body well-stocked with EPA and DHA.
and while you are there check out the fabulous inspiration from my lovely teammies and whether or not you were amongst the winners of the last challenge.
Block advocates a special diet (based on vegetarianism and macrobiotics), exercise, psychological support, and herbal and nutritional supplements. Block’s program has received acclaim for both treatment success and satisfaction of patients.
“There are two ways through life — the way of nature and the way of grace. You have to choose which one you’ll follow. Grace doesn’t try to please itself. Accepts being slighted, forgotten, disliked. Accepts insults and injuries. Nature only wants to please itself. Get others to please it too. Likes to lord it over them. To have its own way…”
The big question is, will this group have their own Tshirts printed up as well?
I look forward to seeing you all again and again on the campus! When the new batch walks in, we wish to have all our Alumni for the re-union sometime in October! I am sure I will see you all being there sharing your experiences and insights with the new batch.
- Stormtroopers cannot be expected to get ready in a hurry. I felt like I needed a numbered guide to know which pieces should go on when. It was a little trial and error to get everything on.
I am urging you to step in and protect Australia’s food supply and stop GM wheat being grown in Australia.
Apologies are owed to my correspondent who wrote me the following missive, which I meant to post last week but completely overlooked. He writes:
I am so far from perfect. I am not a perfect wife. I am not a perfect mother. I am not a perfect friend. I have some issues and I know it. I call it temporary OCD. I have a tendency to jump into things 110%, to the exclusion of all other things, and then, when things get a little mundane, or boring or repetitive, they either end, or I let them die out. And then I start looking for the next thing. I've done this about school, infertility, sewing, choosing a dog, reading, writing, church activities, my favorite children's choir, work projects. Some say that this is bad. I see it as continued growth. A willingness to embrace change and try something new.
Today’s reading featured four poets from Big Tent Poetry, one of my favorite online poetry websites. It was only recently that I discovered through the latest Voicecatcher newsletter, that Deb Scott, one of the three co-founders of Big Tent Poetry, lives right here in Portland. So of course that made this a must-see event for me. Joining Deb were Carolee Sherwood, another Big Tent co-founder, visiting from New York, and local poets Tiel Aisha Ansari and Dale Favier. The poetry was wonderful, the turnout great, and the venue was perfect. A morning of poetry– what better!
Mattison DR, Bogumil J, Chapin R, Hatch M, Hendrix A, Jarrell J, Labarbera A, Schrader S, Selevan S. Reproductive Toxicology of Pesticides. Chapter 6 in Advances in Modern Environmental Toxicology. Baker and Wilkinson, Princeton Scientific Publishers. 1990.
Title: PROMISE BRIDES
Whining is not cool. If you don't like something, change it! And if you cannot change it, well, let it be. After all, life goes on whether you're happy or not, and none of us will get out of this life alive, so, better enjoy the ride!
A paragliding friend of mine has a saying: "Negative Thoughts: Genital Warts".
10. Scotland had its own monarch until 1603. After Elizabeth I died, James VI of Scotland also became James I of England, ruling both countries henceforth.
Guess Betty hadn’t slept too well either. Her and Oregon were up at the crack of dawn and out on the lawn by mid-morning.
What book would you pass up, even if it was offered for free?
5 In ‘Street Fighting Man’, by Jenni Frazer, The Jewish Chronicle, 23rd November 2007
Tanya: You haven’t got any.
The sale price: €99.9m in cash. Equates to €476 psf. It is understood that part of these proceeds will be handed over to CIE, the original owner of the site.
It was known that nicotinamide adenine dinu-cleotide phosphate (NADPH) plays a role in the metabolic system producing the target substance. However, the prior art did not point out that NADPH is (one of) the limiting factor(s).
It’s your choice. And that’s the beauty of it.
And bombs bursting in air, and at night the vari-color’d rockets.
The chandelier with brown shades draws the eye upward. The zebra stool draws the eye downward. The lovely brown wall in between connect the two. Designers David DeMattei and Patrick Wade. House Beautiful. March 2008.
It’s strange how accustomed you get to the hours of the night. How you can eventually tell the subtle differences between 2 or 3, or 4, in the morning. By now it must be at least 5; because I have nothing left but to give up and let the numbness take over.
Lawyers often work with court reporters who upload the transcripts to the Mobile Transcript account. A court reporter pays for the Mobile Transcript app and provides this service to law firms and lawyers. The court reporter pays $29 per month for this application. While the court reporters upload the documents, a lawyer can view them on the go.
I punched the chevron with my now-open SU punch. Next I cut apart (I DID) my Hero Arts Happy Birthday stamp, and stamped the Happy on each petal in Memento black. The center was a mess of over-stamping which I fixed with a black button. I stamped the Birthday part of the sentiment on the banner, and wham, bam, thank you, ma'am -- I was done. Okay, I rounded the corners before assembly, then I was done.
-“ I can’t believe that she knows all the names of stars .
"She embodies beauty and grace and is a wonderful ambassador of equitation", Frida Giannini said and must have done so with confidence. Not least because she designed Charlotte's riding wardrobe in the past.
In the unlikely scenario there are actually any men reading this blog, this flexibility is something you really need to work on. And it wouldn't hurt some of you to learn how to cry once in awhile!
#8: Blog about this baby shower giveaway! Linking back to our blog... when you are done come here and comment below with the link to where we can see the post!
FG 1.015
Charlotte explained that A Wrinkle in Time was the book that almost did not get published, with publishers thinking it was "much too hard for children." On the contrary, explained Madelein's grand daughter, the book is too difficult for grownups!
Stay tuned to this blog and the official Star Blazers website for more news and information on SPACE BATTLESHIP YAMATO: 2199 as they develop — and soon, we'll be off to outer space, one more time!
Activist Attorneys
No dictators were crowned
First up, I baked some Banana Cupcakes with Nutella frosting (recipe was found here). With this recipe, I had a couple of issues (aside from the fact that the batter was very gooey and not pour-able), namely the fact that I hadn’t used my oven in over two years and ended up grilling the damn things! I’ll have to make them again to see how they are (all things equal), though the frosting (a little runnier than I like) was lovely!!
When I started this blog I had in mind that I would also run another which housed any posts not directly related to life in Nord Troms, so that this one could be very autobiographical. I wanted it to be a simple place my friends could visit to find out what my new life was like. However, I just don't spend enough time online to keep several blogs going, and as time goes by, and life here becomes more familiar, I often find myself wanting to branch out. So I'm going to relax my rules and let myself include other material now and again, so long as I think it is still in some way relevant. I hope this will make for interesting reading and also free me up to post here a bit more often.
When you've narrowed down your choices go back to the paint store for a few extra copies so you can give them to your vendors: florist, planner, baker, etc... and they can help you finalize your wedding's colors.
Step #1 may seem boring and not exciting at all. You may wonder why I even bring it up, since it really doesn't seem it has anything to do with decorating! Its....DECLUTTERING!
Peregrines also ‘discourage’ and drive out other birds of prey from the area, which would otherwise compete with them for food. In fact last year our pair in Nottingham were spotted chasing a red kite over the town centre.
What about some politicians who alienate the royal household by disrespecting protocol?
Shot, in their homes, in the middle of the night,
"I think of her every hour of every day," Emery said, adding he spends much of his time practising bass guitar and honing his skills as leader of Yazoo, an interracial rock band named after the prison’s rural hometown, known for its blues musicians.
Joe and I worked at different times for Simple Shoes. He was there before me designing sneakers…. I came in later (he had then moved on to design for Diesel) to drive a 33’ Airstream across country for the brand – a whole different story completely – and in the office we would find traces and doodles leftover from Joe all over the place…. in old files, on random bulletin boards, etc. They were always happy and inspiring surprises.
5.) My Grandmother Has Always Been A Christian - NOT EXACTLY, she does her
i decided to bring them home and make some cards with them.
And beat our watch, and rob our passengers;
Bringing it back to Mating in Captivity, where open and loving relationships are accompanied with dull sex lives, when we love someone, we feel responsible and secure. Responsibility and security clash with desire. So as the length of our relationship increases, we become closer to the individual, we have a greater sense of security, and we lose that animalistic sense of “throw down” that was such a large part of early sexual scripts in the relationship. As Perel puts it, “fire needs air, and many couples don’t leave enough air.”
General Manager, Mr. Juan Aquinde, CHA, consistently encourages his team members to step up their current level of sustainability practices, even in their personal lives. “There are a number of ways we can practice sustainability individually. It is as easy as being conscious of the waste that we create on a daily basis. Learning to recycle properly is a big step in the right direction. If we all work together, our small collective changes will realize a more positive outlook for our environment.” As a result of Mr. Aquinde’s direction, Hilton Los Angeles/Universal City was awarded the highly regarded Silver Level Certification in June 2011, proudly becoming the only Hilton hotel in California, and one of six Hilton hotels in the country, to attain this level of compliance.
Those who love travel, food and cooking, and romance will delight in Jenny Nelson's Georgia's Kitchen, and you can win your very own copy here simply by leaving a comment!
and I will get the house clean before we go, laundry done, dishes done, goody bags for the kids packed, new blankets made, family suitcases packed, dog packed, snacks packed, clean car. all of it. and I will thoroughly enjoy myself.
~It cost me about $230 total (and worth every penny). Shipped (fast) from the UK to Florida.
Wiseman, Richard. 2003. The Luck Factor. Miramax Books.
With the help of her alarm clock and timer she is able to work through the list of chores she is supposed to do every day. Her talking timer tells her to get herself to gym or else she’ll be comfortable in her pajamas for days in row (it is a possibility when you work from home). Thrice a week she drags herself to gym; workout comes second to doing a crossword puzzle in the sauna. She may forget the traffic signals when crossing the road but she definitely remembers clues to the puzzles, now that is called a blessing.
1 division
is an unclear form
Well, here's a rave review I didn't expect to be writing! In fact, I'm not even sure I'm going to make this into a 'real' review - how do you review a book that's been read by generations already and been discussed hundreds of times to boot? I think if I have to attempt that I might never post ANYTHING about it, so I thought I'd go for a rambly collection of thoughts instead. Better that nothing, right?!
There are two more chapters, but I don't know who narrates them. Not yet, anyway. Ezra has a restaurant he named the Homesick Restaurant. Cody moved as far from family as possible, taking along his wife Ruth and son Luke. That's how far I got before the library informed me they had my book on hold for me: The Beginner's Goodbye, Anne Tyler's 2012 novel. It's a new book, so I'm limited to seven days. I put aside one book and started the other. I was reading along and got to page 57, where I read this:
The epigraph to this book holds an important clue towards one of the themes of this series, that of religious parousia (or the Second Coming) and eschatology (or the belief in the "end times" of the world as we know it):
Mostly they lack that most valuable intellectual asset -- the one attribute that separates the inquisitive from the gullible -- skepticism.
Ok, so I am thinking the Saison II would be a great yeast for the petite saison, sans bugs, and the Ardennes/Frensh Saison strains would probably lend itself well to the bugs. However, I'm not really sure what bugs would be best used in each batch and with what yeasts. From my reading I know many old style saisons did develop brett and/or lacto character from extended aging and that is something I would definitely like to try to replicate.
Also I'm featuring some of my favorite blue things too! So be sure and link back here for Blue Monday, at; http://smilingsally.blogspot.com/
- Guda Bishnoi Lake is a man-made lake – an ideal place to have a picnic, observe nature and wild life
I thought I would give another snippet from The Rise of the Sponge Cake Moon for you all to ponder over. To coincide I am giving it away Free on Kindle today, so feel free to download and delete at your leisure and then download again. Any comments/reviews are gratefully encouraged:-)
In the novels, Brian, Deb, Cody and Astor know Dexter’s secret. Brian would like Dexter to kill with him as part of a team but Dexter declines. Cody and Astor are eager to learn from Dexter and, though Dexter is determined to bring them up with the Harry Code, he struggles with his growing conscience.
Stand up, stand up for Jesus
DW: Wow!
The other night we went out to dinner (finally! I talked about that one in a previous post.) It was a nice meal. The food was good and I didn’t argue with him about anything. I tried to be a fun, friendly date. I thought I did a good job. Then we went home and were going to watch a movie. I went in the other room to change clothes and when I came back out, he was talking to a customer on the phone. That’s no big deal, you might say. Yes, it’s no big deal. But it is passive aggressive behavior!!! Let me explain. We go out. We have a pleasant time. We get a little closer. A passive aggressive person can’t have that so he has to do something to back away. You could say we were still “on our date” even though we had come back to the house to watch a movie. And he “interrupts” this with business that could have waited until the next day. I don’t get hurt by these things so much any more. They are just what happen in my life. But they are also what keeps the relationship from ever deepening.
(Ural) I had a friend in the same class when I started middle school, who was the brother of an artist. First we created some comic books and produced many copies from them with transfer copy papers. Then we started to send our work to kid magazines. One of my paintings about a pop star was published at one of the top music magazines as a full-page poster when I was only fifteen years old.
He: No! Don’t even think about it.
Empty shelves line each wall
Brewers Alley Restaurant & Brewery
After the traumas of the last few weeks, which I am sure are not finished yet, it was wonderful to see her back to her usual cheerful, happy little self. Only now that I am leaving to go and pick her up do I feel a slight sense of trepidation, I hope all has gone well and I will be picking up a happy but tired and bedraggled smaller version of Cheryl Cole.
Kondakadalei Sundal - Kabuli black channa – sprouted one.
Saurel-Cubizolles MJ, Kaminski M, Llado-Arkhipoff J, Du Mazaubrun C, Estryn-Behar M, Berthier C, et al. Pregnancy and its outcome among hospital personnel according to occupation and working conditions. J Epidemiol Community Health 1985; 39: 129-134.
What is Mike’s biggest pet peeve?
“Sexy Supernatural thief Bela (Lauren Cohan) has already been sent to hell — unlike Dean, she won’t be released — and now the show’s creator Eric Kripke tells TV Guide it’s bye bye to sexy demon Ruby (Katie Cassidy) as well.
-What's the matter dear...asked the Dutches in response....Is there something I can help you with...?
okay...that sooo wasn't nice i know. i was referring to sitting in the waiting room of my therapist's office. mind you this is coming from someone who identifies with crazy. i'm not used to sitting in a waiting room of a shrink's office, sorry for all the stereotypes, because my last 3 therapists (yes, I am now on 4), didn't have a waiting room. more like either a small alcove with a chair, a house, or lobby. never a waiting room.
They are afraid to use any ingredient that might add flavor to one of their precious concoctions as it might also taint its virtue.
Another devilish trick humans employ is to tell you something that sounds like a tall story which turns out to be true. A few days ago, the manager of the safari camp asked me if I’d been invited to the “monkey wedding” in India.
just wants to get his little hands into everything
Star Cast: Imran Khan
We caught wind of the report yesterday but didn’t have all the details. Carol Lundberg contacted Hathaway’s office but was told the justice was in Marshall for arguments. No one from the office returned the message.
April came and went and we just celebrated Vappu/Vappen again. Sofia and Miro came to Helsinki this year again, as it’s something worth becoming a tradition, and we spent most of it by participating in the history student traditions as I would have otherwise too. And boy it was fun.
Then it was back to the airport and a flight home, piles of washing, feet up, long bath and a bit of spoiling from Mr Babe of Deliciousness.
Apricots
But for many kids and teenagers, that's not the way it goes. Even kids raised in a safe environment have problems. Kids raised in the foster care system or by unstable parents get knocked around by life far too soon. Should we ignore them? Teenagers get ignored enough. By the time a kid gets to middle school, all that creative research that goes into childhood education drops off a cliff, leaving many kids to wander in an educational no man's land until they graduate. Fiction—yes, even YA fiction—can help them make sense of the senseless things that happen to them. That's what story does. Even the dark stuff. I know because I have a teenaged niece who told me so.
Whoever Errol Flynn was.
AMANZIMTOTI: Dries de Bruyn (18) brutally attacked with pipe by five black attackers.
Why should we worry about orphan works? A good summary of the importance of this issue is provided by former US Register of Copyrights, MaryBeth Peters:
Our long kept secret – since we arrived in Vietnam in fact – was now a reality. Nanny, Grampy and Uncle Colin were greeted with equal shock and happiness by the boys. It was a moment to treasure, tears pricking our eyes as we watched the boys hugging their family that they had not seen for more than 6 months. Brilliant! Luca asked “Are they real? They’re not statues are they?” – such a special moment.
Indeed, it first hit in 2008 though it was almost entirely off the radar of the American public. While all eyes were glued to the carnage in the stock market and brokerage account balances, a far more serious crisis began to unfold rocking 30 countries around the globe.
Stay tuned for deliciously sinched items and naughty underthings!
watermelon, strawberry, apple & mint salad – 13
Learning How to Learn: An Homage to My Grandfather (Feb. 14): I used a lot of tissues writing this post. My grandfather was a powerful, positive influence on my life and it was a true pleasure to celebrate him.
By the way, has anyone seen the Damien Hirst exhibition at the Tate? Now that is pushing the boundaries!!!
Okay, so finally this is done!!! I was looking for a little white table and chairs for my girls and finally came across one, maybe three years ago at a garage sale for $10! I loved it. It was just what I was looking for. Although it has since been scratched up and repainted white again. This year I wanted to make it a little prettier (being in crafty mode), so I decided to paint it:
it slipped and dropped and I caught the pole as it fell through the middle, but my arm was leaning on the edge of the notch (which is an L shaped piece of metal) and the weight of the canvas roll pulling on my arms forced it down on the metal and it made a nasty gash on my arm.
Ask anyone who knows me and they will tell you: “She’s nothing if not stubborn.” My husband, sitting beside me, shook his head yes. *grin* It’s the truth and I’m not ashamed of it either. Being stubborn has seen me through some harsh times, in and out of writing.
723 **D-IV/23/1976. “George Washington’s Farewell Address.” St. John’s College, Santa Fe, New Mexico. (Incorporated in Item C-2000 (10), above, pp. 136-62.)
Is your home safe for you and your love ones to live? Please before you answer yes, ask yourself the following questions. It is a path to home development and safe environment.
On to my card for your inspiration the team where allowed to play with some of our sponsors Meljen's images. I picked Peter Rabbit for mine and coloured it with my Promarkers. DP are mixture of Making Memories and Dovecraft. Used my M.S. Rabbit punch some twine. Sentiment is a Lili of the Valley clear stamp. Flowers are Mulberry flowers from my stash. Layout from Sketch n stash.
Rachel got more storage and organization than she would have had she bought the storage lockers, and for less money spent. Now she and her family are greeted by an attractive, user-friendly space when they walk into the house!
When industries seek to create jobs, I’d file lawsuits to stop them. And then I’d make taxpayers pay for my lawyers.
Well, read the full story and all the clues are there and make sense in hindsight, but I don’t think many would have solved this intractible problem at the time. Only with the intervention of ‘luck’ and probably the source of our term ‘guinea pig’ in subsequent scientific experiments did an understanding of the cause in 1907 begin to emerge. I guess these were examples of ‘safe-fail’ experiments. Fascinating stuff.
With a sudden, gleeful squeal, Mylune releases Mortimer and grabs Garrosh with both hands, pulling him to her and planting a big, loud kiss on him before hugging him tightly.
The last time I remember "giving in" to an electronic craze? Back in late 2004/early 2005, I went to Japan for the first time, and one of my good friends kept talking about the new Panasonic Lumix FX7. I now forget why exactly the camera was so innovative at that point, but I went ahead and plunked down the money for the newest camera. I brought it back to the States and my friends were in awe over the sleek, slim design of the camera (back then, remember, US digital cameras were still bulky and similar to 35mm cameras).
Reminder: Oh waah! I won’t call you a big baby, but I’ll think it. Try to remember all those times that plans fell through because your married friends had things come up at the last minute. Try to remember all the dinners and movies you had alone because no one was available to join you. Try to remember that financially you were so limited that you couldn’t entertain if you wanted to.
For this project:
It flits and dances through the bog
climbed on his back. we flew up to a nest in the middle of the sky.
I dunno, I just feel like Pinhead would be able to get Merchant to do what he wants a lot easier without kidnapping his son or whatever else – I mean, the guy’s pretty much the pinnacle of evil in this movie’s world. You’d think he would have something a little more advanced up his sleeve.
Tall-guy and Dink have only hiked 13 miles today, so they’re feeling fresh and want to get to Hot Springs tonight.
This huge kit has 35 background papers and over 75 elements, including an alpha. So cute! You'll find this and the Emergency Room! kit HERE.
The talent, originality, determination and downright awesomeness of the people in Romance Writers of Atlantic Canada, my local chapter of RWA, are amazing. Seriously. I leave every meeting awed by the energy and intelligence that crackles in the air. Not to mention the fact that the restaurants where we lunch have learned to put us in a room by ourselves. This group just can’t contain its enthusiasm for the craft and business of writing.
2010.08.07 Afghanistan Helmand 1 0 A British father of four is shot to death by a Taliban prisoner who seizes a weapon on his way to a prayer session.
He spent many a happy night under the covers sleeping with our daughter Keely. He adored her and followed her everywhere.
When not writing or traveling with Barbara, Jack attempts to play golf. A devout convert to Roman Catholicism, Jack is married with three grown sons.
I always love to hear from you! However, please make an effort to be polite when expressing your opinions in the comment section of the blog. Comments are subject to approval and any that are deemed offensive or inappropriate, at my discretion, will be removed. Any comments that are determined to be spam will also be removed. Comments posted on the blog do not necessarily represent my views or reflect on With This Ring Weddings, and are the responsibility of their respective authors.
Sent: Sunday, April 29, 2012 5:29 PM
However, please do refer to her tutorial for the full instructions (even though I made some changes, her tutorial really is great).
Walt’s is a budget and family friendly place for a casual dinner. You get loads of meat for a low price and there is a play area in one corner for the kiddies. (It's right next to the servers’ drink station, to their delight, I’m sure.) Adults will appreciate the beer and trivia. Walt’s BBQ is located on Colerain road, a little north of West North Bend Road. Try it this weekend. After all, Mikey likes it.
So, I need to put the frosting back in the fridge and get myself some kind of decent food to fill my belly. Luckily, I can sleep in (slightly) tomorrow. The second I finish eating, I’m out. I nearly fell asleep at my client’s again tonight, and the drive home was the longest damn drive I have ever taken in my entire life. If it wasn’t for the help of JT’s “Sexyback” on the radio keeping my attention (only by the extreme level of annoyance it brings me), I would have went insane. On the plus side, I’m in the euphoric phase of exhaustion somewhere between everything being soooo pretty, and I just don’t give a crap. So… bring it on, haha. I’m going to bed.
Poach 2 eggs, toast an English Muffin, cook up some bacon or ham (I used turkey bacon) and make some hollandaise sauce (recipe below).
some people's parents.........
After all, are academic essays the only textual form appropriate for archival exploration, or does the relatively ad hoc, point-and-shoot blog post, motivated less by scholarly expertise than by curiosity and personal enthusiasm, also have something valuable to offer? Somewhere between front-line archival reportage, historical research, and what we might call popular outreach.
Meanwhile, in Afghanistan, while privileged Western dudes continue to
These thought processes got me to thinking about how I can recycle other things in my life. Not just the aluminum cans, glass bottles and newspaper but the stuff that finds its way into landfills every year. You know, the kind of things that don’t biodegrade so easily. Here are a few ideas. Implement them if they suit your need or use these to get your creative juices flowing and improvise your own ideas.
Maggie’s mother drowns herself in the Don River with zircon stones from her New Age shop. Maggie tries to cope by removing zircon stones from the shop’s inventory and taking over as shopkeeper. But then the blackouts begin, and they soon become dangerous — Maggie once regains consciousness after having been knocked off a bike she didn’t even realize she’d been riding.
Hello dear bloggers...
Last night I returned home from attending Conbust at Smith College in Northampton, MA. It was a remarkable weekend for many reasons. First, because it is the first con I've attended as a panelist, second because I got to hang out with Jane Yolen and Tamora Pierce--two writers who I respect greatly and whose work I admire, and third because of the tone and tenor of the con.
So we have to penalise the innocent to catch the guilty? I’m sure all of you know of poor foreign spouses who’ve had to go through the yearly immigration torture because they had the misfortune to fall in love with a Malaysian.
Ok I guess thats it for today so good luck and happy gambling even if it is just a FANTASY.
reaches his destination,
On the sewing front, the only thing I have sewn are these:
Simon Peter is a major figure among the personalities of the New Testament. He was one of the first to be introduced to Jesus, and later one of the original twelve chosen and appointed by Jesus to be his apostles. He is the first named in each of the three lists of apostles given in the Gospels.
Murders aren’t exactly rare events, even in a country such as England where people would to queue just to get away from an armed gunman. However, it seems that the excesses of Christmas have cracked our usually polite demeanour, sending us out into the streets for a killing or two. What’s gotten into everyone lately? Have we become jealous that the worst atrocity last year was committed in fucking Norway of all places? Maybe our nutters have become disillusioned that no one has managed to top the heady heights of Raoul Moat’s 10 strong pile of cadavers recently. Maybe they are setting out an agenda for 2012.
↓ R ↑ L Y B
As for this week's contest, here are a few guidelines:
Here is my card. I used blue cardstock for the base cut at A2 size. My second paper is DCWV from Nursery Boy. I love this paper. I rounded the corners with my trusty EK Success corner rounder. The third paper is DCWV textured mat stack Brights cut 1"x5"in a strip. I applied the ribbon using MPS cheater method. The ribbon is from Paper Studio. The final touch is the chipboard embellishment from K and Company. I used pop dots to lift it off the page for added dimension.
6) Write and submit one or more short stories for the first time. - Done.
Minister Du Qinglin
So today, without warning, I'm gonna turn it around and at least for this one day, no griping to her about anything. I bet it will be a pleasant change of pace for both of us!
8. The Secret Garden - Burnett (1911)
Again here you have an out-of-”here” memory. The collective memory of the Indians here is that they descended directly from the first humans created by Puluga and that they spread out. This is similar to the memory of the mainland Indians also, who have only memory of being ‘descended’ here and going elsewhere and not of “arriving” here.
How am I supposed to live without you…Michael Bolton
The best:
But then I read on, and I started to see some problems.What if you don't fit into any of the factions? What if you don't want to label yourself intelligent, peaceful, selfless, brave, or honest? Considering Marcus' speech, I can see how those qualities work well for a society, but for individuals? What if the qualities you value most aren't listed? What if you want a life doing something that just so happens not to benefit society as a whole - not because your selfish and don't want to contribute to society, but because it's simply something you're passionate about? End up as one of the Factionless, and live a homeless life? And what if you simply don't fall under just one bracket?
Approaching the pub through Craven Passage the first question with the Ship and Shovell isn't what shall I have to drink but which pub should I drink in. Its a curious choice but the Passage intersects the two halves of the pub. One loosely could be called the big pub, albeit it only relative to the small one on the other side of the passage. Run as one pub and linked beneath the passage by the cellar it must delight the tourists. My worries of a horde was unfounded. Thankfully they were most likely in the Sherlock Holmes.... a fate I wouldn't wish on the most obnoxious tourist.
Rich and I are sitting in our living room, watching something (though we don't know what) on BBC Prime, and each typing away on our own laptops. Me on this blog, him on some model airplane forum or other. Ah the modern marriage...so many new ways to ignore one another. The neighbors upstairs are hollering and stomping, the snow outside falls in a wet slop of icy pellets, and I am vaguely and thoroughly dissatisfied with this week. This week has just generally pissed me off, though not in any way I can specify. It wasn't ALL bad, but just sort of ....eh. I did have a very good meal last night at an interesting Oslo restaurant with some of my favorite coworkers. So that was good.
They do have one win to their name, back in 1966, but seven last-place finishes too. Let’s just say that they’ve never quite his a winning streak in the same way as some countries have. This is partly down to their fondness for sending comedy entries, and this is unfortunately the tactic they have resorted to this year.
Overdue payments
I don't think this process is for the light-hearted. But so far, I've been pretty lucky I think. I'm hoping the rest of the system will go well.
Every person that users computer or smartphone very often needs to view, copy or move files between the desktop computers, laptops, netbooks and smartphones. The files may be images, music, video files or documents. The easiest way to transfer files from one computer to another (PC to PC, Mac to Mac, PC to Mac, and vice versa) is by using a home network (also known as LAN - Local Area Network). LANs can be wired (with network cables), wireless (Wi-Fi), or a combination of the two. LANs are also widely used in most businesses.
Cool crop circles formations that took place very recently.
I read in Aaron’s book that Lightning Source has not increased the cost of printing books in the US for a decade. That illustrates how POD is getting cheaper as time and technology move forward. The consumer will see our books at around the same price as any traditional book and we can set the discount price too. As for e-books, the pricing will be much lower than the paperback because it’s cheaper (almost nil) to create (shame on publishers who charge the same price as the paperback) and we can still make a decent profit. With Lightning, the cost that would normally go to wholesale and distribution is absorbed into printing POD and because there is no wholesale, the books can stay around the same price.
One of the things that makes Crawlers so unique is the fact it is set (almost) in real time. The whole novel (bar the epilogue) takes place over a single evening and the fast pace Enthoven had to write at really keeps the tempo up the entire way through. It doesn’t slow down for a moment and by the time I turned the final page, I was exhausted.
When I read Lord of The Rings when I was 12 one of my favourite Monsters was Shelob. I’m not sure why she always fascinated me but perhaps, Illes hits the nail on the head with this description:
3:49: I arrive at the allergist, go to sign-in and knock all the pens off the desk and onto the floor. A guy in the waiting room laughs at me. I shrug my shoulders and say, "Yes, I am that awesome." He looks at me like I'm an idiot. At least I'm not the rude one laughing at another's clumsiness.
…and a very willing model.
Joel + Ethan Coen, A Serious Man
While there's a lot of individual objects known - literally millions - their total mass isn't much. In fact, Earth's moon is roughly 25 times the mass of the entire asteroid belt combined.
our sins of immorality and abortion. Let us cry out
Guthrie: Senator are you going to make
If Margaret Butler, the narrator of A Nice Neighborhood, is in a Hitchcock film, it would be Rear Window. Sitting in the bay window of her kitchen while giving her six week old daughter a 2 a.m. bottle, Margaret notices a light on in the family room of their backyard neighbors' house. Margaret's first thought is that someone must be sick and so is surprised to see Marilyn Crane, clad in something "loose and see-throughy", furtively let a man out the back door. Her initial surprise at the audacity of Marilyn letting a man in and out of her house while her husband is sleeping upstairs turns into amusement as she witnesses several more of these clandestine meetings, reasoning, as she never hears a car starting up, that Marilyn is carrying on an affair with a local man (who, of course, is only seen in shadow and silhouette). Margaret's amusement is short-lived however; John Crane wakes up one morning to discover his wife in the family room, dead from a stab wound in the back. The police's initial assumption that Marilyn surprised a prowler is discarded after Margaret's account of the night visitor and their focus turns to a disgruntled lover or a vindictive spouse. With the peaceful facade of the neighborhood being stripped away by revelations of affairs, lies and other problems, Margaret becomes more and more uneasy that one of her "nice" neighbors is possibly a killer and that, after a second murder, she herself might be the next victim.
These two reasons are why many investors chose annuities to fund their retirements. Some investors also chose annuities to meet other long-term investment goals, such as funding educational costs for their dependents.
To celebrate World Book Week, I want you to write me a top ten about books. It can be on anything relating to them, but the theme has to be related somewhat to books.
(In a sidenote, my favorite part of the bank robbery is the manner in which it is introduced: an older gentleman with his face buried in a newspaper obliviously walks into the midst of a police blockade of the bank, looking up with a face that betrays mild surprise as he sees cops kneeling behind squad cars with guns drawn. Without saying a word, the man slightly picks up his pace and briskly walks away from the situation. It is by far the most energetic, emotionally charged part of the film.)
And finally, do you have any advice to give any up and coming or aspiring DJs?
36 The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe – CS Lewis*
More than 30,000 people have been killed in violence related to the drug trade across Mexico since December 2006, when the government launched a major military offensive against organized crime.
It starts with 8 x Run 1 minute / walk 1 and a half minutes then gradually increases the running time, reduces the walking time and reduces the intervals until you can run 30 minutes non-stop.
Captain Alan
for first track “Ekki múkk”) one can ascertain that this new product is far removed from the airy and explosive pop-joy emitted on their last LP, ‘Með suð í eyrum við spilum endalaust’, (which was in itself quite a departure from ‘Takk’).
"Pubs, like all small businesses have been hard hit by the recession...
Keeper
Every problem is solvable all you have to do is put one step in front of the other and walk a little a day. The steps accumulate and after a week you’re a different person than when you first started out. You got relationship problems, find out the extent of the problem, research and study for solutions and attack the problem a little at a time. Asking for help is OK trust me.
♬ WORDS fall into RHYME, ♪ ev'ry TIME you are HOLDing me NEAR...♫
Epoch Times: What are the issues with military control?
get someone new in at the Bridge
However, if this other chum of mine’s book becomes an eBook, my understanding is that it will, in theory, never go out of print – the file will still be available for download from the Apple/Amazon/publisher’s computer – and so the publisher will retain the rights until 70 years after the author’s death.
First of all, to lose weight (or more importantly, to lose body fat) you must have a handle on your diet:
4 Tbsps unsweetened cocoa powder
Some people who cross our paths have many redeeming qualities, but they just cross our paths. Maybe they leave a lasting impression of some sort, good or bad, but they continue on, and so do we, and that’s that. Once in a while someone comes along who becomes part of our soul. Someone who makes you feel like anything is possible. Someone who, despite being railroaded by life, is still able to smile and be kind and happy. A rare breed.”
It bears repeating that seafood has significant health benefits. One of the most important benefits is that fish contains Omega-3s, fatty acids, which have been proven to significantly reduce the risk of cardiovascular death. In fact, this is the only dietary factor where there is clear proof that it can reduce cardio-related deaths. Though seafood has plenty of other health benefits, the Omega-3s are reason alone to make fish a necessity in your diet. It may very well save your life.
—The comfrey patch looks better than it ever has, with lots of huge, healthy leaves I've been feeding the chickens.
I’m not sure why I have such an obsession with Afternoon Tea. Maybe it’s the relaxing visiting time, the tiny desserts, the soothing cup of tea, or having an excuse to get dressed up during the middle of the day! Whatever it is, the Omni did not disappoint. My mom and I had 3:00 reservations, and we were the only ones there besides two tables full of old ladies playing cards. How cute! Fadi, the manager, and another young man took very good care of us. I started off with the Flora tea, and it was fruity with a kick of cinnamon. Perfect for 80 degree weather.
Eh, there's more but why bother? I still have to go make 2 more pans of brownies (I already made 1 pan and 4 dozen chocolate chip cookies), 2 loaves of bread, organize my coupons, fold some laundry...blah blah blah.
Our grand prize blog candy is a set of Stamps from CardzTV Stamps set Encouraging Thoughts. This is one of my favorite stamp sets that Mary has made this far. You get one entry for hopping with us and a 2nd entry if you make a 2 page layout for Crops of Luv and mail it. Post your layout to the Mr. Linky here then mail it to:
They are however, $299.00 each. Plus shipping. I do so adore them though!
Who doesn’t love a good game of trivia? Recently, I test out two different locales for America’s favorite past-time. Here’s the verdict:
Don’t you know the things you conquer are what make you great?
The world isn't evil
So began for me a journey into a world that until then, I had almost no face-to-face contact with…. I mean how often do you meet a Cistercian nun or monk on the street? I couldn’t think of any…. much less to just chat with one about God…. They were just off my horizon!
The left will no doubt claim that even deprived whites have power because other whites do. However, this is like claiming that the average citizen in a third world dictatorship has power because those at the top of their society have billions of dollars in Swiss bank accounts and enjoy more power over others in their country than a white man has dreamed of since the Romanovs were shot in Ekaterinburg.
Let the juices run through your coarse hands,
My yells to Melanie were futile. Where were cell phones then???
I use this to bring my wireless internet to my new HD wireless TV (for faster streaming throughput)…it was simple to set up and works as advertise…,
He was both outgoing and dismal
3.- Japanese people are fantastic! We had people coming over to see if we needed help whenever we looked lost. We had people walk us to where we needed to go because they said they had the time. People struck up conversations with us at restaurants and were always excited when we told them we were Canadian lol. People from Japan are very polite, very respectful, and most of all, very friendly ^_^
I have tried to make this process and the explanation of it as simple as I can, but you must be aware that soap making is not cooking, it is chemistry. Rules apply and when they're not followed, that is when you have failures. I have never had a failed batch of soap and I'm sure that's because I researched, read AND UNDERSTOOD what I read and what I had to do. If you are going to make soap, research and read and make sure you understand what you're doing. Hopefully this post will help with that understanding.
“Political differences shouldn’t be a barrier (for any assemblyperson) to assist the state in (carrying out) measures that would benefit the people,” said Sultan Sharafuddin Idris Shah when opening the state assembly.
Preheat over to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9 x 13 inch pan.
I recommend Missing if you enjoy mysteries or romances! A great book in my opinion! :)
January: The Bronte Sisters
"9th century Wales...
One of the many perks of being a journalist in Paris is the occasional invitation you receive to fantastically over-the-top fashion shows.
In another interpretation of the Korean flag, white is a traditional Korean color and represents peace and purity; the blue section represents the negative cosmic forces of the yin, while the red symbolizes the opposite positive forces of the yang; each trigram (kwae) denotes one of the four universal elements, which together express the principle of movement and harmony.
One of my friends said to me that while her husband speaks French, they met speaking English and have only ever spoken English to each other. She finds that her husband takes on a much different tone when he speaks French. I can't really tell if Sir L's tone is much different while speaking French - but it's true that couples who meet speaking one language rarely move on to speaking another language together, so I should not be that hard on myself. But the time is here and the time is now! We're living in Paris! What better way to further my overpriced French lessons than to really try to speak French...
At 10 minutes:
Today’s pictures are a little glimpse of that:
I am going to start these soon. Since we are dealing with a paper shortage I am going to use index cards for the kids to keep track of the books they read.
A DIFFERENT WHOLE PAYCHECK EMPLOYEE: Ma'am? (just as an aside, when exactly did I become a ma'am, y'all?) Are you the lady looking for gluten-free pasta options?
A ribbon tied in a knot and 4 pearls, which were coloured using copics to match the ink, were added as finishing touches, after matting onto copper card and then on to the base card which is about 7 inches square.
So if you are already paying for internet and don't plan on stopping but would like to watch TV shows or movies on your bigger screen, a Roku box might be a great option for your home.
Our first of three guest writers to show us how it is done is Sarah Hina.
Anon! Let the work be the truth of the force that works.
Lazy Sunday afternoons, don't you just love them?
I decided to use Lightbulb Moment and isn't she sweet! I stamped her onto X-Press cardstock and coloured her with my copic markers.
Over the weekend I was asked by one of the Knowmads council, Floris, to speak at this event called Stand-up Inspiration. Floris offered me the opportunity to speak in front of 100 people who are creative and doing cool things in the Netherlands. It was his way of helping me find €5000 to hang out in Drop-In’s bank account for a few months in order to get my residence permit and I was very thankful for the opportunity. The intention was for me to give a 1 minute inspirational talk about what Drop-In does and then quickly describe that I need to raise €5000 by April 1st in order to stay in the Netherlands. Because the attendees are up to cool stuff and connected to cool, we thought this would be a great opportunity to network and possibly get some cool ideas to make this €5000 a reality.
Snuggle (with big, sloppy kisses) -- Skewer
"I'll talk to you two later, for now I must reclaim my spot in line!," exclaimed Jacklyn as she ran back to her spot, little hotties in hand and all.
"Good. I have enough."
And so I’ve avoided fragrances like the plague since young. But as with any forbidden fruit, it is oh so attractive to me. Lately I’ve been testing the grounds of my allergies by using products with slight fragrances, hoping to build up an immunity. After testing out several ones at the Sasa counter, I discovered what could potentially become my ‘signature’ fragance!
with a question.
STOHR K. Preventing and treating influenza. Br Med J 2003; 326: 1223-1224.
Parenting, for me, has been like productivity boot camp and I’ve had to get pretty creative when my husband’s working late, the pasta’s boiling over, my daughter just cut her finger, my son is about dump paint on the floor, the phone rings, and the dog is begging to go out. Yes, parenthood can take over at times and prevent you from doing anything else. I find, though, that when I have time, I’m very aware of what I really want to spend my precious time on, which somehow allows me to access that creative energy faster. But hey, it’s just a theory. Maybe it’s just all that coffee I’ve been drinking.
House Bill 3174, sponsored by State Rep. Bonnie Brown, gives adult consumers the opportunity to sample up to one ounce of spirits during a scheduled tasting event. The bill passed the House on February 20 and the Senate on March 10. Once signed by the governor, it would take effect June 8.
When Gracie McBride, the wild girl who had vanished for 15 years, is found hanging in the shoe tree in an apparent suicide a short time after her homecoming, it sends shockwaves through the small town of Starvation Lake.
World Cup 1 will provide us a glimpse of the competition and yet we are not involved so won't know where we sit. We have measured all we do and I feel good about where we are at but until we race those in our event we just won't know for sure. So for now we wait, prepare and I guess watch from a distance. In the meantime I will keep enjoy the glorious morning here in Melbourne. Ok some days aren't so great but I still love getting out there and mixing with our crew.
Hell, the idea has even occurred to Ed Miliband.
Have a great 4th of July!
Each person on the team is given a defined role. Their job is to execute their role to the best of their ability. Each team member is also capable of filling in for others, and the know each part of the process. This sense of a team, no different than a sports team, creates a feeling of unison and of pulling for each other.
DT term is August 1st to October 31st
Over the last week, his head shaking has returned and I have been wondering why. Now I know.
doll on hogscraper
Puede ser
That is what Daniel said at Wrestlemania, his first Wrestlemania as World Heavyweight Champion, and then he was distracted by someone, and within 18 seconds, that dream went up in smoke.
From sales articles to the mom and pop corner store, to export and import businesses, to SEO websites, etc. No business should exempt themselves from raking in the profits from marketing their business to the Hispanic and Latino community in Spanish. A number such as over 50 million is hard to ignore when you are thinking of profits and new customers!
hurry and make this before you make those nasty New Years resolutions!!
even the accelerated aging of blondes.
But first, a shower.
“I just need a minute.”
but he had to
So, maybe it is time to recollect these memories into something concrete and try and create this dish for John and my Aussie friends.
Today is many things: St George’s Day, Shakespeare’s death day (and most probably his birthday as well) and Cervantes’ death day. Just as importantly, though, it is World Book Night.
Then Sunday, we headed to Gibbet Hill Farm for my brother and sister-in-law's baby shower. They are having a boy and since my dad is the 3rd and my brother the 4th, we have nicknamed him 5. Let's hope they figure out how to use all the great presents they got yesterday. My brother couldn't imagine the amount of blankets and what he was suppose to do with them all. Just you wait!
-chose to spend a summer living out of my car, working fast food, floating on different friends couches.
Having not seen any episodes from any of The Inbetweeners three previous seasons this was the first time I had been introduced to Will, Simon, Jay and Neil, your classic teen geeks, in the same vein as Sheldon and the boys from Big Bang but 100x more hilarious and innapropriate.
To add EQ Three to a track, drag it from the Live Effects Browser to the title bar of the desired track(s).
Finally, God was being brought into something. This article was about how a former Nigerian military Head of State, Yakubu Gowon gathered with some nigerians in diaspora to discuss the possible solution for Nigeria’s countless problems. After the meeting, they concluded that they would form an organisation called, ‘Nigeria Prays’, where intercessors would be gathered from all over the country to pray to God concerning its issues and seek His face. I think this is good and an essential starting point. I’m happy about this, and from time to time i always keep Nigeria in my prayers.
On display
I took the 7 day challenge of wearing dresses and skirts for a week and I was amazed at the difference it made in my life. Robert D. Hales said, “ … modesty is fundamental to being worthy of the Spirit. To be modest is to be humble, and being humble invites the Spirit to be with us.” I wondered how I could be modest in today’s world. This isn’t something new and so many of my dear friends and fellow pen friends and blog friends are also being called …. It is inspirational! Robert D. Hales also said, “Modesty is at the center of being pure and chaste, both in thought and deed. Thus, because it guides and influences our thoughts, behavior, and decisions, modesty is at the core of our character. Our clothing is more than just covering for our bodies; it reflects who we are and what we want to be, both here in mortality and in the eternities that will follow. We do not dress to attract attention to ourselves, thus distracting others and causing the Spirit to depart.” Was I dressing in a manner that brought attention to myself? YES!! I truly was! I found as I changed and dressed in a feminine and modest manner, I remembered my Heavenly Father more. It affected my spiritual life more – and I have become as Robert D. Hales has said – it reflects who I am and what I want to be. This has overflowed into all aspects of my life – I don’t hardly wear the makeup I once did, and I’m letting my hair go wonderfully gray, etc. etc. I long to be more simple in my lifestyle and to be happy with how Heavenly
Big Shouts to Aquatic Label Records from Australia, dishing out big things again and again!
Cumin seeds - 1 tsp
My own family had just downsized into a new house three weeks earlier, after losing ours to foreclosure (which I will get to later, in a different post). So I had plenty of boxes. But they were full of our stuff. What to do? Unload our stuff onto the floor and put the much-needed supplies for the tornado victims in the boxes. Bingo! By the time the sorting and boxing at my house was over with, it looked like I belonged on an episode of Hoarders. I shit you not.
You know that sinking feeling that you've lost something that means a great deal? Yep - I was feeling sick, but knew it wasn't the end of the world. It was, apparently, to her. We decided to go through the aquarium and then I'd go to the lost and found or check back with the Imax people and see if it was on the floor next to her chair.
For example, when I start to work on a new novel I always go buy myself a new Black n Red lined notebook. I wrote about them once before here. I do the same for a new play. And although I can't have a new notebook for each new poem, I do have a special poetry notebook where I work out new poems, even if they started out life on the back of a napkin. I also always choose a special pencil to begin each novel. I know that by the end of 80,000 words or so, that pencil will have been worked down to its nub and replaced, but I like to start with something new. Special. I also bring "special" pencils to the kids in my Anjali House Writing Workshop in Cambodia. Last year I found pencils with Union Jacks on them. I'm about to start hunting around for something fun for this year's group.
Yet what may seem useless to me, may be something you can not live with out.
Feel free to post comments, rants, or even personal attacks. It simply shows your wish for taunting if you do the latter.
These are nicely sculpted figures but there are two things that might put some of you off purchasing them. First up is their height. Although RAFM describe this range as being 28mm scale, the reality is that they are closer to 35mm scale. This means that they stand head and shoulders above true 28mm scale figures. I couldn't care less about a few millimetres difference in heights but I know that it is an issue that concerns some of you, so be warned.
Now until Midnight Sunday night!
Guthrie: welcome Frothy
Very unique but rather unpleasant.
While, thanks to advertisement and media, it would be oh so convenient to slip back into the ways of my childhood. I know too much about the perils of poor eating habits and do better at picking and choosing my less healthy food choices rather partaking in the across the board, flat out, preservative fests that are still so available in the middle aisles of my local grocer or the fast food chain around the corner. Not to mention dealing with crazy pregnancy cravings.
It is about how strong your will is to keep on moving forward.
The fish shaped dessert below is a Taiyaki. They are traditionally made from waffle batter and filled with red bean paste (adzuki beans). As you can see from the slight ice still left on them, these are ice cream versions! I suppose they're pretty much like ice cream sandwiches but they are filled with Vanilla ice cream with a layer of red bean paste. These remind me of being little, not because I used to eat them regularly but I recall them featuring in many of the Animes that I used to watch!
“I always wanted to be the greatest woman guitarist alive,” she told The Times in 1976. “I had fantasies about being a female Jimi Hendrix. I would go to his concerts and watch all the things he did. But I guess I just wasn’t meant to be a superstar guitarist.”
I decided to go Columbia Asia Puchong, and Alhamdulillah I confirmed 6 weeks pregnant that time.
located at the lowest point on the frame, the electric motor generates a record-breaking maximum output of 2.3kW:
We are still breastfeeding, and it is such a joy.
Another unfortunate misconception, is the perv. Now this is a bit of a double-standard, for if a girl wearing glasses says something risque, they’re called the “sexy librarian” or “foxy geek”. Whereas when I even look like I’m thinking something, I’m called a perv, lecher, or flight-risk. In some regards, perhaps it’s the way the lights glare off the lens or perhaps it’s the way I nervously stare off in the opposite direction, but whatever the case, I just got maced.
Applying this to the workplace
The ILP advertised free poetry contests in newspapers and magazines, with cash prizes for the finalists and publication in a hardbound anthology for finalists and semi-finalists. The contest wasn't a real contest, however. Just about everyone who submitted a poem was declared a semi-finalist, and offered the "opportunity" to buy the anthology in which their work was to appear (with, of course, a discount for multiple purchases). If they stumped up for the anthology, they were bombarded by offers of other ways to spend money: yet more contests, their poems embossed on coffee mugs or enshrined on plaques, memberships in poets’ societies (which demanded $100 or more in annual dues), attendance at poetry conferences (which cost as much as $600, travel and hotel not included).
UPDATE: Papa John's has responded to the incident on Facebook. A post on its official page reads:
5.) What are your favorite things about BRBP, past and present, when it came to beer, food, people, etc.?
In this article the reader will learn about all the features of the entourage edge. It will go into detail on the benefits of the edge as well as giving the reader peace of mind on why it’s such a great device. This article will also go over, briefly, the prices of the entourage edge and what is included in that price.
Comes death on a strange hour
One of my students described to me what it is like to watch the processions, and to see one of these mysterious hooded figures nod in a quiet salute, signaling that there is some familiar face beneath the hood – a family friend? a neighbor? (It could be anyone. It’s a small city; everyone is familiar.) He and the other students who mentioned the processions to me always seemed excited, eager to hear what I had seen of these events which seem so foreign to me, but which are part of a yearly twirl of seasons for my students.
We had a fun-filled weekend. It was so nice to actually have some time together and wife and hubby also...it just doesn't seem to happen enough here lately, so we soaked up every minute of it we could this weekend.
c) The rights of Kate and Gerald McCann (the first and second Applicants) to their image, to their good name, to their good reputation and to the preservation of the integrity of their private and family life, their right to freedom and security, the right to their moral integrity, the right not to be treated in a degrading, cruel or inhumane way, the right to enjoy, like any other citizen, the guarantees of the penal process.
If you would like a copy of our Wholesale Line Sheet, Catalogue and Order Form please contact us as soon as possible via our official website at http://www.woodnpiece.com/
Brien Jones has blamed me for all of his failures. And now he has a convenient scapegoat. He plays on authors’ sympathies for his non-completion of their work by blaming me. He claims it’s due to me that he doesn’t have workers, printers, money, and business. He might be able to blame me for business, but he needs to be honest with himself about his workers, printers, and money. He bemoans to his authors that he is almost bankrupt which is why he can't return their money for bogus promotions like a catalogue that was supposed to go to the book fairs but was never published. So while it's true that he may be staying in business, it doesn't change the fact that authors are paying for something that doesn't happen and won't happen.
The other day I had to pick up my niece from school at 11:30am. I told the boys several times that we needed to leave the house by a certain time so that we would be there before she got out of school. Said time came around and they had no urgency to leave like I did. As I watched the clock creeping forward my stress level started to creep up, but they were cool as a cucumber and did not know what the rush was all about. Even when I tried to evoke empathy about how cousin would feel if there was noone to pick her up they still didn't budge. Why worry about this thing Time when they could play with their toys?
From the inside pocket of his leather jacket (which wafted the smell of day-old aftershave mixed with teenage body odour) Solemn produced a mobile phone. He flicked open the lid, searched momentarily through the contacts list and pressed the Call button. Though interested, Ben made no attempt to try and see who Solemn was contacting.
It's been fun but not so much at times.
BeaArthur22: Can you put a hit on those out-of-work actors in The NY Times commercials, that are all, "She goes straight for the Arts and leisure?"
Me: “Well…uh… I dunno…just more. That’s all I know. I’m sure I’ll feel it when I get there.”
From a benchmarking perspective 17min for the 5k is a good line in the sand to be drawn. Something like 90% plus when compared to Worlds best time is another good play park figure. History would say you have to race the 5k not do it as a long distance plod. All this considering reasonable conditions.
By then I was seeing the feeling-my-toes therapist, which turned out to be a temporary blessing. By agreeing to see her, I was released from the hospital to her care. In other words, I was court ordered to see her. I have to tell you that the legal “rights” as a mental patient is a joke. If I hadn’t had access to the resources I had at the time, I would have remained under care and stuck in a hospital that looked as if it was the film set of One Flew Over The Cockoo’s Nest. My less than 24 hours at that state hospital were horrible. The place reeked of urine. My fellow inmates resembled zombies more than human beings. We slept on plastic covered mattresses and had one thin blanket and a less-than-nothing pillow. It felt as though I had entered a land where humanity was checked at the door. If nothing else, the place served as a two-fold motivator: 1) Either you do a better job when attempting to end it, or 2) You try never to kill yourself again.
10:50 First groaner, with the hackneyed newspaper joke (yikes).
By foisting this mockingbird image on African Americans, it does not challenge the insidious conception of superior versus inferior 'races', the notion of those meant to rule versus those meant to be ruled. What it attacks are the worst -- particularly violent -- excesses of the racist social order, leaving the racist social order itself intact.
However I DID spent an inproportionately stint of time in order to find out how to go the distance per say.
Mario Ambit 1 0:50:688
I've always loved Hot Chip's geeky, synthy, quirky electro indie-pop, and it's just as well, coz Made in the Dark was yet more of their tried and tested sound! But somehow, this album is just that bit better than the others... more polished, more realised. Their previous two albums were both great in places, but always left me with a finger on the 'forward' button, wishing for a little more. This time though they have made a great album from start to finish (OK, OK, maybe 'Wrestlers' is a weak link!). For me a great album is STILL so simple... well structured great tunes, catchy hooks and intelligent lyrics. If that's your recipe too, then this could be an album for you! Stand out track for me is Hold On - a really great, intelligent dance track, a thumpin full on disco bass laced with scratchy guitar sounds and the funkiest of rhythms.
Julie Gable is a travel agent with Pixie Vacations and a Disney addict. She is happy to
On Friday I had the opportunity to go to the Roaring Fork area of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. I always get exited when I get to photograph waterfalls, you can create something that your eyes can not see. Yesterday was no different, I arrived around 5:30PM and ran down to the waters edge. A large rain storm having just passed though the area the night before the water level was high and the flow was great. A person could spend all day at Roaring Fork and still not photograph all the cascades and waterfalls.
I won't bore you with all the nitty (pun intended) gritty details but I will tell you that since seeing the "Lice Lady" I am now quite knowledgeable in the field. She checked the three of us and treated Sophia completely so when we walked out of the salon there wasn't a single visible egg upon her head. She charges $100 an hour. It took us an hour and a half. The kids watched Toy Story on DVD while she went to work. It was stress free and WORTH EVERY PENNY, including the hour long drive it took us to get to the salon in Elmsford, NY.
Not me! No way!
Praying in the Spirit is usually manifested in a person’s private prayer closet but it may also come up in some of the smaller more cohesive prayer groups where the members all participate in prayer simultaneously as led by the Spirit and where the prayer in tongues (in the spirit) spontaneously erupts into singing in the spirit in praise of the Divine. In such cases the gift also helps build up the community. The fruit of this type of prayer is the wisdom and love needed to appropriately exercise the other gifts within a community.
A very nice article by Richard S. Chang, that is kind of a variation on an old Cowboy theme of a Man and His Horse. Massimiliano Nanni, one of the owners of Saraghina, a pizzeria-ristorante in Bed Stuy, tools around in a 1965 Econoline pickup.
Afterwards, I had terrible, horrible cramping...enough to make me bend over and cry, people! And do you know what it was? Gas pains! Yes, they apparently INFLATE YOUR INTESTINES for this procedure, causing a shockingly painful bunch of little air pockets in places you didn't even know existed.
Moreover, she was responsible for helping to start the first child therapy program at the Rape Crisis Center of San Antonio, Texas in 2000. Her Ph.D. research was focused on marriage and relationship therapy for victims of sexual assault. Dr. Weiland Knarr has also taught as an adjunct professor in psychology at St. Mary’s University and in family studies at University of Maryland College Park.
“Then we have time to do what we need to do,” Grue spoke. He used one foot to drag one of the dining room chairs out from beneath the table, placing it in the center of the kitchen. I hurried to his side to hold the seat in place as he hefted the limp body from over his shoulder and set it down. Shadow Stalker nearly tipped over, but together we caught her and leaned her back. Her head lolled.
Her thoughts became strange and distant again, and no matter how many times she told herself to run, her feet wouldn’t cooperate. She wanted to go with the hooded man, even though she knew he would kill her.
Right after I hopped back on the elliptical after putting my clothes in the dryer, I picked my cell phone to call my dad as a courtesy to let him know where I was and when I’d be back upstairs, since I had left to go downstairs before he was up. I had literally said one sentence to my dad when he picked up: Hey dad, so you’re up?
"A coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the brave."
And what will you do now? Will you start to 'give back', in grateful recognition of what the state did for you?
Hi guys! I have a new site. Come on over and see me there because I won't be over here anymore.
No chance to emigrate,
Because the first hour following an injury is the most crucial, the Yellow Dot program provides essential personal health information to emergency responders in order to promptly care for a crash victim. This ‘Golden Hour’ is critical in the treatment of crash victims, and the medical information provided through the program could be a lifesaver.
Common Sense lost ground when parents attacked teachers for doing the job that they themselves had failed to do in disciplining their unruly children.
Limited JavaScript, with firewalls
Now your friend, who has a spotty recollection of the events that preceded their screaming hangover, is left to worry and wonder, “Oh no! What did I do last night??” Why not reassure them with a smiley face at the end of that sentence and let them know that they didn’t make a total drunken ass out of themselves? With just a few extra hits of your phone’s keypad, you can make your friend’s blackout seem a whole lot less scary.
The immediate focus this month will be the sale of modules produced in April. There is likely to be two new characters that will start producing modules. This should push concurrent Tech2 module production capabilities to around 45 (450 units per batch uninterrupted). To assist with logistics an addition character will start transporting goods by freighter. A racial freighter skill book and second freighter will be purchased – the freighter probably June. Lastly additional Tech2 module BPOs will be purchased that extend from the most recent BPO set obtained.
We will never know what the future might have held had Rosie Barnes joined the Liberal Democrats but she commands respect for having held true to her beliefs by sticking with the SDP despite the evident futility for her own prospects. Nevertheless the resultant splits following her schism with the Alliance, and the long-term damage that caused, may be something for todays factions to think about.
Here's one from the archives, great jazz/funk/fusion..
Feed the wire through the bottle cap with two holes. Make a loop on one side of the bottle cap. Make a second loop on the other side of the bottle cap. Cut the wire from the spool. File the wire ends until smooth.
Elizabeth Tan – Anna Zhou
Doyle’s voice brought him back from his musings. “Since I knew she was reading that book when we left Laredo, she would have counted on me to make the connection between her abduction and the plight of the protagonist.”
There was an Asian guy, He was flipping flapping slices of Red-Tuna and slapping on each rice balls, making Sushi at the buffet of the Yacht Club.
I remember the day that I found out that my son Matt would be going onto the crab fishing boat named The Wizard. The fears that kept wanting to creep into my mind were really small compared to the confidence that I felt, and still feel, in his sense of inner-direction. Matt would never accept anyone else’s idea about what he should be doing with his life. He has a great respect for people, listens carefully to their experience, judgment, and ideas, but in the end, he follows his heart.
The last time I was in Paris I was three months pregnant with my first child; I was twenty-three years old. You couldn't yet guess that this skinny, teen-age looking American was pregnant, but although my belly was flat, I had terrible nausea that made all that fabulous French food taste wrong. While my husband ate thick creamy sauces and downed croissants, all I could handle was fresh fruit and - bizarrely - raw oysters.
Above you see the card from the insert comes out, and is double sided. Keep going to see each side. The Happy Birthday sentiment is also SU, the set is All Holidays. And you gotta love how I am still using up paper from two years ago! This is Ski Slope DSP, but this particular pattern works well for birthdays, too!
The Douglas-Pennant family, who still own a £40m painting by Rembrandt in Penrhyn Castle, Bangor, had large slave-run sugar plantations in the Clarendon area of Jamaica. They used the money they made to buy the Penrhyn Estate and develop the North Wales slate industry.
This past weekend was hard. It was Easter weekend, but my mind was elsewhere. Last year at this time I was back in North Carolina, watching and crying as my best friend was lowered into the ground in a coffin. The next day I tried to make sure that my friend Alice wasn't forgotten as she celebrated her 30th birthday. It was essentially a celebration of life and death in one single weekend, and sadly, I think that this weekend, for years to come, will always hold those memories for me.
I have a couple of big projects that I am working on outside and will consequently
I love that answer!
She said building a replica would face the Diocese with a $100 million shortfall while a new building incorporating some of the old would leave it up to $50 million out of pocket. Other people have different figures. The Mayor, Bob Parker, acknowledging the wider public interest, offered to take the building into public ownership to provide a broader funding base.
Hi my good friends..
I went old school and crunched up the paper, flattened lightly and inked with distress ink. I also used the 'sew easy' for the stitching. Just love how this layout turned out....and the photo of my girl covered in mud lol
The covenant of the law was not given to Arabia, Syria or Palestine for they were not God’s chosen.
& while this exercise was quite a while ago & I’m not explaining it quite as elegantly as my professor did, the point is this: we, especially in America, describe ourselves with individual talents/traits. People in many other countries, given this exercise, would have very different answers.
But friends and relatives remain watchful, if the Yeshiva is to turn back on the agreement.
I love you yesterday, today, tomorrow, forever. Always.
‘Darling, is everything alright?’
“We’re not here to take down Wall Street. It’s not poor against rich. It’s about big money dictating which politicians get elected and what programs get funded,” she said.
- “Females are more than just baby-makers”
A secretive smile flitted briefly across the boy’s lips. “Maybe, but that’s for later. Aurelius is back!”
And most importantly of all it's not a kitten.
timbursch Also, some B2B communities that we manage engage 9AM, 12PM, and 4-5PM, checking networks= new smoke break
Besides – as life changing as they may be – they are also very overrated.
Unplug all electrical devices
I just don’t know what to do
According to the Brewers Association, Southern Tier has grown 140% since 2005, and was the 39th largest brewery in the United States in 2006 with sales of 6,000 barrels. Beer Advocate Magazine named them No. 35 of the top 50 breweries in all the land. Not bad for a three year old business located in a rural corner of economically depressed Upstate New York.
This weekend Blizzard is having a Diablo 3 Open Beta. With Diablo 3 releasing soon, and available for free to WoW Annual Pass subscribers, I am sure a lot of people will download the beta client to play. I recently received access to the closed D3 beta and have a head start on the people who are just now trying it out.
2) Freedom from Religious-Persecution/Religious-Supremacy. (Article 18 Human Rights Charter)
Fareda: Okay. I’m done. Let’s go.
I respect Ron Paul, of course. I applaud his desire to lead America to a traditional metals-and-barter economy. And his proposed healthcare plan hearkens back to our frontier past, where neighbors came together to tend their own wounded, giving them whiskey and helping to hold them down while a local barber sawed off their limbs. I agree with him that we don't need a federal agency interfering with people's lives during an emergency as they band together into warring tribes and kill each other over small caches of canned food. But on the issue of flying killer robots, Ron Paul is dangerously wrong. His plan to remove all of these robots will leave us open to terrorist attacks from bases in Pakistan, Yemen, Paris, San Diego - because the enemy is everywhere.
-- P.J. Parrish, New York Times bestselling author of THE KILLING SONG
04.Can't You See
It's a blustery day here in Chicagoland.. Put some rocks in your pockets if you're going out! Otherwise, enjoy this beautiful day!
Lena: Your Honor, Your Majesty. Mona and I lived together. I gave birth to a healthy baby boy. Three days later, Mona had a son also.
We have left our bones in the Bagshot stones
Thanks, and congrats Grace!
They told me you were no good
My “just for fun” question for you – which do you like better? Abstract or more realistic painting? More importantly this is my thank you to all of you who have been on this journey with me. On to tomorrow!
Ever since high school, I've dreamed of writing a teen fiction book that would excite and inspire young people as much as my favorite authors excited and inspired me. Before, during and after college, I started the book numerous times and had even gotten several chapters deep before losing focus and giving up only to start over again.
'Scotland shall get her freedom but dinna worry there will still be highly paid committee jobs for those who please the New Masters'
The Pink Pig is a train. Her name is Priscilla. It comes every year to Macy's at Lenox Mall in Atlanta. She has been around for over 50 years. It is housed in a 170-foot, 1950 themed Pink Pig Tent. It debuted in 1953 as a children’s ride at the downtown Rich’s and had a brief stint at the Egleston Children’s Hospital Festival of Trees. The proceeds benefit Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta. To date, Macy’s has donated more than $400,000 to Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta.
Have a great week before Thanksgiving! Do any of you plan on going Black Friday shopping? I would, but I have to work that day, and I don't know if I can handle getting up in the wee hours in the morning, THEN going to work. lol. I just finished re-watching the first Harry Potter movie. lol. My hubs and I are determined to re-watch all 6 movies before we go see the 7th Harry Potter movie probably on Sunday.
After watching the video I went to my room and prayed as the burden in my heart has mounted heavily. While praying fervently, tears flowing easily, I saw the Lord Yeshua weeping… yes, He’s weeping for America. I could not say anything more, I just cried silently with the Lord.
02:00 – 03:30 Zatox & Tatanka pres. Wild Motherfuckers
The darker beers also work well when it starts to get dark earlier. The porters, stouts and brown ales all work well. The beers with a little extra body can carry you through the tail gate. Picking up some Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald would impress a newcomer to craft beer or the seasoned mustached CAMBRA member.
Crafting is good for so many things… including stress relief. The Mumster ( aka my mom) was admitted to the hospital and we’re in the process of figuring out what’s going on.
Can't wait for next time!
with no pillars to support it.
Can I take this opportunity to wish everybody a Happy Easter and, for those of us who are having a break, a restful and relaxing time. We’ve had an overwhelming response to the MiddleNOmore weight loss challenge so hopefully we can all resist the temptation of chocolate easter eggs. As I promised I would do, I can tell you I’ve lost 1.25 kgs this week after six days of watching my portions and cutting out unhealthy foods. So far, so good! I’ll keep you updated with CMDHB’s progress towards our 1000kg goal once results start coming through.
Light Emitting Diodes (LED’s). LED bulbs emit more light per watt than an incandescent, they light up quickly, can be dimmed, are long-lasting, radiate very little heat, and are directional, which makes them especially good for task, recessed and tract lighting. Innovations for home use are being developed.
The trailer contained the book’s entire second printing, as well as shipments of hardware fasteners, sheet steel, copper wire and 10 pallets of electric coffee makers.
Your hands cannot, will not raise to save you from your fate. Their guns, no longer with energy quake. They are no longer awake.
For the final test at Barcelona, Ferrari brought the long awaited revisions to the F150 (although the cars name has frequently changed, I’ll continue to use this title). This consisted of a revised wings, new sidepods and new exhausts. It was Ferraris assertion at its launch that the car would have evolved aero and specifically different exhausts before the first race. So despite some people suggesting the changes are copying their rivals, it’s more likely that different teams have converged on the same ideas.
And finally for this post, Edwin of the Iron Shoes by Marcia Muller, which was her first novel featuring female sleuth Sharon McCone and was published by Penguin in 1978.
Is scented with my fragrance.
that lies beyond any present consummation.
The flowers are blooming, my eyes are itchy, my nose is runny, the sun is finally shining…it must be spring! Living in the Pacific NW we end up waiting months and months for spring to show up and when it does, it is spectacular. I love the rain. It wouldn’t be green all year round if it didn’t, but about April I am looking forward to sun, flowers, warmer temperatures, and fresh vegetables and fruits.
Glenn Beck talked about this in his show Tuesday May 18th (if you haven't seen it, you should look it up on fox news) He goes into detail about how this term is being used to promote a socialist government. George Washington would be rolling over in his grave.
23 39 29.53 S , 144 08 49.58 W
3. What would you do with an ENTIRE Saturday afternoon to yourself?
Thank you to everyone who applied to join our Design Team, we had a very hard job deciding between you all and we wished we had more places.
At the prep day for Culture Hack East we talked about gathering and preparing data for a 36 hour weekend hackathon. The aim is to take data from each of the participating groups and turn it in to useful or interesting working applications, either as a prototype for a future app, or just because it’s cool.
And when my Honey came home? he said nothing...he never does that any more...he always comments! Well, that says something along the lines of "if you can't say something nice...." after grilling him for 10 minutes on how it looked and him dancing around the subject...I made him help me dress it up with all the things I have been collecting for it...he seemed to think that it was too much red and that all that red would look ridiculous...BUT...
For more on the song Jesus Loves Me
Sylvia Kinard
So here's the deal, loyal remaining bloggers. If you would like to be in at the start and invest in this limited edition indie album, it's £10 plus £2 P&P, and for you guys I'll include one of the real wood propelling pencils which are included in the press/DJ packs (apparently you have to include freebies to get anywhere), because you're special. And if you ask, Kirsty will sign it for you, ready to sell on eBay when she's famous.
However, on her birthday Grandma Sherry and Grandpa Jim came up and visited. They stayed in a hotel with a pool which we were able to use. The pool was quite chilly but the hot tub was fabulous!
In Shakespeare 1, Kevin hooks up with a girl who might not be much of a ball fan and only likes poems about her, but she is great looking! Every reader knows there’s going to be trouble. In Shakespeare 2, trouble shows up in the form of another girl, Amy. Not as cute but she loves poetry, too, and is big fun to be with. How’s Kevin going to work this out? He’s a good kid, so he’ll find a way. But it might not be easy!
Follow them on their journey through Twitter and Facebook!
study from the University of
3. This Sunday there will be an informational meeting about the new Sunday School program at 9:30 and at 11:00 in the Gathering Place. Given that some facets of Sunday School may change, it will be a great meeting to attend.
For Immediate Release:
Apparently Aegisthus was one for poetic justice because he wanted Clytemnestra to kill her husband in revenge for sacrificing her daughter. As seen in this painting, she is even holding a knife, which was used in sacrifices. So while Agamemnon was lying in his bed after ten years of fighting, Clytemnestra and Aegisthus began stabbing the defenseless king and then Cassandra as she screamed in horror.
Being in pain 24/7 kind of messes with ones ability to think and concentrate, so I guess for the time being I will refrain from doing either! hah!
31. “Marathon” by Tennis
Even that, Tan Sri Nor Mohammed didn’t really answer quite a few questions raised. The Walls with my ears were telling that Shahrir told few PAC members he had a private long talk with Tan Sri Nor Mohammed. That could be Parlimentarian-speak for “hold off he’s innocent”. Should Shahrir alone be entrusted to determine MoF’s innocence?
On a separate note, dinner tonight is going to be a stir fry. I'll use the base sauce from my earlier post, but tonight I am going to use broccoli, shiitake mushrooms, edamame, and red bell pepper. I'm also going to serve it over brown rice. Just one more variation on a dish that you can really get creative with!
So, this is where my weight-loss story (at the top of my page) continues...I had just left out all of these dirty secrets. The excuses I tried to use for my weight battles. I am in control of my life and I choose EVERY, SINGLE DAY to make healthy choices for myself and my family. For me. I want to be healthy, lead a better lifestyle! I can control that just by simply CHOOSING to be healthy. To exercise. To feel good about sweating and burning calories. I love the feeling of having a "bad day", getting out there, sweating like crazy and then coming home feeling ALIVE! Totally alive. It feels so good, why had I never felt that way before...
How's everyone's Christmas going on???
Ford is facing two felony charges; one for theft by deception and the other for unauthorized taking. He made bail, but is facing 7 to 15 years in prison for his Class A Felony.
contest@gmail.com, with "THE ORPHANMASTER" as the subject. Make sure to include your name and mailing address in the US only. This contest is open to all adults over 18 years of age. One entry per email address, please. Your email address will not be shared or sold to anyone. All entries, including names, email addresses, and mailing addresses, will be purged after winner is
A ConnorConversation:
My worry is an attempt to have control over situations that are not mine to control.
I’ve logged onto WordPress so many times during the “hiatus,” trying to come up with something to share with the ether. Sometimes I stare at the blank page while it dares me to fill it with some wit and panache. Once in a while I’ll crank something out, trite and worthless, and I send that mugglefucker to the Trash faster than you can say Riddikulus.
Every Wednesday 1pm SLT at the camp fire by the old castle
‘Not without my screwdriver,’ he said, turning and plunging his arm down behind the sofa cushions to fish around for it. There it was, sleek and stubby, with its ring of LEDs at the business end. Ollie extracted it, clicked it on and off to check the batteries, and stuffed it into his jeans pocket. He extracted the shiny gold iPod he found down there too, and crammed it in alongside. Then he did a theatrical Superman dive over to where his mother was popping and spitting by the window.
Who knows, just maybe, in thirty years, a regular ride up on a space plane, to a Russian space hotel and than a slightly longer, day or two trip out to the moon, for some nice walks, scenic views and a pleasant round of golf? Why not?
This weekend, I tackled the long neglected spice cupboard. I tossed a bunch of expired herb and spice mixes. When was the last time I made spinach dip for pete’s sake? We don’t do dip. Not even during the holidays. I think I bought them for my fantasy life where I entertain – a lot – and serve dip.
If you like, you can see some other wax pieces I've posted on my flickr site by clicking on the flickr badge on my sidebar. I hope you are all having a fabulous week!
Sadly, this year, things are a little wonky and I can’t quite find my mojo, but at the last minute, I decided that maybe there won’t be worm eating, maybe there won’t be pole dancing but BY GOD, there will be guacamole!!!!
I don’t know of anyone even close to standing that one up. But I do know that – in the UK market especially – some of the Murdochs are already thinking beyond even Newscorp itself.
White told the story of his work and imprisonment in the book God’s Missiles over Cuba. He also wrote other books, numerous articles and a monthly column in VOM’s newsletter, which is distributed to more than 500,000 homes in the United States. In addition, he contributed to the million-selling book Jesus Freaks, written by the Christian music group D.C. Talk and VOM.
Big dogs are loyal, fun to train (after all Fifi does not know any commands other than come here. Ha ha.) and an experience I want my kids to be a part of, the way I had growing up.
My home state, Utah, has had a couple of recent incidents of what is called "stolen valor," where people claim military honors that are undeserved. The latest is with a man named Dave Groves,* 67, who claims to have been a POW in Vietnam. He said he was with an airborne unit, captured and held captive by the North Vietnamese for six months after his unit was ambushed. He said he escaped and hid in the jungle for two weeks before being rescued by a Marine patrol. Groves was part of a dinner on April 13 held for ex-POW's, which got a lot of local media attention.
Karl: Newt Gingrich will not vote for Newt Gingrich
If a girl has constantly been cheated on and used and abused by the bad boy, she may believe that this is the norm with regard to guy behaviour. She probably overlooks the ‘nice guy’ because she has been worn down emotionally and her mind-set only speaks a bad guy philosophy.
If you critically need to improve your memory, then create a habit of actively playing the many term suits which come going to be accessible online. the majority of those term suits are offered free. last wish that advancement of memory space could possibly be really type of you and really best wishes for just about any pleased life!
It was nice to spend all day outside in the 80 degrees instead of the 110 degrees. I realized though when I got home that Ladybug has a pretty good tan line just on the portion of her calf that is showing above. Oops!
Farina has assisted in the growth by expanding territory where brewery sells its products to 17 states. In 2007, its brands were sold only in Pennsylvania and parts of New Jersey and New York. Working with Scranton-based distributor LT Verrastro President Pat Verrastro, Farina also has assisted in expanding the Lion Brewery's brands to more bars and restaurants throughout Northeastern Pennsylvania as well.
“Tyler Perry’s Madea’s Big Happy Family” had a decent opening, landing in second place with $25.75 million in its first weekend.
I will endeavor to not bitch about crap beer in my next post, I promise.
MadGabs
2. Every comment counts so chat away. Please include your email in your comment.
“Germany is leading the world in the development of eHealth cards,” added Andreas Lösch, Vice-President, Gemalto. “With the new eGK card we are fulfilling a requirement for a secure online connection between users and their health insurance company. This is a key move towards e-services.”
Dezyama leaves behind her husband, her adopted elder son Jakrim Jordano D. Sangma, now 9 months old, and the infant baby boy who is as yet unnamed, as well as many other family members and relatives. She was just 36 years of age.
You can have any combination of shoes, dresses, skirts, tops and jackets as long as it adds up to ten individual items.
Don Gullet seems scared. Perhaps he knew he'd one day end up on the Yankees.
BD Riley's is one of favorite SXSW venues because it's cozy and small, and most of all pours a true imperial pint of Guiness. Plus, the bands can also vamp for the people on 6th since the stage has windows that open out to it.
As anyone with eyes to see must know by now, those who say they are the British establishment's sworn enemies are no better than the ruling elite. To the take the most egregious case, "progressive" Londoners still appear willing to vote for Ken Livingstone in the London mayoral elections next year, even though he backed Qaradawi and went on to take the money of the Iranian regime's propaganda station Press TV, after the mullahs' secret policemen had killed and raped pro-democracy demonstrators in Tehran.
--"Tranquilo," he says, 275 times in the first lesson. I'm supposed to be looking into his eyes, To use them as rear-view mirrors, maybe? This is progressive dance, he should have his eyes on the road. The only place it makes sense for the partners to make eye contact is on the stage, and it's for the benefit of the audience, not each other. But these are technicalities.
The discovery, published in the journal Science, could lead to the first drug treatments for a mysterious disorder that affects 17 million people worldwide.
A wall standing alone is useless, but put three or four walls
“The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen, man’s hand is not able to taste, his tongue
Please reset your bookmarks, readers, or whatever else you use to follow along with my brain droppings, and find me at The Matinee.
Aside from the issue of what the word actually means, there's the even hazier issue of what it implies.
In my quest for a single bottle of BBPA, I snagged a single of Lakefront Brewing’s Pumpkin Lager, remembering how enjoyed their pumpkin offering last year in Denver and a single of Abita Brewing’s Pecan Harvest (and some others) remembering with fondness a bunch of Shiner Holiday Cheer’s that I’ve enjoyed. (You remember that one from Texas that’s brewed with pecans and peaches…ah, delicious.)
10 minutes – United are looking very comfortable here. I’m sure they’d feel as tense and anxious as I always do if their wives were all medicated up to the eyeballs every waking hour. I’ve told you a million times, depression isn’t an illness, it’s a type of sadness, Jan!
MH: Why giants?
it, administrations support, not sending food out for processing, and
But within the life cycle
For the most part, the internet has been a blessing to those of us struggling with infertility, allowing us to connect and share information and support. Unfortunately though, it seems to be another prime source of information and comments best left ignored. The anonymity of the internet allows people to feel entitled to say things to and about us that they would never have the courage, and many times even the inclination, to say to our faces. For example, early on in my blog, I wrote a post which contained some of my feelings about the experience of adopting my daughter. Someone commented that they had featured my blog post on their blog and to click over and check it out. When I did, I discovered that this person had used my words, which I had thought were filled with love, as evidence that adoption was bad. Several of her readers commented that I should never have been given a child in adoption, and that I was not a fit parent. My first response was to get upset and defensive and leave a comment of my own--but I soon realized it wouldn't do any good. After all, these folks had never met me, and really didn't have any valid information with which to judge my suitability for parenthood. Any comment that I wrote would be unlikely to change their minds, and an internet fight was not going to be good for my emotional health. So I decided to leave the situation alone, and it quickly blew over, without any effort on my part.
When the SOS started her presentation she asked for a show of hands of who was affiliated with the military. Maybe 10 of us raised our hands? Of those that did, most were retired or married to retired soldiers. I think maybe me and one other person are married to someone still active duty (and I think her husband is actually HR related, not combat arms). It made me feel desperately alone. I've experienced first hand what the kids of deployed soldiers have gone through and that makes me an oddity at my current school. But what made me really sick, was looking up after re-gaining my composure and seeing quite a few of my fellow co-workers tuning this woman's heartbreaking interview out and even chuckling with each other about god-knows-what, but it can't have been important. Here this school is, in the middle of a major transition, where not a few students but many are experiencing very real fear and pain over their parents' deployment. And their teachers, who are supposed to care about their well being can't give a women who's trying to help (the SOS) the time of day. If I hadn't been on the edge of losing my composure to begin with I would have walked over and had a few choice words with those who were being disrespectful.
Maybe we'll pitch one of the tents tonight if the power is still out...
He does not possess the depth of Greek thinkers,
Quite rounded and rich on the nose, with a satisfying hint of yeast autolysis on the palate. Lightly nutty with good acidity. A touch of brioche and good length on the finish.
A Little Harmless Fascination is just as hot and sexy as the other books in the series! It isn't as heavy in the BDSM as some of the other books, but it was still a very entertaining and enjoyable read!
To be fair, one of these two guys (my ex) always had a little problem with the appropriateness of lyrics. When we were dating, I made the mistake of saying that we should have “a song.” His suggestion: With or Without You by U2. Great song but I wasn’t thrilled by the implications of the lyrics so I rejected that option. His next proposal was I Still Haven’t Found What I’m Looking For. *sigh* He couldn’t understand why I was so upset about or why, despite the fact that U2 is really awesome, that he might have wanted to go with another band for that conversation.
There are seasons in our lives when we will mourn and have sorrow. But there also are times that are meant for joy.
