Me and my husband have also managed to get some quality time with each other, enjoying our first night away since Rock Baby has been born to celebrate my birthday. We stayed in a gorgeous hotel in Cambridge (Hotel Du Vin), had a fantastic room with baths at the bottom of the bed!! My husband spoilt me rotten and we had time just to talk without being interupted and able to concentrate on the conversation and more importantly just to laugh together. We also slept in till 11am the next morning woo hoo, it was amazing.
Butler’s agony is an object lesson for us in two ways. The obvious one is that we need to write regularly to keep our minds in gear. The less visible aspect is that some people are so discouraged by the process of getting their creative machinery up and running again that they give up. If that were all there was to it, it would be painful enough, but of course giving up on a dream chews at the back of a person’s psyche and makes it harder to start again.
We have purposely chosen to incarnate in a world of vibration/anti-vibration. That is to say life/love – anti-life/fear.
I know without having to ask why,
I have been saving for and dreaming and wishing of adding a couple of supplies to my iHeart Organizing business plan. 2 GIANT items in fact...
-Herbs (dill, mint, chives, basil)
Happy 5th birthday to my daughter Haley. Here’s ten notes of fatherly advice that you can cash in on later in life (or when you learn to read a little bit better).
1. Outer Space. The smallest mention of black holes and other galaxies sends me into a panic attack where I must confront the meaninglessness of the universe and the worthlessness of human existence. For real. Why do people want to travel to space? There’s a enough shit on earth for everyone to see, do and deal with…
London Bridge is falling down falling down falling down
Wednesday: … And for all these reasons, I have decided to scalp you and burn your village to the ground.
Did I happen to mention that I have a lot of Edward D. Wood Jr. movies in my collection?
That's my ultimate dream: to lift others up with the blessings I've been given. I suppose I'm going to get there in a roundabout way and at a glacial pace (Aaron Standard Time), as I've done everything my whole life, but there you go.
A rug for my dining room was always on the cards but I assumed I'd go with something more modern and practical like those woven jute ones you see everywhere. But having something like this could possibly take the room to a whole other level of eclectic sophistication that I'm after.
Making a change in your life… any change… involves a certain amount of work.
SCACD just got in a bunch of new paper pads and other products ordered from CHA. Stop by and take a look, I'm going shopping too! Have a great day!
Also in “The War Child”
After some investigation, it’s unclear.
But there's a 'but' in the message.
But proponents maintain that the devices — which are used by more than 16,700 law enforcement agencies in 107 countries, said Steve Tuttle, a spokesman for Taser — pose less risk to civilians than firearms and are safer for police officers than physically tackling a suspect. The results of studies of the devices’ safety in humans have been mixed.
It was probably an hour and a half before Sara came on. I told you she made us wait! But when she finally walked out on stage, the crowd erupted. Sara looked adorable. She was wearing a black jumpsuit, shiny black ankle booties and a black bow in her hair. Throughout the show she made several remarks about this headband and bow. She said it was a new look for her and asked if she looked okay. Of course we all said yes!
Day two at hanasu, we would like to introduce you to a program that has been around for a while but is not known for its language learning resources. Over the past ten years, MIT has offered more and more classes online for free. Some of these courses include only the syllabus and recommended texts, but others go much further. They include multimedia, recordings of classes, and free textbooks. The program is called Open CourseWare and there are now over 2100 classes available. MIT, known very well in the world of linguistics for notable alumni such as Noam Chomsky, also offers a number of different language learning courses as well. The free textbooks are especially worthwhile. I have been using one to study Chinese in preparation for a trip there this summer.
Aravinda and Chinthaka had however explained that they were only taking visuals of the Randiva newspaper Editor and journalist entering the CCD office to give their statements on the Hirunika Premachandra case and that as journalisst they had every right to do so.
Later on:
First of all, let us talk about hybrid, because this is important for your readers and your listeners to understand. Hybrid is a term that many of you will think of as starseeds, and yes, it can certainly include a starseed. But then there are hybrids that are, oh, a mixture of starseed and what we would think of as Earthling, completely Earthling. And these are also ones that are very involved in the forward movement of Earth and Gaia as she ascends, and the creation of Nova Earth.
I keep working to refine what I write, to learn more from this tool, to pursue more goals in my writing. It’s an ingrained habit for me, and whatever else it teaches me, that alone has been good enough to keep me at it.
I found the box label TODDLER TOYS and undid the folded corners before I thought of the consequences. I gently pulled item after memory filled item from the box while my husband shouted up encouragement like, “More over to your left. I see the plastic bin next to the box with the reindeer.”
I’m just glad that my Guild members are more picky about the jobs we taken on, which means those green beans are pretty lucky too. But let’s see, what was I … Oh yeas, assessment;
Since we should endorse internalism, at least one of the premises of his argument is false. If given enough time, I would argue that 1, 3, and 5 are dubious, if not false. Probably the best way to respond to Bergmann would be to focus on what is wrong with premise 1. Any thoughts from others who have read Bergmann's book?
I kicked the clothes basket next to the bed with my bare foot. More, I kicked the side with the open slots for vents with my pinky toe. Immediately, pain shot up my leg as my pinky toe was ripped off by the plastic edge and thrust up the side of my calf. I screamed in agony, stumbled, zombie-like, to the bed, and fell, my foot aching a sweetly sharp ache, phantom-limb-pain confusing my foot and its sudden lack of toe.
What do you love about racing?
The Electrician came out and got Cam-man out of the car, and we came in had some lunch, and then the Electrician and Cam-Man went to run errands. Me…well, I baked 8 loaves of “Amish Friendship bread”. So, I now have 8 loaves of friendship bread and 8 starter kits, hmm, who am I going to inflict this on? I’ve got some people lined up, TRUST me.
The very first thought that crops up in anybody's mind whenever you refer to the word 'sweater' is that it is some type of a garment that may be very good only for defense against the cold and is to be worn only through the winter. Though this doesn't have to be perpetually true and sweaters may be worn through other seasons also, it just demonstrates the extent of feelings that people have for this garment, when they associate it with only the warmth and comfort it provides during the winters.
Faithfulness
So if any of you more technically advanced bloggers out there could help me, it would be most appreciated! With both issues mentioned, if possible.
Hey everyone! Welcome to my WordPress blog! The reason I created this is to make it easier for me to publish my articles and thoughts, and to be able to do so from almost any device. This will (hopefully) mean more posts and RSS support.
On the side where good news happens, tomorrow my best friend and I go to pick up my hedgehog. I’M PUMPED! This is gonna be great. Watch he (my hedgehog) hates me. That’ll suck -.- lol
This beer is not for those who don't like hops. It was a great combination of the malt with the double hops though. Although the bitterness and hops are in your face from the beginning, it wasn't overwhelming. The sweetness of the caramel was their at the beginning, but it isn't enough to take away from the bitter finish. The brewmaster really outdid him/herself with this beer. Even with the high ABV (9.20%) I could sit and have a handful of these.
Green Peas
Pork-free (no alcohol used in cooking).
For over a century, the Democratic Republic of the Congo has been plagued by regional conflict and a deadly scramble for its vast natural resources. The greed for Congo’s wealth has been a principal driver of atrocities and conflict throughout Congo’s tortured history. In eastern Congo today, resources are financing multiple armed groups,many of whom use mass rape as a deliberate strategy to intimidate and drive the local population away from mines and other areas that they wish to control.
"Genius, I'll get a fortune in royalties and increased sales of the original. Perhaps it's time to die my hair pink with orange streaks through it."
Here are the batts:
Many from the Northern Kingdoms were fleeing from the Assyrians around 700 BC
Computer (what isn't done on computer?)
Ink/medium:copics,memento ink tuxedo black
"Monica Sone's account of life in the relocation camps is both fair and unsparing. It is also deeply touching, and occasionally hilarious."-New York Herald Tribune
There have been a lot of inspiring Christmas projects at the linky parties lately. I wanted to try sooo many of them, but time is working against me! Here are a couple that fit so well with my home and family that I had to make time for them!
Makes me laugh
“Not that we haven’t grayshirted, or talked to guys about grayshirting,” Richt added. “If you tell five of those guys ‘Hey we’ve got 20 spaces. I can sign 25. There’s a good chance that by school starts there’ll be room for you, because of the attrition that happens every year everywhere you go. If there’s space for you, you come in with your class. If there’s not space for you, are you willing to come in in January? …
Anne's younger brother had been given an assignment to write a report on birds. Like most children, he put the report off until the night before it was due. Sitting at the dining room table he quickly became frustrated and overwhelmed with the amount of information on birds. His dad returns home to find his son panicked. In one of his better parenting moments, he sits down next to him, places his arm around his shoulders and says to him, "Buddy just take it bird by bird". To be really honest I don't remember if the "bird" report was completed, but I don't think that was the point of the story. At least it was not the lesson I took from it.
“Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer; for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.”
Changes to the Fisheries Act put a wide range of lakes, rivers and wetlands at risk nationwide by limiting protection only to fish habitat that supports a defined and existing fishery. The previous Fisheries Act, although far from perfect, protected not only fish, but ultimately our water, too. Changes to both the Fisheries Act and Species at Risk Act put far more power into the hands of the federal cabinet and industry-focused regulators, such as the National Energy Board. The result? Major developments will be fast-tracked with less information about and scrutiny of their environmental and economic impacts.
I'm a little late getting my stuff ready for this week, because my husband came back from a 2 month school he went to in VA. It's been nice to have him home and get some back up with all these kids that outnumber just me!
How does a wife of one and mother of four (at home) "take it easy" for an indefinite amount of time?
An interesting divergence of usage has emerge in how our two countries use the word "called" with respect names. In the UK, "named" and "called" are apparently used interchangeably. In the UK, it seems that "In the village lived a man called Smith..." means nothing more than that there was a fellow whose name was Smith.
1. The Accessibility Institute at the University of Texas will be closed effective August 29th 2008.
We all live and flourish within the ecosystem that we call Earth. It is our home for the time being and I don’t envision this changing anytime soon. Regardless of your thoughts on preserving the environment, we all play a critical role in maintaining it for future generations.
Hark! now my funeral card is read,
1 naturalists
Cook the oatmeal with the water till the liquid is absorbed. Stir in cocoa powder and a splash of almond milk to get things moving. Then put the dark chocolate peanut butter in the microwave for 20 seconds until melted and drizzle on top of the oatmeal. Make the pb2 and drizzle it on top as well. Voila!
Even his more light hearted efforts like Ferris Bueller’s Day Off would have these underlying story lines, as Cameron had a difficult life while it seemed like all his friends and all those around him, including his best friend Ferris, had the perfect life.
Turquoise is thought to increase Wisdom. "An old ritual utilized Turquoise to gain wealth. Perform this rite a few days after the New Moon when the crescent is first visible in the sky. Avoid looking at the Moon until the proper time. Hold a Turquoise in your hand. Visualize your magical need -- money -- manifesting in your life. Move outside and look at the Moon. Then directly shift your gaze to the Turquoise. The magic has begun. Carry the stone with you until the money arrives."
The design is called "Christmas Snowflake". I can barely bring myself to type that. My frequent readers will know that one of my biggest pet peeves is calling something a snowflake that clearly isn't. It is a fact of nature that snowflakes always have six points. That is simply the way that water molecules crystallize. Google it if you don't believe me. You wouldn't call a triangular motif a butterfly, because it's not shaped like one; likewise, a motif with any number of repeats other than six is not a snowflake because it's not shaped like one. I am therefore choosing to call this a "Christmas Star" instead. There, I feel better.
Summer Delight
Today will be our fifth full day in Budapest. We’re thoroughly enjoying the many sights and sounds that this city has to offer. Unfortunately, many of our evenings have been peppered with insomnia as we adjust to jet lag.
The morning nurses were some of the most cheerful people we saw there. Once your blood was done you went in for the ultrasound portion. During this time we were surprised to not see our doctor once. We learnt that over the course of your treatments you will be seen by different doctor’s everyday, I didn't like this. I never felt confident that my care was individualized and the decisions that were being made had my case history in mind. You were not given any time with the doctor to ask questions. Instead you were referred to the nurse who would answer questions, handle any dose changes and make sure your treatment was progressing.
In addition to being versatile hairfreé’™ is a very hygienic free hair brush! Hence the name: hairfreé®. Since hairfreé® is so easy to clean, after you remove the unwanted hair, you can sanitize hairfreé® by washing it with warm soapy water and then rinsing. Stand hairfreé® on its end and let dry. hairfreé® will never rust. There is no longer any excuse for you to not to clean your hair brush after every use. This insures that hairfreé® will always be hygiene free.
I do not usually post twice in one day, but since Easter is tomorrow, I thought I would share the Easter treat I created for my daughter's basket. The challenge over at CAS-ual Fridays is to create something you would find in an Easter basket, and I am pretty sure after tomorrow, there will be nothing left of this little treat.
There's a wonderful place that you really should see
As for me, all I know is that my agency always closes for 2 weeks in the month of December. We need a break with no queries, no sample pages, no nothing. It really helps to rejuvenate us for the next year.
With KERS return to F1 next year, the designers are faced with the same operating requirements in terms of energy storage and discharge. But the packaging requirements of the systems have changed in the two years since its introduction. Firstly the penalty of weight distribution has eased. With narrower tyres and the move to a fixed weight distribution for the Pirelli tyres, means that 25kg KERS system no longer tip the weight balance the wrong way. Plus there will be a higher minimum weight limit for next year.
Now, I had to move the milk and other stuff before climbing in. And since I didn't want to do that outside the car, I climbed in the trunk from the inside. Okay, I'm not the smallest person in the world. That being said, fitting in the trunk was an accomplishment all it's own. But taking my pants off? I think I'm more flexible than I give myself credit for, lol.
In a similar vein, I said hi to Miichan once, but it’s not like that means she’s realistically going to be MY WAIFU. LOLOLOLOL!
Luckily the beer doesn't require any heavy thinking.
Since OEW relies on quantitative wave analysis and the objectivity of probability. We are labeling the April decline as Intermediate wave A of Major wave 4 in the DOW, and the current rally as Intermediate wave B. Probabilities, 60%, suggest Major wave 4 has not completed. This count is carried on the DOW daily chart. In all fairness, however, even with a low 20% probability. We will track the April low, as the end of Major wave 4, with an alternate count on the NAZ daily chart.
I socked him straight in the balls.
Henry smacked me in the teeth with a rock. Chipped my front tooth. Dang.
Magic of the music
I am not sure
So last Wednesday here in Australia was ANZAC (Australia and New Zealand Army Corps) Day. This is a day we give thanks to the diggers who fought to protect our country, and also for those currently serving. ANZAC biscuits are said to have first been made during the First World War, as the ingredients don’t spoil easily, and the biscuits kept well during transit. They are one of my favourite things to eat and the recipe is SO easy.
I thank God for being by my husband's side on Monday evening.
Kaushalya and her daughter Sheila treat Seeta as a slave and she is constantly abused and overworked. Seeta is the weak-as-water type of heroine I usually want to slap and tell to pull herself together, but since her rather pathetic and hopeless character is the whole point of this part of the film, I can live with it. Anyway, the focus at this point is much more on Kaushalya who is the best wicked aunt ever. Manorama is outstanding in her role as Kaushalya and has the best selection of grimaces I have seen outside of a gurning competition. Here is just a selection of some of her expressions which she uses to excellent effect.
Nothing but what we somehow chose;
I send him my most loving Deadhead vibes in his next lives and hope to someday meet him again.
@saddet Valis is either crazy or a crock, if you ask me. My money's on temporal lobe epilepsy, on my kinder days.
OK, Professor, we've got that, but how does this help us understand the carbonation and maturation "histories" of the typical Cask v. the lovely Real Ale.
guest list - not even half way
That's the easy part. Now, you have to come up with interesting things about which to write. That's still pretty easy.
Add onion and garlic to the skillet and saute until tender over medium heat. Add bell pepper and continue to saute for another 2 minutes, seasoning with salt and pepper.
As for the original question, how many pairs of shoes does a man need? I don’t know. While I see no need to give Imelda Marcos a run for her money, in my case I feel a need just a few more pairs. Having developed a decent collection in black and brown I feel ready now to broaden my colour palette.
30. If dutty ah deh ah roof tap, yuh barrel ah catch am. Children learn bad habits from their parents.
In interviews, Scorsese has said the reason he made this film was Teddy's final line where he wonders whether it is better to "die a good man than live as a monster", which is definitely something I would have loved to see Scorsese make a movie about. Because I do not believe "Shutter Island" is actually about that. Like "The Shining", it is missing a directorial point of view about anything beyond cinematic style. Sure, the style and tone have a sure hand behind them, but, for me, movies need to be more than that.
4) Flowers jamming the cogs of a machine represent one approach to a general strike, taking time away from ‘productive work’ that profits others to simply grow on our own. This self oriented activity has another consequence—it fouls the smooth working of a system that depends on our devotion to its functioning. It’s also reminiscent of Mario Savio’s famous 1964 speech at The University of California’s Sproul Hall: “And you’ve got to put your bodies upon the gears and upon the wheels, upon the levers, upon all the apparatus, and you’ve got to make it stop. And you’ve got to indicate to the people who run it, to the people who own it, that unless you’re free, the machine will be prevented from working at all.”
You got to love the honesty here...
Ironically, very often dealing with iTunes can often make my blood boil, as it’s the only site on the entire world wide web that I constantly have password issues with.
I CRY: when I'm too harsh with the Older Girl.
Not to mention that it's all "couple-y". You know, Saturday morning, couples all cozy with their blankets and matching chairs and here I am playing zone defense with 2 kids all myself. Barf.
The authors have to prove to us how badly we want things to be bad before they can begin telling us how they’re actually looking pretty good. As they see it, the current nature of our networks and our technologies means “…for the first time in history, our capabilities have begun to catch up to our ambitions.” They do make it clear how today’s technologies are so different. In several clear, convincing chapters they explain the nature of exponential and combinatorial technologies and the ways in which they can spread and change. It is not just the presence of our current technologies, but the ways in which they lay the groundwork for future technologies, that makes this moment so important.
Could this new approach to politics and government triumph in the end? Not in the long term, in my humble opinion. But in the short one, what is doing very effectively is making people, politicians included, re-assess their priorities in life. In the same way Seattle '99 exposed the harsh realities of sweatshops and unethical trade, the consequence of the Arab spring has been a re-evaluation of the role of the West in propping up and knocking down dictators as and when it wishes. Not so long ago Tony Blair shook Gaddafi's hand. And lest we forget it was Mr Blair who joined George W Bush in the illegal invasion of Iraq. The less we see of that kind of attitude the better, and the Arab movement is contributing to that change of mindset. Another effect of the global protest movement is making people understand that the current state of affairs affects almost everyone: from small business owners to young people looking for work. There's a real drive towards creating a better and fairer society and it's encouraging to see the new guard partially leading the way. I wish I could join them, but having been born and lived in a country where demonstrations were ten a penny, had no real or political purpose and brought no change at all, I have sadly become inured to public displays of dissent.
if you don't pass along the street out there,
The £300,000 project, which is longer than three football pitches will illuminate the Queen Elizabeth II Metro Bridge for at least the next 15 years.
Ncc Limited has informed the Exchange that the Company will be publishing the Audited Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the company for the financial year ended March 31, 2012 within 60 days of the end of the financial year i.e., on or before May 30, 2012.
“You stated in the trial that you were the reason for her death,” I muster up the confidence to remind him of the fact.
I’ve always had a hard time resisting the urge to spend money on more Army gear. In my experience, the Army provides you everything you need to complete any given task. But there are so many things that you can buy that make completing that task easier, more comfortable, or sexier.
OCCUPY CHRISTMAS AT ZUCCOTTI (like Brookfield would say 'yes').
So -- a 15% discount AND a free baby swim shirt!
The first question that came to me was: “How is this different from colonialism?” Prof. Romer suggested in his speech that this idea differed from colonialism in that the latter had “an element of coercion and condescension”. But even if the theory works fine, there might be ideological barriers in some developing countries, as was the case when China first created its SEZs.
Ten minutes isn’t much time when you have to cover more distance than several football fields, especially when you take into account the extra padding around the middle.
Before Disney featured Miyazaki’s works, I was familiar with only one of his films, My Neighbor Totoro.
3. And even when He was dead, He had to get up because there was still work to do.
¤The movie was supposed to be a dark and bit more sinnister movie but they ended up rewriting it with a more humouristic touch.
Most people are familiar with the set up for these stories: A sultan thinks all women are promiscuous and unvirtuous, so he marries a new woman each day, and then has her killed the following morning so she can't cheat on him. No one really likes this system except the sultan, and one day his vizier's smart and beautiful daughter Scheherazade tells her father to offer her up to the sultan in marriage because she has a plan to stop the killing. As they are preparing to sleep, Scheherazade begins telling a story to the sultan that needs to be continued the next night. He spares her life for one day so he can find out what happens next. This goes on and on and on for one thousand and one nights until the sultan learns his lesson and starts trusting women again.
The premise of the story is, three children, whose parents are killed in a mysterious fire, are turned over to their cousin, an actor, named Count Olaf, played by Jim Carrey (Bruce Almighty). Olaf does not hide the fact he is trying to get rid of the children in order to inherit the enormous wealth left by their parents.
SCHLESSINGER: -- nigger, nigger, nigger is what you hear on HB --
To all my things, and to this family of Pāṇḍava and Vṛṣṇi.
At the top of the yard near the door we have a little courtyard. Let's take a look at the courtyard at move-in time.
Digging around for Hitchcock anecdotes is like trying to find just the right cup of sand at the beach; the problem is that the supply is inexhaustible. Nevertheless, to start us off, the Siren is offering a few here.
Cancelled flights and closed airports nearly destroyed our chances to be together and the whole time I kept thinking it was a message from a higher power telling me that we weren't meant to be. Somehow, skies cleared and planes flew again so I then believed that the higher powers were sending me off to another blissful adventure.
XXXXXXXA
Day 07 – Most underrated book
The Recommendation states:”That consideration should be given to amendment of the law to allow prosecution of offences involving racist language or behaviour, and of offences involving the possession of offensive weapons, where such conduct can be proved to have taken place otherwise than in a public place.”
Problem 2: Wasting My Time
Our donor and his boyfriend had returned from their trip but had been invited up to a mutual friends cabin to go camping for the weekend…the same weekend I was ovulating. Luckily, they know what we’ve been up to and they invited us along so that we could continue to try that weekend. I was grateful that it was much more of a house without cable or internet in the woods than a real rustic cabin and I could be pretty relaxed and comfortable for the weekend. We realize that the guys are doing us a favor by working with us so we really try our best to be accommodating, but this whole “let’s-go-camping-AND-try-to-make-a-baby” road show is really getting old. We asked to please really not have to do it again. Nonetheless, we survived it and got a few tries in that weekend.
Kate: “Most of the staff can agree on their love for Bare Escentuals products…so here’s another! Buxom Big & Healthy Lip Polish. Of course, my favorite color is Katie – a pale pink which adds a shimmery tint to my lips. It’s not super sticky (I hate when my hair immediately sticks to my lips when I’m outside!) and gives your lips that extra boost of fullness without the painful feeling like of having just licked a jalapeno pepper, like other lip-plumping glosses.”
This is a quick no frills salsa recipe that I always make. I usually have all the ingredients in my pantry and I have cilantro growing in my backyard.
Also I doubt I would let it get to the stage of burnout. Why would you? Maybe it is because I have held down so many highly stressful and time consuming jobs in the past that I find it a totally alien concept to force that kind of extra stress onto myself doing something I am supposed to be enjoying.
Suppose a local bank wants to expand its business and starts loaning out money to a neighborhood some distance away with no box stores and lots of small businesses. They get one businessman to take a $10,000 loan. Suppose they get other businessman and women in that neighborhood to take out loans over a period of ten months. At one loan a month a total of $110,000 will be out on loan plus $11,000 in interest due. The first man to take a loan shows up to pay it off. He tells the branch manager that he had some local TV reporters in his neighborhood interviewing the workers whose call center had been suddenly closed that morning. It seems that the federal government had trained workers in Asia to speak English well enough so that another American company had just sent 150 jobs overseas. Half of the people who lost their jobs lived in the neighborhood. The man who paid the loan said he was glad he did because it looked bad for the local businesses. The branch manager called the businesswoman he had made a loan to the day before. She gladly returned the loan as there was no point in remodeling her restaurant.
like a daddy spider,
But you can do it again… “you did it before, right?”
But this problem with human nature is not restricted to psychopathic Islamic extremist polygamists. Socialism has much in common with Osama’s lack of housekeeping. When everything is owned in common, then people don't care for it properly, because others can abuse it or can skate along with no effort on their own part. That's one reason, for instance, that agricultural output in the former Soviet Union kept decreasing every year, despite all the new agricultural policies. When people don't own the crops they produce, and when others can benefit from someone else’s work, then people will not work as hard.
So how do you ask did I come to this conclusion? The teachers are all running mad I tell ya! The stacks of paperwork are piling higher, I am sure that I can see someone under there somewhere. But do not blink as before you know it, that little ole teacher will be gone in a flash off to another mind-bending task.
Thanks for the inspiration, Sarah!
I don't know about you, but I would rather sit in boiling oil for eternity rather than listen to Bieber and Black for however long the entire discography for both of them combined would last (what, 30 minutes or something?) But then again I'm not a prepubescent girl with problems that include choosing the right seat.
The family that we know also has friends who took in a dog as a foster. The group was not really known and their friends thought they were the last step before the “fur”ever home process. Little did they know, they were the first step. The dog they got was never socialized nor did any of the blood work come back from the vet before this boy was placed. Needless to say, things didn’t go well. The dog was never in a home, never near another dog and when they tried the socialize session, the family pet was bitten. It gets worse. The friends tried to call the rescue and I was told they were verbally abused by someone from the rescue and had no regard for what happened to the family pet. When the foster family tried to explain that they had indeed fostered before and this is nothing like what they were used to, I’m told that the rescue continued to blame them.
Since we found out that my dad was sick with cancer this past year, I won't leave the house without hugging and kissing my parents. I have come to realize that every minute I have with them is a gift from God. Every hug, every word, every kiss—all gifts that I tuck into the treasure chest of my heart. I cherish their wisdom, their loving kindness, and yes—their touch.
But what about the other scores of 300 across the world?
All events will be held at Jones-Wynn Funeral Home in Villa Rica, Ga.
America is in deep trouble and is in need of genuine repentance. Although there is an active remnant of true believers, the vast majority of our population gives little or no attention to God. Our government and court systems increasingly pass laws and policies that will surely lead to persecution for the believers. Our arts and entertainment industry is a cesspool of immorality. Broken marriages and troubled households abound and in recent years a massive effort is being made to drastically redefine the God ordained institution of holy marriage. Violence fills the land. Our educational system has been very successful at breaking down the moral constraints. Brooksyne and I see this brokenness first hand in our ministry to the workplace, but it’s evident to anyone who turns on the news or reads a newspaper. I believe one of the greatest evidences of this escalating trouble is spiritual blindness.
Due Date: Tuesday, May 29, 11:59 PM (2 days)
We happened to come across one of the most beautiful stores I have ever seen called Alexandra AD. The store was full of period buffets, guilded wood objects, and swedish, French and Italian antiques!
The thrillingly dark sequel to New York Times bestseller, DIVERGENT.
His efforts were successful. He easily qualified for officer's school and performed there as well as he had throughout his previous schooling. There was no doubt in anyone's mind that he'd be sent to captain's school. And he was. Everything came together for him there - his mental and physical maturation, his rigorously-learned lessons, his intuitive understanding of what was expected of him and what was required to succeed, and his learned and refined ability to interact with and dominate others.
BLS Report says that 120,000 seasonally adjusted jobs were added in March … below February when 240,000 were added.
*Handle your contact lenses with care.
I could be hit by a car tomorrow. There are no guarantees in life.
Switch it up. See where it takes you.
3. Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue- Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue eau de toilette is a stunning perfume, overwhelming and irresistible like the joy of living. Surprising and colored: the liveliness of Sicilian citron, the happiness of Granny Smith apple, the spontaneity of bluebells. Feminine and resolute: the intensity of jasmine, the freshness of bamboo, the charm of white rose. Deep and true: the character of cedar wood, the fullness of amber, the embrace of musk.
So what about those who see or hear or otherwise experience “ghosts?” If these phantasms are not the spirits of dead people, what are they?
Poet of the Ages?
It was 3:24 in the p.m., a full 11 hours before closing time.
Contact: Sheryl Weinstein, director, public relations, Sheryl.m.weinstein@njit.edu, 973-596-3436
This isn’t the first time Ms Campbell has been linked with a TV programme for modelling. Back in 2009 she was linked to the UK-based programme, Britain’s Next Top Model, which was later presented by supermodel Elle Macpherson.
Pigeon eyes always
When I was in high school I also had a reputation. And it was not a very good one by many standards.
Whew, hi all, how's it going??? I've been soo bad at blogging, it's so hard to find time to create and blog about it as well! But alas, I'm here now, I can feel guilt free for at least a little while:) Lately, I've been in Art Journaling heaven!!! As a scrapper, I've always played with mixed media, but never in an Entire little journal
Who forgives your sin and heals you?
Uploading your video content for your web series onto social media websites such as Facebook.com and Youtube.com does not mean that you are relinquishing your copyright ownership. Instead, you are granting these websites a license to use, display and store that content in connection with the services that they provide.
Anyway, while I've almost always disliked the beads, like with so many things I've still got a few of them in the evergrowing stash, having beaded for years now. In this case, the ice pearls came from two bead mixes I got ages ago. Just recently I sat down and sorted the beads -- having searched for the crackled glass beads in the mixes to illustrate a blog post -- and put them all in neat little piles, one for each bead type/shape. And I must say the colour combo in the ice pearl pile ignited a spark.
Next week we roll out another new show called "Beers With Boles"... a revamped one-man version of our old show "Taste Buds." The week after that... yet another new show we're keeping under wraps for now. Check 'em out and let us know what you think!
Uh huh huh huh huh
And what else is there in Peterborough? Well, it’s a real plus that the city museum has reopened in the last few weeks. A lesson to the likes of Nottingham and Derby, which have closed their city museums recently, it is the only place where you can find out about the history of the city and what took it from being the UK’s biggest manufacturer of bricks to the the 1970s ‘new town’ it is today.
The scene had been going on for about five minutes now. My husband was trying to change Evelyn’s diaper, which was wet and heavy and very smelly. My daughter was crying like her heart was breaking into a million pieces.
Making decisions not in the right mental frame of mind, when physically tired, or upset, will never yield a good thing. Haste makes waste.
When I watch movies like Pulp Fiction and The Departed, I am absolutely astonished that someone had the mind to create twisted stories that show how the jigsaw puzzle fits together in the end. Ironically, when I began to pick apart my own life, I started to see the connection between all the events just like those films. This shit’s crazy! I could see how this clusterf*ck of a life all fits together. Everything fits together. At this point in my life, my mission was just To Be.
Otis Haschemeyer
JSH﻿
There’ll be no more from now on
*“Be Safe Little Boy” book: We already have this book, but this one was in much better condition that ours and for only .50 I couldn’t pass it up!
Comme s'il s'y lavait, il piaffe en pleine boue,
Leave the shorts right-side out and match the rough/cut ends of both the jeans and the fabric.
– Go boil your head, you ugly relic.
In the opening paragraphs of the article I kept thinking to myself, “Wow, this is how I think…..and many of my teaching friends and colleagues.” I never thought teachers would come up in the article and was pleasantly surprised when teachers were discussed and most especially how we were discussed. Apparently education is indeed a life-long process and being coached can be a matter of choice as opposed to a matter of punishment.
½ cup maraschino cherries, drained and chopped
In an ideal world, it's my view that this wouldn't involve Ofsted with all its attendant problems of coercion, unaccountability and authoritarian ways of going on. In an ideal world, the ministry itself could call for schools to develop such polices without there being coercion attached. In an ideal world, such policies can only be implemented (my personal view) in an environment not dominated by SATs.
3 contained
There are tons of tools and systems you can leverage that can teach you how to do these things. You don’t have to stay on the sidelines anymore because you don’t know how to get started. This is an amazing system that I’m using to grow my business online. You should check it out. If you have any questions feel free to contact me on Facebook or shoot me an email. I am here to help you reach your goals and LIVE YOUR DREAMS!
He was met with a small trickle of water as it made its way out the bathroom door. As he peered inside he found wet towels, scummy soap and more toys strewn over the floor. Miles of toilet paper lay in a heap and toothpaste had been smeared over the mirror and walls.
So, One Million Moms is this group of supposed moms. They call themselves One Million Moms even though there are only 40,000 “moms” in the group. I suppose this is wishful thinking? If this tact is working for them, then maybe I should change the name of this blog from Sweet Mother to ONE MILLION HITS PER DAY because that’s what I want. Is it possible to wish your membership growth by way of your group naming? I suppose it’s similar to that basketball player who changed his name to Meta World Peace. I can only suppose that’s what he’s going for with such a retarded name. I want world peace, so I’m going to change my name to World Peace. Along these lines of thinking, I should definitely head down to city hall and change my name to FAMOUS WRITER B. RICH.
- if no shelter outdoors, go to the lowest elevation, crouch down on the balls of your feet with heels touching, hands on knees/calfs, head down
The control
I've been doing publicity for the party with my WordArt skills - LMBO!!! My mom and dad went early this morning to help set up. Here's my dad helping out with the balloons.
I am not a neuroscientist. But Professor Tallis does state in his article: “As Stephen Morse, a professor of law, has reminded us, it is people, not brains, who commit crimes and “neuroscience…. can never identify the mysterious point at which people should be excused responsibility for their actions”.
Is there anyone that inspires you especially (artists or otherwise)?
3 out of 5 – Inappropriate Content – Fone develops a major crush on Thorn that is objectified almost entirely throughout the book. Although it is shown off-screen (or, in this occasion, off-panel), Fone and Thorn skinny-dip in a lake. Thorn’s clothing sags frequently, so a bit of her body is exposed almost in every panel she is seen in.
Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
On "Island" Jack wakes up laying on the rocks at the stream like when we saw Jacob discover his brother "dead" after pushing him into the lighted cavern.
Well after my lovely rest yesterday we did manage to go shopping today.
People look to pastors as examples of holiness. It is true, that a pastor should be an example for his people, but don’t think that we are perfect examples! I am not an example of the holy obedience God requires for heaven. But neither were Aaron and his sons.
Some of us are extremely comfortable with our lives… others are ok but could be better… and there are yet those who wish they could wake up from this nightmare, but no alarm sounds off! I have met people who can talk about money for hours, and what they are doing and who they work with etc. I have heard others who can talk about their diabetes medicine, or how many doctors visits they make, and how high gas, food, housing is, etc. Why is this? What determines how we occupy our time? Most people we meet are either secretly wishing to be rich or are actually openly trying to make the next dollar. I have heard many wealthy people say that poor people are lazy and don’t want to work and just make babies and don’t educate themselves etc. The list goes on, and people ask why should everyone have equal money and equal opportunity, and all that…
9) Candles
Ned Stark is definitely a typical good man caught in a political situation gone bad as he finds himself becoming Robert Baratheon’s unwitting Hand of the King and ultimately it is not a role that ends well for him or the rest of his family by the time we get to the second half of the season and Robert’s tyrannical son Joffrey succeeds his father to the throne.
4. Melt 2 T of butter and add 1/4 cup of milk. Keep the mixture warm on low heat until the potatoes are done.
Edited to add: I did do some more colouring on the image. It's funny how you sometimes don't notice stuff like that until you see the photo of it on your blog.
As Brickstainable describes it, their brick system "showcases the ability to look at new ceramic-based wall assemblies. Strategies include thermal dynamics, self-shading, moisture reduction, hydroscopic, evaporative, and termite behavior studies."
"We should be in the business of living, not making a living.” -Lucien Bourjeily
Third the venues for getting 'viability' sooner are huge. Investment in better pre-natal care, better embryology, better technology and techniques to sustain life outside the womb or transfer a fetus to an alternative host offer many and vital ways to push ever further back the time of 'viability' closer and closer to conception. This will have many side-benefits of children born healthier and with diseases and disorders addressed in the womb to remove birth defects or other systemic disorders and try to address them before they can happen. With the knowledge we have garnered from adult stem cell use, we can examine fetal development and seek to address auto-immune disorders before they happen and correct other genetic deficiencies long, long before birth. The energy into holding the line on life beginning at conception also means we see great value in the first few weeks and months after conception and are willing to invest in charities and for-profit institutions to research this critical time of development. These are important areas as they will also begin to close off the other reasons for abortions: genetic disorders, systemic diseases and other problems that would either kill the fetus or create life limiting conditions after birth. This can be done through existing funds, charities and corporations, or creating new ones specifically devoted to these issues.
I haven't been posting lately, too busy hanging out and catching up and enjoying the holiday season!
Mexico was always temporary so plants didn't feature. Spain had that same kind of temporary feel, so we resuscitated some geraniums, but didn't really lovingly grow anything. Paris always felt a bit more permanent so out came the window boxes again and for a while there I dallied with growing vegetables and grew the world's smallest beetroots. It could have gone into the Guinness book of records if I had contacted them. Apart from 'Grateful' a palm we found abandoned at the end of the road one night, plants sort of petered out of my life for a while there and 'Grateful' even gave up the ghost when my first cat arrived.
So, after that rather lack-lustre review, I must hope for better things to say next time. I move on to The Age of Innocence by Edith Wharton.
What is coming up for you in 2012? I hear you’ve just completed a project where you worked with the likes of Robert DeNiro and 50 Cent…
I’ve been home since Thursday and am not leaving until tomorrow. The glory of not having to cook for yourself can truly be relaxing! Tomorrow I WILL be posting a new recipe that I will trying! I’ll be back at my apartment and cooking for myself again. So everyone be on the look out for something really good!
Dena Dyer is a busy wife, mom, and entertainer and she is constantly losing things—but she’s holding onto her sanity (barely). Her favorite forms of therapy? Cuddling with her two sons, date nights with her hubby, reading, and blogging.
Have you ever been bitten by a poisonous snake? Were you worried about dying?
Much to their surprise, every man in this unit was a clone of Duncan O’Finioan, 20 years younger than his current age and in top shape. One was still alive. McCollum, using torture techniques because clones have no rights, chopping off fingers and testicles, got the clone to talk.
For my Digi Doodle card, I looked through the website a few times to let something 'speak' to me. Lots of images were shouting, so it was a hard decision! I finally settled on this lovely floral heart.
Here is someone trying to get elected to lead the country, and in that is campaigning to help mystical people.
I unbuckled my seatbelt and started to get out but lingered a moment to see what openings might arise. Sandee said "you look hot, I love that tie," as she reached out to touch it and then softly patted it against my chest. Yes, I have been known to be a bit reactive in the romance department at times enjoying the woman to make the first move. Maybe it's just my ego (probably).
It's another week of cake envy for me as the cakes I see here by far surpass my feeble attempt at this weeks challenge. I love the variation in appearance, and I wonder if this is because we have each interpreted the recipe in our own way?
I’ve been trying to remember books we read and discussed at Book Club. The only one I can remember with certainty was Suite Francaise, by Irene Nemirovsky. And I think we discussed Diplomatic Baggage by Brigid Keenan - a book about expat wifedom that made me laugh so much that I fell off my sofa.
My daughter and I were on our way to meet friends at Barnes & Noble. As always, I was running late.
Once they debut ,the singing group is their primary activity.Since they are trained as all around entertainers though, they do solo work on the side. The most common example of these solo activities are stage plays, Japanese dramas, and commercials. Some other rarer examples are Kato Shigeaki from the group NEWS has written a book recently, which is a first for a Johnnys, and Arashi’s Ohno Satoshi has done an art exhibition a while back. Idols are all around entertainers and have many talents other than just singing or just acting.
All agreed the event was successful. We reinforced our message, made it clear that the issue of the disappearing Wallace trick had not gone away. We live in hope some kind of groundwork was laid for a positive outcome a very short distance down the road.
“I don’t think you can try that plate again,” said Praymar, not knowing why exactly he thought so. He had some dim recollection of having seen the plate some time long ago, but the memory was vague in his mind. Perhaps it had been a dream. But whatever the reason he was convinced that trying the plate a second time, so soon after the first, would result in some form of disaster for everyone there. Arik, who was not a little bit spooked by all of these bizarre events, pulled his hand back from the dully-glinting bronze plate. Maybe it would be best to leave it for now, he decided.
A truck going north or a cab to the Festival Hall
However, we agree with the conclusion of the Spring Report excerpted below:
So today before getting in I made sure the front door was closed (which means it’s locked from the outside). I was just ready to get out when I heard the front door open and close a few times. I screeched for Buddy and it took 3 or 4 yells before he came running. I asked him if he had opened the front door. he said no. I asked him several more times and when he said no again I told him “If I go out there and the door is open you are going to be in really big trouble for lying to me. Are you telling me a lie?” He of course then said “Oh! I’ll go shut the door then.” Yes…he lied about it.
Amacha: Naturally sweet hydrangea tea brewed yearly in honor of Buddha’s birthday. Significance: In Japanese tradition, people visit temples to pour amacha on the head of statues depicting Buddha’s birth, as if bathing a newborn.
Today at GLH.S. I had the privilege of participating in an event called Challenge Day. To lift exactly from the organizations' website (challengeday.org), the vision is "that every child lives in a world where they feel safe, loved and celebrated" and their mission is to "provide youth and their communities with experiential programs that demonstrate the possibility of love and connection through the celebration of diversity, truth, and full expression".
CS Unplugged is suitable for people of all ages, from elementary school to seniors, and from many countries and backgrounds. Unplugged has been used around the world for over fifteen years, in classrooms, science centers, homes, and even for holiday events in a park!
And it turned out perfectly. I served it with baked garlic fries, fresh green beans, the most delicious au jous ever, and fresh crusty bread. It was amazing and a big step up from the baked ham we usually have but don't actually like. JP drove off, I put the kids to bed, and then I watched Mad Men all by myself and got totally freaked out after googling the story of the serial killer rapist referred to in the show.
I ripped it off and dried my hands and was just tossing it in the trash when the stall on the end opened.
Frank: Obama rescued the American automobile
My two nephews (on my husband’s side) had just turned two years old and boy were they excited for Christmas. Getting to see the joy and anticipation on their faces that I used to feel caused me to feel some of it myself. We all had so much fun setting everything up on Christmas Eve (see the picture above) so that it would be ready for them when they woke up in the morning. When morning finally came the expressions on their faces were more than we could have ever imagined.
They are more ardent after their female: but love seems with them to be more an eager desire, than a tender delicate mixture of sentiment and sensation. Their griefs are transient. Those numberless afflictions, which render it doubtful whether heaven has given life to us in mercy or in wrath, are less felt, and sooner forgotten with them. In general, their existence appears to participate more of sensation than reflection.
Now I leave you with a choice. Stand with me or against me. If you wish to stand against me, one day you’ll wish you hadn’t. If you choose to stand with me, all i ask is that you pass this article and attached video on to all your family and friends and ask that they do the same. The future rests in your hands. Choose wisely.
New Mexico thus became one of only two states that issue driver's licenses to illegal aliens. (Washington is the other. Utah issues driving permits that are not otherwise usable for identification.) And that means New Mexico driver's licenses are not valid forms of identification under the terms of the Real ID Act. That means that, once the US starts enforcing that act's terms, New Mexicans will need something more  like a US passport  to be allowed to board a train or an airplane, or to enter a federal building.
S: Lyrics are the hardest part. I decided not have them in the liner notes because I think it demystifies the songs. I want what I’m saying to be open to interpretation.
Or your Mom or your Dad
Or that runner, pushing a baby stroller of twins. Her babies were no more than a few months old, but she looked to be ready for her next marathon. Her friend, an office worker in a neat pinstripe shirt and gray slacks, gave her a hug and an admiring look. Their walked in nearly one after another, but they parted soon after in opposite directions.
So I do write what I know, but I also write to learn, to expand my understanding of how others have lived and struggled and survived great calamities. Somehow that's reassuring, maybe cathartic. Do you write what you know?
Why will you want these digis? Well, besides the fact that they are GORGEOUS, you can use them to enter our challenges for a chance to win a TCM in-stock stamp set of your choice*!!!! We will have a different challenge each day through Tuesday March 20th that you can enter for a chance to win, but you must use stamps by The Craft's Meow in order to qualify for a prize. In case you don't have any TCM stamps yet... or you just want to try something different from TCM...the digis are available! I will link all four challenges in the sidebar for easy access.
definitely going to have to try them out!
I did nip out for a spot of new bra buying...don't ask.
I would also like to shout out a thanks to both my husband and son. They not only put up with my scrapbook insanity, but encourage me to pursue my passion. I have been married to my husband for over 21 years, and he has always been, not only the love of my life, but my biggest supporter in all aspects of my life. We have built a wonderful life together, and have raised an amazing son. God has definitely blessed me beyond anything I could have imagined!
When you learn to find a bridge between your intuition and your logic, you feel more like your complete self and you become more productive, and you get this feeling that things just become easier for you.
Bad reviews are hard ... and you eventually get a lot of wear on the tread of your soul. Writing is personal, books are our babies ... to hear they aren’t “good” ... well, that’s painful of course ... and I don’t think you can ever outgrow that.
But the film's coolest--and most chillingly unexpected-- scenes is the one where Dr. Wyatt takes on the mantle of "mad scientist". The lighting, editing, and superior acting talent of Anna Lee all add up to the character going to a dark place that few heroic characters go even in the nihilistic modern horror movies.
Urban Decay Primer Potion
After an almost 30 year love affair with, and the GDP of a moderately wealthy country invested in, books, I could not agree more. Any excuse to keep fattening my library, right? It’s a great thought until you have a husband, child, and an insanely cool temp job that you’re hoping will become permanent. The only physical books I’ve read since giving birth were of the board variety, and lately, increasingly focusing on funny noises and gross-out humor. I just don’t think I have any boad books in me, so that doesn’t really help me as a middle-grade writer. And days like today, it took all I had to stay up to watch The Office.
The Copenhagen conference came to a hasty end as the world’s leaders fled the city to avoid being trapped there by a massive blizzard. The global warming they all warned against in 2010 was not occurring and is not occurring.
Nothing wrong with the quality of this. We just haven't used it yet. I was planning on using it in our room for her to sleep in, but we got the Rock N Play Sleeper instead. Then I put it in the family room for when we were down there, but...we're never down there. If we had another room of the house that we were in often - especially if it was on a different floor like our family room is - it'd come in handy for naps and diaper changes. If you have that situation, I'd definitely recommend it. However, we're always on the main floor and I have easy access to diapers and wipes and her swing and bouncer and Rock N Play so we just haven't needed it. This might be a good "wait and see" item.
when my smile brightens your face
He could weave the most fascinating tales. Adventures, mysteries, and comedies were daily conversations. He could hold our whole family spellbound for hours each evening. He was like a friend to the whole family. He took Dad, my brother, and me to our first major league football game. He was always encouraging us to see the films and he even made arrangements to introduce us to several stars. The stranger was an incessant talker. Dad didn’t seem to mind, but sometimes Mum would quietly get up - while the rest of us were enthralled with one of his stories of faraway places - go to her room, read the Bible, and pray. I wonder now if she ever prayed that the stranger would leave?
Im talking ”CHANGE”, which along with self control, is the hardest thing to achieve.
In November 1989 he was sentenced to three years' imprisonment for malicious injury and wilful damage. He was also convicted of recklessly endangering life for shooting a man in the stomach and setting fire to the house of a known drug dealer.
Heck, the Mastercard “Priceless” commercials are practically a clinic on open form poetry. Self-imposed structure, rhythm, internal logic, economy of language, and a profound poignant ending. It’s all in there. Don’t fight it. Behind every catchy turn of phrase you see and read, there’s a poetry class that got to it first.
The bag, inspired by and named after the American singer, embodies characteristics of the Mulberry brand, such as its classic structure and the signature lock and Mulberry bush.
As they both see upon returning to their stomping grounds, the high school dynamic is much different in 2012 than it was in 2005. Jenko is perplexed that the popular kids are now “geeky, crunchy granola hippies” who have no use for him. The shift stuns Schmidt as well, who says, “All the popular students are nerds. I would have been the coolest person in high school had it been this way seven years ago.” Jenko blames “Glee” for the change, but Schmidt actually becomes part of the popular crowd as Jenko finds himself mingling with science geeks. He learns he’s smarter than anyone has ever realized and that he’s done with the nonsense of being liked for the sake of being liked. They roam in drastically different social circles than they did nearly a decade earlier.
And this whole “optimism” thing. I’ll just say it: what the hell does she have to not be positive or optimistic about? What has she overcome? This might be the one thing about her that I am a little bitter about. There are those of us who have lived some pretty hardscrabble lives, who have faced things like abuse and being a runaway and drug addiction and more abuse and abandonment and alcoholism and the untimely deaths of loved ones and imploding marriages and cancer – and who have somehow still managed to hang onto gratitude and humor and, yes, positivity. And those of us who have faced down real adversity like that? Well, it’s just really hard to see someone like Kelle Hampton as a hero.
The challenge this fortnight is Flowers, Bling and Doilies. Perfect for Mother's Day! I want to wish all the Mother's out there a big Happy Mothers! Blue is my mother's favorite color! I know she will love this card.
Notice the areas with the NWS alerts/warnings/watches … and the areas WITHOUT any warnings or watches…. (yellow boxes should be over the storm on the right)
Tome
This project cost me nothing since I already had these materials on hand. Can't beat free decor! I'll also post more on the JOY letters later. It's a simple and quick DIY I found on pinterest (Yes, I am obsessed with Pinterest! Who isn't?) and it cost under $7.00!
Do not mock us; grief has made us unbelieving---
We borrowed the audio CDs and workbook from them and started listening, and it was FANTASTIC! We sat down and started doing the quick budgets, monthly cash flow plan, and working from an envelope system. We were fortunate (in some ways) that it came right around tax time, because we got to put our $1000 savings aside right away, your know, for when the bumper fell off the car because we started managing our money. When I sat down to do our monthly cash flow plan (aka budget) I had a pretty rude awakening. We were paying about a third of our income towards debt that WAS NOT our house every month, this also meant that based on our income, we didn't really have money left for necessities (diapers...or maybe gas...or maybe food, YIKES!) after all of our "bills" So, we set aside another couple thousand to help us get through the next year as we started working the debt snowball plan, and getting gazelle intense about it (listen to Dave, you'll get it).
- bought easyjet toys for my nephews 13 euro x 2
Tuesday 8th to Friday 11th May, was the Kent Home Ed Camp at Kingsdown International Campsite, and it was blumming marvelous! We were a select few that braved the weather and were rewarded with warm, mostly dry weather. A couple of the adults even caught the sun a bit too much!
Mister Man: If it's a television and not an alien, then why does he have antennae like an alien?
The BNP is not the National Front, but the issues and the Lib/Lab/Con troika are the same. as they were in 1979, just much worse. Do not let history repeat itself, do not be fooled again.
Full Licensed Name:
“The choice in the referendum is simple. It is between austerity policies that have failed and are crippling families across the state, or economic stimulus, growth and job creation.
Almost every day since he was born I've seen him or had something to do with him, be it a pat as walking through the paddock to collect another horse, or when his mum had to come in for vetting.
Just click on this page to get a larger view to copy and paste to your computer.
Before we get to our new challenge we have some sad news for our little team. Unfortunately our lovely team mate Manuela has made a really tough decision to step down from the team. We will miss you so much Manuela and wish you every happiness with everything you do!! Thank you so much for everything you did for Whiff of Joy challenge!
9. At least 10 assorted blue buttons
Next stop was Uyuni down in the south of Bolivia. Things didn’t start off very well for us. After being picked up and taken for breakfast, we were supposed to leave for our tour shortly after. Two and half hours waiting at the diner, we figured something was wrong. I walked 20mins around town to find the office of our tour agency closed. Fortunately, a car pulled up and let me in, and then the chap just left. At this moment in time, I was not impressed. Another 10mins passed by, and our travel agent came in and told us she would have to postpone our tour to the next day as there wasn´t enough tourists (the rest of our supposed group had cancelled last-minute). We managed to get free accommodation, lunch dinner and internet access for the day, not that it was a substitute for the wasted day from our busy schedule. But we accepted.
From Lee: There are a many excellent choices in this category, but the one the burst into my mind first was Julia Cameron’s The Artist’s Way. Although not exclusively for writers, The Artist’s Way, is a method for reconnecting with the creative streak inside all of us. Sometimes in the course of day-to-day life, drafts, deadlines and rewrites, we can lose touch with our muse, we can forget why we do what we do. The Artist’s Way is a series of readings and creative activities designed to put you back in touch with the creative well that resides in all of us.
The Lord is my rock, my fortress and my deliverer;
The same poll shows 53% think he deserves re-election. Again, Yahoo wants to make sure you know this right here.
I took this picture as Abby was explaining "OK! Daddy-doggy is ready to go sniff for diapers for E. Let's go!"
I had a sample skein, but not a color card, so I had to trust the colors on the web when I placed the order. They all looked absolutely luminous, and when the yarn arrived, Berroco did not disappoint. Captiva is shimmery and silky, and the colors are just amazing. Iridescent is the word that comes to mind. Think how an opal would look if it were spun into yarn! That's what the Captiva looks like. It's soft and supple but not at all limp.
At first, I was confused, but then I realized that it was a flashback of Frankenstein and Roctis. Hmm, didn’t expect Roctis to look like that. I wonder why Roctis betrayed Raizel and the others…?
Ironically, their work was also beginning to be mass produced by manufacturers who saw a business opportunity in the selling of beautiful homes: art for art's sake became synonymous with interior decor, furniture and the beginnings of an art that overlapped with design – furnishings were produced for ordinary homes in the suburbs, not extraordinary ones in Holland Park, and entrepreneurial Victorian manufacturers started to call what they were making "art decoration" or "art furniture". Everyone, it seemed, could become an "artist" for the price of wallpaper
Due to the amount of pages I would like to share, they will need to be posted over several posts.
We spent two weeks learning how to carefully pour, mix, and serve cocktails. We spent many hours practicing pouring shots, mixed drinks, and martinis. Our practical required us to choose 8 drinks out of a hat and prepare them in a mere 20 minutes.
This took much more work than I expected at first glance, but finally I am finished! (^_^) Maybe next year I will make it as the actual kite, as my husband said he used to make these when he was a boy. It would be a really interesting challenge.
Smoking cigarettes, exposes one’s body to many different cancer-causing agents. According to what I have been explaining, grilling also induce carcinogenicity in some foods.
Then to round off your trip, go to what is left of the Abbey. Bellus Locus Regis – the ‘beautiful palace of the king’, was sadly pretty much destroyed during King Henry VIII’s reign, but you can still enjoy the ruins and they have adapted the surviving parts to give you an idea as to what life was like for the monks.
Less tippy than a canoe, and an easy enough skill to learn the basics of, Smith soon decided to share his newfound passion for kayaking by starting up Carefree Adventures in 2009 and now offers tours, lessons and rentals.
She grumbled furiously and swore under her breath, but did as she was told. I accompanied her to the car, where Smacker gave me a bag containing the exorcism kit. Its only item, of course, was a packet of uncontaminated sugar. While they were gone, I emptied her sugar tin and refilled it from this packet. On their return, I told the old woman that her caravan had been de-hexed and returned with Smacker to the circus.
St. John of the Cross, Carmelite mystic and Doctor of the Church, wrote four major works.
How is the Church described in the Creeds?
849 **D-III/16/1983. “How to Read the Constitution of the United States.” The Law Center, Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, Louisiana. (Incorporated in Item C-1985(6), above, pp. 3-26.)
Sergeant Andries Tshabalala, KwaThema police spokesman, told Morereane that â€˜they were shocked by the incident because police regularly checked the detainees. This happened in a blink of an eye. However, we would like to send our condolences to the family of the deceased. People in custody must know that they are not guilty until proven guilty by the courts,” says Sgt Tshabalala.
I have been in many places, but I’ve never been in Cahoots. Apparently, you can’t go alone. You have to be in Cahoots with someone.
Although he is the son of a brahmin, he is not considered a brahmin because his behavior was immoral. If India paid more thoughtful attention to her own classical literature, the disgrace of the caste system would have been mitigated. Status in the four castes is to be acquired by behavior, not by birth.
Blacks, Mexicans and poor
Finally, it was time for my favorite ride, the Haunted Mansion. Keith and I were able to get away for a bit for this. About halfway through, in the cemetery, the ride stopped! And stayed stopped for about 10 minutes or so. Not a big deal to me, since it was the first quiet moment I had had in awhile! ;)
“I dunno, GB,” he mused. “If only we could do things as simply as you gorillas.”
4. All dividends from S corporations will be tax-exempt.
Hamish is..... wellllll.... just.... yert !
I don’t think it’s strange that Mr Young is forbidden from saying certain words, although I am aware that others do. These words mostly end with ‘ibble’ – e.g. kibble, nibble, etc. Although Dobbies is also now on the verboten list (admittedly, this may be just because I don’t like garden centres).
“Is that why you summoned me here, Chief? You want to learn about my business with Sharshar?”
That's why we employ agencies. If ads worked every time, we'd do them ourselves. But they don't, so we need someone to selflessly take it up the chimney when the fudge hits the fan. What, you thought we gave you money for your ideas? PAH! Agency fees are insurance. It's a price we pay so our bosses have someone else to string up from a lampost and throw shit at.
Here are the awesome takes from my new friends:
So what's the band name's meaning?
It didn’t take long for the Flyers to set the tone in game six Sunday. Just five seconds into the game Claude Giroux of the Flyers, flattened superstar Sidney Crosby of the Penguins, and only 27 seconds later, buried a goal past Marc-Andre Fleury.
The whole fabulous package is delivered in Jane's voice: a voice with its tongue firmly in its cheek, never taking itself too seriously and located firmly in the now, thanks to various pop culture references. I know that some people feel that 'sassy heroine' is a cliche, but I think that's a sign that it's often poorly done, which is not the case here.
One of the most successful of all acrobats, F. F. Proctor made his mark by saving the money he made performing tricks in order to buy up the theatre where he performed. Then he bought a lot of other theatres, and became a millionaire. You should try it sometime.
You might tell me now that these two positions just describe some fantasies young girls or not-so-young women might nurture in private but I think their huge popularity is quite dangerous as it also says something about the society at large (and more specifically about women as both authors and the majority of their audiences are females). If you write about rape or/and manipulating the other human being by using any form of pressure (sex included) in positive terms some people will think it is basically a proper behaviour whereas in reality it is just abuse plain and simple. Women have spent years trying to get equal treatment (still a matter of distant future in so many countries even in Western Europe and in the USA) and now some spoilt female authors write tasteless fantasies about being stalked, beaten,
They say power corrupts, that and the Burning Legion.
The Florida Restaurateur
ELLERY QUEEN AWARD
You could blacken your face with soot, and go sing at neighbour's doors. For on this night it was unwise to turn a stranger away without a gift to appease what might be an angry spirit. Country people used to make "soul-cake", and kids would get gifts of cake, and a drink.
Facebook or Twitter: facebook
With my curiosity piqued and hoping her recommendation was an isolated incident, I ventured up to the employee picks rack of the store to see what the supposed local experts on literature promoted to the casual customer. There were sixteen books on the rack and here were the highlights: two separate volumes of the Fifty Shades of Gray series, three volumes of the Game of Thrones series, all three volumes of the Hunger Games books, the Tina Fey biography, a Nora Roberts book, a Nicholas Sparks book, and a biography about President Lyndon B. Johnson (really? I didn’t know that LBJ was a pop culture meme). Seriously, were all the employees’ main interests in the written word simply based on what was popular in theatres and on TV right now? I mean was the Snooki biography a close second on someone’s list!?!?!?!
Now, if the programming doesn't work as well as it should, that's a different matter. The prison system needs anti-recidivism programming and it also needs resources for evaluating how well it works so it can be adjusted and improved over time. I'm all for targeting ineffective programs for cuts and shifting resources to programming that empirically works.
With tremulous cadence slow, and bring
La Rulles Estivale
5. Mailman
This was also the year that we went digital. We were the last place on the planet, but when it did finally happen it caused much excitement (even for telly-phobic Tom who now gets to watch endless episodes of Family Guy). This did however mean that we had to cart three perfectly good TVs (one of which I'd had since I was little and was still going strong in analogue) off to the recycling centre. This wanton dumping caused Tom a lot of anguish for carbon-related reasons, but he consoled himself with the fact that he had just put 18 solar panels on our roof, was never going to get on an aeroplane ever again, and once even ordered a vegetarian main course in a restaurant.
only 1 *boo* - was suppose to go hiking yesterday but canceled out thinking it was gonna pour and have a 'noreater' .. but i think the universe is working in funny ways and connecting me to who i'm suppose to be with each and every day - the moments just come together beautiful - RE-SCHEDULE
- Eating at the Union Oyster House
There's not a 48-hour period that goes by that I don't listen to at least one track engineered by Iain Burgess. In fact, I continue to investigate, learn and enjoy "new" records engineered by this Giant among men, just because Iain's one of those people who just had "it". "It" being taste; "it" being sensibility; "it" being genius. It's not hyperbole in the slightest to say that musically, I would not be what I am today if not for entire swaths of records engineered by Iain.
So far I have done 100 squats out of the total 1000. I can do this!
"Hold on a moment, said the cashier. We'll talk to Gloucester and see what we can do."
Bill Ayer's girlfriend, Weather Underground member Diana Oughton, transformed from an ebullient young woman to an emaciated zombie. She was killed when a nail bomb she was building exploded, demolishing a Greenwich Village townhouse.
She didn’t settle. She just fell in love.
Since I wanted 'unfussy' valances with irregular borders...
Heading back to the cathedral after dinner, we were still pretty early, but decided to go in and wait anyway – and good thing, too. There were SO MANY PEOPLE who lined up after us. We actually had a pretty good place in line, too.. But I guess we forgot just how damn enthusiastic catholics are about Easter. When the gates to the pews opened, people were literally sprinting past one another to get to the best seats in the house. We wound up behind a very large column, but despite that, what happened afterwards was one of my favorite life experiences thus far.
A few days before the annual gathering of business and political elites at the World Economic Forum at Davos, the British prime minister David Cameron set out his vision of capitalism that is popular and responsible. At a time of acute crisis, Cameron put up a staunch defense of capitalism. He asserted his belief that open markets and free enterprise were the best imaginable force for improving human wealth and happiness. He described them as the engine of progress to lift people out of poverty and give them opportunity. “When open markets work properly,” he said, “they create morality, because there is something for something.”
- Nutrition: this is one of the most important things but usually first to go in the face of adversity or even just a ‘bad day’. How we nourish our bodies directly impacts our state of mind, energy levels and ability to ‘cope’.
Gaze out the window,
Sometimes we have to go after our healing or our desires, get uncomfortable and put ourselves out there! The woman with the issue of blood got her healing because she knew all it would take is touching Him. It wasn’t actually the touch though… It was the position and placement of her heart that allowed her to touch Him. We have to stay aware of where we are and how to get into that same position. She caught him between two places and was prepared to go after what she needed. Stay on your toes you never know when it will become your opportunity. If you are not paying attention you may never get close enough to get it!
We drove back home.
Now that you know what to get a guy I’m going to go deeper into their mindset. Have you ever gotten a gift from someone that you really didn’t like but you smile anyways? Well, this happens to guys when it comes to books. People don’t know what to get them so they get the books they have heard about. Sometimes this is okay (like with Harry Potter, Percy Jackson, etc.) but sometimes they get books that
P.S. Like my awesome Craftsman bottle opener?
The secretary almost always serves at least five years. But Rigali was moved out after four years and one month—that’s when he was sent to St. Louis, to oversee the archdiocese there. One theory has it that Rigali may have gotten too aggressive in pushing his choices for bishops—that he might have, in other words, crossed
“Same arguments as before, hum?”
LUSH have recently started their campaign that highlights the horrors of behind the scene beauty product making. Bringing hard facts and interesting visuals to the consumers and passersby of LUSH stores across the UK, in Sheffield they had a young woman dressed as a dog trapped in a cage outside the store, this was to show what conditions the animals that are tested on are left in for hours on end.
Now, of course, it looks exactly as if made by a professional clock maker in the nineteenth century. The clock man who lives across the road from us, who carried out its latest sevice, commented that at one time he saw a lot of this type of clock as every railway station had one and he had the contract. It is a sign of the times - and of Essex - that he now earns his main living driving stretch limos for proms.
The detective was said to have approached a woman in a parked car demanding her name and address. When she refused, the detective identified himself as a police officer and flashed his badge against the car window.
Okay, aside from feeling a tad bit jealous that you are pulling in $4000 a month just from ads, I am wowed at your level of energy. I have half the children you do and a quarter of your energy!!
Toward, to forward, to reward.
Operation Frontline helps families with limited resources make healthy meals at home, using a wide variety of foods that are commonly available in stores and from emergency food providers.
Today, and everyday, I remember those who lost their lives on that September morning. I also remember those who have given their lives serving our country. I hold those who are still serving close to my heart and keep them in my prayers.
Let the food guide pyramid guide your choices
Maybe it’s Spring Fever… Whatever it is, I am finding myself feeling very quirky and creative over the past few days. Too busy to get out and take photos in the “real” world, I find myself grabbing my iPhone first thing in the morning and searching my house high and low for some interesting little tidbit to shoot before my work day commences.
“Who’s in Goals … ?”
First, let us examine the chronology which, according to their claims, establishes that 1914 marked the end of one special time period and the beginning of another.
for years i've read the artist portfolios in Somerset Studio. all of my mentors, the artists i look up to, the women who have inspired me to live a creative life have been profiled in this coveted 10 page article/artist portfolio that is featured in every issue of the magazine.
- A bonnet (or you can make one during the workshop)
2. What did you think of Elend’s group of subversive nobles? Do you think that Kelsier is right to dismiss people who could be potential allies, or is this another case of his anti-nobility biases showing?
Bhaktir asya bhajanaṁ tadihāmutropādhi nairāsyenāmuṣmin manaḥ kalpanam; etad eva naiṣkarmyam. “Bhakti means devotional service to the Lord which is free from desire for material profit, either in this life or in the next. Devoid of such inclinations, one should fully absorb the mind in the Supreme. That is the purpose of naiṣkarmya.”
Now and then though, a glimpse of a store, a neighborhood, or familiar building would remind me that the Toronto I remember is still there.
Warning Signs of Alcohol Abuse: If you answer “yes” to any of the following questions, you may have a problem with alcohol:
Speaking of pictures:
ATG Adhesive runner
xo Tricia
Multiple sources, including ESPN and The Sporting News, are reporting that Red Sox GM Theo Epstein has agreed to a five year deal worth more than $15 million with the Chicago Cubs. While the Sox and Cubs are still discussing compensation for Epstein, since he is still under contract with Boston, sources are saying that finalizing the deal is close. Epstein would most likely be named Cubs President, a promotion from his role in Boston.
58. Try Pilates
This has nothing to do with reproduction or nature, evolution or misguided genetics. It is true that it takes a man and a woman to reproduce and keep the population growing. However it is not necessary for relationships to consist of a man and a woman. The idea of relationships is a social construction built on the foundation of companionship, but reformed through religious ideals of monogamy and putting a purpose on a relationship other than that of companionship.
1 c. coarsely chopped walnuts (or pecans)
Paul COKER (London, 2005), Nadeem KHAN (Lancashire, 2007) Ricky PENFOLD (London, 2008) and Jason PEARCE (Shropshire, 2009) all died following which inquests ruled that they probably died from ED or complications arising from being restrained whilst suffering it. Odisseas VEKIARIS (Melbourne, 2009) was ruled to have died from excited delirium according to the Victorian Coroner. There have been further cases in Canada, New Zealand and the US and inquests (or equivalent hearings) considered medical and pathological evidence pertaining to the cause of death – before ruling individuals to have probably died from or following ED.
I hadn’t thought of it like that but I think you’ve hit the nail on the head. As I say, the existence of some form of free-will is crucial to everything. So, we can make the small decisions and therefore affect outcomes. But things also happen to us which we could not control or predict. (And prediction only makes sense in the sense of “likely consequence” – chaos theory intrudes when we look ahead too far.) So there’s no point in worrying too much. Of course, we do worry about the future, because we’re human and we can’t always control our thoughts, but we do ourselves no favours when we worry about the far-off bits and other aspects that are not in our control.
Upon completion of the seventh grade I had almost exhausted the Ed. Programme at the Firestone Staff School in Harbel. The school curriculum comprised only the first through eighth grades… as based upon the Ohio school system in the USA. Further education could only be secured offshore.
We are the product of this poet’s hand:
I’ve got a few more dishes on deck for my next visit.. including their Bone Marrow Sformato, and a Blood Sausage. If those are a hit – coupled with the potential of any dining spot with as nice an outdoor space as Cafe Muzio has, it might lift the ‘curse’ status of the space that has now seen the ‘bones’ of both Choptank, and of Bar Q before it, tossed into trash bin.
8 And being found in appearance as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient to death—even death on a cross!
Dick, Chase, and Buddy on the boat back in 2004.
Monkey: Journey To The West
Oh no, I didn’t just do that. Yep, yep I did. After proceeding to pass out on my bed at 9pm, fully clothed, I woke up at 2am realizing that I sent those texts and felt like a complete idiot. Who does that?!
Born: 9/22/1729
Knock, knock...is anyone home?
Extra bottled juices and waters tucked away wonderfully. And there is also stack-able baskets filled with veggies and a bin with our green shopping bags.
Thank you for helping me celebrate the birthday of Every Last Kiss. It has been an amazing first year and I can’t believe it has flown by so quickly!!
This site, when combined with the original site (see link here) about SONGS makes the web presence for SONGS move up toward the top ranks. I am fairly well impressed by the new site and am glad to see how well it's done. I suggest everyone interested in pro-nuclear outreach give the new site a look.
Love is With Us
at Tate Modern. Twenty of us sat surrounded by huge tapestries of world maps embroidered by Afghan women in their homes. The stillness and poise contrasted with the noisy rooms of our last sessions in the Kusama exhibits. When the group was hushed and writing, I could almost hear the lapping of the oceans interwoven with the murmur of the embroiderers' quiet chatter as
The downside: Rockin' Brews was sparsely attended, something a few brewery workers remarked upon. Perhaps it was due to competition from other events. It was held the same day as Animas River Days in Durango, and Ska had a live band at their place. Silverton also only has about 200 year-round residents, so events have to draw people in from elsewhere.
If any other Republican primary candidate - short of Jon Huntsman - had won the primary battle, Barack Obama would walk away with the presidency in 2012 with no trouble. However, Romney's boring moderation makes him a candidate to be reckoned with in the general election if the economy doesn't improve between now and November 2012. If we look at history, incumbent president's with bad economies and high unemployment have had a very difficult - if not impossible - time getting re-elected. And since Romney has continued to tout his business experience, he might look like the shiny new thing in American politics, if voters think that he truly can improve their economic outlook.
Debt Offering 9
When it comes to Media Marketing Online regarding Fine Homes, Real Estate and Property there’s one place you need to be seen when visitors are looking for you: on Google Top 10. I refer to my article on “Fine Homes Websites” 22 hours ago HERE and wish to give you the evolution in terms of search engine optimization further down… you will find Fine Homes Optimized – have a look!
WOODEN FLOOR CLEANER - Ammonia will strip floor wax (one cup to a bucket of hot water)
And hail the ones who fought, the ones who fell,
I know people have their different views about it but I think it is insanely clever, and I like how Siri has three settings for English; UK, US and Australian. It shows Apple have thought about the accent differences and will make Siri that much more sensitive to recognising what the commands are. I do think that different dialects within countries such as the UK will become more recognised on Siri as time goes on, as I think that could be a complaint some people have. But me, having a completely standard English accent, has no problem.
It must have been okay for him because since, he's been back again several times and now even lays down so I can still type with him on my lap, providing I'm not petting him which is extremely hard for me to refrain from doing. Manny has certainly lived up to his nickname--"Mr. Nice Nice."
And tonight I met one of those angels. Here’s the story.
(The main inspiration for the space was their company logo)
Jamal Miles – WR – Arizona State – Again, not a top tier pro prospect, but Miles catches passes from Osweiler. Despite a high number of targets, Miles is not putting up the YAC average coaches expect to see. With such amazing potential in the system at ASU and being targeted as much as he is, we expect more out of Miles.
Who owns me? I do. And if I ever find myself in Terry's position or that of Andrew Smedley, Rob Colgan or Hugo Claus, I would like to have the choice of when to let my words go quiet. Or not to let them go quiet. That is the nature of the word 'choice'.
9. Listen to the message boards, find weakness in your opponents, exploit perceived weaknesses (I kind of feel like the Cobra Kai dojo right now)
All-Butter Shortbread is perhaps the simplest of cookies. The most basic recipes call for just three ingredients: butter (obviously), brown sugar, and flour. Based on a little bit of research on tips for achieving shortbread perfection, I adapted these slightly to include two types of flour (unbleached all-purpose and rice), a pinch of salt, and a splash of vanilla extract. While I was expecting these cookies to be good, they far exceeded my expectations. They're everything shortbread should be: buttery and crumbly; tender, but still slightly crisp; sweet, but not overwhelmingly so. In fact, even David was impressed, and that is no easy feat. He actually made an audible "Mmmm" with his first bite. According to him, these cookies are "just like the ones you buy in those tins around Christmas, but these are better." Probably the most praise he's ever given one of my baked goods. I'm pretty sure I will be making them again and again. In fact, they're so delicious and so easy to make, they may become the new standard for all of my plain cheesecake crusts. And I can almost guarantee that I will never buy pre-made shortbread cookies again.
“The court is particularly influenced by the potential for immediate loss of access to necessary medical services by several thousand Texas women,” Yeakel wrote in his ruling. “The record before the court at this juncture reflects uncertainty as to the continued viability of the Texas Women’s Health Program.”
today before the snowstorm hits the state and it's too late to decorate...
But let this be known to thee, if two dont play at this game, doomed is the one who does so and lays his own altar at woe”
5. I'm getting married in September to my best friend, exactly a year from when he proposed.
I was born here, and so were my parents and grand parents and, very likely my great grandparents. I don't have any connection to Africa, no more than white Americans have to Germany, Scotland, England, Ireland, or the Netherlands. The same applies to 99 percent of all the black Americans as regards to Africa. So stop!
1) A new set of classroom rules that include pictures. For some odd reason, when I repinned it, there wasn't an original website. So if this is yours, let me know!
“It is much easier to write a good Times leading article than a good joke in Punch. For solemnity flows out of men naturally; but laugher is a leap. It is easy to be heavy: hard to be light. Satan fell by force of gravity.”
glassybaby Road Show 101
I’m …not the smartest……so lots of things just go over my head but eventually she makes it clear that…….if I am willing……..shes mine to enjoy. Once…….or…….I could go ring shoppin should I dare.
I want a cold beer. I want to be better at conflict resolution. I want to be less sarcastic with my kids. I want another good HP Lovecraft book. I want a decent plate of nachos. I want a date with my wife.
Ericson A, Källén B, Meirik O, Westerholm P. Gastrointestinal atresia and maternal occupation during pregnancy. J Occup Med 1982; 24: 515-518.
As for routine I write every day from 8.30am to 11am, then again from midday to 3.30pm. Often after the dinner rush I get back to work and usually go from 9pm to 11pm or midnight.
Then I shower and walk up to the school to start my other jobs: mother and housemaid. I use the Notes app that comes with the iPhone to get my head around how the day pans out.
More of a germ of a sketch than a fully realized sketch. Characterization would have helped. By the way, the song was “More Bounce” by Soul Kid 1. (Was that song meant to make it an homage to The O.C. or something?) B-
I only got about a block or so before I had to stop to dry heave. Luckily (maybe?) I hadn’t been able to get myself to eat much that day which is likely why nothing came up. I’m pretty sure the nausea was less from the physical exertion and more from the fact that my adrenaline had been on SUPER OVERLOAD for around 9 hours at that point and my body just couldn’t handle it.
Relationships are the most important public service that an AT offers to the populations that we treat. I went to a local AT conference yesterday and this was the main topic of the morning sessions – relationships and public relations.
I understand how certain recent changes have been made necessary by market demands on the financial side of newspapers. The design has changed to acknowledge that it’s now possible to produce color on a printing press. Advertisements recently made their way onto the bottom of the front page.
Having said that, I probably did better in my exams, particularly GCSES, than I would have done in the local comprehensive. They pushed us and spoon-fed us for the exams. I went a bit off the rails in 6th form so I didn’t do so well but my results were still good all the same.
Student : Nothing; I only have my faith.
My crockpot and I have become great friends over the past year. I kindof left her in the back of a cabinet for several years since I didn't really know what to do with her, but thankfully she forgave me. Some of my favorite meals have come from the crockpot, and nothing beats coming home to dinner ready to be served.
Oh, hi there! I'm still in Belgrade! Still don't have a real camera (just my phone) and still eating some pretty un-blog-worthy meals. Due to my rather confining work schedule I'm spending a lot of days eating huge lunches and then just scavenging the fridge for dinner. (Oh you know, peanut butter spoonfuls, potato chips, toast with nooch, red peppers and half dried out carrots...isn't that what you eat when you are busy?)
They answered him, “We are descendants of Abraham and have never been enslaved to anyone. How can you say, ‘You will become free’?”
Five from the 3rd Battalion the Yorkshire Regiment and one from the 1st Battalion The Duke of Lancaster's Regiment had been on patrol on Tuesday.
Bush's mystic ecstasy ("I just know that something good is
The orchestra was initially managed by Merill Powell, until Penelope Chapple took over (1993-1995). In 1995 Penelope Chapple, the then Principal of the Conservatorium, appointed Tanya Phillips as Orchestra Manager. Tanya was a cellist in the orchestra and became the cello tutor for the section before picking up the reins as Orchestra Manager, which she still does to this day.
My brother-in-law is going to see if he can recover any of the date on the hard drive. It could be one of the 'swelling/leaking capacitors' the G5 iMacs that came out at that time were famous for. That could mimic a hard drive failure. Or something more simple like a connector (I've read a lot about my model iMac and apparently it had a lot of physical issues that mimicked hard drive failure -- I'm praying it's one of those things and not that my HD took a total piss on my livelihood). While I can do software tricks, I'm terrible at taking machines apart and putting them back together and have them still work, so I'm having to learn how to let go of a major project and trust someone else. It's easier to do that when I know I'm letting a genius work on my Mac. I wouldn't trust anyone else right now.
“On her way out through the foyer, Mad Martha commented in all seriousness to the box office staff that Her in the nice cream blouse were a brilliant actress. That film were a masterpiece.”
-beer is brought into the ring by Jericho, he cracks it open and pours it on Punk.
So if you can browse my webgallery once a week you will always find something new although I have to figure out also how to add the little flashy tag "new" next to a tab (lot of learning to do during the process).
Ian makes a lot of predictions about what is to come in the future; often he is right, not because he’s psychic, but because he understands how geopolitics works; he's "read the script", as he says. I’ve had a go at this myself and have a hit to my credit. A couple of years ago I said that Argentina would begin threatening the Falkland Islands again and was right, see: http://hpanwo-voice.blogspot.co.uk/2010/03/falklands-war-ii.html. Ian thinks a war with Iran is unlikely because Iran is simply too big and strong; its population of over sixty million are very supportive of their current ruler Mahmoud Ahmedinajad and will not tolerate a regime change there. Nevertheless it is suspicious that the USS Enterprise is currently deployed in the Gulf region. I refer in this case not to Captain Kirk’s fictional starship, but to the US Navy’s oldest aircraft carrier. She was commissioned long before the Star Trek TV series was ever broadcast and is on her last mission before being taken to the breakers yard. The thing is, Enterprise is nuclear-powered and so it will cost many times as much to dispose of her safely as it would a conventionally-powered vessel. However this cost could be alleviated if she could... meet with an “unfortunate accident” that caused her to sink at sea. At the same time if she were attacked, supposedly by an enemy, it would be a new 9/11 that would horrify and galvanize the public into supporting a new war; not necessarily against Iran, but against anybody else the Government blamed for the incident. And because Enterprise is such an old ship there would be little loss to the US Navy’s capabilities. There’s a direct parallel here between this hypothesis and Pearl Harbour. The ships sunk by the Japanese in the Pearl Harbour attack were the old fleet battleships which were very much symbols of American seapower in the eyes of the public. However anybody better-informed in naval strategy will admit that by 1941 the old big-gun battleship was very much an obsolete weapons platform. The decisive weapons in the Pacific War were actually the aircraft carrier and the submarine. The Japanese flew right over the Pearl Harbour Submarine Base and never touched it and all; the aircraft carriers were very conveniently out at sea at the time on manoeuvres.
When looking for a piece that you know you can paint and do minor alterations on, don't get distracted by the lipstick and eyeshadow. Meaning, surfaces can be changed. You can strip it. You can paint it. The important thing is if the piece is the right size, shape, style, and if it is well made.
- Sex acts between pre-schoolers
Wheaton City Council approved a three-year contract for sergeants and lieutenants in the Wheaton Police Department that includes cost of living adjustments, payout for accrued sick leave, a two-tier severance payment and 10 to 12 percent health insurance contributions.
All were watching these poor creatures’ convulsions
The NAA/ABC Circulation Subcommittee recently released a guide to branded editions. This guide contains helpful information about preparing for a branded edition audit and the stories of how newspapers use branded editions to reach their audiences.
Pie and peas is the great Yorkshire meal. Classless, simple - you can eat it with a spoon - nutritious, filling and with the exception of Bradford beer festival, (great pie, not enough peas for £3.50) cheap. It's comfort food par excellence. A teatime favourite as well as a staple of football terraces, after-match rugby, village cricket lunches, bonfire night and Christmas eve. I've even eaten it (£1.50) in the grade 1 listed magnificence of Leeds Parish Church. The mushy element is very important - purists will only accept them made from dried peas, soaked with bicarbonate of soda and boiled for hours. You can see the difference above - the lower picture is the tinned variety. But It's the pie that really matters, and a butcher's reputation is only as good as his last porker. There are some heavy hitters in Airedale - Stanforth's, Affer faves Drake and Macefield and Ted Lee in Skipton. Lunds and Herd's further down the valley in Keighley, where people still talk about how good the long-gone Midgely's pies once were. I've said it before, and I'll say it again; If pie and peas was from the Ariége it'd be on the menu of the best restaurants in London.
The second book in Bryan Gruley’s irresistible and critically-acclaimed Starvation Lake series, The Hanging Tree is a compelling story about family and friendship, sex and violence, and the failure of love to make everything right.
We went to a christmas tree farm to chop down our own tree on Friday, and what a blast it was! It was cold and windy, but the hot coco and doughnuts were delicious as my ears thawed out. I did not take a lot of pictures over the weekend ( I really didn't want to be labeled as "Dan's creepy girlfriend who takes a lot of photos), but I took a few when we were at the tree farm.
Middle Eastern rulers routinely rely on balance-of-power techniques to maintain their authority. They use competing organizations, duplicate agencies, and coercive structures dependent upon the ruler's whim. This makes building any form of personal power base difficult, if not impossible, and keeps the leadership apprehensive and off-balance, never secure in its careers or social position. The same applies within the military; a powerful chairman of the joint chiefs is inconceivable.
We will be there at 6pm.
13And the same hour was there a great earthquake, and the tenth part of the city fell, and in the earthquake were slain of men seven thousand: and the remnant were affrighted, and gave glory to the God of heaven.
I have a few wee craft projects I want to try, so when I do I will share them here.. I think they are nifty even if I do say so myself.
I felt comforted having seen the pictures and finally knowing how Rob had died. I called my sis-in-law when I got back to the shop, told her I’d been to see the Coroner and she was shocked that I’d have gone by myself. I told her the thought never occurred to me to take anyone with me and I hadn’t had a lot of notice. Even though I had many loving, caring people around me – there were many times where I was alone to do things like this and I was okay with that, almost preferred it in a way.
How it all turns out will be interesting, Late night "former broadcast" TV has mostly given way to (even cheaper) infomercials. The plethora of cable channels have gone through repeated material to generating original material. Will these new digital sub-networks create their own evolutionary path, forcing out the early pioneers into yet another incarnation? I dunno, but to be frank, for the moment is is good see Sven again.
But first: some background on Jamaat ul-Fuqra. The group was founded in New York by Sheikh Gilani in New York in 1980. Its current headquarters is in Hancock, New York, and it has various compounds, or Jamaats, scattered throughout the United States and Canada, notably in Colorado, New York, Tennessee, Georgia, and Virginia. Most of the adherents are reported to be American-born Black Muslims who follow a strict Islamist ideology.
I got off the train with a heavy heart and too much on my mind: new projects to start, old ones to complete, and questions of whether there was enough time. But if I am going to tell the truth here, I was weighed down emotionally by a negative review that had been posted on Amazon.com about my latest book. The reader called it poorly written and repetitive. Ouch!
I now realise that it is no accident that you will snap suddenly and without warning only when I am already running late rather than, by weight of odds, sometimes when I am in a hurry and sometimes when I actually have time to swap you over.
As you are going throughout your day, everything you experience and learn goes right in here:
During the first Clinton administration the military delayed many of Clinton’s federal appointments until they were sure these individuals would help restore constitutional law. One such individual who promised to bring about the necessary changes was Attorney General Janet Reno.
Here is my card.
I’m not going to go into the full programme of the Festival because you can have a look at it here if you want. I also can’t unpack all the pros and cons of it here because this is a public domain and we are still compiling the report. But what I can say is that I was very happy that I was involved in it. We are already talking about the next one and how to rework, develop, extend, realign, and I am reminded once again of Michael’s emphasis on effective, timeous planning. Not just to make sure things happen the way you want them to, but also to inspire and reinvigorate people. While I was happy to be a part of the Fest, I was very sad that FTH:K couldn’t be. And so were the Festival organisers. And so were the artists. In fact, a number of people approached me to say that they had so been looking forward to seeing us perform and were disappointed that we had to be removed from the programme. As such, I feel confident that we should and will make a plan for the 2014 QuestFest. We would bring an exciting element to the Fest and showcase how what FTH:K is doing (together with many other companies in SA) competes easily with what is being shown abroad. In some cases, surpasses. In fact, in terms of Visual Theatre, we’re actually pretty advanced! (“I’ve been telling you this for years, dammit!!”…yes, Ugli, you have. 4 years, remember??) And this realisation has made me even more committed to doing what I can to facilitate SA-USA exchanges/programmes/cross-pollination/kiffness.
In January 2010, I had the opportunity to meet when a group of great people got together for dinner at Au Lac. Debbie Young actually wrote up a blog post on it. You can check out her photos at That's the Way Au Lac It. When we finally met, he was everything I thought he would be based on his online presence. It was a nice chance to get to hang out & get to know him in person. I knew I had a little crush on him, but of course we were both in relationships so nothing went down.
At the beginning of this letter, Christ is described as the First and the Last, the One who came to life again, which as we know, refers to Christ’s death and resurrection from the dead by the power of God, Amen Hallelujah. Then, at the end of the letter, after our hearing ears phrase that we see repeated in all seven letters, the promise to the Overcomer is made: that they will not be hurt by the second death. The second death is later
Morning, chickadees.
Excuse me while I don’t sneeze – my dental surgeon gave me strict instructions not to sneeze, or blow my nose over the next week. Yesterday I had a tooth extracted, and those were the instructions I was left with, along with some pain medication which doesn’t appear to be very useful, some salt water to gargle with, and one big ache. Being semi-lucid, I figure I’ll just type up this Insecure Writer’s Support Group post, anyways.
Everywhere in Britain Islamism is taxpayer-funded, the welfare system helping to fill idle young minds with poison, and fuelling a sense of resentment amongst (often emotionally fragile) second-generation immigrants.
First, we have my daughter's karate. Then, one of my friends turned 40 a couple days ago and his wife is throwing him a surprise party today. Should be fun! Lastly, we are heading out near one of my friend's area to hit their local hockey team. Her boys have never been to a hockey game and we thought it would be fun to all go together. Can't wait!
DeLaurentis studied at Le Cordon Bleu and worked at Spago before becoming a food stylist and eventually landing on the Food Network.
To pull it off however, requires a funded and supported Sigil and a well marketed Vanguard….
the wind is angry
Unlike many artists, I usually do not listen to music whilst at work. Rather I have a little television and VCR in my studio and I listen to movies. The dialogue allows me to focus whereas music zones me out. Funny where inspiration lies.
THE GOSPEL STORY BIBLE is even ideal for highschoolers who might not have been raised in church, or just want to get back to the basics of the Bible with stories they might not have heard for a long time.
Shipping is not included in prices. I ship only within the US.
And to complete the Christmas mood, I'm making one of my caffeinated mixes (which I haven't done in a while) and making it holiday-oriented; I'll be blasting it tomorrow when I put up the tree and expect a download up by this upcoming Tuesday!
It's been great fun hosting this week and what I love most about WHB is having those "haven't seen that before" or "what a great idea" moments. I can assure you, you'll be saying it too.
Time for dinner, I sat down and glanced to my left. 'Aaw,' I thought. 'Not my type.' My type at the time was skinny, cynical, nervy and wise-cracking. Ideally working in the media. This man lacked that quality of nervous energy, plus I wasn't sure about his profile (oh, yes, I was that shallow. Forgive me). But, polite as always, I asked him how he knew Sylvia and Richard. 'I'm Sylvia's boss,' he said. 'I don't know anyone else here.'
I didn't have that much more to say today. Random, for sure. I do have other things on my mind, but really. They are even less interesting.
In such a brimming city, even skyscrapers can be hidden, if you don’t take the time to find them.
Voice - Eno*
07. Acid Rock
The woman, whose name was not released, told detectives she came to the Keys in February with her boyfriend, but the couple argued and she left the boat where they were staying, Herrin said.
A life-long Methodist of Primitive
How to Train Your Dragon: The Day of the Dreader by Cressida Cowell (Ages 8+)
I recently came across a video clip of Carte Blanche, one of the few sources of some trustworthy journalism from South Africa. Please watch it and take note of certain parts. The fact that people are often murdered for no reason at all, like we and others have stressed so vehemently before. That it is nothing to do with crime, but rather hate crimes against whites and also other races. Just like farm murders have nothing to do with theft or poverty, these crimes are committed by elements which know they’ll get away with whatever they do. That in the worst case scenario where they get caught (and you can research the minute minority of cases actually solved), there will be an official prepared to take a bribe to make a case docket disappear.
men are better at working
of children from
b. Abraham Leave your country Gen 12
Decked high heaven coldly out. The shine beguiled
Mountain Song Productions in association with SAFE, Inc, announces the 3rd Annual Songsmith Gathering: An Evening of Song on May 19, 2012 at the Porter Center for Performing Arts on the campus of Brevard College. Doors open at 6pm for a Happy Hour and Raffle* and the show starts at 7:30pm.
“Eat, and then if you want to talk later, we’ll talk.” Frey pecked her on the forehead once again, then brought his hand to her face and tucked a few strands of her wayward curls behind her ear. He let her go. “Now sit over there like a good girl.”
I wanted to showcase one last decorative item. I think that this Nate Berkus ikat bowl is TO DIE FOR! Ikat is beautiful and you can find it all over the place right now (lamps, rugs, bowls...I'll take them all!). I think that this bowl from Nate's line at HSN would look beautiful on one of the shelves in our living room (hint hint hubby!). Here she is in all her glory!
Love always and forever,
Her words almost echo the decision of Mark Twain’s Huck Finn to choose to go to Hell and help the runaway slave, Jim; rather then return him to his owner. It is a bold, noble and selfless act, one that demonstrates everything Xavier believes. Stryker is not impressed and aims a gun at her. A nearby police officer shoots and incapacities Stryker.
This card is made with a Maya Road envelope, you have to cut the sidelines open and then you have a great card to embellish.
Deque viro factus, mirabile, femina septem
3 follow
Banana Man: A bunch.
We cannot know its size or shape. The appearance of light itself turns out to be a real secret; we cannot see that which we use to see everything else” (Source : http://www.oxygraphics.co.uk/photons.htm)
On CBS, Powell deflected attention from his dubious torture explanation by boldly rejecting one of the new absurd “wedge” issues developed by the Republican Right, that it would be dangerous to bring accused terrorists from the Guantanamo Bay prison to the United States for trial or incarceration. But Powell then maneuvered himself back to the “center” by also criticizing President Barack Obama’s handling of the Guantanamo issue.
Genre: Adult Fiction: Fantasy-Magical Realism
The Lib Dems need to ensure that we promote our localism agenda, promote small business and enterprise, promote the charity and NGO sector and devolve power and shout about it as much as possible to maintain our core vote. However, we also have an opportunity to become a bigger voice for modernity, change and individualism as Labour vacates this area. New Labour may be dead, but the ideals which brought it a landslide (along with increased Lib Dem MPs) still attract votes. As Labour moves away from it, the more votes there will be to pick up.
In fact, this taste-test has reinforced my belief that 'different' - even in the case of a favourite - needn't necessarily mean 'disappointing'.
The solids make a nice rough jam or are fantastic added to baked goodies (just remove ginger slices), so if you want you can put them in a clean jar and keep them in your refrigerator and use as needed! I'm making muffins this morning with it.
This slow-burning book has a very real story to tell about modern Army life. It is a story of sacrifices made on all sides.
Thanks, Holly!
10:00 – Smash (NBC): The production heads to Boston, and Eileen and Julia argue about possibly rehiring Michael. Meanwhile, Derek’s bond with Rebecca intensifies; Karen must choose between her boyfriend and the show; and Sam invites Tom to a family dinner. This one has Karen’s boyfriend proposing. I’m not even that invested in this show and I’ll still lose it if that couple gets engaged.
As I have gotten older it is a lot harder for me to mistreat someone. I haven’t always been kind and have said hurtful things in the past, but it is just not in my nature anymore to mistreat someone. I have to get really mad at someone before I rip into them and it takes a lot to get me to that point. I hate this about myself at times because it sets me up to get taken advantage of. My husband on the other hand is not like that, but I force him to be because I don’t want to hurt someone’s feelings. I don’t think I have done him any favors. Don’t get me wrong, my husband is a very kind, honest and truthful person and his fault to this is that he thinks everyone else is and so he trust people whom he shouldn’t. Women’s intuition plays into this somewhat because if I have any red flags go up over anything, I don’t trust very quickly. I am honest also, I am just more cautious.
Posted by Jess
Well, in case you hadn't figured it out, we were in Vienna this weekend. Vienna, home of Sacher tort, Weinerschnitzel, guglhupf, vienna sausages and other such treats.
There’s another word you may be unfamiliar with. McGuffin. In terms of a story, a McGuffin is a plot device that has no explanation but pushes the story along. Cite Pulp Fiction for example. That suitcase’s contents remained a mystery, and they remain a mystery to this day. Some say it was Mr. Wallace’s soul, some say money, some say a cornucopia of violent Russian pornographic magazines (I have some sick friends) but the fact was that no one in the film revealed what it was and no one watching knew what it was, but it pushed the film forward. And that meant it was important, right?
First, let me show you my before and after photo ya. 100% NOT EDITED.
The criticism employs an analogy with mechanical or computational devices created by human beings. Thurow points in particular to the example of an astronomical device that gives us the locations and distances to all the planets and moons in our solar system. This device is programmed by human beings who have solid evidence for all the relevant coordinates and distances. As a result, we who use the device will trust in what it tells us and it looks like we are within our epistemic rights to do so.
I know that some days I’m going to get mixed up and Eat More and Do Less, but the plan is simple enough that most days I should be able to stay pointed in the right direction.
You get everything for $40 or individually at $2 each! The perfect collection for a make-up artist or woman who wants some new make-up.
Christopher fell to the ground, making a loud thud.
Style: Witbier
-Anthony Matteo Napoli
This is one of my favorite pieces! It's a mirrored closet door that she painted in this yummy mustard yellow and then attached the antique door hardware. It's just casually leaned against the wall in the living room. It reflects light beautifully and is such a large statement piece.
Title: The Hunger Games
Being a riverine town, we are luckier than others in the country right now, of course. Our river is beautiful and cooling, plus the bush fires and haze of October do produce spectacular sunsets. Thank goodness for our boat, which is our ticket to freedom on the water, and our saving grace at this time...
That will be all for today.
In his late 19th century study of the hare in folk custom and mythology, Charles J. Billson cites numerous incidents of folk custom involving the hare around the period of Easter in Northern Europe. Billson says that “whether there was a goddess named Eostre, or not, and whatever connection the hare may have had with the ritual of Saxon or British worship, there are good grounds for believing that the sacredness of this animal reaches back into an age still more remote, where it is probably a very important part of the great Spring Festival of the prehistoric inhabitants of this island.”
I would not hesitate to replace the jam in the Pear Droplet tarts with Nutella:) Chocolate and pears go very well together..or even an almond paste?:)And of course Dulce De Leche~
“Are you going to buy that one then?” she asked, holding out her hand expectantly.
I hope I can contain my excitement!
What's yours?
My box o goodies contained granny smith Apple chips, dried fruit, ginger thins (swoon), cinnamon sugar pumpkin seeds, roasted edamame, some dark chocolate covered passion fruit jelly, and some Power Bar Energy cheese which she included because they’re her favorite running fuel. (I mentioned I was still looking for a running fuel I love.)
Toy-Teddy Bear (Theodore), Remote control truck
In many cases, even in Ethiopia, with over 80% of the population living in rural areas, it is not mere financial stress or lengthy distance from a health clinic that prohibits women from attending. The care provided in clinics and hospitals is often so far divorced from the type of aid that women want that there is no incentive to attend unless a dire health emergency occurs, and all other options have been exhausted.
The first thing to realise is that the Church does not claim that Christ's Sacrifice upon the Cross is repeated at all. That is not the relationship between the Eucharistic Sacrifice and the Cross. So, there is no contradiction with Hebrews 9:25. And Hebrews 10:18 can be properly
was still at third, where he played in 150 games, swatting 28 homers and driving in 81 while batting .281. the penguin made the all-star team for the sixth straight year and also for the last time in his career, going 0 for 1 with a walk after replacing starter mike schmidt. this was the year that dave parker showed off his arm, nailing jim rice trying to stretch a 7th inning double into a triple with cey making the tag. parker threw brian downing out at the plate in the following inning, but that has nothing to do with ron cey. cey hit the 150th home run of his career in 1979 - it came against hall of famer gaylord perry. in fact, it was the second home run cey hit off of perry that day, and the third time he had taken him deep that season.
DIY 4EVS MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!
Welcome to another FCCB Thursday Tutorial. Since our FCCB challenge this week is Spring is in the Air, I thought this topiary tutorial from Jill at Jaihart was just Fantabulous!
In fact I have never seen a Capybara in real life. They live in South America but apparently there are plenty of them in zoos around the world so my ambition of meeting one in the flesh could be achieveable.
We noticed these gulls out on the lichen-covered ledge taking a mid-morning snooze. We made sure to tiptoe by, so as to not wake them. Not that they would ever return the favor, but after all they did provide an appreciated photo-op on this hazy morning.
Designed with the colors of your choice in mind - these adorable clothes pins are such a neat and organized way of displaying your child's artwork, photos, notes or important lists.
“That is my ship,” he said.
Father Tony Doherty from Rose Bay Parish and a good friend of Ritchie’s also told ABC News about the first time he saw Don literally talk someone off the ledge.
But not equally.
There is just one more item of my parents that would mean a lot to me. Yet they are not going to part with it until they leave this world. That is one of these
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures. ~Thornton Wilder
But you can never leave……”
We parted ways after the tour and I went on to meet Henri (next blog).
in your dealings with one another, for:
Let me also say at the outset that Learning How to Learn is not predicated upon any authoritative, longitudinal studies. It is documented with a rich and varied bibliography of current literature on American higher education that I have been tracking down, reading, writing about, and commenting upon from the web-based vantage point of the virtual Creative Research Center at Montclair State University.
Sign up for tour updates and newly scheduled shows on their Facebook events page. I suggest you post a comment there and request a tour date for your city…people are already starting to do so! Maybe ATCR will be able to stop by a venue near you!
Woke up early for breakfast at Good Friends @ Genting Highlands.
Number one, major banks all over Europe are heavily invested in Greek debt. Since many of those banks are also very highly leveraged, if they are forced to take huge losses on Greek debt it could wipe many of them out.
“As I’ve said before, it’s time now for the debate to move out of a room in the White House and on to the House and Senate floors where we can debate the best approach to reducing the nation’s unsustainable debt.”
What kind of poetry do you write? Most of my poetry is a reflection on small details of domestic life, using those as a way to explore larger themes. I like to write within the structure of a poetic form, and even when I don’t use a rhyme scheme, I’ll often write 10-syllable lines just to give some form of limitation (I was led to this through reading Robert Brewer’s work on Poetic Asides). I love to perform my work live, and in those settings I specialize in off-beat, funny monologues, since crowds in a coffee house would for the most part rather laugh out loud than sit quietly and think deep thoughts! But then in the middle of a series of funny pieces, I can throw in the occasional serious one as a change of pace, which helps highlight those pieces. Unless someone just ordered a cappuccino, of course… Some of my performances are posted on my website and on YouTube.
1 D shaped bun (NO SEEDS)
Thank you to Mark at The Vibes for the Kreativ Blogger Award. Mark is a graphic designer and photographer from Manchester, England. His site is visually stunning and informative with posts on traveling, photography, art and music. It’s all that and it’s fun to visit.
Did you know I was a rockin' stenciler? Well, I am! :)
So, instead of sleeping, I've been catching up with the latest news from some of my favourite bloggers. I feel slightly less bad when I see that loads of people haven't posted for a while ... and then I wonder why, and whether they're okay. It's not like I can phone them to check, either. Even the mighty Wife in the North (who inspired me to blog in the first place) hasn't posted since May.
We’ve all heard the phrase “step into their shoes” because it works.
It was nice and sunny while I did this! Lucky me. The sun really helped my dry times between coats, though I tried to paint in the shade.
Anything else is just asking for trouble.. And while democrazy promo may indeed be many things - arrogance ain"t on list ya"ll.
Ratings:
Mars in not just a good-looking singer, he’s also a talented songwriter. Despite lending some vocals on B.o.B.’s “Nothin’ On You” and Travie McCoy’s “Billionaire”, he also penned the hook for both songs. He also co-wrote Cee Lo Green’s smash “Fuck You”, Flo Ride’s Ke$ha featured “Right Round” and K’naan’s anthemic “Wavin’ Flag”.
So in I went for the appointment with a knot in my stomach because I think my heart already knew you were gone but my head wouldn't believe it. Your daddy had no idea I was even at the doctor's office because I didn't want to worry him. And when it was time for the appointment they took me back into this nice little room with a super comfy recliner to sit in while they did the non-stress test on you. Then they started looking for your heartbeat. They looked high, and low with the fetal heart rate monitor. They looked left and right. While they did, I just sat in the chair choking back the tears because I knew me being in hysterics was not ideal for them to find your heartbeat. There were a couple of times when they thought they found your little heartbeat. But then they would try to count the beats while watching the second hand on a watch and holding my wrist feeling my pulse. They couldn't find your heartbeat...they tried and tried and tried and tried. So finally they went and got a doctor who could take me back for a quick ultrasound and I called your daddy and told him he needed to come to the office right away because I hadn't felt you move and that they were going to take me in for an ultrasound.
Of course, we want our soldiers to come, quickly, home again,
Sometimes there's a bigger job that I need to do alone, so I have taught them to sit quietly and play at the table. I can spend an hour or two working on something (like straightening a closet or scrubbing the kitchen) while they stay out of the way. This happens about twice a month and it keeps me from losing my mind completely. While we do own videos and a Wii, I don't use them for this. We watch a movie once a week on Friday night and they each get a designated Wii day once a week when they can play alone during rest time (i.e. from lunch until 3:30 Adam is Wednesday, Noah is Thursday,
200g Mackerel ( I used spanish mackerel) ~ Scraped out the flesh, make into small balls and soaked i salt water
4) I realised, God’s work… my true calling here… is to read the words that read animated to me when I read other bloggers entries. It is a phenomenal experience, to be able to reach the “author’s intent” when reading a post… it is then, easier to comment with a genuine sense of WOW!! For not all the text is meant to touch you… just the key message!! Then again there is poetry… that speaks of ONE THOUGHT… through many words… God Bless the flow!!
“I didn’t say he was hot, I don’t even remember how he looked!” I try (its the truth)!
Dress: Joe Brown
G.R. No. L-2756 August 26, 1949
I will send you the product by email today. Just let me know which language you need.
The interlocutors could spread yet more despair, cynicism and anger in the Valley, obstructing a real solution. The Centre should go back to basics: wide consultation, formulation of a broad-framework solution, exploration of areas of agreement, and a clear mandate for a newly constituted interlocutors’ team which carries authority and political credibility.
Q:Are there supermarkets in Sydney and is milk available all year round? ( Germany )
You’ll find, however, that what I listed above is about all you can do. There are slight variations, such as posting pictures, quotes, audio, and short videos, (and a little more, but are all expected of a blogging software) but that’s it. Going further, you can “follow” other people so their posts will show up on your Dashboard, very similarly to friends’ statuses in Facebook’s “News Feed.” After that, you can “like” posts, also similar to Facebook, and you can “reblog,” which basically copies a post into your own post and lets you comment or reply to it. Your response, however, will only appear on your own blog. This makes Tumblr a poor choice for discussion—there is NO built-in comment system. For me, that alone made Tumblr out of the question.
Patrick Fahey: What's that... *sniff sniff*... do I smell... blog post?
This is a unique song for Pink Floyd, it’s like a chant song, with an almost country blues rock feeling to it. Unlike most of their stuff this is quite a catchy pop song, and would have sat quite nicely on a single. Of course being Pink Floyd there’s an amount of melancholy and darkness to it too.
Ask yourself a few objective questions about your website before embarking on an editing quest or reconstruction project. Does your website clearly layout who you are? Are you presenting the information or message you want to send? Is the website easy to navigate? If you’re a small to mid-sized company you can ask employees, friends and family to help. Have them test and try to navigate through your website. If there is a common theme that people seem to like, keep it. If there is a spot where most of your employees, friends or family have a hard time navigating, change it.
and will have to shrug.
I can’t say more as I don’t want to spoil the surprises in this wonderful paranormal, vampire fantasy romance novel.
Emotionally I felt enveloped in cotton wool, out of touch with my
Jesus suffered under the lash.
The new characters they had to put over was done right tonight, including Antonio Cesaro. He stood out the most with me, and I am fine with Aksana serving as his manager, just don’t give her the mic. Okay, they will, but I can always mute her talking.
Kaden: "No, no!"
When my dad found out he was being posted overseas in two weeks, he married my mom. This happened in the same way for many couples of that time.
On the trip to Gaspe, I saw so many crows! Flying past our car, swooping in front of us, sitting, stately, on dying trees by the side of the road... I said they were watching over us. Emi said I was silly. But when we walked back into the fields from my great grandmothers house, there was a crow feather, sitting straight up, caught in the grasses before our feet. Emi found it. I told her the crows were watching over us.
- Hoard coins. I was trying to figure out how to not give the bus my quarters, since I did not have a dollar bill, and then I remembered - it's ok. The US government makes lots of the little shiny discs. I did not need to hoard them to myself. I could feel free to spend them.
She's so noble . . . I would have had a hard time resisting a little gossip. I wonder where Angelina gets her hair done when she's in France?
Happy Friday! This week, for my Outfit Friday post, I am stepping out of the box again. Continually inspired by Navimie’s exponentially popular Super Hero outfits idea, I have been seeing Super Heroes everywhere! However, instead of another Super Hero for your mogging pleasure, today I would like to introduce you my favorite Faerun couple: Drizzt Do’Urden and Catti-brie!
A damaged character’s disturbing reaction to grief. This story cleverly strangles you with your own heartstrings, twisting into an all too plausible and horrific payoff.
FIRST UP: ...to occupy the vacated Clear Channel talk WKBN/570 Youngstown morning drive chair this week is Mike Romigh.
We don’t know how the mind responds to certain energy fields and the environment. This could have something to do with the very basic mechanisms of perception being affected by some sort of energy that we really don’t know much about.
It feels more than safe to assume they will expand to 4 comedies on Thu as a The Big Bang Theory rerun won its time slot with a 3.1 last week in these diminished spring ratings. It’s hardly difficult to imagine TBBT pulling a 6.0 at 9p in the fall. The way I see it, CBSs 2 strongest comedies are 2 Broke Girls and TBBT. 2BG has broken out this year and like most sitcoms should see a really nice 2nd year spike. Earlier in the year I expected TBBT and 2BG to be the Thursday anchors, but over the course of the season it has seemed to me that 2BG should be the Mon 9p anchor which then gives CBS two huge shows to center their Mon and Thu nights around.
Shankar also decided to go off to his tent, which is when the lion roared a few yards away. It was as if the whole camp trembled. The engineer came out of his tent with a gun. This was the first time Shankar had heard a lion roar — in that moonlight night in the savannah this caused a new sensation in him! Was it fear? No, it was a complex feeling, but it was not fear.
Lindsay and her young daughter are forced to rely on another Hemera, her husband’s partner and best friend, Bryce Beuermann as more and more of the Hemera are slaughtered. Bryce will do anything to help his best friend’s widow—including suppressing his own deep feelings for her. But he must prove they can trust him, even pretending he doesn’t want her with all his heart.
Until next time, may you have simple days and an uncluttered heart! Thank you so much for dropping by!
Wow - very long time since our last blog post!!! We'll make our way back into the blogging world slowly and start off with an updated "dirty dozen, clean fifteen" list.
- Spring 2001 visits India for last time to bathe in Ganges River
I was sitting in traffic on Bolton St. listening to the radio. I had my window down, my handbrake on and my eyes on the traffic lights up ahead. I wasn't minding the van that pulled up alongside me. On the radio, Enda Kenny was accusing Joe Higgins of being a supporter of Osama bin Laden’s, then recanting mealy-mouthedly and reassuring the Dáil that Higgins is "a good Christian man". My knuckles whitened on the steering wheel listening to him but I said nothing, I just sat and waited for the lights to change. I heard the passenger in the van alongside me hock up a load of phlegm, just as the cars at the top of the queue started to inch forwards. There was a wet, sticky thud as the gollyer he spat splattered on my door, just below the open window. "Ah fuck it" he said "I missed the cunt" and he brayed laughing. I glanced across, already easing my foot off the clutch and heading for the green light on Church Street's corner. He looked my age; broad, blond, good-looking. The kind of fella who wouldn't look twice at me in a nightclub. The kind of fella who still has his mammy make his dinners and buy his jocks and who thinks it's alright to spit out the window of his mate's white van at passing cunts in the afternoon traffic.
I used a collection of Papertrey Ink stamps and dies along with some ready made die cuts by October Afternoon and DP from Echo Park. To these I added some twine, brads and buttons from my stash. I actually snipped the tabs from the brads, added a teeny weeny piece of foam tape and attached them to the card. This way I don't have
Avoid it if you are looking for something big to happen every two minutes. Also miss it if you are easily disappointed with subtle climaxes.
Light meals available
Albee made Keith instantly successful by refining his whole operation. First he ditched the smelly animals that composed the museum’s menagerie. Then he proposed that they take advantage of the Gilbert and Sullivan craze that was still sweeping the U.S., by offering pirated productions of the plays at a fraction of what most opera company’s charged, embellished by vaudeville acts. Interestingly, Keith was responding to the operetta fad just as Tony Pastor had, but in the opposite way. Pastor had ennobled his enterprise by embracing operetta’s chic élan, and raising his ticket prices accordingly. Keith presented The Mikado, but made it available for a quarter. Both were successful for decades, but we shall see which methodology wins out in the end.
i wanted to do a little update and an FYI
“Say you’re sorry and drop your head.”
There is a huge struggle in France between the prosecution and the instruction judge. Breham says that unlike a prosecutor, this independent judge has investigative powers to subpoena officials from DCN, and access documents in the DCN offices to obtain evidence of commissions. The judge can also request “mutual criminal assistance” from the Malaysian authorities for purposes of information and cooperation. So far, there is no indication that Malaysian officials intend to cooperate.
Once your batter has fermented sufficiently , beat it down to release trapped air.
14 himself
- L.J, Suffolk UK, 02/3/2012 14:48
She made me a CD of an old family video from 1988 showing everyone much younger and slimmer. I got misty looking at my father lifting his grand kids while my mother sat in the grass playing tea party with her two year old granddaughter. Now she is blind and my father can't walk without a walker and barely has strength to get up out of a chair. The most poignant was seeing my brother Mike again. It's been ten years since he's been gone. Being a television director, he mostly handled the camera as we barbecued hamburgers and hot dogs. I laughed when I saw the size of it perched on his shoulder. Man, would he love the small video recorders they have now. At one point the kids were watching t.v. and Stand By Me was playing and it was at the part of "Barf-a-rama." My family now watching the video laughs at the odd placement of the hilarious scene in our families documentry. Mike begins laughing as he records it and my mother is in the background saying "You're going to put that in the family video? Honestly!"
from hairy apes
10. Plica semilunaris - An organ that forms the wierd stuffs or in Singapore context 'eye shit' in our eyes when we wake up.
But there was one shirt I didn’t consider would ever be an issue.
PS -- I'll continue checking email, at unmakingmacon AT gmail DOT com
After the marriage took place, there was a sit down dinner under a tent followed by live bluegrass music. We danced in our bare feet as the sun shone down upon us. The bride and groom requested that each one of us spend a few moments at a table that had been set up off to the side of the dancing. There was paper and pens, pencil crayons and markers. There were also pre-labeled envelopes with titles such as: Christmas 2005, Valentine's Day 2010, 10th Anniversary, 25th Anniversary, St. Patty's Day 2009, Easter 2005, etc. There were a lot of them and we were instructed to write a letter to the couple on their wedding day and then choose an envelope, insert the letter and seal it. The envelope was then placed in the basket for safe keeping.
Rogue Brewery / Brewer's on the Bay Mogul Madness
So wouldn’t RFA be a good thing here? Would the player find they could get their progress in situ and have no need to look elsewhere? No. No matter how much the guild progressed after that point, the individual’s would always have felt they could have progressed more elsewhere. Instead of dealing with recruiting a new and enthusiastic player who wanted to raid, the Raid Leader would instead spend their time dealing the mass of bad feeling generated by being forced to stay which would gradually poison the entire team.
Yet even more sure that I carry on and really live this life.
Can you boys imagine the roar that would have erupted from the crowd had Rometty stepped onto the links in an ugly green jacket yesterday?
DA
After kneading it in the bowl for 5 minutes, I turned it out onto an oiled chopping board and kneaded for another 5 or so minutes. Suffice to say there are no pictures of this because my hands were both completely covered in white goo.
Are you a tea or a coffee person?
We look forward to attending other events before the festival wraps up. We will definitely attend David Norris's one-man Joycean show 'Do you see what I'm hearing'. We might even make a trip to Sweny's Chemist to gawk at the people dressed in character and purchase a bar of delightfully fragrant lemon soap.
I am so in love with Afternoon Picnic. The glitter is stunning! So many different shapes and colors of hexes! I will say that Kleancolor polishes take a while to dry on me. Because this glitter has some larger hexes, I added 2 coats of Seche Vite to help with drying and to make it smoother.
That should put you right in line with what will be playing out now. BP's bankruptcy looks like a foregone conclusion. That is, unless the US and UK governments step in, and do so broadly and very loudly. With both money and legal changes. The former, because BP faces far more in lawsuits and damage claims than it has in liquidity (its shares are now worth less than its assets, always an alarming sign). The latter, well, for more or less the same reason.
To go with it, my initial plan was to make the usual potato masala. But that's what I'd do on a lazy day. It was a proactive day instead and so I made pork tikka masala. Now, its not one of those authentic tikka masala recipes, but kinda nice and easy in comparison. Its a slow cooker recipe and I didn't have the time for that and hence used the ever helpful pressure cooker for the same. I'm sure taste-wise, the slow cooker version would have been better, but it served my purpose and tasted great with hot poori's.
Too many words I sometimes use
Our blog is mostly about card making but if you want to enter another type of craft that incorporates stamping (digital or rubber) then show us what you've got. Please follow the birthday theme though.
You are doing your best. Don’t forget that while your baby screamed seemingly endlessly for months, you held her and rocked her and kissed her little baby forehead. You sang her songs and tickled her toes. You cuddled her when she was sick or sad and you played peekaboo for what seemed like hours. You brought her into the bath with you and made sure she didn’t get soap in her eyes. You dressed her in warm clothes and covered her in blankets in the cold. You kissed her little baby feet and her little baby hands. You shed tears when you thought she was in pain, you laughed when she was happy. You thank the lord every day that you have two healthy children. Every day. You are blessed and even though you sometimes wanted to pull your hair out or run away, you never let them know. Well, almost never. You’re allowed to look forward to the future as well as live in the today. You’re allowed to wonder what they’re going to be like when they grow up. Are they going to be clever? Will they be kind? You’re allowed to look forward to a day when you can all go somewhere as a family without worrying about naps and schedules and whether or not your kids will cry or throw tantrums.
But I disgress.
John preached on Sunday, and it was the first sermon his dad heard him preach, Jack, his dad, loaned him his IPAD to use during the sermon which made the sermon so cool because of the upgrade in technology...the teens and young adults loved it!
“Sweden as we know it now will cease to exist. It’s hard to say what will take its place. It’s not a pleasant thing to contemplate.”
because she had not waited for them
As they pierce deep defences
When it was time to sign up to make something for Matthew's preschool Thanksgiving party, I hesitated. Did I want to make an apple pie? Maybe pumpkin pie - since the previous time I signed up to make pumpkin pie, I had made pumpkin cupcakes instead. I couldn't decide, so I held off signing up so that I could have more time to think about it.
Then I stamped a single flower, cut around it and glittered the middle, and added a tag and some ribbon to finish!
My brother-in-law wanted a quilt, but one that was not too fussy. He liked the bento box block he saw once so I made his quilt out of a single block, in maroon, grey, and black solids, scaled up to king size to fit his 6'6'' frame. It was a challenge, but a lot of fun too.
As with any properly done Norwegian dinner party, the alcohol flowed VERY freely. We started with pre dinner drinks in the bar, then dinner was served with white wine for the first course (salmon, natch, it's ALWAYS salmon) and then a really nice Italian ripasso with the main course (steak...hello, it's all MEN!). After the multiple refills of white and red wines, they then brought out cognac after dessert and, "for the ladies" an bonus of Bailey's (which I gave to one of the guys).
I looked down at my feet. I had been pushing the gas pedal. I pushed the brake pedal and the car finally stopped. I got out of the car and looked at the BMW. The driver’s side fender, hood, and bumper were crumpled up like a wad of tin foil. The broken headlight was hanging by some wires.
Helen Hamilton has spent her entire sixteen years trying to hide how different she is--no easy task on an island as small and sheltered as Nantucket. And it's getting harder. Nightmares of a desperate desert journey have Helen waking parched, only to find her sheets damaged by dirt and dust. At school she's haunted by hallucinations of three women weeping tears of blood . . . and when Helen first crosses paths with Lucas Delos, she has no way of knowing they're destined to play the leading roles in a tragedy the Fates insist on repeating throughout history.
Given the subject matter, I knew I wanted to be evocative yet not overt, if for no other reason than to avoid angering a particular set of folks (and their lawyers). I also knew I needed something which would look good when reduced to thumbnail size, so “simple yet eye-catching” seemed to be the rule of the day. After seeing how that could be done to great effect, such as with John Scalzi’s forthcoming novel Redshirts, I doodled around for a bit, came up with a basic idea, then did the smart thing: I hired somebody who knows what they’re doing. The result? Behold:
Wednesday = Super Pirate Butterfly Girl
i also apologize if i rambled too much. i normally ramble at night. and i just decided that i need to type out what was going on on word document, so i wasn’t originally going to post all this. in fact, i had to go back and edit out most of my entry when i decided to let the world know what i’m doing via blogging. ;)
a well-behaved and happy child
A clothesline was a news forecast,
I’ll know only one thing’s for sure, one thing I have lost
This evening, Cherie and Steve took their moms and me out for dinner at a little Chinese restaurant in town. I'm not sure how tiny Lexington ended up with a Chinese chef better than many in Seattle's International District, but they did. Cherie and Steve have sent a lot of business his way, so Sam set out to give us an evening to remember. He provided, gratis, an appetizer platter of mussels in cream sauce and an artful plate of oranges and sesame seed balls to accompany our birthday-cake dessert. Sam and his sons joined us for cake, and Sam entertained us with stories of his arrival in America (first in Seattle, then L.A.). He said he moved to Nebraska because he couldn't afford to pay property taxes and buy car insurance for four sons in Los Angeles.
And now we’re back, dealing with life, trying to figure out how to move us with no money. As of now, Hubby is going to leave this weekend, and BB and I will stay behind until the end of the month to pack and say goodbye.
At some point last year Missha polishes were getting a lot of hype in Nail Polish Land.
You walk the Erie beach
Love them, hate them....wear them or not?...I am a fan of the espadrille and wear mine constantly in the summer...but only in the summer and only with the most casual of clothes. I buy mine in the French markets (Arles has the best)...Years ago they cost a couple of euros a pair, now they are closer to ten euros...but that's life....and probably because they have become a fashion item and derigueur for this season.... even one of my favourite fashion bloggers Garance Doré agrees....I stick with the simple styles but some of the more fancy pairs, like the Chanel two-tone are pretty cute....
I scoured the city for earplugs which apparently are a rare item because I went to every supermarket and convenience store in my neighborhood, Kmart, Target, and multiple pharmacies before I found a pair. I consulted a few people back home who actively follow F1 racing and learned about some of the drivers and made my decision of which team and driver to cheer for. I decided on team Red Bull and drivers Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber (an Aussie). They made me quite proud in the end, way to go boys!!
Lastly, I want to thank my very very very best friend in all the whole world, my hero, the human that I could not have made it thru this without, my wife Betty. Honey, you truly are a blessing from God. I thank him for you and for your love, for holding my hand and helping me get thru this part of my life. I love you, and I truly am a better person just by knowing you. I love you with all of my heart.
The modern world, eh? Everything on tap. At the drop of a hat.
I found that lining a large bowl with a plastic grocery sack (or two) keeps the bowl clean and makes for super easy clean up.
She named six people whose names she knew and her mother and brother.
James also worked extensively as a sideman, backing harp great Sonny Boy Williamson in 1945 at a Chicago gin joint called The Purple Cat and during the 1950s with his cousin, slide master Elmore James (to whom Homesick was stylistically indebted). He also recorded with James during the 1950s. Homesick's own output included crashing 45s for Colt and USA in 1962, a fine 1964 album for Prestige, and four tracks on a Vanguard anthology in 1965.
it's a picture of the three remaining members of my family. My mother was the only one of her family to have any children and none of us have any. Seems the three of us were seldom photographed together. Probably a reason for that. Sheesh, what a crew.
Sentiment: Spellbinder dies and Just Rite Stamps
And lets just chat about this tournament a bit shall we? The last time KU won the national championship was four years ago. I was a senior in college (my sister is now currently a senior at KU). We kicked some UNC butt in the final four (it was the elite 8 this year, and maybe not quite a butt kicking, but whatever). And we faced a Callipari team in the championship game. History repeating itself? I sure hope so. ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK GO KU!
_________________________
Related News:
Tired of crying, of holding the shattered pieces of herself together, Amanda hugged David’s robe-wrapped ashes one more time and climbed out of bed.
The demise of the PCN and PDC makes it even more likely the FMLN and ARENA will continue dominating not only the legislature, but also municipal governments, where ARENA currently has a 120 to 95 advantage over the FMLN in terms of mayorships. Fewer than 50 Salvadoran municipalities are led by mayors from the other parties.
3). The Angels on the other hand, are next to last in overall team hitting. They’re batting just .236, with 17 homers, (3rd from last in the AL), and 76 RBI’s, (2nd. to last in the AL).
The general consensus on this story is that the first episode is brilliant, but after that it becomes a long routine of running down corridors and getting captured. While the story is entertaining enough on a wet afternoon, I can't see much reason to depart from this consensus.
rich with intensifiers, and adverbs fell
Plunge in..
I swear I will try to behave myself. Ignore the fingers crossed behind my back.
By the last night one of the boys got her and a friend a wheel chair and pushed them around the park...
I had a really hard time finishing stories, though--child and then teenage me had a difficult time with the concept that stories had to be finished when they got boring. There were so many shiny new plot bunnies to explore! And when I did come close to finishing, I suffered The Great Computer Crashes™ and didn't bother going back and rewriting everything. This attitude has, obviously, changed in the years since.
The Health Center Corridor along 1st Avenue between East 24th Street and East 34th Street.
Whisk the hot water into the gelatin to soften, making sure that there are no lumps, then let it sit while you scald the milk. Thoroughly whisk the gelatin into the milk, again, making sure that there are no lumps.
I read a lovely poem today (see below), which spoke to me of courage… I recently concluded my food blog, but it’s still on my heart to share my writing. Writing, though I’ve done it nearly every day since I was six, remains one of my most tremulous interests/pursuits – and so it is with mixed feelings and in a continuous effort to conquer my fear of public writing* and perhaps encourage you, that I begin this blog tonight. (Topics TBC – I’m thinking courage/truth/personal development at this stage – ideas welcome!)
Which is why I am sure you can understand my reaction when I walked into a radio station (okay THE radio station) and it smelled strongly of pine cleaner. So strongly the next day it was just as strong.
Skin: UrKiddo-Sunkiss – :::Modish::: (Kawaii Fair)
As sex becomes more and more casual, sometimes we forget that there is an etiquette that must be followed.
Skakkamanage took a cozy start but ended in chaos. Two different voices in a clash as 2 trains on the same trail.
This is the day you longed for
I have to confess that I only liked my dress at the Epic Titanic Dinner but thanks to the revamp that Bridget and I did I now LOVE it!
Help me guide them and teach them through example to lead lives of wisdom and strong loving faith.
Operating hours
So yes, there’s all this looking forward going on, but there is an equal amount of reminiscing going on. I understand why everyone starts getting nostalgic when January 1st nears, demarcating year from year. I too look back and think of what this year brought, and start adding up the trials and tribulations and things and people created and destroyed, and I even get giddy over trivial “best of the year” lists (mostly movies, bands, albums, books, entertainment stuff).
I love simplicity with bedrooms - not a lot of clutter or furniture, but a few main pieces in neutral colors, and maybe a really fun colored wall (or a fun colored accent wall). I die for white linen too, which I didn't realize until I found all these pictures that, for the most part, have that element in common.
There is a faction in Washington that would like to see women in their place–without say over their own bodies and reproductive health care. How someone can equate that with democracy is beyond me. And there are leaders whose thin veneer of racism is so transparent that their real intentions bleed through on an almost daily basis. For some in Washington I fear that this election year is not about choosing a president, it is about getting that black man out of the White House.
I received a letter which Was quite harsh on a blog I posted a few days ago. I wish I had had the “out-out” to make the letter public but my friend denied me this opportunity.
My youngest brother pulled in a nice 17 inch bass on an artificial worm. Minutes later his wife reeled in one an inch longer. Neither my brother nor his wife spilled a drop of their Coronas while fighting their fish to land.
‘Like Crazy’ is a quiet movie. What you hear is low-key dialogue, as opposed to loud explosions and cars crashing. Unfortunately, the quiet tone of the film was interrupted by the loud eating of the couple to my left. These people were eating their pop corn with remarkable vengeance. It was as if the pop corn had inflicted major pain upon them and it was revenge-time. They were attacking the paper bag like it was the last available food on earth. And do you know what happens when you attack a paper bag? It makes a loud noise. And do you know what happens when you are munching pop corn? Yes, that’s right, you are very loud and the person to your right is wishing you would choke on it.
Walgreens is about to start doing the same, and I’ve noticed several other retailers no longer appear in the Sunday paper.
HOWEVER ...
when the freedom breaks
I wonder how exactly would it feel to be a girl… a woman…
There is something to be said about grooming and caring for oneself and definitely dressing. Frumpy, ill-fitting clothes only make matters worse. I have been trying to work on that. I get a little nudge now and then from my beloved who has on occasion helped me with my wardrobe. Such as the time that he kindly but forcefully made it clear that a certain weathered and worn-out old shirt did nothing for me and that it was going into the garbage that very moment. His point was a good one. He sees me differently than I do, and thank god for that. Hiding behind old clothes is just another symptom.
"Money talks and bullshit walks. And I'm walking!"
Kate muffled a scream behind her gag. What was going on? Drawing a mobile from his pocket the man punched in a text.
Not all bad bets are accompanied by trumpeting of the advances paid. Random House (them again?) won’t say what they paid Mark Haddon (of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time) for his second novel, but they printed 200,000 hardbacks, and, in six months, have moved about 44,000. In a similar vein, see HarperCollins, who printed up 150,000 copies of Vikram Seth’s Two Lives, and moved about 20,000 in four months (though Book Scan figures claim only around 6,000 have been sold).
Have you been looking for a beverage that tastes good and is good for you? Read more about the benefits of organic green tea here (…)
I like light soul…its got rhythm and style.
Wow- what great cards to share with you this week! Why don't you make a card for a child using fall colors and join us in this fun challenge? You have until October 14th at noon CST to enter this challenge. After you do, please consider sending your card as well as any others appropriate for a child in the hospital (see our guidelines above) to Send a Smile 4 Kids at either of our addresses (see tabs above for all you need to know.)
The greatest seal-of-the-deal;
1929
There’s a gurgling stream,
4) The mullet I saw today. I never climbed on to the "Epic" bandwagon, but believe me when I say if ever there were a place and time to use the word epic, this woman's femullet would have been it. The party in the back continued all the way down to her waist in a lovely natural shade of brunette, yet the business in front was bleached and slicked back. If some dude from the cast of Baywatch had a baby with Michelle Duggar, you would have gotten this lady. It. Was. Awesome. I regret only that I did not have an inconspicuous view for which to take a cell phone picture.
And a reminder that I will be at Cadogan Hall on 21 July talking about writing and editing from 11.15am -12pm. Do come if you can!
Siouxsie
The year was a blank canvas, and God filled it up with every color that he ever created.
3) SD Florida - 25%
A way to remove oneself from judgement is to step back and to let go of emotional attachments/reactions to a the scene or situation. To watch it as an unbiased observer and say, “this is as it should be.” It may seem strange and foreign to do this, but if you let yourself it will feel right to you. A big weight lifts. For when we judge we feel heavy, awful.
During the first two years of college, myself and two of my closest friends, obsessed over Paul’s Boutique, Check Your Head and Ill Communications. We spun their records and those of Pharcyde, De La Soul,Biggie and Tupac at house parties. We each adopted one of the Beasties as a reflection of our own personality. Ad Roc’s hyperkinetic obnoxious thrift store irony, MCA’s cool spiritual calm, and Mike D’s entrepreneurial pragmatism provided each of us with our own particular model. Me? For better or worse, I was Ad Rock. I loved it.
For every argument attacking the validity of these tests they have a host of results confirming their accuracy and typicality. Fascinating stuff if you are interested in reading up on it.
It doesn’t matter whether you look at presidents (Lincoln or Taft), musicians (Usher or Heavy D), or tennis players (Sharapova or Serena), it’s clear that we all have different builds, just as we all have different genetics, metabolic rates, and chemical interactions. Still, there are some fundamental biological facts that are true whether you’re built like a branch or a stump. As a species, we’re programmed to gain and preserve the right amount of weight. That’s simply what our bodies are designed to do (more on that coming up). The trick is to figure out your factory settings. Then, we’ll give you the all-important lock-setting tools that will help you to reboot those factory settings so that your body maintains its ideal size and shape.
Crazy Love by Trailer Bride
Here are my thoughts from my donation:
Final score - Grandma W/Carla Bruni - 0
was not in a position to be listened to or taken seriously)
Q: Does the soul experience happiness and sorrow, or the mind experiences it?
4. What is one food you will NEVER cook?
“Without friends no one would choose to live, though he had all other goods.” Aristotle
We have started eating mostly beans, potatoes and rice in different forms. It's actually simplified our eating. I make a crockpot full of beans, and a rice cooker full of rice, and we eat that for two or three meals.
Wild flower Mix 4.26.12
The turban above is apparently over the rollers below. You really wouldn't know it!
Why were these movies so popular? Because they all took themselves so seriously and with such solemn pretension that you could feel the corners of your mouth twitching as they stretched for profundity with every appearance of a gigantic mutated grasshopper crawling up the side of a building (which was really a building on a postcard or some such).
After a delicious meal, Carla, Sarah, Amir and I decided to trek up to Scenic Drive to see fireworks over teh city. We figured by going to a high spot, we'd see at least one show. Nope. We saw some fireworks from New Mexico on the horizon, but they were about an inch big from where we were sitting. The fireworks we waited almost an hour for had been set off about 15 minutes before we arrived so we went home only dreaming of fireworks. I created my own picture of what they could have looked like had we executed our fireworks plan better....
“I guess you’re right,” says Liam. He shrugs regretfully and walks back toward his car.
Q085) Do you have words you habitually keep saying?
I stood there looking at Chris Chulack, the captain of the ship, the man I was entrusting to coax the best performances from the best and brightest performers, the man who wanted me to go out on the sidewalk and represent some semblance of humanity. “I don’t think so.”
I didn't note those kind of stats in the male study, but rather than rant about any of that, let's add some common sense, shall we? If you're obese, lazy and drink all of the time, you're probably not going to live all that long. Male or female. Just my thought. And now, I am going to the gym. Cheers!
It was not clear who were the first tea drinkers. The legend of Emperor Shen Nong was a bit far off in my opinion as the early writers always seem to attribute important discoveries to their rulers to glorify them. Some research also suggests that it was the Mon Khmer people in Burma who discovered it based on the etymology of the words for tea. Regardless, we know that the Chinese were the first to popularize the drink and to perfect the methods of processing tea leaves.
It was so hard to work as a team and love one another when all your body wanted to do was sleep and all you wanted to do was cry. It was hot, we were tired, and wanted nothing more than the intense classroom learning we had given up to come here. I learned so much though. I learned that I can go days with minimal food and water. I learned we could work as a team when it was tough. We found each others’ strengths and weaknesses and played them up. Leaders emerged this weekend that never would have spoken up in the classroom. It was a weekend I can’t say I’d want to repeat anytime soon, but it was well worth it. I am more in love with my KBM family that I was a few days ago. If you can be stranded in the wilderness with someone and not go crazy, I think you’re in for the long haul.
December 8 on your calendar to make sure you can come out to this popular
The One Mind is a place where a pervasive peace permeates the self, expanding out in all directions. It is absolute, complete. There is nothing left undone.
But we also need to make sure that our children know that we believe in them, that we know that they can be successful. And that education is important not just because it will help you get a job, but because of the journey it takes you on. We want to develop life long learners, not just those that memorize the facts and then forget them after the test.
Sadly, they didn't have both the sizes I needed, but I traced them to another site, janetscloset.com. Besides the fact that Bordello makes up to size 14 as well as regular sizes, they make some really cute shoes...Funtasma was a cute brand that popped up a lot as well.
Maybe people from other countries, It's ridiculous, but It's very important for me too!
-The bear is wearing a silicone wrist band which is, I assume, purity related? (0:48)
Nature, Science and a Good Idea
"YEARS after it shut, an Eltham site is still awaiting redevelopment while residents complain rats and flooding are causing a health hazard.
5) Music. Sometimes I don't listen to anything for months. But right now it's Miten, Joni Mitchell, Snatam Kaur and Charlotte Church. What nourishment!
Combine all of the ingredients in a pressure cooker or large pot on medium-high heat until the meat and vegetables have softened (to the point of falling apart) and the liquid has colored slightly.
“It’s the last game. We were playing for pride,” Martin coach Armando Garcia said. “I just wanted it to be kind of memorable for the seniors, (and) to go into next season on a positive note and get that 10th win.”
There was a seafood stew? or something like that… I didn’t get a pic, it wasn’t that great. I also didn’t get a picture of the fried oyster on a cracker from Mahi Mah’s, but it was very good!
12. open baggie, take paper out, if you use watercolor paper, you may want to take a heat gun to dry the paper, it will be soggy.
My job - SAVE THE UGLIES BY GIVING THEM MAKEOVERS.
(General Najiya looks down at the ground for a few seconds)
While Ching may have been the real McCoy (or should I say the real Chee Toy?), Chung was the superior showman, more “Chinese” than an actual Chinese person, because he knew just what the mostly-white audience’s biases were. He gave them the dime-store Chinaman they wanted, something an actual Chinese person could never hope to fathom. In vaudeville, phony tended to play better than authentic. Chung made his entrance from the ceiling suspended by his Manchurian pigtail. Ching would never do any such thing for the simple reason that his pigtail was real! Chung went the whole nine yards, even speaking only in mock Chinese and conducting press interviews through an interpreter.
Ray – You have some interesting thoughts here. Dr. Lay and I want to remind you that the assignment is titled “Structured Critical Reflection” and the intellectual standards for critical thinking are expected to be incorporated into your discussion. Therefore, you are expected to support your ideas with evidence from the assigned readings or other outside reading.
“Blu Tack? Then they certainly need safety goggles.”
If you meet the above-mentioned qualifications, please send your CV, a recent photograph, and supporting documents (please quote the position code on the subject) not later than 22 December 2011 to :
I guess my hair is trying to tell me something.
The ancient, air-condition-less mini-buses used to transport us through the desert brought us to a small parking lot that overlooked the courtyard filled with children. An L-shaped two-story building where the children lived provided borders to the left and straight ahead, and a small road through the property created the final border to the right. Beyond the road a little ways was the Pacific Ocean. Its cool breeze was gently swaying the trees putting the finishing touch on a perfect setting.
In some cases the licensor assumes a degree of responsibility and obligation to defend a licensee. The parties may split the actual litigation expenses evenly, or the licensor may agree to pay up to a certain percentage of royalties collected from the licensee at the time of the suit.
Happy Saturday! This may be just another Saturday to you, but to me it's an anniversary of sorts. Today, April 28th, marks my 12th year living in Calgary. (I'm in Alberta, Canada for those of you that are unsure where Calgary is.) As I got to thinking more about this day, I realized I've never shared with you the story of how I met Mr. CC, and ended up moving from Las Vegas to Canada way back in 2000. I don't think I've ever told you much about me. So, with a dozen Canadian winters under my belt, I thought now would be a great time for an "about me" type of post. What do you think? Yes? Alright then. Grab a cup of tea or coffee and get comfortable, this may take a little while. ; )
The little engine that could never gives up
4-6 tilapia fillets
Just as important IMHO is experience, soap is made from caustic soda which must be accurately weighed out to the gram on professional scales for absolute accuracy or it's possible to burn the skin!
So, I'm in horrendous shape, and I am the complete opposite of flexible. I'm surprised I can bend over to tie my shoes. All this to explain why I was a little nervous about my next "Before 40" feat. I have never climbed a rock wall.
We couldn't run a 5th anniversary retrospective without some sort of commentary on our favorite artists and albums in recent memory. We decided to contain our lists to this decade - 2000 to the present is compact enough to feel relevant to our organization's history, but stretches far enough back to include the artists who inspired us to start a site like betterPropaganda in the first place.
Later in the day wifesy said, “I should marry some random dude, just so we can get the deduction.”
As much as Susan Perl will always be remembered for her prolific contribution to the world of children's books, as much as she is loved for her keen and sensitive observations of 'the secret world of children'...
They were having a little outdoor party at the entrance to the neighbourhood. There were hot dogs, drinks, music, and a stage where kids could dance, and they could also decorate Halloween treat bags. It all sounds great, but after a while you can only smile and say ‘hola’ to people you don’t know and who don’t speak your language for so long. Plus I was feeling sick, so we pressed on to the main event – trick or treating. We buzzed a few security gate buttons, and weren’t getting any responses. Eventually we found a gate that had a pumpkin! So we buzzed it and found a witch handing out candy! After a bit we decided to follow the hordes of children that were now leaving the outdoor party in packs, and had more success that way. We managed to collect a small helping of candy for each kid. But after about 1/2 hour, we were running out of options. You see it seemed to be about every 10th house or so that was participating, and because there were so many children, and so few houses, the houses would often run out of candy and were booed by the crowd at the gate when they explained they had no more. So it was an experience, that’s for sure, but it definitely has a way to go to catch up to N. America in popularity.
Easter Dinner: “Janssons frestelse” (Like a potato Gratin with anchovies, sounds weird, but is delicious), sausage, meatballs, potatoes, herring, boiled eggs, canned corn, and beer/schnapps/Coke/must.
But I'm just not as up on things as I used to be.
We don't practice shooting arms, legs, or the bad guy's gun hand. You only draw your gun if someone is threatening you with serious bodily harm or death and you shoot to kill! I believe that if you don't have the mindset or beliefs and you're not willing to take a life in defense of yours or your loved ones... then DON'T CARRY A GUN!
It's soooo humid here in Singapore! I wish it will rain soon.... cats & dogs! Looking at the sky from the window, I know it's raining in some areas. Unfortunately, not in this area..... Rain, rain, please come here........
When we're indoors, the edges of our environment are just a few feet away. Even in the largest palaces we can see the horizons of our landscapes. That makes us feel bigger, more powerful. When we came indoors, we stopped thinking of ourselves as a part of the natural environment. At that point we began to believe we were somehow above or beyond "nature." That stage of development wasn't exactly great for our species or what we call "nature."
And, guess who won? GUESS who won, ALMOST FIVE HUNDRED EFFING DOLLARS, in a 40-person, Texas Hold 'Em, Poker Tournament, IN LAS VEGAS?
Regarding Finnestad’s comments, to be fair, I’m not sure whether or not Reilly quoted him out of context. That is entirely possible. But as provided, the quote is not accurate. Yes, Jesus’ sacrificial death and subsequent resurrection were enough to cover the sins of every person who ever lived, but His sacrifice is only applied to those who follow Him. Finnestad is basically saying that it doesn’t matter what you believe, everybody’s going to heaven. Scripture just doesn’t bear that out.
The 'ghostface' voice that calls everyone on their cells to taunt them and ask them horror trivia (PS- I knew every answer!) is actually available as an iPhone app so even getting the call is no guarantee it's the 'real' killer and not a prank. And the real killer sounds less scary and more just old--a Stuntman Mike from beyond the film's ageist cast list--and hackneyed from over-familiarity. More could have been made of him sounding old as if Hamlet's father's ghost or Charlie on Charlie's Angels. We never see ANY old people in the film, so he becomes--even though we know the voice isn't 'his' but some phone app--a representation of age and decay more sad than scary.
Charter 2000-Aliran
02/20/2007 43.63
% LB OZ Malt or Fermentable
No wonder he manages to live in such extravagant and opulent style with a very showy house that has raised so many eyebrows in Kuching!
Knowing what you want to do at the start of a process stems from being organized and also grows out of having the foresight of knowing what supplies you need to begin step one.
I found some Easel Art Pages on the blog "Making Learning Fun". The idea is that kids paint simple objects by following graphic instructions. I printed out an apple to go with our theme. (Also becasue an apple is one of the more simple designs to print.) Marcus showed no interest in wanting to paint on the easel. Sophia was very eager to try this.
Welcome to Friday! We’re kicking off the weekend with a truly original, fresh plot from my fellow Noble author Imari Jade. Her romance STRANGE PACKAGING is an attention-grabbing story with an important theme from which we can all learn, but it’s so much more. Take a peek inside this engaging tale . . . I bet you’ll like what you see.
Although more popular on the continent of Europe and in the United States, there are several well-known brands of British lager - Barclay's, Graham's, Red Tower and others. With the return to normal trading, the leading Czech, German, Danish and Dutch lagers are available in those bars that hold varied stocks. Important differences in brewing practice have already been noted. A fairly high percentage of maize flakes and a more light cured pale ale barley malts are used for light lagers, whilst dark lagers of the Munich type have many qualities of light stouts. The decoction method of mashing and very light hopping with bottom fermentation are the general rule. After the first stages of fermentation the beer is left to mature in 'lagers' or storage tanks for as long as a year. Attenuation is as high as eighty percent.
It’s almost been an entire month since the last time I blogged, and today’s post isn’t really so much as catching up, but rather of complaining.
Having finally found my way out of Ashurst station (through a gate that is cunningly disguised as part of the fence on the platform for trains to Eastliegh [sic]), I follow the road busy with summer holiday traffic, much of it heading to and from the Forestry Commission campsite. Once off road, I head across tussocky grassland, then along a wide ride bordered by woodland: reminiscent of a dry river delta, islets of pink-purple ling and cross leaved heath separated by rivulets of close-cropped grass. In a group of trees, I find low earthwork banks, the only remains of Saltpetre House, where timber was burnt to provide a vital ingredient for gunpowder.
And of course it was 5:01pm. blue Cross was there, but not the Commonwealth.
Yet, of all this horror, we read nothing in the press, hear nothing from our politicians and see nothing on our TV screens. Our media and our politicians do not acknowledge these atrocities and do no want us to know about them, because they do not sit comfortably with either their political views or their agenda, and also because, as the victims are white they do not care.
Certainly we can meet to talk about the bibliography and the PowerPoint but, again, the paper presents the primary direction of my proposed research.
Junkyard
Its like you have a tic on your arm (I’ve had problems with fleas at my house, but I went with a tic instead for the analogy). Tics are a problem, right? How do you respond to the tic? Do you sit there and talk about it and blog about the tic? “Hey! I have a stupid tic on my arm! Its so tiny and could possibly carry disease! Blah blah blah… Don’t do anything about the tic because it only wants attention…” I’m sure that hurt the tic’s feelings, but he’s not getting off soon. Instead of that, people tend to do something about the tic and get it off..
Look, I know that Jason can be 'hard work' but talk about kicking a man when he's down. But hey, that's my fault for exercising free speech, isn't it? I guess that's why Our Lord told His disciples to clothe the naked. He knew the State wouldn't think to do it. They can consider it war, then. There must be a way for all of Brighton to know of their wicked treatment of the poor. I'll have a think. Still, its heartening to know that its not just the homeless that the State has it in for,
one who sees as she does
4) Remove the processed date and egg mixture from the food processor and add to the dry ingredients and mix well.
The bed was warm and toasty, the air in our bedroom was on the chilly side. I didn’t want to get up, so I gave my husband a little nudge. But he was still in a deep sleep and didn’t acknowledge the nudge. I got up and opened our bedroom door into the hallway – no smoke there, none in the kitchen area, and no other smoke-detector was beeping – only the one in our bedroom.
Or maybe these from H&M?
Gabriel Lorie
i) development remains a challenge, and a significant â€œknowledge gapâ€� as well as a â€œdigital divideâ€� continue to separate the wealthy nations from the poor;
If you know of any bungee jumps (properly organised and registered ones only please) that are over four hundred feet high I would love to know about it. It's a dare I have been given, and I never ever back down on a challenge.
Constable's skies were revolutionary, and he considered the sky to be the "primary organ of sentiment" in a painting.
sleek black cars like sharks
I will save giving a proper update on Allegra for when I do her '6 months' post in a few weeks time... I know, 6 months, I can't believe it either! AND I have so much to fill you in on in general... including one rather exciting piece of news which I hope to share soon! ﻿Now off to tackle those suitcases... hmph. x
She was the room-late-wish of time as space-soda
Shout it out to the cool kids?
And he laughed at me, "You do NOT look white."
Did that make sense?
She went home and was beaten that night. “How dare you!” roared her father.
In fashioning a reason to like having kids, it was tempting to group these moments under a label like ‘innocence’ or ‘purity’ or ‘simplicity’ and to pose them against the exhaustion, stress, cynicism, manipulation, and jealousy of adulthood. But this opposition is fanciful and unfair to both children and adults. My children are not naïve actors in the world. They have their demands. They have their desires. They have their strategies to pursue them. In this, they are not pure, innocent, or simple. Similarly, as an adult I don’t find my life to be defined in world-weary terms. Adulthood is so much more complicated and interesting than that.
The Commandments were re-posted, and then taken down again upon the advice of counsel. A local attorney proposed a display that would include the Decalogue in a historic exhibit about Western foundational law and government.
Lighting #2 - Beautiful Lamp with Detailed stitching on it - totally a French feel that I snatched up for $20 at a GOB sale in AL.Accent Fabric being used throughout the room in small ways... I have yet to make the pillow covers that will be tossed on the sofa... On my to do list for today.. It's also being used for cuffs on baskets on my shelves...and the shade for the lamp stand.
Tips For Choosing a Men’s Watch
After all that, we can start building bookshelves and then start the superfun process of painting. Oh, and we need to move the thermostat too. WHY do they put those in such odd spots? I’ll be sure to keep you updated as we go!
I hope to upload some photos from the Pumpkin's 2nd Birthday soon. Our French Poodle Hot Pink/Zebra themed party.
Buy Online: There are tons of online bookstores (Amazon, etc.) that will sell you any book in the world. If you have a credit card, this is the easiest way to do things. It doesn't help on getting big chains to carry the book, necessarily, but it does help with Bookscan numbers, which is a way publishers keep track of sales. If everyone bought from Amazon, they could go to B&N and say "Look how popular this book is! Are you sure you don't want to stock it?"
And some further material from another press release from the same source:
Another signature on the form is, according to a friend of the person named, unlikely to be that of the elderly lady in question – as she is blind.
Norgaard, Kari Marie. 1999. “Moon Phases, Menstrual Cycles and Mother Earth: The
No. 1 of course is Fruit Punch – classic and red and delicious!
The “thugniggaintellectual” provided his own unique brand of insight into Santa’s “disruptive outlaw figures.” BurgermeisterMeisterburger in Santa Claus is Coming to Town, according to Neal, “reproduced anxieties” not about Nazism (don’t be fooled by the German-sounding name) but instead “about Soviet-styled Communism.” As usual with the Group, why let evidence get in the way of a good argument, in this case proving American society’s reflexive anti-leftism? Or take two of my favorites—the Miser Brothers of The Year Without a Santa Claus. In Neal’s reality, they “are used to gently chide the kinds of male flamboyance often associated with homosexuality(!!).”
60g Cheddar (grated)
Today is a very special day – it’s Waltzingmouse Stamps’ 2nd birthday. Two years ago today, Waltzingmouse Stamps opened its wee doors and enchanted us with the unveiling of Half Baked Gingerbread Joy and the Oven Fresh Gingerbread Joy sets. When I asked Claire what surprised her most after releasing her first two sets, she replied, “the fact that anyone actually wanted to buy my stamps!”
To fill empty nights and empty filled cups
The frontier of laos
The underback, connected with the mash-tuns, is a timber vessel holding about forty barrels, placed on a gallery in the next department. It is merely a temporary receiver from which the wort runs by gravitation to the worts-copper house, whither we followed it. The copper hearth, which we next visited, is a lofty gallery upwards of a hundred feet long; it possesses a metal plate floor, raised to such a level that the men can see into the coppers and easily drop in the hops, when required, during the process of boiling. Here, there are placed as many as ten wort-coppers, each of a hundred barrels content, fed by long mains alongside the building, with openings to each vessel. The coppers are all heated by Jucke's patent furnaces, and their boiling capacity is 90 barrels per copper, or a total of half a million gallons per week. Naturally, this is a very hot place in summer, and would be warm at any time of the year ; but by the use of two of Blackman's air propellers or ventilating fans, 6 feet in diameter, the place is kept cool and entirely free from steam. The coppers have, near the bottom, a brass cock for delivering their contents, both worts and hops, into a semi-circular duct that runs the whole length of the building, and which communicates directly with the hop-back at the southern end of the floor. To view this we ascended the gallery which projects over it.
If people think that John McCain:
Thanks for taking the time to sign this petition. Both your words and actions illustrate the importance of maintaining an open and democratic Internet.
Apparently Guinness has a World Record for youngest professional artist. It was Barnett Newman, who didn’t have a solo show until he was 45. But these days artists are being groomed before they even finish grad school. Some even while undergrads.
Back to the food and I decided to make stuffing by adding a duck egg (thank you Pecan) and some breadcrumbs made from three slices of stale bread to the roughly chopped herbs and threw in some chopped sunflower seeds for a bit more texture.
Subtlety of flavor and proper manners are lost on them. Do you ever notice that they always eat the most expensive food first? The shrimp could be horrible but they will still eat them all first. Don't be mad at the simple minded fools, JUST WATCH THEM ACT LIKE HIGH ROLLERS AND ENJOY."
One question I get a lot, even more than the protein question, is how can you afford to eat so healthy? Well I tracked that when I was on my 60-day juice-fest and my grocery bill went down %43. Now since juicing once a day and eating normally otherwise, in general, my grocery bill is still quite a bit less than before while others experience their grocery bill growing & growing. I found this info to back up my experience
Sometimes just getting out of bed is a struggle and writing is rough, but with my scattered thinking and other issues, it is about all I can do now. That's the long answer. The short answer is, I don't know. I'm a writer.
Or if you would prefer to look at it from the worker’s perspective, his demand is for wages, and his “cost” for the supply of them by way of a job is the difference between what he must spend to live and what he can earn. When demand exceeds supply, the price of the supply increases – the worker earns less while his living expenses remain the same or increase, thus his cost increases; the surplus of wages over expenses shrinks, or perhaps even becomes a deficit.
Here is the gorgeous stamp I have used..............
ND - between a newco and a CVA , they are fairly fine. From the SPL’s point of view, we have more of a say when it comes to a newco. If the administrators come forward with a CVA proposal and they agree with the creditors, and they agree a deal with the bidders for a CVA, our involvement is fairly minimal. Our involvement steps up if there is a newco because we would have to, as a Board, give our consent to the transfer of the SPL share to that newco or…
In a survey conducted to a cross-section of individuals, I asked:
They’ve tied my hands, they keep me bound
III. A Political Miracle (ii)
Removable Clip-on Tape pocket, small fastener bags, 2, 2003 OxyTM Tool Shields. Zipper bag for driver bits, small items, etc. A holster for the rafter square. All l… Read More >>
10. I love that you have finally understood that you just need to listen to me when I am on a rant (hehe) and not put on your Mr.I-Can-Fix-It-All hat and I love how you do that despite it being so difficult for you.
her transformation beautiful to behold
and my reply...
Go go go.
However, this suddenly comes to a stop when you reach the service manager or senior manager level of the authority. Suddenly, the ambitious member of staff is confronted with just the top 5% of the local authority and many of them are not going anywhere quickly. Even if they do the amount of jobs on offer at the next level up are relatively small as many of them are extremely specialist. For example, I have a friend who, despite being at a non-managerial level has just three roles in our council he can move into. After that there would be just one if he is not to move out of his specialist profession.
What “Web 2.0” has highlighted is that it is even more important for brands to step away from the ‘top down’ broadcast thinking; where marketers tell consumers what they should be thinking and buying. Instead, we have to realise that the interaction and conversation that really counts is the one taking place between consumers over time, across multiple channels. In a way it has made things more difficult for brands and marketers. But whilst the digital age has given people more ways to have conversations it has also made it so much easier for agencies to find out what these conversations are about and who is talking to each other. Agencies need to be thinking about how to influence, inform and stimulate the conversations that are already taking place. They need to find the important and influential people in these conversations and work with them.
Beggar and Vlad walk over to a makeshift table
How the word got out about Baysee isn't made clear, but in the nineties both the Radio One DJ Gary Davies and the pop mogul Simon Cowell became interested in this rather absurd London figure, and he was offered a record deal. A round of press interviews followed where he revealed that he had been badly assaulted in the course of his duties twice (and incidentally, given that I've witnessed assaults on buses in the same area if not the same route, I don't think that this claim is a piece of Cowell encouraged exaggeration) and had only originally become a conductor when his own picture framing business went bankrupt. Left with a job he couldn't abide (claiming it felt "close to begging") working with difficult members of the public, he began trying to make the best of a bad situation, which clearly led to welcome if perhaps unexpected music industry interest.
*As a side note, I just want to point out that one of the children’s names in the list of Test Children is named ASPHYXIA.
Even though you are being “nice” by letting your bridesmaids choose their own bridesmaid dresses, you should still set some parameters as to color, length and formality. You want everyone to complement each other, especially in formal portraits.
Please remember to show your support to our soldiers, sailors and airmen today.
spirits caught in shadow
From Cappadocia we’ll try and reach the Greek border as fast as possible and get to Ohrid in Macedonia for a relaxing day by the lake before we continue straight back home.
Honestly, to anyone still reading, this is really just for me. Feel free to read on, but I can't promise you'll find much interesting. I've realized recently that part of the reason I take so many pictures and videos is because I want to have cues that will help me remember things, have stories to pass along to Amari when she's older and hopefully curious.
To begin, getting blood from Maddy is like drawing blood from a stone. It took thirty minutes for a team of doctors and nurses to get enough blood for the tests. Fortunately (or unfortunately? I'm not sure) they kicked Bernard and I out for the procedure but I think the whole ward could hear her screams. She had multiple pokes and each of them is a sizable bruise. When we got her back, she was so sweaty from crying so hard. She wasn't crying when I walked in but the moment she saw me she let out a pitiful sob and spent the next 30 minutes whimpering.
that those little 'warnings' in my gut
We started a little container garden in our backyard. I've never been much of a green thumb, so if this works out, we might try a raised bed next year. For now we're trying our hands at tomatoes, cucumbers, spinach, green peppers, and strawberries. Putting them in containers means we don't have to deal with weeds.
In a bowl, mix the Vegan cream cheese and the Vegan cheddar cheese. Spoon about 1 Tbs. of the cheese mix into the jalapeno halves.
The first time I was asked to join a wedding party I felt a rush of excitement and anticipation, shortly followed by this thought: “Ok, what exactly does this job actually entail?” Though I did know a lot of the basics, I soon realized that being a bridesmaid is also a kind of state of mind (how very zen). Here are the basics of bridesmaid and maid/matron of honor duties, both tangible and intangible. I think of these first two as rules:
Some plants are flowering a little out of season but that's excusable, considering all that they have suffered this year. It's still delightful to see the bracts and blooms appear on my poor stunted Mussaenda philippica 'Bangkok Rose' ...
In a small bowl, stir together the mustard, sugar (Splenda), mayonnaise, ground chipotle, and lemon juice until blended. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the cabbage mixture and toss well to coat. Taste again for seasoning, then mound onto a platter.
Lunch was rice noodles with shiitake mushrooms, carrots, purple kale, canellini beans, and garlic, some hijiki seaweed on top and a little bit of sesame oil and pink salt. A bit bland, I would usually have put some miso or tamari in there to add that delicious umame flavor… but no more… I promise to stop lamenting what I can no longer have very soon. Not all together unsuccesful. Even Bragg’s has soy : (
It is here that every single person will have to go up and try the basic flying posture. Yah, cannot run. Every single person who is going to fly will HAVE to do this.
After the race I got cleaned up, packed a bag, loaded up the car, and headed back to SC. My chorus teacher from high school is retiring at the end of the school year, and this weekend was her last concert. She has always invited alumni at the concerts to come up and sing with the current chorus, so for her last concert there was a big push to get as many alumnus as possible to attend. We had a rehearsal Saturday afternoon with a catered dinner afterwards and the concert was on Sunday afternoon.
Looking through my wardrobe today i realized i have many tops, many skirts, many accessories.. a car bott is a must - as i have plenty of clothes i need to sell and get rid of ... this will be my next step - hopefully i can make some money and save it - not put it toward more clothes..
“And one more thing,” the writer declares as he’s thrown out of the cafe by a general public which no longer finds any value in his pretensions, “what’s happened to all the lyrics?” Who was it that decided the “rock” in post-rock only referred to guitars, drums, dynamics, and distortion? They forgot that the soul in rock comes from the lyrics, the simple phrases that, when combined with a pleasant progression and some moment from the listener’s life, take on a profundity they didn’t start with and don’t necessarily deserve. Big K.R.I.T.’s new jam “2 Mph” may not be a masterpiece in and of itself (although I have yet to find a flaw in its chorus), but rock it with the windows down while rolling through Amherst’s town center slower than anyone else, and you’ve got yourself a self-aware piece of performance art. The Mountain Goats’ “This Year” is similarly elevated when you’re drunk and screaming “I am going to make it/Through this year/If it kills me” along with it. The song becomes the crystallization of that moment right before a big change when you reflect on what you’ve been through, look forward at the open future ahead, and do it with all of the internalized confidence and determination that John Darnielle can force into his urgent voice.
When I was a child, Christmas was an enchanted time. The whole month of December resonated with incredible bliss. The anticipation, the decorations, the various traditions, the scents, my family - it all created a harmonious atmosphere which filled me with happiness.
Come on Britain. Wake up or die in your sleep. Soon Birmingham will be like parts of France, which are no go areas for the police or whites.
“People have to remember that even though we declared our independence in America in 1776, there were a few more years of fighting the British,” said Cordero.
How am I going to build these Dreads? Most people use the Aegis Defence line Autocannon turret to build their Rifleman Dreads. For the impatient or the frugal, that’s the way to go. I’m not really happy with the way they look (call me a snob) so I splurged and got the Forge World Dreadnought arms. They look bad ass and were totally worth it.
Brief History of online cultures and early online microcultures.
Doesn't the media have a responsibility? Aren't there at least minimal ethics surrounding truth in advertising? Hasn't the airbrushed-to-death trend in advertising caused countless eating disorders, not to mention women (especially young girls) who loathe their faces and bodies because they don't measure up, not completely realizing that the model they are looking at in the magazine doesn't wake up looking like that, either?
The first test of democracy is the holding of free and fair elections, the result of which must be accepted by all parties.
Once at school, my co-teacher, at my suggestion, called another parent, also a professional nitpicker, to come in and check the heads of all of our students. Fortunately she was available and came in. She spent an hour combing through heads in the back of the classroom, one at a time, while other children did their school work. She found lice in four heads. The parents of those children were notified as well, and will hopefully treat their children this weekend. The we sent out a class-wide email requesting that every family check their children regularly for lice. As you may remember, we are going camping on Wednesday, and cannot take children to camp with lice in their heads.
If you have a list of A, B, C, D, and E there should be no comma before the “and” because, in a list, the commas represent “and”s – that’s what they are, so it should be A, B, C, D and E (without the fourth comma).
Whilst we have no way of knowing if peregrine’s elsewhere on nests without camera have laid eggs yet, this is very early record and it’s exciting to have the 1st egg that people can see round the clock 24hrs a day. Depending upon how many eggs the female lays we could well get the 1st chick of the year too, due in about a month.”
With his experience of being subject of countless photos, Clooney offered the amusing fact that since “Everyone has camera on their phone, there have been a lot less UFO sightings.”
It never hurts to be well-informed with the latest on Accessories Hill. Compare what you've learned here to future articles so that you can stay alert to changes in the area of Accessories Hill.
Isn't the internet a wonderful thing, I have made so many wonderful friends over the cyberwaves that I would never have met if it wasn't for Mr Bill Gates!
Well... I didnt feel those things when Drew was born. Does that make me a terrible person? Don't get me wrong, when they first handed her to me, there was already a love in my heart for her, but I didn't feel like I was on cloud nine. I still felt very nervous. I felt dumb because I didn't know how to feed her or even calm her. I remember laying in the hospital bed with her laying in her little bed next to me. She was finally asleep. Josh was asleep. My parents had left for the night. And I just sobbed. As I was looking at her, I was thinking. "I don't know her. She's never going to leave. I'm 100% responsible for her well being, safety, and even happiness. I have to take care and love someone I dont even know???" It completely overwhelmed me and I was wondering why I didnt feel the "love at first site".
Time –7:00pm –11.30pm (1st act onstage 8.00pm) £5 on Guestlist £8 non Guestlist Email weplaymusic@dejavufm.com for Guestlist Email for press/blog enquiries
Now I am exhausted. I think I'll wait until tomorrow to plant.
In addition to a household credit, I'm also assuming in this scenario some sort of energy credit for businesses. I'll leave the details to others, as I'm insufficiently wonky in this area to put together a concrete proposal.
-The best thing I can think of is __________.
The winner, by random draw is....
Do you freeze in bulk? What do you like or dislike about it?
He's got epizootic, the glanders, and crud,
The non-magical version of Quidditch is arguably just as complicated as the fictional game, with a 55-page handbook detailing each and every rule that must be followed based on the regulations set down by the IQA. “I think it’s a really good representation of J.K. Rowling’s version especially because we aren’t as ‘well-equipped’ as the players in the book,” said Klump.
Stephen Schneider of Stanford University, who recently proposed a bizarre plan to send spaceships into the upper atmosphere that would be used to block out the Sun, admits that geo-engineering could cause “conflicts between nations if geoengineering projects go wrong.”
Sierra Nevada has always had a well choreographed line-up of beers, but in the past year there has been a change of plans and the Unfiltered Wheat was discontinued and replaced with a Kellerweis Hefeweizen. Smart move, because there is nothing particularly bad about this beer and nothing particularly good. It has a lemon scent and a light mouth feel. Sweet up front with a dry finish. There is not much wheat character at all. The best feature is the lingering spicy aftertaste, which allowed me to gain an appreciation for the type of flavor Spalt hops brings to the table.
The one I’m hearing the most, the one that the Pentagon backs, is a lawsuit that would lead to the arrest of the top cabalists.
*UK and Ireland only. Winners will be chosen at random and contacted by email after the closing date. Information will not be saved to our database. Dogs Trust reserves the right to re-draw names if the entry is incomplete, so please remember your name and address.
Flair said he will do it later, and we have security breaking them up.
Accommodations: The cabins are very comfortable with 2 bedrooms, and a new futon for the 3rd bed. I’d spoken with Michelle from Boulder Lodge about the 3 bed situation last year and over the winter they upgraded the 3rd beds, which should be extremely comfortable. I slept like a baby, after throwing musky flies all day, last year, but you will appreciate the changes.
13th Light Dragoons
Authorities are overstepping their boundaries when it comes to our children. Yes we need some sort of organization in place to help kids who are actually in troubled homes and need to go somewhere new. The places that they go need better monitoring because most seem like being in Tartarus. Parents have every right to raise their children and make proper decisions for them until they are old enough to do so themselves. We choose what they eat, what they learn, where they go and so on. We make the choice to have them vaccinated or not and should not be vilified for doing so. We make the choice whether to put them on drugs or not and should not have them taken away because we refuse to turn our kids into drooling zombies.
While his charge is petty theft, because of previous petty theft convictions, the charge for drinking the unpaid-for soda was increased from a misdemeanor to a felony, the arrest report shows. In Florida, a third-degree felony can result in a sentence of up to 5 years in prison and a $5,000 fine.
All should be on the same page and operating with the same goals. But it is easy to see how, as in any organization, each "department" is looking at its needs and how best to achieve them, and not always at the "big picture". Which means that at times they could be at slight odds with each other. Or at least not working in concert with each other.
“One of the duties of Congress is to provide oversight of the Executive Branch,” Donnelly told TheDC. “There has been a serious allegation of federal law enforcement misconduct and we need to get to the bottom of this issue without playing partisan politics.”Donnelly was one of 31 Democrats who sent a joint letter to President Obama in June 2011 asking that he direct Holder to comply with the Oversight Committee's request for documents on Operation Fast and Furious.
Yet, one day today, we wear ‘kuning’.
As claimed on the TKDL website, "TKDL gives legitimacy to the existing traditional knowledge and enables protection of such information from getting patented by the fly-by-night inventors acquiring patents on India’s traditional knowledge systems. It will prevent misappropriation of Indian traditional knowledge, mainly by breaking the format and language barrier and making it accessible to patent examiners at International Patent Offices for the purpose of carrying out search and examination". Apart perhaps from the claim about "fly by night inventors", this all seems quite sensible and generally a good thing. After all, patents should not be granted for inventions that are already known.
My dear sweet Mother gave me an address that was given to her some time ago. It was an address in the county that we lived all our lives. In fact we probably passed the address when we went to the coast for our annual bank holiday trips.
Foreign Language Film: In Darkness (Poland)
Here's what I said:
The winner of the December prize:
And morning naps.
More to give
- 1 tbs almond liqueur
Wait, it gets worse.
In between games, I plan to hit as many
Bailey checked Carter’s record for possible warrants, and when Carter jumped back over a short fence to tend to his fiery grill, the officer shouted at him, the suit said. Bailey jumped over the fence, grabbed Carter and shoved him into the fence.
Another round of "Gift of Jewels" hosted by Se'Lah at Necessary Room. Another wonderful opportunity to connect with others throughout the world. A post card, a card, or something you wished to send, just to reach out from cyberspace to the actual mail box of someone else. Se'Lah chooses the pairings from all who wish to participate.
The only way this could have been better is if Ray Milland had showed up.
The brew session went off without a hitch - we hit our target OG of 1.055 spot on, and the batch is currently bubbling away as I type this. I'm actually looking forward to trying this one out. I'll keep ya posted on it's progress.
Many of you aren’t.
From Carolee's poetry panel there is an entire power point taking examples of literary and poetic devices from her novel TAKE ME THERE and putting them into a fun format for middle and high school students. Look in the TEACHER
It’s the passion of Mann’s “lost history” viewpoint that makes the book so compelling. Mann presents evidence from architecture, science, philosophy, art, politics, technology, and many other areas to make his case that it’s time to give the early Americans their place in history.
Thank you SO MUCH for all the love, congratulations and birthday wishes!
If you want a great laugh, if you appreciate obscure references to the band “Sexual Chocolate,” or if you just want to hear two Hawaiian dudes try to pronounce Nogne O, go to the Two Beer Queers review of Winter Ale. If you don’t save their site as a favorite, Norse raiders will pluck your nose hair while you sleep!
I always get seated at odd tables. Tables shaped like peanuts, tables shaped like letters of the alphabet, and tables that slant in the direction of complete strangers.
Ludwig van Beethoven
Say It In Pearls by Prima
Authorial Asides: From the notes at the end of the book, you'll be pleased to find that author Bryce Moore has actually visited Trenčín, really likes the castle, and thinks you'd like it, too. Even if you don't see a vodník down the well.
While working on my book and with the SCAR Project I’ve also been doing a lot of soul searching. Trying to figure out what to do with this second chance I’ve been given. Life, take two. What. A. Gift.
investigation naming them as the culprits? And as for
When I went looking for a picture of me and Dear Hubby for an anniversary themed page, I realized something. We do not have our picture taken together enough. Obviously, I can't take it if I am in it. Well, I guess I could do some self timer shots but I feel too goofy to do that, so I end up relying on when my kids are around and can take a picture for me. My oldest is actually pretty talented and I am really hoping she gets into a photography class next year at school. Anyway, I think I have scrapbooked this picture of the two of us before, but whatever. I really like it and I gave it a new story, so it is like new to me!
Take that, doubter.
They won the heart of the majority of the animals by convincing them how badly they were treated by the “wicked rulers” and forced the “rulers” to stop ruling.
Welcome! This blog post is related to my Three Musketeers class at our homeschool co-op, Homeschool Out of the Box. We have an academic section, reading Richard Pevear's translation of the book, and an enrichment section, reading the Usborne Young Readers' abridgement of the story. For all lesson plans related to this class, click the Three Musketeers tag at the bottom of this post.
3. Make a well in the centre and pour in the eggs and the oil. Quickly stir to combine, then add the carrot and banana and mix together again.
Etc. (FUCK!)
A regiment can move up to its Speed in a straight line or a sweep. This is basically a diagonal move without changing the regiment’s facing. However, a regiment can only end its sweep move with its front side completely within its original position’s LOS. Any sharper sweep and the regiment would require a change of formation or risk disruption. This simply means regiments can move diagonally, but in an angle not greater than 45 degrees.
Mitchell Schwartz, OT, Cal — This is one of those weird reaches. He’s played right tackle before (which is where he’ll play with the Browns), but he doesn’t seem to have the raw talent of Cordy Glenn or Jonathan Martin, two guys taken after him. He’s supposed to be NFL-ready now, and he’ll get the job at RT. It’s not a terrible move, but why not take players with more talent if they’re available?
Emily Dickinson
Now, of course, try to find someone who doesn’t have a smartphone with video capabilities to record air atrocities.
Grayson opened his eyes as Doyle emerged from the spacious walk-in closet. “There’s nothing noticeable missing from here or in her wardrobe—clothes, shoes, luggage—all neatly arranged with no gaps where something used to be. No sign of a struggle anywhere. It looks to me as if she just walked out and left everything behind. Including you.”
Release Date: July 2, 2010
Check out what these talented bloggers came up with:
The chances of succeeding in premature absolute renunciation are exceedingly slim. That narrow margin is navigated only by those whose past lives are exceptional and rare. For the vast, vast majority of us, renunciation cannot be truly embraced without first fulfilling all our worldly responsibilities and thus exercise all our worldly desires in a way that simultaneously exorcises them.
February's book: Sarah's Key by Tatiana de Rosnay
In hearts at peace, under an English heaven
So do I recommend this movie? Hell no. Avoid this like the plague. This is the type of crap that gets dumped into cinemas this time of year, and you’ll save your money, time and sanity just skipping it. Visually the movie is competent, acting wise there are some good performances, especially considering with what the actors are given. But when the movie shouldn’t even exist, especially when the characters would do something different, you’ve got a heavily flawed movie. Come on Ben Foster start picking better movies.
Many of you are well on your way to achieving the radiance of an en-LIGHTEN-ed Self-master. When Sacred Love is present, all is in harmony.
On a very personal level, I think the words that I’ve avoided for a long time – words that are often spoken with whispers by people around you and not in front of you –started to creep up in my self evaluation: burnt out.
And I mean nothing... I read a whole book. I don't think I've ever read a whole book in just three days but I did. It was a good read and if you're looking for something to pick up go check out The Caddie Who Knew Ben Hogan. I'm not in to golf at all, but this was an excellent read and was the only thing they had on the shelf that caught my attention.
MLK: (more quietly) Because of my efforts, Barack, you are President today. Never forget the ones who came before you. And you must take care of your brothers and sisters. (building up to a crescendo again) You must STOP taking their hard-earned pay and THROWING it away on GREED, corRUPtion and WAR. You must PROVIDE universal HEALTHCARE to them. You must END the war in Afghanistan. You must bring our people HOME to their families. You must HELP them stay in their HOMES, END the criminalization of BLACK MEN, and give them JOBS and PRIDE. Our people do not need a HANDOUT and a LECTURE, Barack; they need HELP. And YOU are the only one who can give it to them. YOU can save the day. YOU can be the CHANGE they can beLIEVE in! Say it with me now:
11 Caesar's Palace Blues
I started a new blog to get famous y'all.
A ghost is what I’ve become
demonstrated".
This is the second time I’ve given this workshop and many who attended are also signed up for the advanced class next week on “now that you have a flock, what’s next?”
Yes, we had many holes on the roster to fill entering the draft.
A collection of shorter writings by Packer and another guy, Mark Dever, on the cross. Dever’s bits are okay, but you’re reading this for Packer’s stuff. Probably more demanding than the other books so far on this list, but the effort will pay dividends. And who doesn’t want to understand the cross a bit more than they already do?
Apart from that I was totally faithful to the recipe. Everything in it tasted fabulous but I'm especially in love with the Red Onion and Parsley Salad, which is quite like a quick pickle and the Sesame Salt rocked my socks.
George Carlin
Not a very relaxing afternoon to say the least, however I was VERY thankful for the new back to school outfit both kids got:)
Walter Becker: guitar
Napster and Rhapsody creates playlists in a roundabout way. You find the song, and then click on a button to add it to a playlist. In other words, you have to be on the album page or on playlist to add the song. That requires a lot of paging around to build a new list. MOG gets the gold star here, and Rdio gets a silver.
It is never wise to draw straight lines between the present and the future. History and culture don't move in straight lines. (This is why the predictions of experts are so often laughable from a distance.) Nonetheless, if the trends that exist today continue on their current trajectories, mass media -- including the web -- will dominate marketing as never before. They may ultimately result in "the end of the era of mass marketing." And usher in a new era of hyper-mass marketing.
“Exactly. Mineral life could best withstand the conditions which, as far as we know, are totally devoid of any animal life-sustaining factors.” How would they move or talk?
- Cloth diaper prefolds can be used for anything and everything. Even if you're not cloth diapering, it's great to have a dozen or so on hand. Burp cloths, changing pad covers, rolled up as head rests, towels, washcloths...you'll find yourself reaching for them constantly.
To try and put this in a human consciousness light, each and every one of us creates to some large extent our own reality. As such each sees or hears what is left after applying their personal filters and blinders. Naturally then not everyone who sees a rose will see beauty or think that gasoline smells terrible. Not everyone will relax to the sound of the rain and thunder or like the taste of chocolate cake. Once you run the input coming into your five regular senses then through your belief system and ego, the stimuli becomes unique to you alone. Five people riding in an elevator are experiencing five different realities.
So much to do all the time in this City!
"Yeah!"
Yes, past tense....I just turned it off.
The only thing I am questioning is my discharge letter! I can’t read (of course, doctors writing) what they listed as my diagnoses asides from Major Depression. It says emotional instability or something like that, no Borderline Personality Disorder! So, for once again, I shall be named ‘the Quiet’ and not ‘the Quiet Borderline’! EDIT: Someone has kindly reminded me that there is/has been talk of changing the name of BPD to Emotionally Unstable Personality Disorder – That’s what it reads on my discharge letter!!
History, right up to the current news, shows that an African tribal culture cannot be grafted onto a European-derived republic. It has never worked; it does not work.
Partner #1:
‘Good’ she said and did that thing with her long purple tongue across her small pointed teeth that I now knew meant she was thinking exactly the same thing I was. ’We leave?’ she said. ‘We go home and fuck?’
My Views: I loved it! The retired Darcy coming back into work because an old ex enemy who was really more friend than enemy asked for her. I fell in love before the first chapter was over. Darcy is a determined woman who knows how to deal with what is thrown her way. And since we'd met Sam before, I knew I was going to like him and I knew that he and Darcy would like each other. Very good book, must read!
Alright, so apparently pick-pocketing the Parasite’s flash drive has stalled him enough to allow the team to catch up to him by train even after his head start of combined Kryptonian/Martian flight. Even if I were to accept that, Parasite’s awkward line mentioning how his progress could have gone a lot faster could have been handled a bit better.
You're burying the place that the story starts: the oncoming battle. Everything else you've got here is set up or description. What's the plot?
and to
Moon looked up at his master and smiled before speeding off into the long grass.
As writers, unless we're working with an editor, there really isn't official deadlines. If we don't finish our manuscript, synopsis, or query, the sun will still rise and set, and the world will still keep turning.
A sketch map at the front of the book is useful for following the characters’ journeyings, for those not familiar with the geography of Britain and Brittany, although not all the places mentioned in the text are shown on the map. There’s no Author’s Note in the advance review copy; I don’t know if there will be one in the final version.
In a 110-page report, the commission said more detailed research is required to evaluate how useful the database is in helping to solve crimes, describing current evidence as 'flimsy'.
A gray light filtered through to where I was still standing. People rushed forward, almost falling out of the box. Those that had died along the journey now fell to the floor, and the others stumbled over them to reach the door.
I didn't make any resolutions last year, although I did mention in the answer to this question last year that I would like to exercise more and tone up. I would still like to do that. My resolve, however, is clearly not very strong.
Usually I come home from work, sit down on the couch, sip a half glass of wine and check my social networks, pay my bills, load the new translation projects into Trados for the evening working session, then I change my clothes, go to the garden to water my plants, sometimes to the off license store to grab something for the dinner, prepare my dinner with the other half of the glass of wine, while I watch some of the sit-coms, and then finally eat with another – sometimes even two other – glass(es) of wine.
His little sister? Here?
2. Are you able to make all of them from home?
Drag: I see. So tell me, how did you become a super hero?
It's been a great microcation. More to follow.
I miss my partner. When I spoke on the phone to him, he said he felt a bit lost without me there. Not long now though. My parents and I are all piling in the car tomorrow morning to head back – my father has another MRI scan to do.
Whatever the reason, the two started out on decidedly unfriendly ground…at least, that’s how Malcolm tells the story.
I can let her run around in the park with her friends while I sit and chat to the mothers (one eye out obviously) and I don't fly into a panic if I lose sight of her for a minute. It's fantastic to be able to trust that she won't run out into the road or leave the park without me, I've been waiting three years for that, eyeing the mothers on the park benches enviously.
Pk - Boy Mates Face Assortment
my thinking and feeling and hearing and sight
Oh yeah, sopa-pillas and Pippa Middleton.
Janus do not disclose the method of printing they use, print on demand or standard off-set, so it is a little difficult to fully evaluate their or the author’s investment.
Hong Lim Food Centre is a 2 storey hawker centre located at Upper Cross Street near Chinatown. You can find lots of good food in this place. With family visited this food heaven for lunch on one of my non working Saturday. We tried out 3 of the most popular and highly recommended noodles stalls. Let's check it out ...
The NUS student refused to compound the matter and settle it out of court with Dr Ngeow which led to him being charged in court. Besides her, Dr Ngeow also exposed his PRIVATE PARTS to another young female student who settled the matter with him in private with a ‘compensation’ of $5,000.
Another event where the upstairs seating had to be made available because of the size of the crowd. It seems former head of MI5 and now widely-admired spy thriller author Dame Stella Rimington (photo left by Gil Hanly is a huge drawcard wherever she appears.
An Anthology of Modern Irish Poetry
The spotlight comes up and the crowd applauds as the Master of Ceremonies strides onstage. Ooo, I'm getting a bit nervous. Take a deep breath.
While Vera is the main narrator, she also gets some help from three other sources. One is that Charlie interjects at a few crucial moments, haunting her from beyond the grave, encouraging to stand up and do the right thing while also apologizing for screwing her over in the months before his death. The third narrator is Vera's father. He only has a few moments but they were some of my favorites as they incorporate flow charts and his awareness that while he may not be the best parent, he does love Vera and wants her to have a better life than her parents did. The last narrator is also the most unusual, being a pagoda that comments upon the antics of the teenagers in the book. It has stood for years and seen their parents and it will continue to stand and see their grandchildren.
Crop Tool, Merged Opaque, Click Checkmark
During an inspection last year, the Mayor’s Office of Special Enforcement found 44 guests in the house, inadequate smoke alarms and other unsafe conditions, problems the city says are common when residences are used for short-term lodging.
...a 50's model Chevy truck I saw today, with weeds growing all around it, and vines climbing onto it.
Amidst the cackling noise
But more over,
I have been trying to keep up with blogs but I think I am a little behind! In real life I have been on the low carb diet for a week now and have lost 5 lbs. I managed to fit in 2 workouts this week in between writing papers and studying for tests at school. So it's crazy busy as always but at least the scale is moving in the right direction and I aced one exam this week!
Business usage of YouTube and Facebook sucks up almost 15 percent of the average org­anization’s bandwidth! This brings us to another reason to be
Thank you Lord that you love me so much you have given my life purpose and meaning. My body is a living sacrifice to you, Lord. In Jesus’ name. Amen
*Adopting every stray animal I see
Remove outer tough stalks of fennel, slice very thinly, saving and chopping fronds.
All in all, we had a kick-ass time. And 48 hours after all that - Harry Potter, Jeannie eating a cheeseburger (whaaaa?), spending a combined hour and a half in a car with a guy named Walter who thought our names were Samantha and Caitlyn, being spit on by Chris Thile, and finding out we could have realistically (not just in our dreams) had a drink with the Punch Brothers last night - I'm pooped. Peace out y'all.
As the country's majorities again confirm at the ballot box they are not in favor of gay "marriage," the nation's ostensible leader continues an evolutionary decloseting whose speed is lapped, so to speak, by the platypus. The delay is puzzling to me. Given the fact that Obama is the gayest straight man ever to hold the office of the president, I fail to see what the problem is in his coming out of the closet on a rocket...
Heat oil in a pan. Add onion and cook slowly, on medium heat until they start to caramelise. They should be evenly brown and soft. Cooking them this way brings out the natural sweetness in the onion.
CHICAGO WHITE SOX
We raise our children to say thank-you whenever they receive something from someone’s generosity. However, it takes time and life-experience for our children to understand the real power behind thanks.
Well, I’m back home and had my piano lesson yesterday and it was the best one I’ve had in a long time. My piano instructor noticed marked improvement, despite the fact I only physically touched the piano 3 days of the week. The other four days was all mental practice. So for those four days I was away, I still earned my calendar X’s.
I don't know how you have viewed this subject, but doesn't it just help you to take the pressure off of yourself trying to "be good"? We need to just trust Him and submit to HIM and let Him be good THROUGH us. It always has been and always will be about HIM. My God is Holy.
Though many residents are concerned about the potential for increased amount of tooth decay (which fluoride has been shown to be ineffective against), this is a major victory for the nation of people convinced that the hazardous bi-product of fertilizer is an unhealthful, worthless toxin. Many of the citizens, however, do not realize that the fluoride in the water supply isn’t even what actually benefits the genesis of our bone structure.
According to the Bruno Manser Fund (BMF), he requested in particular to know what criminal charges were involved, following revelations that the Swiss Attorney General’s office has cooperated with the Hong Kong authorities’ requests for information in respect of the Musa Aman case.
But Arny goes all bug eyed on him. Arny also is yet another Republicn that sends the same warning :
The statistics tell the story: Of 1,100 International Grandmasters in the world, only two dozen are women, and the only one from the United States is Susan Polgar, a Hungarian-born naturalized citizen. Polgar, a four-time world chess champion and founder of the Susan Polgar Institute for Chess Excellence, will be in Norfolk for the tournament next weekend to support NICE and encourage female partici pation in the game. The top winners also will have the opportunity to play in the Susan Polgar Foundation Girls’ Chess Invitational in St. Louis in July. “Chess can give girls self-confidence and is a tool to show that they are equal in areas that society says is reserved for boys,” Polgar said. Polgar, who started playing at age 4, said people often tried to discourage her from chess in her youth.
Instead of bumping into things
In topsey turvey land chaos cloaks all and when the fog has lifted it will be a different world, a world of horror of sameness and diversity a cruel hoax, can we not have our country back, our continent, our peace, must you confuse love for hate, rob us because they tell you we deserve it. Perhaps you should look back to. Look back and truly see who it was that had your country, that exploited your resources and made of you a disinherited people, it was not the common man, not those below stairs, the children in workhouses or those toiling for supposed betters but those that still today reap the harvest whilst all suffer, that augment war, suffering and torment and profit from it.
Yours Is No Disgrace
The youthfulness the thrill, the stories untold
While Ichigo’s body is becoming covered in the Hollow “material” (?), he begins to have a vision of a strange man in a cape in a world of boxes. The man tries to tell him his name but Ichigo is unable to hear it. Suddenly, the world begins to dissolve around Ichigo and the man implores him to find the box with his shinigami powers (at which point Ichigo remembers Ishida’s story about how shinigami‘s soul ribbons are red). Ichigo finds the hilt of his zanpakuto (though not the blade). In a massive explosion, he destroys the giant implement Tessai was going to use to kill him and emerges out of the pit in his shinigami robe. He also has a Hollow mask on but with one quick bash of his sword’s hilt, Ichigo is back to his normal bad-ass self. He passes his second test and now must do his third and final one which is to knock the hat off of Uruhara’s head who draws his own zanpakuto (which means he’s hiding something about himself). Uruhara nearly kills Ichigo when Ichigo sees his zanpakuto‘s spirit again and finally learns the swords name, zangetsu. It becomes a massive sword whose type I can’t really name and Ichigo easily (in one swing) knocks off Uruhara’s hat (and would have killed Uruhara if he hadn’t put up a shield). Seven days later (after Chad, Orihime, and Ichigo all say goodbye to their families), they return to Uruhara’s shop one last time (along with Uryu) to finally enter Soul Society. Uruhara has created a massive portal but he gives them a dire warning. They only have four minutes to make it through. Any more and they’ll be stuck between the world’s forever and thus they head out with Yoruichi as their guide.
The following is my list of favorite Doctors in order:
But too vague a description and the character is nearly invisible. Give readers something to latch on to that isn't purely emotional or judgmental. Something physical and real. Pull descriptions from the senses, and readers will recreate your character at their supper table.
And I PROMISE you...it did not disappoint. I fell in love all over again. With all of it. It took me back in time and it was amazing to see the perspective of the band. Now that I am old as dirt, it all looks different now. Just a bunch of young, long-haired boys who truly want to make great music that means something to them. A pivotal moment is the previously unseen footage of the band performing "Crown of Thorns" as a tribute to Andy Wood, the lead singer of Mother Love Bone, who died from a heroin overdose before the band could even release it's album. I loved to hear the band re-tell those times with Andy before music exploded out of Seattle. Eddie Vedder agreed to perform the song on their 10 year anniversary as a band, and it was an epic and moving tribute.
So welcome to the wonderful and versatile world of ribbons - silks, satins, sheers, ombres, wire edge and much much more - A true Ribbon Emporium.
In episode one, “Cats Don’t Laugh,” Rin has been hired to find a missing cat and instead ends up saving Koki, a very confused young man who feels like his memories are his but false. He wants Rin to help him figure out why and she does, even though he can’t pay. They end up visiting some secret science facility and battling clone zombies and it’s all done in a very assured, atmospheric manner that brings you right in to the story. Rin’s assistant Mimi is the large-eyed, super-energetic equivalent to Rin’s more somber approach, meaning the show keeps its energy in good balance – with Rin the show can be serious and moody and with Mimi the show can be goofy, or serious with a bit of bombast.
In the crowd beside me stood George Giddens, an actor who is appearing at the Criterion Theatre with Mr. Charles Wyndham in David Garrick. He knew every one in the procession, and I was not obliged to refer to my programme sheet. Giddens had been invited to sit in a window of the Opera House, but could not reach it. I recognized one of the lucky ones in a window of the steamship office where I had also taken a place. This fortunate one who had come earlier was Mr. James G. Blaine, the American Secretary of State, the famous " plumed knight," who would have been President but for the disastrous phrase: "Rum, Romanism, and Rebellion," which an ardent supporter of his launched against the Democratic Party, and so lost the Roman Catholic vote to Mr. Blaine.
Goodreads Summary of the book (prepare to drool):
Hours: Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 4 p.m.; Saturday, 10 a.m. – 4 p.m.
Today is the first challenge for me as a full member of the team and it is our Freebie challenge. Basically, you pop over to Dude Time Doodles, pick up the freebie image and submit your creation using that image.
And then it was quite late, so I went home and talked to Beautiful Music friend for some time, and am off to bed for real this time.
‘Who do you want to bring back?’ democratizes and trivializes the storytelling process. I want to believe that there is a master plan, that there are people who work for Blizzard who are experts at their craft and can create memorable characters and original ‘epic tales’.
Surely not, one may protest. A fish stinks from its head, no? You think no rich or powerful Swede or Japanese or German has ever abused his power? Of course he has, just like many rich and powerful Egyptians or Armenians or Greeks. But the vast majority of the 9 million Swedes who aren't the shady public official, as soon as they get wind of the scandal, will raise hell until he's in prison. Guaranteed. Most of the 83 million Egyptians, 3 million Armenians and 11 million Greeks won't. They'll simply look the other way. As often as not they already have a hand out themselves. 'I won't make noise about yours as long as you don't make noise about mine.'
Delivered to Mélanie Calvat and Maximin Giraud on September 19, 1846, the Secret of La Salette reads in part:
On one level, this is the story of land use, low income neighborhoods and those trailers and tent cities that are literally paved over, will be paved over. On another, Brady creates a textual simulation that in the thirsty spans of impossibly long sentences, bulldozes itself as it builds. The reader gropes for green spaces and finds turned-up soil, looks for bedrock and finds a jungle of dusty moss. This is Florida where it gets pinched and brittle. Somewhere along these airwaves, my transmission. Like Taylor Brady, I grew up in Florida in a town not too far from his place of birth. Toward the beginning of the book, the narrator of the moment is traveling down “Fowler Avenue” the other F street I always confused with the one that my mother’s hair salon was actually on. I spent most of my early years in the back room there while she worked. I was fascinated with the back parking lot, flanked by huge dumpsters full of matted hair clippings and bordered by the scrub woods where I was told never to go. An incidental angle, sure – and “angle of incidence” maybe, as Brady refers to it.
cease.
My other new love is Instagram. It used to only be available for iphones, but now there's an android version! My user name is thingswithwings - come find me! If you're on instagram, I'd be thrilled to follow you- leave your user name in the comments!
I have a small stash of Famous Artists School magazines from the early '60s, which are the source of constant delight to me. Every time I flip through them some new gem of art and/or information reveals itself. This time it was the FAS Student Showcase page in the Autumn '63 issue, which featured the young Robert Heindel.
I've just read through the very first short story that I ever received payment for. Don't know what made me do it because I haven't looked at it since it was accepted back in 2006. That one was published in TLFF and not long after I had another two accepted by different magazines in quick succession I thought I'd made it. I wasn't a best selling novelist but I was onto something. Oh poor dillusional me. If only it were that easy.
