Realistically though I’m not sure how an international agency whose purpose is to stockpile crude oil in the event of a catastrophic supply disruption will now take on the role of a supplier. The two roles are diametrically opposed. There is no doubt that the global economy needs lower oil prices but whether the IEA’s machinations will provide that is up for debate.
News site, NDTV reported that the Master Blaster will miss out on the multi-starrer tournament as he has not recovered from the toe injury in time to feature in the last year’s finalists squad.
#6. Veronica Campbell Brown – Jamaica’s best of all time and she knows it.
Mom's Mac & Cheese and Wings - September 21
What do you know this week?
Gently fold in flour mixture 1/4 c. at a time. Mix only until flour mixture disappears.
When released by United Artist’s in 1967, Racism was a critical issue. This was during a time of integration of the American Black community into the rest of American life, without segregation, that had reigned supreme since the end of the Civil war, nearly 100 years before. In the Heat of the Night is about an African-American detective from the north coming to Sparta, Mississippi to assist in the solving of a murder. The movie, however, was filmed in the more understanding North, in the small community of Sparta, Illinois, a small town about 50 miles south/southeast of St. Louis, Missouri. However, the film was also filmed in the small river town of Chester, IL. You have to remember, the producers did not want anything to harm the African-American actors at a time in American History, was so violent towards the community. Filming in Illinois was much safer than filming in either Mississippi, Alabama or Georgia, where racist’s would kill a man, woman or child just because of their skin color.
Strong, overpowering aromas of raspberry hits the nose and palate, but mellows out quickly with a burst at the end.
Wynkoop Brewing Company Rail Yard Ale
I write the date on the back of the card, slowly return it to it's envelope and carefully place it in the large box with all of the others.
I love learning about all the different lives people lead. I love watching people establish connections to each other, see friendships built, watch some become more than friends.
Dwight Eisenhower - Junction City Soldiers
Here's the set-up:
and err, all the other stuff I have to do every day
Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Draw three 8 inch circles onto the parchment in pencil. One 8 inch circle on one sheet and two on the other. Make sure to turn the parchment over so the circles are visible but so you won’t get pencil transfered onto your meringue. Preheat the oven to 250. Combine the egg whites and cream of tartar in a mixer and mix on med until soft peak form. Add in the remaining 120 g of sugar and continue beating until stiff, glossy peaks form. Gently fold in the nut mixture. Divide the mixture onto the three circles. (you can pipe the circles if you want). Bake for 1 hour 20 mins until crisp and golden. Let cool on the baking sheets for 10 minutes, remove from parchment and then let cool on racks.
I made us all pancakes topped with cut up strawberries and real maple syrup. Plus some dark chocolate milk. We were sadly out of eggs so the milk was for protein (and deliciousness).
As a result of their ability to manage their cycles of fertility and child-bearing through the use of artificial hormones women have been able to become the equals of men in the labour-market. They have no need to take extended periods away from work to raise their children and no longer ‘suffer’ the tiredness, irritability and pain that a menstrual cycle frequently involves. The medical model of health has enabled them to become the equals of men, but it has detached them from their own bodies and from their place in the natural world.
“Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things…..and the God of peace shall be with you.” (Phil 4: 8-9 KJV)
The EPO has a highly developed practice and case law in biotech. It is a sophisticated patent office that is capable of properly assessing the patentability of biotech inventions, having Examiners who can understand complex biotech inventions and who take a consistent approach to patentability. Whilst there have been suggestions that the EPO grants too many biotech patents with broad claims, in our experience we find that EPO Examiners normally do find a fair balance between the rights of the applicant and the rights of third parties.
I also went to this festival last year. Well, this one was one of my favorites music festival that I had last year. The other will be Playground Music & Camping Festival 2010, which I have not got any information so far. I really had a blast. It was tiring but I get to see all the stages that I want, that is good! Compared to the other festival that disappoint me last year (*cough Grand Mint Festival), I enjoyed every stage very much. Since I am not a person who really needs to be at the front line, so it should not be a problem to see my favorite acts playing from afar.
It's always interesting to see the dustjackets that publishers choose for their books.
“Thank you! How was your day today, baby?” She could tell he was still wound up from his day at work.
I am not perfect and I will never be perfect; frankly, I'm not really sure what a "perfect" parent is. I have warts, I have quirks, I have things at which I both excel and absolutely suck. But I appreciate the amazing gift of being a parent, of helping these children through their good times and bad, of being allowed the privilege of watching them grow each day. And even on the worst days, I cannot wait to get up and do it all over again tomorrow.
Unite claims that the US carmaker, which on Friday reported its biggest profit since 1999 , provided misleading advice to its workers who transferred to Visteon UK in 2000 after Ford split from its former in-house supplier.
Mike FULLER Is The PRODUCER And Main Actor Of FRED KELLY! The SitCom In A HannaH MontanA Way, Offered 2 MTV In The FRED VIDAL LIVE! Package!
Well, look, I haven’t seen Claire Danes in a lot of stuff – just Romeo + Juliet and Terminator 3 (and I had to check her filmography for both of them) – but I don’t remember her being too bad in either film. Here, though, she gives a strangely over-animated performance that’s deeply distracting. There’s a moment where she has to deliver a lengthy monologue declaring her undying love to a small furry animal, and it’s one of the oddest pieces of screen acting I can recall – eyes rolling, eyebrows waggling, emphasising the dialogue a bit too much. It’s a bit like watching Al Pacino at his least restrained, or the Haitian puppet theatre.
There was, of course, the mill in Atterwell Lane, massive and ugly, that raised its walls of smoke-blackened sandstone high above the squalor of Bradborough’s streets. Of its management the main share fell to Dyson and young Charlie Copplestone, Dyson keeping to the grooves, Copplestone supplying the motive force. Only when the grooves showed signs of wear was Mr. Digby called in to lay down new lines for the running of the business.
Add the salt to 2.5 cups distilled or bottled water. Stir to dissolve. Rinse and drain the seed pods, then add them to the brine. Allow to stand 24 hours at room temperature.
Now-a-days, teapots come in so many sizes and shapes, it was easy to find one for some inspiration. Here is mine:
User Score: 8.9
I’m a husband, or at least I used to be. We were together for six years and had three beautiful children together and then I threw it all away over a silly idea. I ruined everything in just a few hours and now, more than a year later, she still won’t see me or talk to me.
The book has been described by Andrew Harvey as ‘A wonderfully clear and inspiring book…Its importance for our times cannot be exaggerated’; while Dan Millman has written that ‘Each page highlights the resilience of our human spirit.’
On the return leg of our walk, we stopped at one of the small tunnels under the railroad tracks, through which rushed a brisk, cold stream. It makes it way through the tunnel and spills out into a little pool before running into the river. There were stones and moss. Her whim dictated that we spend some time lobbing small rocks into the water, listening to the splashes and plunks. She seemed particularly amused by the wet plop of stones into the thick beds of underwater moss or algae.
But that doesn’t negate the fact that I like swooping in and saving people, at least in my fantasies.
whoops .... who didnt get into the picture quick enough after she set the self timer on the camera.....
“Hum-di-dum,” mused George. “What do you think, GB?”
Further, many people hand load their own ammunition, to be more powerful (or more precise) than factory offerings (which is quite easy to do. Factory ammunition is generally quite conservatively loaded, to avoid product liability; as it may be unsafe to load ammunition "hot" - meaning to a higher power level - in older, or less well made guns).
Hope you have all have been having a great weekend! It's been super sunny and warm over here!
The sad thing is that Nintendo fans will be satisfied with only Nintendo titles. They will still defend the Wii U and claim that the outdated 1080p format in Zelda and Mario is much more enjoyable with the tablet controller than anything the PS4 and 720 will offer. They will say that Nintendo’s first-party line-up is so strong that they don’t care about Halo 5 and Gears of War 4. It won’t be necessary. How these people reason is beyond me, I remember when I was arguing with Wii fans and they claimed that HD was “useless” and that graphics were all about “design” and not textures and polygons. They claimed that motion controlling was the future and much more enjoyable than the dull controller. What will they say now when they are holding a tablet as a controller? Will suddenly a controller become the best thing now? Will HD suddenly become “hip” and “good” when PS3/360 users have been enjoying it as a standard for the past six years? I don’t know, all I know is that they’ll contradict their former selves from 2006.
Luckily, I’d thrown a jacket on before going into the garden so I took that off, lifted Lise up, held her into my body and wrapped the jacket around her. The poor little mite was absolutely freezing! How she didn’t get ill after that walk is a mystery to me!
I often hear people say, "No one would want to hear about my boring life", but is that true? Is any life so boring that it could not be possibly written in such a way to make it interesting? The way I see it, it's not so much the content of the life but how well it is written.
Dogs need to be in control, and teams should have a healthy working relationship. Training collars and treats are permitted. No equipment needed on our first day.
(I read it in translation, which, for the most part, seemed good. But there's one extended section involving a Nordic woman named Odile in which, to show that she did not speak French well, the translator has her speaking in a rather annoying pidgin (the author?translator?'s word). "Many them at café want teach me. Me no want." Now, I have no idea whether that's a decent translation of how a Scandinavian who didn't speak much French would torture the syntax, but it was irksome.)
"But when we made adjustments our worst suspicions were confirmed. The screams weren’t those of a single human, they were the screams of millions of humans!
2. Next, upgrade to Lion
01. I'll Never Be the Same (Kahn, Signorelli, Malneck) 7:19
You see the reflection of Wiener’s Hardware in the window? In my novel I moved it to Crookshank Lane (the original name of Bathurst St) and called it Berliner’s. Now scroll down
Milo Thimbleberry is a rabbit turned into a zombie because he failed to live up to his potential in life. He wants to move on to the Misty Meadow where good rabbits go when they die, but he’ll have to perform a dangerous task to do so. If he fails to complete the task by the next full moon, or if he dissentigrates completely before he completes it, he’ll have to go to The Hot Place, where he’ll be hunted by predators for eternity.
The academy is headed by former Linwood College principal Rob Burrough.
Universities in England will have to compete against each other and private providers for a quarter of their student places. Universities Minister David Willetts has published plans to increase market forces in higher education in England.Promising to put “students in the driving seat”, he also announced there would be 20,000 places reserved for degrees with fees of less than £7,500.
This is a wire crochet necklace with pink glass chips and a mix of white pearl like beads and silver accent beads. I have used two accent rings to attach the ribbon with a knot, then added a clasp later (not shown). I first made a wire beaded crochet length that was fairly narrow. Once I had it the length I wanted and the width I wanted, I threaded another piece of wire with beads in the pearl and silver. I went down the strip about 1.5" and would "squish" the piece together between my fingers so that it narrowed, then I wrapped the new length of beaded wire around that section 4-5 times,making sure the beads were on the section wrapped. I continued to do this down the entire piece so I had a length of beaded wire that wrapped at intervals the entire length of the original piece. This necklace is not done yet, I still want to add something to the "chain" (i.e. ribbon) and some charms to the silver rings that the ribbon is attached to. I am also debating on embellishing the actual center of the necklace.
Count-to-10 chart
JULIET by Anne Fortier
Pours a clear, coppery amber with a very nice light tan head that gets pillowy before thinning. You can smell the hops from a couple of feet away. That may signal a loss of taste if it throws off everything it has, but we'll see. Good, grassy hops smell, but not really enough malt for an IPA.
The Eurozone is an a perpetual immediate crisis – the can has been kicked down the road, but not far. The United States, on the other hand, is in much better shape over the next decade but not by much. The American problems loom in the decades that follow 2021 – the good news is that there is still plenty of time to sort these out; the bad news is that almost no one is seriously talking about the real issues.
EW: You define your company as a “hybrid:” you’re an agent, but you also handle marketing and publicity for authors you don’t represent. What is your background, objective, and why should someone work with you?
Lonergan and Lenczewski's transition shots are almost uniformly masterful. This is where much of the film's real alchemy lies, I suspect. A shot of high school boys ogling a female gym teacher cuts to a scene between Lisa and her own teacher-crush, Mr. Aaron (Matt Damon). A late-night mother-daughter conversation is preceded by an exterior view of the family apartment, where it's possible to see through a nearby frosted window that the Cohens' neighbors are up and active at the witching hour too. Typing out descriptions seems to rob these transitions of their power; they seem more banal or heavy-handed than they appear when occurring on screen. But I think they're one of Lonergan's key techniques in constructing a world and our sense of Lisa's place in it. Movies usually show us how an individual might react to love, lust, fear, pain, death, etc. Margaret shows us that, and also gives us glimpses of evidence that everyone in the world is reacting to the same forces all the time. I can't take seriously the critiques of the film which consider unnecessary the Manhattan cityscapes Lonergan and his editors frequently use as transitions between scenes with dialogue.
Wedding Stuff
While I myself am not a person of untrammelled malevolence, I’d like to be the kind of guy who can use the expression ‘untrammelled malevolence’ in conversation without coming across as Zero Mostel at a debutante ball.
The hooker swears at him and walks away.
This is just a little rant about the changes that seem to have taken place today…
Other U.S. restaurants to place in the top 50 include: Le Bernardin in New York (No. 19), Daniel Boulud’s Daniel in New York (No. 25), David Chang’s Momofuku Ssam Bar in New York (No. 37), Keller’s The French Laundry in Yountville, Calif. (No. 43), and David Kinch’s Manresa in Los Gatos, Calif. (No. 48).
6. I have naturally curly hair, but it wasn't till in Jan 2011 that I really started to accept it. I had been blow drying it straight for a couple years. I blow dryed it straight for the first time a few months back to see how it'd look. It looked horrible. I'll stick with my curls, thank you very much.
Oh well. Can’t win ‘em all.
It has a thinnish body, the malt and caramel dominate, again smokiness comes in, fruity and some butter too.
A songwriter's agony is rejection, and being ignored, and having some favorite songs never go anywhere except around and around on a worn-out acetate passed from cynical manager to dumbass agent to tin-eared record exec and back. To quote a line from a Gilbert O'Sullivan song posted on the blog: "I like it…but it doesn't knock me out. I think it's great! But it could be better…" Sadly, while the Lee Hazlewoods and Randy Newmans of the world could manage to get a record deal and at least get their quirkier, less commercial, or simply neglected songs out there in their own versions, Johnny Cymbal was tarred with the feathery "one shot wonder" tag, and rarely had such an opportunity. Long after his death, songs he "left behind" have finally been released on a pair of CDs, and there are some neglected gems. Here are two dark beauties:
If you want to truly prepare yourself for the future, I would suggest getting very familiar with this incredible technology.
Since this was the first time breaking out these patterns, I decided to start with something simple, the Quiara knit shirt.
Dedicated Controls
She is very excited about our upcoming trip to the ocean in a few weeks and continues to tell me we need to start packing.
The ansible in the Buoy is up and running. Turns out that this puppy has some big-ass bandwidth AND has just received serious upgrades from super-future Earth. We’re talking petabytes per second if we need ‘em.
To the quarreling Atheists and Christians in Loudoun County, I’d like to say: One of you should lighten up on your regulations, but the other should get in the chair, just the same.
Rahr & Sons Brewing Company Ass Kisser Double IPA
Oh, my dear, it’s rather hard to take quite literally the things a man says when he’s in love with you.’
* Safe.
Be happy and well,
I am sure anyone living in Britain has seen the series of adverts encouraging people to become teachers, including the one with the white girl holding hands with a black boy, with the commentary which says something to the effect that children are free thinking beings who don't think the way they are supposed to think. What a joke, what a lie! by snogging a black man the poor deluded little twit is doing exactly what her teachers, the TV and the magazines she reads have been telling her what to do and what to think.
BM: I think he said maybe an hour and a half longer than it was.
Winter in Australia can be different.
That's why we asked him and Liz to help us move.
Republicans add that if people who do not smoke or enjoy farting in other people’s faces while simultaneously sticking them with slow-acting poisonous needles do not like such behaviors, they should simply stay home and stop ruining the fun for real Americans. They also insist that if people were really opposed to these things, the free market would have created a solution outside of a government mandated, communist, socialist, fascist ban on good old-fashioned liberty-embracing, American happy fun totally awesome traditions.
I will attempt to describe how I built it for anyone interested. I was too focused on getting
I have to laugh at how upset I had been just a few days earlier and I thought of a story in the bible. It was King David in one of his battles. I thought of one account in particular, where he was surrounded by his enemies. At fear of death, he literally began to drool and act like a crazy man. Here he was, the King of Israel, acting like he was out of his mind! They took one look at him and said, “Let him go. He’s clearly mad.” Now only chapter’s earlier, this same man had taken out Goliath with one stone! What had happened?
Where is the stripe on my belt?
On Thursday, April 8, 2010 a double-whammy of weird knocked me out of current life and into existence as it once was and perhaps ever shall be. I was driving on an unremarkable stretch of Route 46 in Dover, NJ in search of the newly opened outpost of a German-owned grocery chain named ALDI. This store had must-visit status for me since a contract German document review job a few years back, when I had heard other lawyer temps rhapsodizing about the beloved products they’d found in an ALDI. While keeping a lookout for the storefront I spotted a beat-up car in the next lane with two poster boards taped across inside back window. A small — very small — triangle had been torn from the bottom and provide the only rear view for the driver. The poster boards were covered with messages written in all capitals in Magic Marker. The board on the right thanked Gov. Christie for saving the United States. As my brain rattled in my skull processing that concept, my eyes dropped to a poster board rectangle affixed to the right side of the rear bumper: OBAMA, MD. This ping-ponged me to the poster board on the left, which ranted about health care. At the top: OBAMA IS A STURGEON.
I wasn’t sure if many people would stay for the evening, but all nearly everybody could and four other people joined us. We had considered going away for a weekend but I think that would have discouraged some people from coming (especially some of the new people). We also considered having it at the Family Action Centre but I don’t think it would have been as relaxed and I doubt we would have felt like hanging around as much.
Perhaps it's a family resemblance,
1/2 c. sugar
None of us had instructions on how to fall in love, and getting engaged certainly doesn’t include instructions on how to plan a wedding! That’s why I remind myself often: There are no rules. We make the road to our wedding day, just as we will create the road long after it. No one else’s will be the same as ours. And we have to embrace every choice.
Yet simple as it may be, I did rearrange the deer tray and...
Pendant above sink: Pottery Barn
Don't those values come into conflict with self-serving op-ed pieces aimed at the Real Estate Board of New York?
The Maya were like the Sumerians, the ancient Egyptians, and Judaic, Norse and Hindu traditions in their view of time. Their calendars were less a method of calculating days, moons and years, more a way of watching the movement of Creation. It was the Gregorian calendar of Roman Catholicism’s Pope Gregory XIII which in 1582 set us calculating by the sun, and which ultimately fixed our view of the Cosmos as a giant timepiece.
All this rambling is to say that I have let the house run away without me. I have no control over the contents. The S.T.U.F.F. (from Flylady: Stuff That Undermines Family Fun) has taken over, multiplied like so many bunnies, and I am feeling crushed.
We really didn't talk about it much until we realized - when we were about 12 - that we were both in love with our 14-year-old cousin Johnny.
projects should have TLC (tender loving craft time) and that TLC should
“The bus tickets are on special offer at the moment…buy none..get one free.”
And it's time for possibly the last wedding post next week which will include details about our amazing DJ, our lovely and talented MC's and the gorgeous musicians.
Eckstein ink making a stain
On an local antiquing trip last year, Bobby and I purchased this wonderful little drop leaf table. At the time we did not quite know where it would go. But eventually, it found it's home... in the Gable Room.
There are $650 million worth of public infrastructure that has to be built before the first shovel goes into the ground to build a single affordable housing apartment or the arena or any other part of this project. There’s another $350 million of cost, of money that we would have spent on acquiring land to avoid condemnation. A billion dollars before you start. I think that’s a very significant investment. That does deserve to make a profit. It is, after all, America.
While such a pardon would require that the Governor seek a recommendation from the Board of Pardons and Parole, said the AG, the Perry has full power to issue pardons in all cases except impeachment or treason, with no other limitations.
--Go over to Emily's site and sign up for her e-newsletter here. You'll get a sneak peek at her amazing upcoming book WHERE WE BELONG if you sign up, and it's AWESOME! I'm already in love with her hottie guy character, Peter. And you'll also get exciting movie news in the e-newsletter too.
There are key documents that are required for the audit. If a newspaper wants to qualify a branded edition as requested verified circulation, the requests must be documented. If not, this distribution may qualify as targeted verified circulation.
In the course of summer expeditions to Berlin, London and Zurich, selected artists from the areas of music, performance and other cultural fields experience and revive urban spaces. The dernier cri is the focus of these expeditions – it allows for an independent exploration of themes and modes of expression in the perception of the three cities. The work resulting from this exploration will in part be shown in public.
High school. Good times…not. I actually miss high school, but that’s besides the point. Freshmen year was fun until it became a flop in the friendship department. But besides that, I can say with a lot of assurance that I’m not who I was in ninth grade. Tenth grade was good and bad all the same. I’m not who I was then. Eleventh grade…now that’s where this girl who got baptized starting coming to church. I can’t say that I was very happy about adding these obnoxious eighth grade into the mix because maybe, yes, I did find them obnoxious and annoying. Besides, I actually didn’t go to youth group that often during that year. I was having some issues. Glad to say I’m not who I was that year either…I’m actually doing something. Then senior year rolled around and I got to know this girl with some other girls and somewhere down the line maybe even before my senior year, we became friends.
Fareda: (sarcastic tone) Forgive us, father.
The next experiment involved the inability to sing lines from two songs back-to-back. Apparently, you will always sing the tune of the first for the line from the second song. This bit was especially noteworthy because it was probably the first time I’ve ever heard Kouchi-kun sing:
and give us wisdom to live in harmony
This tasty product of Lake Nicaragua is called Sopa de Pescado(Fish Soup). It’s wonderful how the whole fish appears to be swimming. I’m not sure what produces the yellow/orange color. The dish was delicious even with the work involved (picking bone after bone out). I’ll be honest; this is not a dish that is available to the typical Nicaraguan. I got it in a tourist area on Ometepe, at a restaurant/hotel owned by a Nicaraguan family and cooked by the older woman of the house. It cost about $6. Most locals on Ometepe don’t earn that much in a day. Pondering upon the economic contrast between tourists and locals here on Ometepe reinforces the fact that life can be so unfair. Here is another fresh water fish from Lake Nicaragua. I was informed by the little girl who served it to me that it’s called “Pescado con Salsa” While eating this $4 plate on a picnic table outside of a home that sits right on the lake, the jovial man who pulled up on his motorbike with a beer in hand, explained to me that this Tilapia was caught in his back yard the day before. The dish was prepared by his wife. It was delicious.
Wishing you a blessed day!
Stupid is as stupid does. She is from “Nutley”, New Jersey. The town fits this chick!
Nikon rangefinder S3 2000 (“Y2K”) Limited Edition Black Paint model
Finally, there are our two young lovers caught in this dreadful mess. Rollin’s movies tend to revolve more on emotion than dialogue; and in particular he focused a lot on the emotion of loneliness. In Shiver, the horror, sadness and loneliness of the story comes mainly from how the vampires come between the young couple and destroy their relationship. Julien and Durand do a perfect job of portraying the strain and awkwardness that is increasingly interfering with Isle’s and Antoine’s new marriage. It is hard not to feel for Antoine as dark influences take his love away from him and he is unable to do anything about it.
It is because I want to consciously give thanks for God's goodness in my life that I am going to begin something new on this blog. Every now and then, I will write about ten special blessings from above. I am unable to express how eager I am to begin! My greatest prayer for this undertaking is that a change of spirit will be produced in me -- that it will help me to focus less and less on myself, and be always seeking God's pleasure and others' happiness.
Ivan Dorschner as Gab
Lake of Fire by The Meat Puppets
When B was first born you think she was the first baby Matt or I had ever seen based on the amount of pictures we took.
PLEASE RSVP: 561-315-3805, palmswestrc@gmail.com
but you should really get massages regularly!
My late husband’s birthday is this month, too, and he is naturally on my mind as May 21 approaches. Plus yesterday I picked up his wedding ring that I had taken to a jeweler to be re-sized for my middle finger, and I’ve found myself staring at that ring a lot today. So many memories and feelings tied up in this small circle of white gold…the jeweler was able to maintain the inscription on the inside of the ring, and for that I am grateful, even though nobody will see it and nobody but me will even know it there. But I will know.
Challenge 25: to post December 2
YT: (picture of ‘phonejacker’) ring-ring, ring-ring
Having grandkids in America whilst we’re here in England is at times heartbreaking and has evoked more than a few tears – I miss you Charlise, Anna and Noah! But we have been blessed to have ‘Skyped’ and ‘Facetimed’ and talked each week (sometimes multiple times in one week). And I think of the generations that have gone before me that left home and family to build a new life or fight in foreign wars with little more than the hope of a letter from home. A letter that could take months to reach a loved one and months more to receive a reply. How they must have cherished those missives.
Her appearance with David Tennant’s Doctor in School Reunion in 2006 showed how the character was still strong. Russell T. Davies then went on to give Sarah Jane her own series, with teenage assistants from 2007-2011. The series proved that you don’t need to be a madman with a blue box to have crazy adventures every week and loyal companions.
This is such an awesome quote as I truly believe that you must dream bigger than your fears. When you are passionate and set your heart towards an end result, any fears are what my father-in-law would call, “mice nuts” meaning it is small and not relevant to your situation.
Readers: This “service” piece on NBC Over-Reaction News — sorry, NBC Action News — tells us that because there is a GPS locator embedded in the pix we take on our cell phones, “the bad guys” can NOW SEE where our children live, where they “recreate” (such a police verb — it means play), and where they “go to school.” It can even “locate their bedrooms!”
We can bitch about the Harper government's decision to defer the old age pension until 67 years of age, but the reality is that many of my peers will never have the financial resources to retire in the first place, no matter what the CPC rate is.
‘You pay a price for intelligence. Becoming smarter means improving connections between different brain areas but this runs into tight limits on energy, along with space for the wiring.’
7 – Take things personallyIf people criticize your work, they are, in essence, attacking you. Criticism of a project you’ve worked on is a direct assault on your intelligence, personality, and character. As a matter of self-respect, it’s important that you don’t let them get away with that. If you don’t stand up for yourself, you might come across as a pushover.
Question we, as a society – need to ask: Can a woman falsely accuse and willingly create havoc in the lives of her husband and her in-laws? If the answer is yes, then where is the recourse for men from such situations? One cannot – as Ms. Ramanan – suggests in her rebuttal to Mens Rights Activists, ignore such problems of men, as miniscule. That would be unconstitutional. If we as a society agree, that in a marriage, a woman can commit domestic violence upon men, then we need the law to address such scenarios. But the PWDVA excludes men from getting any remedy. Feminists and even the Hon’ble Supreme Court in its wisdom agreed to the feminist – erroneously albeit – theory that the Constitution allows under article 15(3) for creation of “special provisions” for women. But ‘special provisions’must not mean that men are left ‘remedy-less’ of crimes and scenarios wherein they can be victims too. Such a construct would be wrong as pointed out by the Hon’ble Supreme Court in Marwah vs Marwah.
KIND OF LIKE THE MAN IN MY STORY PIC OF THE DAY.....
“A large group of up to eight offenders ran after the victims and anyone seeing it would have been under no illusions of what they were witnessing,” he said.
Lead poisoning occurs when a person swallows, absorbs, or inhales lead in any form. The result can be damaging to the brain, nerves, and many other parts of the body. Acute lead poisoning, which is somewhat rare, occurs when a relatively large amount of lead is taken into the body over a short period of time.
concluded that expediency seems to dominate equity. Instead of taking into account a defendant's economic circumstances, as required by the state "Harris County rarely deviates from its predetermined bail schedules." Jailing people who have not yet been convicted of even a petty crime is unjust - and costly to taxpayers, the report said. "The rigidity of these rules contributes to high pre-trial detention rates in Harris County and exacerbates the County's budget woes."
RICHARD AND JUDY (C4))
“I cooked some beef today because it was on sale and I hadn’t had any in a while. I was going to cook a nice chicken curry with rice but then realized that it was going to be just me and I needed to eat that beef because it was starting to stink. It needed some salt, so I salted it. I’d say it was pretty okay because I didn’t get all that sick.””
What a great idea this was. I’m already getting excited at the mere idea of it.
The Guardian: “John Allen, the US commander of Nato forces in Afghanistan, is reportedly furious with the country’s interior minister, Bismillah Khan Muhammadi. No wonder if he is.
After discussing that, I brought up a topic that has been bothering me for a long time now. It’s some weird ‘ailment’ that I’ve had since I was probably a child, but I’ve learned to ignore it more or less. On 3-11, I went to a film screening relating to the Great East quake in Japan. It was a documentary not only showing footage during the tsunami, but also showed how Japan and the Japanese have dealt with the loss and destruction that was wrought. It was painfully sad to watch, yet inspiring in other ways. I knew before going that I might have an issue with it. That I might have an emotional breakdown in the middle of the theatre. However, I went anyways. I went for a friend, and I was kinda interested in seeing what the movie was about.
But you are such an awesome little addition to our family!
Shazza raced in on Friday waving a Christmas card - and it's really cute, you can see it here. We then started a game of 'commenting ping-pong' with Sarn (her sis) joining in and eventually Mrs A, who must have been watching on the sidelines in disbelief, hopped in with this comment: 'The above comments read like an act in a play!! Can I join in? I've got cupcakes over at the swings. Might be a few nibbled ones left if you hurry. Hugs Mrs A.' Never a dull moment in the playground!
But I did spy some awesome things while browsing around in blogland ....
XTC Making plans for Nigel UK
Appearance: Light, golden, bubbly, like San Francisco on a Saturday Night. So, kinda gay (I mean that in a happy way).
This race was really hard on the knees. I am pretty sure I did an extra few kms of lateral movement dodging people, jumping gutters, avoiding trees and parked cars. The drinks stations were a sea of plastic cups and they did take a toll. I saw a lot of runners go down and some of those receiving medical attention. But those things aside it was pretty fun. There were regular musical attractions on the sidelines.. DJs, dancers, radio stations, folk bands, jazz bands, big bands small bands….and massive crowds of spectators!
Walnut has passed a few measly pellets in the night. NOT what a healthy male rabbit of a year should do. Looks like I have to keep working on him today, fun fun. The mass in his tummy is smaller but still present.
U.S. District Judge Michael Hogan set a Nov. 23 sentencing date for the Iranian born, 16-year U.S. citizen. But he ordered Seda taken into immediate custody after prosecutor Charles Gorder, Jr. argued that he might flee the country, as he did in 2003 after learning he was under investigation.
Did some paper piecing for the little flame, Distress Ink for the fireplace, Copic markers and Glossy Accents for the adorable little lights, and Snow-Tex to make the snow on the mantle :) The paper is from October Afternoon's 5 & Dime collection.
Dear parents of adult users,
Submissions will be accepted as email attachments to: submit@goldenbaobab.org
So for example, lets say that deodorant is $2 retail price, I have a $1/2 coupon ($1 off two items) and it's on sale for $1. So I'd have to buy 2 deodorants for $1 each equalling $2 plus my $1/2 coupon, I'd be paying only $1 for 2 deodorants! Makes you feel like you've saved a little but if you have the retail price you'll see that you really save $3!!
The youngest in a family of 10 children, Casey Duane Tibbs was born and raised in a log cabin along the south banks of the Cheyenne River, 50 miles from Fort Pierre, South Dakota.
This semester has been nothing short of rip-my-hair-out stressful, yet I have still managed to bake, sleep (some), buy a house, and not rip out all my hair.
addendum: You know what really pisses me off? I mean, irks me. It’s seeing all those fuckin’ McDonalds bags everywhere at every hospital. Why do most hospitals (I don’t know how it is overseas) seem to have a McDonalds in the cafeteria?Really? Really, you’re going to capitalize on people’s health? It’s a fuckin’ hospital! Let the drug and insurance companies do that since they’re experts at it! This HOSPITAL should be promoting HEALTH, not food that really WILL dilate your aorta!
Pennywell Folsom was born in 1810 in Hawkinsville, GA. He was a son of Edith Pennywell and George Folsom. His father served during the War of 1812 in the Georgia Militia under Captain Allen Tooke builing forts on the frontier of Pulaski County to defend against Indian attacks.
Wei’s second-in-command saluted and sloshed off to provide instructions to his platoon leaders.
This Part 9 of "Nation of BS" will be in this series because I havent posted to this series in awhile, and this event is fitting for this series, even though it could have went into other series related ... but because it is MORE bullshit than anything else, it will be here also. Coincidentally I was just writing about how much of nothing is being done about any regulation's, whether it's financial, oil drilling, going green, or a goddamn other thing ... except of course the American people getting more regulated and programmed by the day, along with all this other intoxicating bullshit and pandering. And keeping on doing business as usual with these folk's and not letting them feel the repercussion's of their action's, or not pulling themselves up by the bootstrap's wont make them learn a damn thing ... when you fuck up over and over ... you NEED TO FAIL and FALL at some time. Dr. Anton LaVey (a philosophical mentor of mine as a young man) once said something like (cant recall which book or exact wording, but I have all his book's) ... if you keep putting out food for a dog on your porch or whatever, that dog will keep coming back ... the point is, you cant learn without the experience and be independent, this constant feeding make's them weaker, not stronger.
As you might have gleaned over reading the past five posts, it was an incredible trip and one that I am glad my children will remember even when they are my age.
We have a built-in-hutch in our dining room.
2 technique
S:all the things emmy said and pretty mittens.
This recipe has very similar ingredients to my usual chocolate fudge frosting, but the method is just a little different. In my usual recipe, you beat together the powdered sugar, vanilla, and milk, then add melted unsweetened chocolate and butter. At that point, the frosting is very dark and thin, and you need to beat it over a bowl of ice water to lighten and thicken the frosting. It can be temperamental: if the bowl gets too cold, the frosting becomes unspreadable, and then you have to adjust it with a little more milk.
My retail dreams of America are no longer wholly realizable since the airlines started charging for overweight baggage, rather than just threatening to. Last April when I came back they told me I had to pay $200 for overweight, or $50 for a second bag. Needless to say, I whipped out a second bag and transferred the 50 books I’d bought from my suitcase into it, mentally adding $1 to the price of each book (which was still kind of a bargain).
Have you already found your Mr. Big? Although affairs should never be condoned, a girl can't help but feel weak in the knees at the mention of Louis Vuitton, Marc Jacobs, and Christian Louboutin. One look at their latest collections is guaranteed to make your heart skip a beat. Bring out your inner Manhattan princess and stack this timeless bracelet next to your other gems.
I have some fab news I can finally share with you all - I am a brand new design team member for Wild Rose Studio!!! Isn't that amazing?!? I love their stuff so much and am now going to be able to work with their stuff more often as I often didn't get chance. I have known for a while but things have been a little up the air with Dulcie going on maternity leave recently after having a gorgeous baby boy. I shall be gettting my mitts on some of the new stuff shortly so I will have lots of stuff to share with you.
(5)Cover dough with a piece of damp towel until double in bulk for about 45 minutes and bake at 360F .
It's probably the most bizarre whisky I've ever drunk. Even at 45% (not that strong) and with more than a couple of drops of water, it still delivers a huge boozy hit, which does the amazing trick of making you feel it twice - once after the swallow, and again about 3/4 seconds later after you've thought 'is that it?'. Intensely peaty with some slight rock salt and smoke, but it has a weird sweet apple quality about it making it completely different to anything I've tried. Quite a big hit of orange tanginess too amongst some sherbet buzzing, a truly invigorating dram, even if your mouth is left a little dry and ashy afterwards.
Yesterday, as I was driving to work, I was in prayer before the Lord. I was surrendering my day to Him and asking Him to use me in anyway He saw fit. As I sat at the stop light, I was struck by how absolutely inadequate and fallible I am, even in the midst of obedience and faithfulness. In my human skin, this is as good as I am going to get. I am doing all of the things we are directed to do as Christians: I am praying, reading my Bible, going to church, surrendering my will to his direction, and humbly worshiping before the Lord, yet I am still so full of sin.
Analyzing- comparing and contrasting, real bases, like homer
My God. What have we done?!? We're murderers! Assassins! Literary Terrorists!
There we go, I feel like I've gotten through the hardest part, for me, anyway - talking on the freaking phone in French! I've always hated the telephone (except for talking with friends, obviously!) and I really have to force myself, or else I put it off for weeks. I feel like we're making good progress! While I'm waiting for the end of March, I hope to get access to the bookbinding materials at work very soon so I can start working on new projects in the meantime!
We have a new survey. Please vote now.
The wind is blowing harder now,
Though the government will continue to bring in more immigrants to sustain the local population and economy, Singaporeans need not be too worried as they will always come first before the foreigners, said Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
Mwezi Twala concludes his description of the ANC torture camps by comparing the treatment he received from the ANC to the Apartheid government’s treatment of ANC rebels:
Well my new salon is going well, still looking for people to booth rent from me.. I know they are coming soon I just feel it... Chad is subbing for several schools around our area, getting his foot in the door with the principals... Maybe something will come out of it job wise for him for next year..
Always felt
Where we see pain, we must act. The lives we may save are as valuable as our own.
Universal AER side pull brakes and levers.
I used 3 frames like this one.
“Is he at school?”
I always take try to take time going over all the editor’s points. I try to let some time pass before answering revision requests. I also follow the same rule I did with raising my children: Pick my battles. If an editor wants something tweaked that I don’t feel is needed but won’t change the work, why not give in on that point and save the debates for things I don’t think are good ideas. First, I consider the reasons the editors feels the changes are needed. If I see her point, I may come up with my own solution to fix the issue rather than the one she might have suggested. I’ve never had an editor disregard my suggestions. With over thirteen books out, I have never felt an editor was unreasonable in their requests for revisions. But I also have never changed something in a manuscript that I really didn’t want to change. You can’t be afraid to stand up for your work, but neither can you refuse to listen to their ideas. One solution is s to figure out a way to fix the problem the editor has with the scene/plot point with a way in which you feel comfortable. But I will say this — more times than not, I
She's Hot
What did Jesus say about this notion that if you prosper it means God is blessing you for your holiness?
-Michel de Montaigne
Trail of the Spellmans by Lisa Lutz – Document #5 in Izzy Spellman’s recounting of her family’s daily life delivers the same quirky characters but deepens the story to reveal the bonds between family members and adopted family members. While the book is entertaining overall, a hilarious sequence of events surrounding the inclusion of Grandma Spellman in the household is a standout, as are all the sections featuring the youngest Spellman, Sydney, who will only say the word “banana”. Recommended by Laura K.
Busy Signal - Food For Di Pot
1. Don't be afraid to try something new just because you think you aren't good enough. Go for it. Even if it doesn't come out the way you wanted or expect; chances are it will be even better, just different.
The tiger’s body-mind acts to preserve itself and the deer’s body-mind acts to preserve itself.
Take a look at Carolyn Belefski’s character “Toast of the Town” from her comic strip CURLS right next to Vickie Guerrero live on WWE:RAW, and welcome to another smashing edition of The Carolyn and Joe Show! This episode was recorded as soon as Joe and Carolyn returned from watching WWE:RAW live in DC. Listen as they talk about all the sights and sounds of the live show and how exactly they got into the position that they were in. PLUS MORE. Enjoy!
I said a very quiet "G'night"..........
Now, we just found a place that seems kind of amazing. Washer/dryer IN the unit, allows dogs up to 60 lbs, parking spot with storage plus decent street parking, hardwood/tile floors throughout. There's going to be a unit available that's getting completely remodeled. New countertops, appliances, bathroom, all new. The FH is just hesitant because we would really lose the walkability we currently have.
Mistletoe Over Manhattan ... Hallmark Channel ... 6 AM
Our lovely teamie, Domi, has made this gorgeous sketch for us all to use this week. You can rotate or flip it, as long as we can see the basic sketch is there thats OK :-)
But what I have loved seeing is the way fans at the games have been reacting to the home, and away, teams during the playoffs. Whether it is the Clippers/Grizzles (which my oh my what a comeback by LAC late in the game last night to pull off the 1-point victory to leave the Memphis crowd stunned and silent. Give credit to Chris Paul really taking the ball to the hoop in the 4th) or the Pacers/Magic being played in Indianapolis. The Pacers have had a lackluster showing in the playoffs since 2005 but the fan base and the city are getting back into this organization, and getting into Bankers Life to show their support.
today, kristina hosted us for pizza and watermelon.
I Could sleep for a week,
Accessories: ruffled ribbon, designer brad
The main storyline in CASINO involves Bond playing in a high stakes poker game that bad guy Le Chiffre (Mads Mikkelsen) puts on to recover the money he lost when Bond stopped his agent from blowing up a jet in Miami. Le Chiffre short sells stocks and then hires people to do bad things to profit from rebuying the stock at a much lower price. When Bond stops the bomb, the shares of the jet’s manufacturer don’t fall, and Le Chiffre ends up being out $100 million. Give or take. The poker game is his chance to make his money back.
Once the paint was dry I realized how much extra space I had now that the washer and dryer were gone. So I moved all of my power tools and paints onto the back porch and set up a neat organized work space. Of course by this time it was getting dark outside and the car port and back porch were looking better then they have ever looked.
Q: Did he travel to Pakistan in 1981, at age 20?
Nevadas, I cross’d the plateaus,
Pan Am
Get tested and live a long and healthy life.
she didn't want to either.
All I can hope for is more victories for the Knight Riders and that we emerge as the victors of the IPL this season.
Green chillies -4
What is new, is the almost blanket use of Esoteric and Rock and Roll imagery in the Rap visual language. As this has coincided with the "Platinum Plus" school and Multi-Million Dollar CEO Rappers reaching into the upper echelons of Big Business, people are asking whether there is a connection.
ANC Women's League protesters outside the Modimolle Magistrate's Court during his appearance last Friday dubbed him a monster. "No human being can do such a thing," said ANCWL Waterberg treasurer Joy Matshoge.
The director and producers wanted a very convincing fire scene for the boat chase. The concept of defeating the pursuers with leaking fuel was a bit lame, and they needed to provide a good visual impact for the movie goers to pull it off. They succeeded all to well. If it looks like the actors are really are on fire, that’s because they are. The fire got out of control, and three members of the crew ended up in the hospital.
Although the building is a mostly unaltered warehouse, it doesn’t feel industrial inside. The floor, ceiling, and thirty-foot bar running along the wall are all wood. Light drifts down from the high canopy onto a dense scatter of tables, also wood. Inspired by English pubs, the atmosphere is warm and inviting, if not exactly English.
Hass U, Lund SP, Simonsen L, Fries AS. Effects of prenatal exposure to xylene on postnatal development and behavior in rats. Neurotoxicol Teratol 1995; 17: 341-349.
I knew that my best shot was Gasper or Dr Fielding as the other drs are more like ok eat while you are pregnant don't worry about it and we will fill you up again when you have the baby but Gasper and Fielding are like ok don't get it taken out unless you have to. Long story short( little late for that I know ) I get there, have gained 9 POUNDS!! in 3 weeks, Gasper almost died too!!! He gave me 1.5 back and said come back if you want more!!
As I have shared, while we were nicely set up for implementing Dd in our new marriage, we fell off the wagon as soon as we got married. I was absolutely prepared to "let" him lead (LOL!) but in the absence of his leadership I stepped up. In case you get the idea that we had years of an awful marriage, it wasn't really that way. We had some serious struggles and yes, one year ago I was in crisis but the core of our love was still there, just lost in confusion, despair and passivity. I was lost and we were distant in so many ways. He was doing more than his fair share to make things better but not only were we not on the same page, we were reading different books!
The Bluestocking Society was founded in the early 1750s by Elizabeth Montagu (2 October 1718 – 25 August 1800.)
We came to the living room window, through which we saw Grannie Gertie sitting peacefully on the couch, just as she had been when we left her to go to the bus station.
First: Cinnamon and Chilli increase your metabolism by 50% for upwards of 4hours.
6A. Cream Ale
Nor, in the history of human thought in West or East, does there exist more than a handful of eccentrics who would reject the spiritual dimension of life.
Not that there isn't good stuff here. Gilliam's visual aesthetic is at its best when rendering images such as Parnassus' traveling show, and the wastelands that the actors live in when not performing. Lily Cole is surprisingly good as Parnassus' daughter. And Tom - Tom should act more, if he's not going to tour. You get the feeling, watching Parnassus, that Gilliam essentially let his old friend do whatever the hell he wanted, but Waits' exchanges with Plummer's Parnassus are at the heart of the film, and Waits is also the only person who looks like he's having any fun at all. Which, for a movie about the power of the imagination, is rather sad.
and you cried aloud, "please God no more"
· Follow SunGard agile development methodologies and processes
Facebook Page –
There is adventure, humour, romance, sorrow, horror and wonder in this story, which all told makes for an entertaining, captivating and magical read.
Opt 4 promoting women’s rights.
Cap less Pyramid Silhouette Sun Rising?
As the study group deals with their grief over the death of Starburns, Jeff is the only member that remains above it all, until the Dean announces that a teacher has resigned and they have to take a class during the summer. Jeff’s grief over the loss of his summer inspires his classmates and they instigate a riot against the school. Chang relishes in the opportunity to use his newfound power, then replaces the Dean with a double and buys off the school board in order to avoid the consequences of his actions. Typical Jeff and typical Chang.
Björk Bachelorette IS
8. Hope I don't sit next to a smelly fatty laptop maniac talker.
As the Bullen Family conspiracy continues to unfold, Beckett Jamieson, aka Robert Bullen, is recovering in a Sanctuary safehouse from the beating his father and uncle gave him. Dale McIntyre, a Sanctuary Agent, along with Joseph Kinnon (The Only Easy Day, #2)rescue him, kill his Uncle and arrest his father. When Beckett awakens, he’s blind and alone with Kayden Summers in a house in the middle of the woods. Dale McIntyre, his only safety line and contact, is gone, off on another assignment. Kayden Summers is both a Doctor and field agent for Sanctuary. But when everything Beckett has known has turned out to be false, can he trust someone he can’t see to keep him safe?
3. Answer the 11 questions set for you in the original post.
To Anthony Low, five Indians, great and small, £8.
Ruby Tuesday’s Avocado Turkey Burger rings in at a monstrous 968 calories and 61g fat. My burger is made with lean ground beef and only 365 calories, including bun and all the fixin’s. Just for fun I had to look up RT Restaurant’s highest calorie menu item, the Chicken and Broccoli Pasta, 1,521 calories and 92g fat, yes believe or not, 92 grams of fat. Oh my, just reading the stats made my pants feel tight!
I also think I let it overcook. I had seared it at first, but my medallions sat in the sauce for longer than expected as my dinner ended up delayed. I wonder if they would have tasted better if they were cooked less.
Beginning Wednesday, August 31, through Friday, September 16, the Student Registration Centers will be open five days a week from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. The centers will be closed on Monday, September 5, for Labor Day.
Swing Bill started his racing career on the Flat with Gerard Le Paysan in France, but failed to win in five starts between October 2004 and January
See the USA successfully adopt a compassionate system of National Health Care
FAVOLOGY:
Am going to use it for my beloved dog Sam at christmas to hold some treats as he is not allowed chocolate.
I suppose I have always been inclined to collect things, although I don’t really have an impressive collection of any kind, nor do I even consider myself to be a collectibles hobbyist. I’ve always found collecting things to be enjoyable. Even the video games that I enjoy most involve extensive collecting of items. I do not know why I find it so fascinating. I’m certainly not a hoarder of any kind, although I do have a book collection that is rather disproportionate between what I’ve read and what I own. I do also have a sizable assortment of stuffed animals accrued from over the years. I suppose I have collected some items of interest in my lifetime.
I made the cards with a digital scrapbooking software that asked me to review their product. Because the holidays are always so crazy busy, I didn't get to my Christmas cards until the 23rd! Talk about a time crunch! Anyway, so I wanted something simple, and fun, and best of all, EASY!
Detangle your hair. After rinsing out your conditioner, apply a leave-in conditioner throughout the length of the hair shaft. This will moisturise and detangle your new-grown hair. First, finger through your hair to remove the kinks and tangles. Then, gently comb through your hair, moving from the ends to the scalp, gradually detangling your entire hair shaft.
Actually, most reputable publishing companies complete books in less time than 90 days. According to your former staff, you never read the books. How many of your authors have received repeated galleys that were incorrect time after time? Plenty of them. I’ve had authors tell me that they just signed the galleys after three and four rounds because they needed to get their books out. I’m not sure which company you are referring to that has one new client per month, but that’s typical of not knowing what you are referring to in most of your attacks.
ADD dry mixture to wet gradually, stir in orange zest (if using)
Yet such intriguing tension fell apart after Ava’s eldest brother, Kiwi, left Swamplandia! and defected to a rival theme park on the mainland.
I was finding that when students were given the choice of centers, they were picking their favorite and never completing any of the rest. So when I came across these Daily 5 rotation bookmarks, I was ecstatic!
365The well-sung woes will soothe my pensive ghost;
I promise next Tuesday I'll come up with something better.
Firstly I should tell you this is not a rabbit recipe. My Auntie Brenda who lives in France eats her rabbits – mine just eat the garden. Meet Pickle, Dyson and Dave – they spend their days mowing the lawn, devouring the shrubs and tunnelling to next door because one garden just isn’t big enough. More about the buns another day … for now…
BUT I’m seeing light my friends.
people in this business who's very prolific, but very
Sure, I should be writing about how much I love running again. More likely, I should be finishing up my work report.
I wanted him to get down there for fear that the amazing fog would lift before he got there.
Locally, Paul's election campaign needs leafletters. Cathy retained her seat and it is hopeful in Amber Valley, but it was while Labour was very unpopular.
Stepping out of a comfort zone and go your own way? Think I am already doing that pursuing new crafty projects, going places that has never been on my must-go-to-someday-list.... But then there is the job thing where I am wondering, if I am where I am supposed to be?
Atrocities were perpetrated on all sides in the Sierra Leone conflict. This emerges from the case law of the Special Court, as well as from the Report of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission. It was notorious at the time, in 1998 and 1999. So what are we to make of those who supported the other side in the conflict? For example, the Blair government and the United Kingdom provided assistance and support to the pro-government forces. The pro-government forces had their own sinister militias, involved in rapes, recruitment of child soldiers, amputations, cannibalism and other
As fun as it may be to imagine the birth of a viscous Texas Tea style that could show up among the BJCP categories one day, that simply ain't how we brew 'em here. Dark as supercells though they may be, the offerings by Rahr and Shiner couple a great roasty bite with climate-appropriate drinkability. These are very much beers of their place.
Iron Man showed the world that superhero movies can be fun, witty, action packed, engaging, adventurous, well-written, expertly directed, fantastically acted, and most of all, pretty darn good. Superhero movies don’t have to be half-baked, poorly written, 2-hour cheese fests. Long gone are the days of “let’s cast somebody big! like, uh… Ben Affleck!” (facepalm.) Iron Man has it all, especially in the acting department. Robert Downey Jr owns Tony Stark and has great chemistry with Gwyneth Paltrow’s Pepper Potts.
4. It's a Sunshine Day - The Brady Bunch
Welcome to the revolution! That’s right, we are living through a revolution in the way we consume, produce, share, connect and find stuff. And by stuff I mean Levi’s Action slacks size 54×32, or maybe a John Piper book. How about the best video on education in the whole wide world! None of these things are related, but they are all super-accessible in less than 10 minutes of searching, which changes EVERYTHING.
Large human puts me in a pet carrier and into the car. I am so happy to see her. We drive to the vet. What is a vet? What are shots?
Shipping is $2.50 for the first item and an addition $.50 for each extra. As of now I'm only shipping to the US and Canada, Canadian shipping will be just a little bit more.
Setting goals is vitally important in social media. How many new friends will you gather on Facebook over the next month? How many new followers on Twitter will you gather over the next month? How many tweets will you send out per day, week and month? How many updates to the fan page will you do per week? How many fans will you gather over the next month? How many interactions do you want to have? How many private messages will you send out to potential clients?
A woman can flip through a women’s magazine over and over many times to digest the contents thoroughly. Hours and days can be spent browsing through a women’s magazine by the fairer sex who takes her own sweet time to enjoy every detail in each women’s magazine. There is always some amazing finds in each reading.
Ever Since You Told Me That You Love Me (I'm a Nut)
(NOTE: I'm having camera issues, so recent post pics will be a bit off and on. The 1st picture used here of Molotov was on both Cityvox and Do it in Paris, so I'm not sure where to credit. And, the 2nd picture us at Zov Ilicha in St Petersburg)
Arrange the skewers on the rack.
Thankfully I survived, and so did all my kids.
At another place, Biswas goes on – ‘ A new country, a new city. Double-decker buses, trams, the Kalighat temple. The liver and leg pieces at butcher Mohanda’s shop. And then at some point, I think about my childhood homestead. Sitting with a fishing rod by the bank of Nabogonga. I remember and think a lot about sitting with Bhombol, the dog and cleaning its ear-wax. Before my mother was cremated in the grounds at Satdoa, her pillow and madoor ( mattress) was thrown in the forest. I feel that they are still right there.I can clearly see the state of the madoor, the shape of the pillow.But I dont have a passport.’
Rifftrax isn't quite Mystery Science Theater - but it's fun and in some ways, less intrusive than MST - fewer jokes and no silhouetted forms covering the screen. Not that I mind that during MST - this is just a different format.
He is a weird pitcher based on the fact that he has strikeout “stuff”, yet he only has 12 strikeouts in 41.1 IP and 6.5Ks/ 9 IPin over 400 IP in his pro career. His fastball has been clocked in as high as 101 MPH (while in New Hampshire); he has been successful due to a very good sinker that enables him to produce many ground outs and minimize homeruns (0.5 HRs allowed per 9 IP for New Hampshire) as well as a low walk rate of 1.7BB/9 IP.
Join our Blog List and receive an Audio Lesson every day Subscribe to our Blog in the upper right corner of this page. Then be sure to confirm your registration in the follow up email sent to your email box.
As if this weren’t astonishing enough the Lord further arrogates to himself the exclusive prerogatives of God (the Father), such as raising the dead and giving life. He even goes so far to say that he is able to and actually will raise the dead both spiritually and physically just by his voice!
“Ultimately the goal would be for [tuition] to not go as high for students,” said Kurt Weiss, the public information officer for the Michigan Department of Technology, Management and Budget. This will come as a welcome relief to college students. According to the College Board, an association committed to helping students succeed in higher education, the average cost of public university tuition in the U.S. is $8,244 a year, up 8.3 percent from last year.
Something for the media to think about
Now please understand that I have not laid eyes on this picture in years. Months ago, I loaded up a bunch of stuff for storage and this must have been in that stuff. Bruce saw it wedged down in the folds of the seat when he was putting the groceries in the back and pulled it out not thinking anything of it. At that point in time, he did NOT know that it was the anniversary of Dad's passing. Coincidence? I don't believe in them. I was meant to be the one to unload the groceries that day. I'm convinced that was my Dad's way of saying hi and that he was around.
Who was afflicted? Who was “His presence.” The Father.
Okay, first things first. I LOVE the cover. I usually hate covers where you can actually see the models' faces, but this one... This is AWESOME. They both just look so bad ass. And then there's Chris/Chase with his rugged handsomeness... *drools*. I personally wouldn't mind if he was the only guy alive on Earth with me.
Okay, so heroine material, I'm not.
These beauties were donated by fellow artisan Melinda Orr. Many of you know Melinda, I'm sure. If you don't, however, getting to know her will be how these Turtle/Cross copper/patina earrings ($30 value) can be yours. Melinda can be found at numerous spots on the web.
In 1974 IPC launched Speed & Power and I began picking up the new fortnightly magazine alongside my weekly Valiant. Eventually I dropped the latter in 1975 as most of my favourite strips (including "The Steel Claw" and "The Wild Wonders") had disappeared. Not that I dropped comics entirely... Top Secret Picture Library had launched in July 1974; then, in September 1975 I started picking up Vulcan, which had loads of my favourite characters in stories I'd never seen. Speed & Power folded in November '75, so I read Look & Learn for a while; then a new comic called Action appeared in February '76, two months before Vulcan was merged into Valiant and I found myself reading my old favourite again!
for Martha's lace I decoupaged it all on layering it on top of each other.. but the ends were left alone.. so just the tops of the lace were adhered. I also put some scraps of lace in different
BBM as a Corporate Messaging Tool (via Mobile Fusion)
that covers those giants, hurled down by heaven.
His love is the only thing that heals our broken hearts,
The following from 2 Maccabees Chapter 1 and 2 give more detail about the desecration by Antiochus IV Epiphanes.
Guide created by Tracie Vaughn Zimmer
Experience relational church,
Don McLean—“American Pie”
'Should any matter arise from the investigations into this incident, then this will of course be incorporated into our policy.'
I can't get another husband.
Mary held him out at arm’s length. “You sure have grown up since I first met you.”
I was interviewed a few weeks ago by Caroline Horn (who also works for The Bookseller). This is how it went....
Since we built a new flower bed last autumn, we have some new roses in our yard this spring. The first of the new roses to bloom is this sunny yellow grandiflora, Southern Belle.
Knight of Malta Myron Taylor was President Roosevelf s envoy. Knight of Malta John McCone was President Kennedy's envoy and he was also the Director of the CIA during the early '60s. A former mayor of New York City, Robert Wagner, was President Jimmy Carter's envoy. Frank Shakespeare replaced William Wilson. Frank Shakespeare is a Knight of Malta, and so it goes. President Reagan spoke at the annual Knights of Malta dinner.
britt.vuorio@kassanetti.fi
The next day, Grace walked to Doris’ house to take her to town. “Mom, are you ready to go?” She asked her mother. ”I’m waiting on the phone to talk to the doctor now.” Doris replied. Grace wasn’t sure why Doris would be on the phone, knowing that she has already has an appointment. “How long have you been holding on?” Grace asked. Doris looked up at Grace and said, “I’m not sure. Bout’ an hour I guess.” Grace took the phone from her mother and put it to her ear. After a moment she said, “Mom, there is no one on this phone.” Doris reach for the phone as she said, “give me the phone. I forgot to dial the number.” Grace was beside herself when it came to understanding her mother’s memory failures.
Because I was trying to pull it together.
So I’m working on it. Working on how to fancy up my every day life stories. Getting back into the swing of what I used to be just fine and dandy and decent at – writing!
Song of the Day: "Elias" by Dispatch (the live version from the All Points Bulletin album)
So, the main news is that the store opens again tomorrow Friday 6th January with the most humungous sale ever - you really don't want to miss this one.
she wades on stilts
And sheets of white anemones,
Airline-approved cat carrier, harness and leash: $109
Christ. I have consistently worked at this. I spent three hours daily with
Locke kneels down to talk to calm tied to the tree Desmond. He apologizes that Sayid tied him up but he was afraid Desmond would run before they had a chance to talk. Des doesn't blame him and explained he has nowhere to run to. Locke feels that best argument against captivity that he ever heard, he doesn't know what is. He cuts Des free and asks him a couple of questions.
Row 121- change colors and continue in stockinette stitch (total of 60 rows)
the incident.
I wanted to use this yummy paper that I got from my Secret Sister. She also gave me another Pure Innocence stamp to use but I liked the paper so much that I wanted to paper piece. Her image was darling but had no opportunities to piece.
To stir or not to stir is the next question. I am going to swirl the contents a couple of times but I can't see a good reason to do it everyday. 30 days is my target time for infusing the vodka. Recipes say from 10 to 40 days. Many are seriously adamant about 40 days, not a day longer or shorter. Some recipes say add sugar syrup and drink and then some say 40 more days in the storage tank! Who is right or wrong? Maybe no one but I intend to find out for myself because I am totally intrigued with fresh fruit liqueurs.
It’s hardly a coincidence that one of her biggest heroes is none other than Oprah Winfrey, whom Orman admires for her “tremendous sense of humanity.” Orman, with her strong but soothing style of communicating financial ideas, does for her fans’ financial needs what Winfrey offers people to make better choices about their relationships. Orman learned from the best, clearly, because she sometimes sounds just like Winfrey.
I’m not done yet, but I’ve already made a trek to the health food sites and ordered B-6, magnesium and more probiotics. DHA (fish oil) is next, but I’m a big believer of one new thing at a time, so if there’s any difference — positive or negative — you know what to attribute it to. Someone gets it! Finally!!
lips like sugar , sugar kisses
I have exciting news!
We ended the party with present opening. This party lasted an hour, which was good for this age-group. I didn’t play all of the games listed. It could have easily lasted an hour and 1/2 if I had. (If you want my time schedule, let me know.)
It is the balance the manager has been trying to work toward and is reaching. No ‘project’ of this nature is ever completed but there should not a requirement for wholesale changes again. That’s the utopian ideal at least.
Stephen A. Douglas about Abraham Lincoln
So that's where I have been all week!
Having played and celebrated Mega Man for something over 20 years, and having the appreciation for the base mechanics brought back by Capcom’s 2009 and later 8-bit remakes, I can definitely say that the criticism of the Mega Buster is actually spot on. The charge shot makes this game entirely too easy. Mega Man 4 is not as challenging as the earlier games in the series. I found myself rarely using special weapons in the game when I had a more reliable, higher damage causing weapon always at my disposal. Charging the shot to full power does not take that much time, receiving damage while charging doesn’t disrupt the charge, the projectile has a larger collision pattern, and finally it cleaves through multiple enemies in a straight line. It also generally does about as much damage to bosses as their special weapon weakness would, making a difficult weapon to use, like Skull Shield (Dive Man’s weakness) completely irrelevant. The charge shot is also, technically speaking, not original here either (you can charge Atomic Fire in Mega Man 2).
"As we all know, Texas likes to make up their own rules despite facts, i.e. creationism vs science," Thibodeau said. "Contradictory to the actual definition of 'ale,' Texas defines it as beer over 4 percent ABW. Beer under 4 percent ABW is called 'beer.' Because the Mexican Logger is a lager we couldn’t get it approved to sell in Texas, unless we called it 'ale,' so there you go, it’s 'ale, in Texas.'"
Graphic novels have always drawn heavily from classic literature, particularly heroic and adventurous tales. Robin Hood and its eponymous character inspired many of the “rules for superheroes.” Lately, both graphic novels and text novels related to vampires inspired by Dracula have hit a popularity high.
I just love this pretty little bowl here!
This week, I maybe taking a bit of time for myself. AND needing to get a new computer! BUMMER! The screen is going all wacky where I can't see have of the screen.
That was my breaking point. “Nonsense!” I said. “Wait until you have children! You can’t abandon your flock then. You’re too busy looking after your bloody flock to have a dream. Forget the treasure. You’re more likely to be trailing around after someone else’s sodding dream.”
The Liebster Blog award is given to smaller blogs that have less than 200 followers to encourage more people to visit. The idea is to link back to the person who gave you the award and thank them. Then give the award to 5 fellow bloggers who inspire you (and let them know).
Oh, I am also taking many vitamins and supplements to try to kill this "bad boy". Garlic is the main one. So every single person I talk to just LOVES IT. :) But I have noticed that if I notice a flare up coming, and I take Garlic, it suppressed it immediatly.
Rayanne will literally say to them, “Okay, we’re going to have an adult sleepover, but I’m not going to have sex with you yet. You’re going to sleep here, next to me. You’re going to be irritated. You’re going to be thinking about sex all night without getting any. You’re probably going to get a horrible case of blue balls. If you’re lucky, I’ll let you touch the breasts, but you’ll have to stop there. It’s simple. Are you up for it? Because if you’re not, we can stop right here.” Rayanne always did this in such a way that the guys laughed and signed right on for the Mormon plan. I mean she’s put ever single guy of hers through it and succeeded. She’s a serial monogamist, so there have been several.
We remember the victims of this world, for the fallen in battle are everywhere. There is such a prodigious spending of lives. There is much senseless and unnecessary suffering, so many wasted lives. Uncaring, brutal violence and terrible torment takes the lives of unnumbered victims. Pain stares from too many faces and too many are so very young. There is a sense in which all humanity stands now at the eleventh hour.
If you're wondering why I haven't posted any ideas for this coming Sunday it's because we are having some technical difficulties :) hahaha. At the moment I'm at my Hubby's work checking my email and posting this, just in case some of you have emailed me wondering when I am going to get with it and post something :). I apologize...I'm not ignoring you , I promise! :)
So, that's my quickie post. Hopefully there will be a longie soon.
Remember to fill the batter just half of the paper cups so that it won't be over flow. (like below)
They are familiar.
woebegone to those who have long gone
The day before we left, I had jousted with the Amnesia Haze (this I can still remember clearly) and it put me out for the count. Slept in a puddle of drool I made for myself while in the comatose state that the haze put me in. My good friend was there watching some amusing action film from the 90′s but I couldn’t manage. When I awoke I saw another friend of ours there in the room also watching whatever it was on the tv. We all had a laugh because I looked like such a confused mess at this point with saliva just dropping out the corner of my mouth.
Sometimes I feel like I have plateaued in terms of my sewing. While I have been trying to sew with different fabric (it is so hard for me not to make everything in florals or polka dots), I haven't really picked up any new techniques lately. Enter Check the Technique created by the super awesome Reana Louise. Basically, you create a list of techniques you haven't tried, try them and then write about your success/failure.
Venus then gave her another task, Psyche was to get water from a cleft that was said to be impossible for a mortal to obtain. (Oh and there was a giant serpent guarding the water) Psyche didn't falter and made her way to the cleft, there she looked up and saw that the cleft was incredibly high up and of course a giant snake was protecting the water. Now not being sexist, but Psyche had no chance in hell to defeat the snake and climb up to get the water. She had help in the form of an eagle that killed the serpent and brought down the water to her. (That is some Beastmaster shit right there!)
Sorry for not posting so long, the last link in a chain of events slowing me down in the past three months was breaking my right hands wrist. But I'm at least back on track in the web (while still not able to draw and paint) and delivering the last installment of my Classic Plastic series: Gigantic Frankenstein.
03. Nella Serra (02:14)
What you are looking for is your WAN IP address, as artistically circled above. To keep the pranksters away, I have blacked out some of my address. The next thing to do is turn on port-forwarding. This tells the router where to redirect incoming requests from the outside world. When the modem receives such a request, we want to send that request to the port number of our ethernet shield. Using the Server server(80); function in our sketch has set the port number to 80. Each modem’s configuration screen will look different, but as an example here is one:
He also questioned whether B&NES will enforce requirements which would see large pitches restricted to one static home, one touring caravan, two parking spaces an amenity building and a small garden.
That this is 'Carry On's' last hurrah
We headed out to Hockey for Kade on Friday. After that, we picked up the Flex and headed home to pack in prep for an early morning departure for the south. We stopped in Montague to see my folks and pick up the annuals that I had been hoping to get for a bit. The boys had a good visit. I can't grasp how folks age. I am now thinking about how well I'll be doing when I'm in my mid to late 70s. How well will you do? It's an amazing journey, this life. Anyway, after some time with the dogs, the lovely cat and the chickens and a nice meal prepared and served by a woman who is boarding with my folks (she's working on a special program that places those looking for work in assistance programs and is working around the corner at the Hub) we left Siskiyou County (all the while enjoying the view of Mt. Shasta) and made it to Woodland for the night. The next morning we were off early and headed to Orange County. We checked into the hotel and headed out to visit with my lovely Aunt Mary. It's hard to express how cool she really, really is. We spent a few hours chatting, then headed back to the hotel to sleep a bit. We got up to go visit Mary and Sarah the next morning for a few hours. Around noon we headed out to San Diego so Jeff could get all organized for his conference call the next morning. After that, we headed out to Mandy's house for a bit of a visit. We missed the fun of the craft making, as we were so late, but totally enjoyed seeing many friends. That night we headed out to Flo's house. Flo and family were so gracious and housed us during our stay in the area. Tuesday found us at La Jolla Shores with the funschoolers group. Wednesday we saw our friends Zack, Zayden and Erika; Cameron, Ella and Gardenia; Kade went out with his friend Ryan while the rest of us chilled with Juliet, Camille, Flo and Marc. Thursday found us at Dos Picos Park and the kids got to play Warrior Cats (based on the novels) with the funschoolers. Time in San Diego flew by. We headed out Friday morning to Las Vegas, where we find ourselves today. Last night we hit the pool and the kids arcade and won some fun things. The boys went on the two 4D shows they offered, Sponge Bob and the Extreme Log Ride. We had dinner together in the hotel...we are staying at the Excalibur, and then made the journey to see the Pirate/Siren battle in front of the Treasure Island Hotel. After the show we headed back to the room for some much needed sleep! Today we didn't have to wake up to an alarm, so took advantage of that. The slow pace of waking found Kade and Jeff heading down to the kid arcade again and then they brought us up some breakfast. For the rest of the day we have ice skating, pool time and then the Tournament of Kings dinner show. Sound like fun? It has been. It's way too much for me, though I'm somehow hanging! It's a lot of movement, lights, and noise...along with the interesting vibe that comes with this city. The boys are in hog heaven, though, and are enjoying this experience completely. I'm so happy to be on this journey with them!
PS. I'm never organized enough to brine my turkey ahead of time, but this is the first year I injected it with butter, broth and spices...and let's just say this turkey was my best so far. Plus, you get to use this gigantic stainless steel syringe and you look like a crazy veterinarian. It's fun!
If it’s not possible to speak to someone you know, even an exchange with a stranger can have a positive impact. I’m not suggesting you just strike up a conversation on the street (especially if it’s the middle of the night), but you could perhaps pop into a cafe, or share a few words with the librarian.
Hachi: Now you sound like how Buddha is supposed to. Good for you.
Taylor returning after finishing a photo shoot in an unidentified hotel in Midtown. If she’s rocking a new mean look, does that mean Ryan was written out of her book?
I began enjoying a daily latte before work. Before long, I was up to two a day. I couldn’t help noticing a tinge of pride in my Mom’s voice when she told Dad “he drinks coffee now.”
The theme for this week's Blog roll is Green, which is just perfect at this time of year. Spring is on it's way (don't forget to turn your clocks forward this weekend!), and Mother Nature is starting to add little touches of green here and there. The crocuses are starting to come up, and the daffodil leaves are poking through the soil. Some of my hyacinths are even pushing up through their covering of Fall leaves. We've had a mild winter, so some plants and trees are getting buds even sooner than usual.
“Not even by accident?”
The Verdict
Adam over at Author's Echo has a post about stealing ideas. He says you can't NOT steal ideas. As far as it goes he's right. Ever heard the story where a boy and a girl fall in love despite the fact that they come from different worlds and their parents are against it? Yea, that's just about every book from Romeo and Juliet to Twilight.
― Cornelia Funke, Inkspell
Maybe not. It's more than probable that RealWritingJobs is running a recurring billing scheme. In this common online ploy, a company uses a trial period to induce consumers to provide their credit card numbers. Once the trial period ends, cards are automatically billed for membership and other fees on a recurring basis (like RealWritingJobs, companies typically bury this info in their Terms and Conditions, where eager or careless consumers can easily miss it). Although consumers are promised they can cancel during the trial period, they discover that they can't get through to the toll-free number provided--or, if they do get through, they can't speak to a live person, but can only leave voicemail messages that are never responded to. (Here's a sample complaint.) Once the recurring billings commence (which, if the consumer didn't read the Terms and Conditions, may be a complete surprise), it is extremely difficult to stop them. Many people wind up canceling their credit cards.
The Bible was done. The dictionary was done. Hundreds of converts were leading the church. And today there are close to about 3,700 congregations of Baptists in Myanmar who trace their origin to this man's labors of love.
GIVES BEST WRITING FEATURES
And, heaven help that new cousin who is soon to arrive, may he never lay a finger on Luke’s cars and ramps for fear of losing it. An early piece of advice from Aunt Jess, stick to the cash register little man, Main Street is spoken for…
Contact: sales@primera.com
Where to Purchase: Workman Publishing
16. Secret Door
I nodded, then went to the door.
Daughter of the late Herbert “Bert” Dahmer and Sara Cromer, she was born and raised in Pennsylvania. A 1950 graduate of Sewickley High School, she attended the University of Indiana Bloomington and earned a degree in English and Journalism in 1969.
Hoping to hear about job applications in the not too distant future
Every day when Lucien gets off the bus, I ask, "Hey, buddy, still got your badge?" Many times I've received the reply, "Nope, I lost that thing in like five minutes."
The SyFy Channel original movies that air on Saturday nights are the drive-in B-movies for the New Millennium, proudly flying the exploitation freak flag with a steady diet of the kind of pseudo-solemn disaster movies that were all the rage in the 1990s, cheesy fantasy films and over-the-top monster movies. These often cheese-tastic fare are populated by unknown up-and-comers, actors that once had their time in the spotlight either on television, film or popular music but are now just trying to keep working, and genre character actors. The result is colorful assortment of movies like Never Cry Werewolf (2008), Malibu Shark Attack (2009), and Dinocroc vs. Supergator (2010). Admittedly, most SyFy Channel movies are forgettable exercises in cheap special effects, laughably bad dialogue and wooden performances (that is kinda their charm) but every so often the channel cranks out one that is better than you would normally expect. Larva (2005) is one of those movies – a fun romp that Vulcan mind melds David Cronenberg-esque body horror with The Blob-style creature feature.
I used a Bleach Bypass preset in Lightroom to take the colour out of the image and especially Holly's skin, then upped the saturation on the Orange channel to just make her striking hair pop.
David: I like to mention places/people/things around me in a song—when I can—I don't know how this town affects the music—other than being so far from a 'current' music scene—it allows us to breathe & make music & let it sound like whatever the song wants to sound like—we've been making music in the BARN for over 20 years—all kinds of music—the 'marching band' kind of stuff & the free-improv stuff & the folky song singing kind of stuff—the People central to Art Of Flying & the friends around them—they make as much music as they can—always working towards some sort of beauty & playfulness—never mentioning the words 'genre' & 'style.'
I’m quickly learning that a lot of my time gardening is spent putting preventative measures in place to protect my plants from extreme weather, slugs, pests and birds. The wind seems to be my greatest foe at the moment. My rhubarb has been all but destroyed by the strong gusts and my artichokes have some snapped stems too. I was trying to figure out a way to protect them from the strong northerly winds. I toyed with cloches, netting, fleece, with no joy, until Dave had the brilliant idea of making a barrier around that section of the plot by extending some windbreak netting out from the fence. We drove a stake into the ground as with the perimeter fencing and used wire and staples to attach the netting. Not only does it protect my fragile plants, it breaks the plot up and gives it a bit more structure. I extended the flower bed around it too. It looks much better than before and my rhubarb, artichokes and fruit bushes are now well protected.
But I was so NOT prepared for what actually happened. It wasn't like I got left hanging in the middle of a bunch of action. It wasn't even like that Vampire Diaries episode where one of my favorite characters was shot and then the episode ENDED RIGHT THERE.
see you tomorrow with pictures of pretty flowers.
My sewing projects.
Ten years later Snow Angel was published and won the ForeWord magazine Romance Book of the Year winner, was a National “Best Books 2007” Awards winner, and a 2008 RITA Awards® Best First Book finalist. It was the beginning of her dream
Koh, who is also the Gerakan president, said there was no necessity at the moment to emulate Singapore which had set July 21 as ‘Racial Harmony Day.
AAAhhh, the Art of genetics.
Would you like me to post you a replacement sim card?
1 5.9 ounce box of instant chocolate pudding
It don’t make any differunce how rich ye get t’ be,
Well, he did like the Peeps and said he couldn’t believe all the different kinds of Easter candy (or candy and other junk food in general) that America has. He suggested I look into starting an import business. My entrepreneurial wheels are turning. I would hate to think that my children might grow up in Australia and never taste real Easter candy. Hmmm…
The program that night consisted of twelve pieces presented in two equal parts. As Dwight indicated, a symphony movement and three overtures were included. There were three dances, and a potpourri was revived, representing the return of these two genres to the Germania’s subscription concerts in Boston. A song by local composer Thomas Comer was premiered, and the assisting pianist played Mendelssohn’s relatively flamboyant “Rondo Brillante.” In its general format, this program is typical of the “light” concerts added that season: twelve selections, with overtures opening each half, three dances, and opera excerpts for instrumentalists or guest vocalist. Virtuosic showpieces filled out the rest, with the occasional inclusion of a movement from a lengthy, serious work.
I lost a few pounds this week. Finally!! I've been struggling with ten pounds that came back after quitting the gym last year. Honestly I really wasn't losing much weight going to the gym and eating better.I blame it on being over 30. My SIL nicely told me once, "you"re no spring chicken anymore". Thanks alot.
My quest to find marker trees in Southern Ontario led me to spend a winter revisiting my old haunts in Hamilton, Halton and Niagara Regions to no avail. It was only when I started asking friends and fellow botanists that I started to get somewhere. None of them really knew about marker trees before. I just shared what little I had discovered and for some, a little light bulb went on above their heads as they recounted seeing a similar looking tree at such and such place. Some of the leads were dead ends, but some led me to the most magical trees I have ever seen.
I will accept Atonement for myself,
completed in 2012-13.
I have no final summary of how these thoughts and realizations are going to magically transform my life to perfection. I don't know if what I know now will be important to me twenty years from now or if I'll have shifted more by that point in regards to these topics. But it's where I am now, and it's a healthier place to be than I was even a few months ago. Writing it down helps me understand it better, and possibly serves a double purpose in helping someone else make a healthier choice for themselves.
Sound of: New Keane album!
This AIYTC line up is Richard and Cristiano Renzoni (of Alo Girl and proprietor of the Urashima label).
I also used my marinated olives to scatter over the top
Yesterday was an academic writing day and I managed more than my 2,000 words in under two hours. I was actually preparing a short article about point of view for the Virtual Learning Environment, Blackboard. I find that my students – and other inexperienced writers - make more mistakes with point of view than almost anything else. The article was almost written and I’d actually got to the easy final couple of paragraphs.
“I see,” said Riva. “That Beboodle? That one right there? Five years ago someone tried to rob this store after hours. The next morning we found a lot of glass with the Beboodle sitting right smack in the center of the mess; but nothing was missing. And when we first got her? Someone tried to attack my mother after she’d just locked up the store and was on her way home. She was a teenager, way back when. Whoever it was, jumped from the bushes, she said, and hit her over the head. The next thing she knew, she heard this horrible, slurpy ripping sound, and her attacker was gone.”
He showed up to pick me up at 6:30! And it would take about a half hour to get to the venue. I was livid. This was shit that Scott would pull. I was so annoyed, but then I started second-guessing myself. Telling myself that he probably went home to Conn. on Friday, drove to the city on Saturday to work all day and then had to come to Long Island with me. Ugh. I just couldn’t let it go though.
The write ups spoke of children's entertainment, foods from afar and wineries abounding.
Boffo! Top marks for taste and texture. I could eat these every day and never grow tired of them (though I'd be even fatter than I am now).
Eddie McFadden (guitar)
In addition to this I want to offer the best internship and mentorship programs available in the industry. I love talking about training and providing an educational resource for other coaches so that we can improve the quality of trainers in our field..
The plan is the result of the first comprehensive review of the downtown since the 1970s, said Mayor Karen Farbridge.
“Embrace such an emotion, my child,” her mother would whisper.
Clear Channel’s Bill Cunningham, foul mouth gab queen Ann Coulter, her male counterpart, Mike Savage, Limbaugh, Cal Thomas, and, of course, Glenn Beck quickly took up the Obama as Hitler chant. With that, the Obama as Hitler line was firmly set. The only thing missing was a mob setting to do an imitation torch light parade complete with banner, signs and posters with Obama depicted as Hitler. The mob parades were tea party rallies where Obama as Hitler agitprop paraphernalia was on full display.
Russell T Davies has consistently written some rather breezy opening stories. They’ve been episodes that I have generally quite enjoyed but been under whelmed by. Anyone else agree? They have been scene setters for the new companion (or in the case of series two the new Doctor). A chance for the Doctor and his companion to meet each other, find they work well together and like each other because they have overcome extraordinary odds. The challenges in their relationship and its subsequent development come in the following episodes as they get to know each other and work together more. This is probably a realistic way of developing each series – that’s what we should expect from Russell T Davies who above all else knows how to write character. But I do gag for something that feels like a proper kick off. Something to make you boggle. Remember the old days? Series openers like Spearhead from Space, The Masque of Mandragora, The Leisure Hive.
I'm terrified we will meet her only to break her heart all over again. At the same time I'm so looking forward to taking her shopping, brushing her hair, and asking her to teach me how to catch a damn fish. I'm so excited about the prospect of an older child. And nervous!
a correct answer to my question from yesterday is - I am official designer since 2009, thus celebrating the third anniversary, yay.
Elena was dealing with her grief in a different way, frantically cleaning out Alaric’s secret closet full of vampire hunting supplies (why he kept so many stakes at school, we’ll never know). Stefan stopped her, and brought her out to the gym where he reminded her that emotions needed to be felt, even if it hurt, something she had been trying to convince him of all season. It was a touching scene, but, the most touching scene of the night has got to be the last scene between Damon and Alaric.
Don't let the idea of cooking seafood scare you. This recipe is so simple and I can't think of a way to mess it up other than maybe overcooking it.
½ teaspoon kosher salt
They had a couple of hits in Britain as well as in their native Australia, not least with the well-acknowledged classic “Friday on my Mind”, but had a lot less joy with this heavily produced psychedelic effort, which might have sounded a wee bit dated by 1969.
Water, 5 bowls
I know there's a lot of affection for the U.K. artwork (although I've seen some people dismiss it as generic too!) but I really love this. For a start - and believe me, I know how lucky I am! - there is No Racefail Here. The model is very beautiful, very Japanese, and has a flavour of that same mysterious Suzume expression which you see on the U.K. cover, and I adore that.
I will raise my eyes and look down that corridor; 4 feet wide, with 10 lonely seconds to justify my whole existence. But WILL I? – Harold M. Abrahams, Chariots of Fire
Now a thank you to the very lovely Martha who you can visit here, please do go and see her! She sent me this gorgeous little owl pin and card all the way from America! Thank you so much Martha, you are a star!
Vintage Base Ball was center stage this past Sunday at Washington Park as part of a greater 19th Century style exhibition hosted by the historic Old Stone House in Brooklyn.
It is a sustenance of soft, entrancing might
There’s nothing in the Creation narrative that either condemns or approves the love that people of the same sex have for each other. The notion that this passage restricts sex to heterosexual marriage is the reader’s, not the author’s. The text simply does not say it. The text is mainly concerned with describing how things have come to be as they are, not with prescribing how people ought to act. To insist otherwise is to inject our later-day prejudices into the biblical text, wearing the fig leaf of biblical authority.
Home Improvement Projects in Glass
Martie Olivier said she was given anti-retroviral medication to protect her against HIV. The couple laid charges of rape, assault and bribery yesterday.
The problem with the political accusations and any subsequent and obvious denials, is that nobody trusts the current government or the opposition MPs. Quite frankly no matter what a politician says, regardless of party, the vast majority of Ukrainians will not believe them outright. The Ukrainian post-Soviet skepticism with Ukrainian politicians runs deep and with good cause. Statements from politicians on all sides are more likely to be accepted on the balance of probability they may (or not) be accurate and true.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes by Arthur Conan Doyle
But even checking in at 74 contest cups, which again, is a large number in my social circles, is a percentage so small my calculator simply returns vulgarities when I try to calculate it. My personal sample size is too small to actually be meaningful in the sea of 289 million contest cups, which is why we see wild variance from one consumer’s luck to another’s. I’ve had wonderful luck for six weeks– just as a player batting .917 has had wonderful luck in his last 12 at-bats. Sure, the batting average involves an element of skill that unravelling a paper cup can’t match, but just as my 74 cups disappear in those 289 millions, so too do the batter’s 12 at-bats over the course of 600 in a season.
Only to realise, each of us had our own individual wars to be battled,
10:27 a.m. — Removed oats from oven.
Esme has changed a great deal this past year - she's become such a little girl. Or should I say 'tom-girl'? I've never known another kid who can create such a mess as her - the second she puts her clothes on in the morning she is filthy dirty!! She has such a strong personality these days and is very definate with what she wants (which leads to lots of clashes between her and Jacob!) She's very much the chatterbox - some days it's hard to get a word in! Esme starts little Kinder next year which she has been eagerly waiting for all this year (it's hard to get her to leave when we drop Jacob off these days).
On Monday, I made messenger bags for the preschoolers. I wanted the straps to be adjustable so that the bags would be useful for more than just a year or so. A few years back, I found this tutorial on how to make an adjustable fabric strap from Angela at Sew Loquacious. It seemed like a great idea at the time, so I bookmarked it and then promptly forgot about it. When I was making the bags, I remembered the tute and looked it up. Happily, there was an updated photo tute with more pics and clearer directions. So, I cut my fabric and set to work. They were surprisingly easy to make and I was really happy with how they turned out . . . . until I tried to use them. I’d adjust it so that the bag would be smaller, and then as soon as I’d pick it up, it would slide all the way to the longest setting. I tried it on the babes, and it actually stayed, until we acutally needed to use them in the airport, and then it kept sliding! Grrr! Such a great idea, but it definitely didn’t work out for me. I think there’s a way to solve that problem, I just haven’t had a chance to sit down and figure it out. In the meantime, I’ve just sewn some quick stitches to keep the straps in place, and I’ll manually adjust the bag and restitch as necessary.
That moved me deeply since I've been spending time with rather selfish people lately. I had forgotten about how nice it is to always put others first. I had forgotten what it was like to be me.
Hey all, Jewelle here popping in with a guest spotlight! I'm super excited about introducing you to this lady because I know her personally. We are friends in real life, and it is always fun to be on a team with someone you know. Let me introduce you to...
Fall 2012:
We usually get a great many applicants and the application period will close fairly quickly: watch this space and twitter (@susanhawk) for details.
government. The People will no longer tolerate the lies, the
So why should we deal with our anger and woundedness?
Right, so trim/square up your HSTs to 3 inchs either with a square template or, like me, using the 45 degree angle line on your cutting mat:
"Okay I'm going to bite." Simon says, "SMS?"
6 shrimp
Step 2: The pizza materials have arrived!
Chili sauce, 2 table spoons (optional)
BERSIH 2.0 condemns this move as this would make ineffective the crucial role of the polling and counting agents in monitoring irregularities and discrepancies of the polling and counting process. For example, the recently concluded Sarawak state elections saw election violations where polling agents found members of political parties campaigning within the polling centres. Having their mobile phones while on duty allows the polling and counting agents to effectively feed information of any irregularities to their political parties and ensure higher transparency of the electoral process.
me - I washed my hair.
And I was glad to see Malcolm graduate and get the hell out of his mom’s roof.
Too Cool for Christmas ... LMN ... 12 AM
On the off chance you missed this (bet you didn't, but just in case...), Tim is offering his first online workshop through Online Card Classes. Creative Chemistry 101 is a two-week course that's open to everyone and is undoubtedly going to be EPIC! Check out the link above to sign up, and I'll see you there!
I bookmarked the jobs page on the SEC website over a year ago. I've loved securities law since law school- it's the reason I started out in a corporate transactional practice before quickly realizing that it's litigators who dig through facts and case law and marge the two together in persuasive arguments. And that's what I love. So I switched to litigation and spent a year working on big corporate and securities cases and LOVING it. Then they dwindled. Then I went on maternity leave. Then I was back and all those fun cases were gone or in other offices. I looked at the SEC page again, but suddenly I realized I didn't have the securities experience to apply for anything there so I thought I'd spend a year gaining some and then apply. But finally, a few months ago, I realized I was never going to gain that experience in my current role and I needed to just apply anyway. I updated my resume and included a few bracketed bullet points- aspirational items I hoped to fill in. Things like, "write a securities article and get it published by the end of the year," and "work on another securities matter." And I did all of those things. I researched and wrote a securities article in October. I called partners and got staffed on an advisory matter relating to a previous securities litigation case I worked on. I put google and Westlaw alerts on certain new securities-related bills and cases. I read the BCG report on the SEC (which was mandated by Dodd-Frank), read the manual for the Enforcement Division, read the law.com headlines daily... just generally inserted myself back in the world of securities law after a year-long detour in the world of IP.
”Now Consumers Association of Penang chairman SM Mohamed Idris – I know him personally – blew his top when Guan Eng called him an old man. Should I call him Idris mamak then?” he asked.
Cookies, Num, Num, Num, Num, Num! I love to bake and I certainly know my way around a cookie recipe, but for some reason venturing into Real-food has totally thrown my baking mojo. I have tested many recipes and failed many times. I do not want to compromise my tastebuds, texture, and look of many foods we thoroghly enjoyed before Real-food. Most people coming from a “normal” diet would probably agree. I was beginning to think it was a lost cause for a healthy cookie to taste and look like its white-flour, white-sugar counter part.
During my freshman year at Liberty University I decided that I was going to go into communications, because one, I’m quite a talker, and two, everyone said I’d be a great news or television anchor. Yeah….about that. I hate public speaking. I am the most extroverted person when it comes to not being shy, but when you stick me in front of a room with a lot of people and ask me to speak/perform (probably one of the main reasons being famous singer never was in the cards for me) I freeze up. Not my cup of tea at all. So I switch from broadcast communication to communications with a focus on advertising and decided I’d be really ambitious and study graphic design too. I’m not sure exactly why I chose to do two majors but the two seemed to work hand-in-hand and I figured if I’m going to be good at something I might as well learn another aspect of it as well.
The survey, which was published in the Journal of Black Studies, also found that 52.8% of servers reported seeing other servers discriminate against African-American customers.
Batch Sparge at 165 degrees for 30 minutes
Over the next few days/weeks, I'll write up some posts on what I have been doing these past few months. I've had a few little little adventures along the way.
But while you win some, you lose some. Mums who came to see me who couldn’t get swimming lessons for their children because they couldn’t afford to block book over the summer holidays didn’t win their campaign. Nor did I win my campaign to ban the use of plastic bags locally despite the private backing I received from the town manager at nearby Maidstone Council.
While the worlds Occult-Zionist-Masonic Elites descended upon Black Nobility King Carlos’s Province of Sitges Spain June 3-6, to no doubt strategize how to clean up Rothschild’s Environmental Disaster off the coast of Florida and improve life for you and yours, they left it to Kissinger’s recently installed Queen of the Zionist-Mishpucka U.S. Political Operation to again perform her primary role of distraction…of course Rothschild’s Global Media Op played their roles as WWF ring announcers providing color commentary on the Palin/McGinniss Fence-Gate…Reuters/AP approved buzzword of the saga “creepy”…
Most of Mr. Adam’s time between arrival and execution will be spent on phone conversations with members of the free society to include his family and legal counsel. With TDCJ no longer providing special last meals to the condemned, Mr. Adams will be provided standard fare from the prison mess hall. He will be afforded the opportunity to take one last shower around 4 PM. It is unclear whether Mr. Adams elected to have a spiritual adviser present before and during the execution. The Warden of the Huntsville Unit will greet Mr. Adams upon arrival and explain the process for the day. The Warden then leaves and does not return until it is time for execution. Mr. Adams will be afforded an opportunity to make a final statement. The Associated Press representative, Michael Graczyk, will be present as a media witness and he will make information available to the public as they become available including Mr. Adams’ final words.
Foto of the week: My rose bush must have felt bad about Sunday. Yesterday I noticed this little bud had shot out the side at the bottom. I hadn't noticed it there before. Then again, I've been tres busy lately. I'm hoping when my friend comes to take us to do our errands she will stop at Lowes so I can get supplies to make a sign for my planter. "Keep your damn hands off MY plants!"
Looking forward to monday now, my head is swirling with all the things I want to do – should have brought the to-do list home.
Instead of baskets filled with individually wrapped candies and padded with fake grass, reduce your plastic waste by switching to a greener (and healthier) alternative.
Booty City/What Love Is by Black Joe Lewis & The Honeybears
What I wouldn't do
Normally the croquettes I am used to are filled with a potato filling with some additional ingredients. Instead, the croquette here is filled with a flavoured mousse which comes as a surprise. I’m guessing that they’ve churned chorizos and onions through until they became a mousse, but the flavour is spot on and it is an interesting and delicious take on the croquette. Personally, the onion one was much more flavoursome than the chorizo.
Mrs Silverman relented and accepted his terms.
There are a ton of resources on the internet about rolling and filling ravioli and they do a much better job at describing it that I can in this post so check them out. I think I will at some point do a demo but until then, I'm outsourcing my dirty work ;)
KE
Like Michelle Williams, Ginnifer has made the pixie haircut modern and au courant, and has tempted many die-hard long-haired ladies to differentiate themselves from the masses. Her shimmering teal, seafoam, aqua, and citrine shadows blend seamlessly into a soft and feminine wash, and pair beautifully with a pale seashell pink satin lipstick. Her dark brown brows need to make a strong statement, and are expertly shaped, groomed, and filled. If her makeup artist used our BrowPro product, Ginnifer would be a Medium Dark.
You and your sales staff will make the close more often so you will make more money.
Artists are invited to submit one work for consideration.
Where else should we try?
When modern technology works I just love it*.
Our first daily verse describes the joy-filled reunion of Joseph with his younger brother Benjamin after many years of separation. Notice the physical expression, “he threw his arms around… and embraced him” That sounds like a hug to me! (The weeping component of their reunion merits another study.)
trying to be someone i'm not.
No greenfly, however, when it rains.... there is a definite garlic 'fragrance' in the air! Tee hee.
Ten minutes later we were still waiting for the first squall to hit. They were moving so fast that would form, advance before us and then vanish before we were near. An hour later the weather had cleared and not a drop of rain had hit the boat, we were a little disappointed.
2. Ok, I’m just going to change this yoga goal. The goal is to go 3 times per week. After looking back on the last 2 months I think this is doable and still a stretch. I had a 6 time month and a 5 time month so hopefully just 3 a week will be a big enough push that is actually time possible!
Tomorrow is May 1st and that means you can reserve tickets for Free Day at the Huntington Library in San Marino. The Huntington Library hosts a free day once a month but you must have tickets in order to go. A limited quantity are available the first day of each month preceding the month you wish to visit so the upcoming free day you are reserving tickets for is April 5. Tickets will be available starting at 9 a.m. tomorrow and most of the tickets are gone within minutes.
As they were walking out of the library Mather said to Franklin, “Stoop! Stoop!”
Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven.
you require to live in victory the rest of your life is inside you already.
What I saw at my root was a whale, almost dead, with a heart rate I could only describe as nearly flatlining. My relationship with the whale, and its rhythm, guided my healing and all the work with the biodynamic osteopath who cared for me with unsurpassed skill and attention. All I knew is that to fully heal, whatever that meant, I needed to completely surrender to the intelligence within that whale and let it consume me.
The only way true ‘Democratization of Publishing’ is going to happen is when the old ‘traditional’ publishing aristocracy takes on and embellishes what is good outside and around it – all that it currently fears.
Ravenclaws are “wise” and like “wit and learning”. They are the nerds of the Harry Potter world. I once took a quiz on “Which House would you be sorted into?” and my result was Ravenclaw. I am a nerd, I like to read, I like to learn, but I don’t really feel like a Ravenclaw.
Whether you've got a toddler or not, you probably don't want to stuff your kid full of sugar on a long drive. I picked up a dozen plastic Easter eggs at the grocery store and filled each one with a different snack- some sweet, some not so sweet. The plan is to give him one egg every hour or so until the trip is done. Older kids would probably appreciate this even more than he will- and you can teach them about the passing of time while you're at it! Hopefully they won't be asking "are we there yet?" as much as usual. (But they might be asking "when do I get another egg?")You could also fill them with little toys or the pieces to a puzzle that will be completed when you get to your destination.
UPDATE: 6th March, 2011. The Estates Gazette is reporting that the deal, which it claims will see GBP 300m repaid on an INBS loan, is still to be finalised. It claims that the deal is the sale of the loan, rather than the property itself and it seems that Richard Caring and the consortium he heads may retain paper ownership but answerable to a new lender.
#4 - "Nightmare at 20,000 Feet" - Few contemporary authors know how to turn the screws on poor schlubs better than Matheson, and few contemporary actors can turn stress & strain into a symphony like William Shatner. Included here is the critical element that the '83 film version omitted; Shatner is a mental patient, and if he says anything about what he sees outside his window, guess where he's going back? The simple production design adds to the claustrophobia, and the gremlin design is both cuddly and menacing. And may I say that I wish airplane windows still had curtains?
So, here are my notes–what was going through my head while listening to our pastor. . . .
Extra virgin Olive oil 2 Tbsp
1 sexuality
has left this
“WHAT? FUCK! YOU PUTANO! OF COURSE YOU FUCKING START THE ENGINE!”
I get most emails regarding this topic, and as I have said before: I am not sure what you should prepare for, I can't tell you how to do it, and I am not an expert on it. What I can do is share articles from folks who have specific ideas or suggestions and you may find interesting or helpful. I think we are in for some very troubled times, and me and mine are doing what we can to be prepared for difficulties. Read and decide for yourself if it is worth doing, the what to do, and how to do it. I make no claims nor suggestions, just provide the information I found interesting to you.
He will be missed. Rest in peace.
“They were going to kill them all, so I had to let them out,” 47-year-old Ronald Kasterke told the deputy, according to his arrest report.
this could also be crazy cute with newspaper or graph paper and contrasting thread.
Next up, the postage stamp quilt that I've been working on for quite a while. The patchwork portion has been done for a few months but I've been deliberating about borders and binding, here and here. All those bright flashy colours, and in the end I decided to go with this:
Kindergarten Blue Pod Teachers
When you order a grande and they give you a venti for no extra charge.
I shouldn't have had any beer. I know that it is a depressant. I know that it isn't good for my mood, except in the beginning, when it is and I feel so much lighter than I do when I have to deal with all of the things inside of my head.
I already have the oversize chalkboard that we made for our last house, and I think it would be a great place for me to keep my "to do" lists. Of course, what office would be complete without shelving? And the curtains and pillows for softness.
“In Assassin’s Creed we set up a timeline with this whole end of the world plot in December 2012… That’s fast approaching, and the story we have to tell, we obviously need to do it before we arrive at that point. It would be stupid of us to be centering a game on a semi-reality and then have that conclusion happen after that date in real life…” – Alexandre Amacio, Revelations creative director
God had a plan for the world in which was proclaimed in John 3:16: “This is how much God loved the world: He gave his Son, his one and only Son…so that no one need be destroyed …anyone can have a whole and lasting life.” Jesus knew he needed to develop a plan to carry out his father’s plan.
This is why I’m so opposed to mp3 and mp4 files. It is a hollowed out and unsatisfactory listening experience, especially in this era of cheap stereo equipment.
The lyrics go:
Lest you think he is a “magazine guy”, Andrew has also played guitar in the band Lucky Pierre, built one of the largest skate ramps in Northern California, been a guest lecturer at University of California Berkeley and Columbia University; and currently plays on the semi-pro baseball
Across Nigeria, ordinary citizens have seen little benefit from the country’s tremendous oil wealth, Human Rights Watch said. Maternal mortality rates are among the world’s highest, and poverty rates continue to climb. Nearly 100 million Nigerians – some 60 percent of the population – live on less than a dollar a day, according to a recent Nigerian government study.
The problem has significance at systemic levels, as well. The lack of accurate statistics on birth rates can mean insufficient budgetary allocations for school and social welfare systems. Additionally, municipal planning policies for housing and basic amenities such as water may be skewed by a lack of official housing registrations. And when the government doesn’t have accurate information about the population, employment policies also suffer. This is a particular issue for populations who are vulnerable to employment discrimination, as Roma often are.
"Quack" as a derogatory term for a scammer healer has a long history. The word derives from "quacksalver," a term coined in the 1570s from the Dutch "kwaksalver," literally "hawker of salve," according to Online Etymology Dictionary. The term has versions in German (Quacksalber), Danish (kvaksalver), and Swedish (kvacksalvare).
3. Detroit Lions
Damon Albarn is an English singer-songwriter who gained fame as the lead singer of rock band Blur. Though Blur has not disbanded, of late Albarn has been more active as a member of Gorillaz and The Good, the Bad and the Queen project.
I have a big bottle of Rogue Imperial Stout, also in my kitchen, pending a review later in the week. That is thanks to my superfly Saturday brunch date that convinced me to eat crepes, get my toes painted in January, and then totally derailed me in Cellar Rat. I have a wonderful friend.
The persecution & growing genocide against the Boers & other Afrikaans communities of South Africa has been increasing during the past 15 years which is most manifest in the killing of farmers / the eradication of Afrikaans instruction in educational institutions & the restrictions against them in the employment sector.
Next, this video that my friend Jesse showed me yesterday. The more you watch it, the more you need to keep watching. You're going to think it's dumb at first, but then you're going to need to watch it again. You've been warned.
1/4 cup olive oil (I used McEvoy Ranch EVOO)
C: “What do birds and beetles have to do with anything?”
Gang Green - Older (Roadrunner 1989, promo)
One from Dartmouth now Lee Morralley’s ritual is a good one he always eats 2 packs of peanut M&Ms and polishes off a bottle of orange Lucozade before turning out for Dittisham United and Cornworthy Rovers I am informed that he is a reasonably good player but cannot confirm that myself.
Fox News and MSNBC would have been disappointed, but four professionals actually discussed the often-dicey relationship between higher education and outside vendors on Higher Ed Live with nary an insult, shouting match nor discouraging word. Despite a lack of sensationalism, the result provided a lot of substance, room for understanding and even common ground on what makes for a good college-vendor partnership.
Walk the dogs; walk the children to school; walk to work; take the lift; go for a walk at lunchtime; get outside and get some fresh air, get the sun on your skin and the wind in your hair and remember that we do actually have seasons and that the quality of the light changes throughout the year.
31 Double-click the newly made movie clip on the stage to enter inside it.
Some one rapped at his door. He called out “Avanti!” and he would have been less surprised to see either of those ladies than Paolo with the account he had ordered to be made out. It was a long, pendulous, minutely itemed affair, such as the traveller’s recklessness in candles and firewood comes to in the books of the Continental landlord, and it almost swept the floor when its volume was unrolled. But it was not the sum-total that dismayed Colville when he glanced at the final figure; that, indeed, was not so very great, with all the items; it was the conviction, suddenly flashing upon him, that he had not money enough by him to pay it. His watch, held close to the fire, told him that it was five o’clock; the banks had been closed an hour, and this was Saturday afternoon.
All of which explains why even many staunch Democrats have not talked much about poverty.
Well okay, Chicago, whatever you’d like.
Therefore if you don’t like listening to your healers bitch (the natural evolution of whining), the goal is to remove any obstacles that prevent you from hugging your healers.
Now add the pasta to the simmering sauce, stir for a few minutes, add the remaining basil leaves.
This week I started a six-week course in "Burlesque Pole Dancing" at Shockra Studio with Peekaboo Pointe. I've never gotten on a pole before and Peekaboo made it look so easy and effortless, but it is not. It's all upper body strength and I have about as much upper body strength as the average girl who isn't weight training for something specific which is not enough to get you up two climbs on the pole OR to do the baseball lift. At least I think that was what it was called. The names for the moves were really funny like "the fan kick," "the fireman something", and another hook something or another. Since it was a burlesque pole dancing class, Peekaboo did not show us "stripper aesthetic" like spreading your legs wide open as you come off the pole. In the burlesque aesthetic, you keep your knees together and point your toes and stand up slowly from your waist and look pretty. I liked that! By the end of class, my ankles, knees, and wrists were all bruised. I already bruise easily and I have knobby knees and ankles and boy, the metal pole was NOT gentle. Today I am sore as I expected. It feels like I was working with a personal trainer. It's a good feeling and I can't wait for the next class!
While his superstar ex, 23, also performed and seemed unfazed by the presence of her former flame, Chris’s presence was unacceptable for some of the other celebrity attendees.
We sat on the steps overlooking the fountain, the tower, and the city, and ate another treat we had picked up at Lenotre: Madeleines! Another check off of the list of necessary Parisian snacks, and well worth it. Soft, slightly sweet and slightly lemony, and perfect.
But the man who enters her bedchamber is no stranger. He is Del’s brother and London’s most notorious rake—a man on a rescue mission of his own. Christian is intrigued by the innocent beauty who clearly does not belong in the notorious brothel. And as the two seek out the damning secrets of the club . . .
Sally: Oh, Sweetheart, you shouldn't have done that – you might not think it's so good, but someone might have bought it.
Boy: "uhmmm, I don't know.?."
When I bought this house It had been painted to sell.... muted pastels, creams, neutral tones. all very well but I like a little colour in my life, and for too long there hasnt been enough! I am not going to redecorate with a palette of vivid colours- afterall I want to sell this house again when I can. I shall save redecorating in more vivid colours, the rich colours that I love, for my permanent home, wherever that is and whenever I find it but in the meantime I shall inject a little more colour into my life and into my home here in other ways. Nothing major, just little bursts of colour to lift the spirits.
I was at a concert during their rise to the top.
Our freedom.
Batman and Lara tear open an old coffin and find Superman alive!!! Superman relates some of the back story and how he ends up time-traveling and landing in Smallville, Kansas, 50 years before he landed there as a child. If we're talking about the 1938 landing, it would place him in 1888.
If your link was featured this week, feel free to help yourself to a featured button from my side bar. And now for the top ten!
"I find that the sea inspires me. It levels me...it pulls me in and it drags deep on my soul.
leisurely summer weekends at Long Beach and The Hamptons ...
Watch out, Paris. This crazy American lady has started singing while riding her bike. Somewhere near les Invalides I spontaneuosly began belting out "I have con-fi-dence in confidence a-lone!" a la Julie Andrews. Stay tuned.
Things went back and forth for a while and then Jackson launched a counterattack down the hill, along with the Black Horse Cavalry with J.E.B. Stuart to bowl over the red-legged New York Fire Zouaves supporting Ricketts' Battery of artillery, and then they were able to take those dangerous guns.
As women who had taken synthetic hormones during their youth reached the age of menopause they were confronted with a dilemma: the body that had been medically managed now reasserted itself. Without any experience of the natural rhythms and changes of their wombs they were unable to cope with the stress of the ending of the system of menstruation, which may have become distorted by long years of consumption of artificial hormones.
Okay, so first let me say that A: this is not a cross, and B: I know it really looks like one, but it’s a lowercase t. Seriously. Why lowercase, you ask, when this whole issue could have been avoided by just doing an uppercase T? Because all the other ones in this series are lowercase, alright? Also, I think it’s kind of amusing that it looks like a cross and there happen to be other words on this page like torture and totalitarian. :) Not that I have anything against religion. But it has historically been perverted and used as an excuse for unspeakable acts (i.e. Spanish inquisition). Just sayin’.
I've only been at this for a few months and I remember many blogs I would read when I started out and how much it helped having someone to relate to. It does wonders. Sure, I may only be down 7.4 pounds - but slow and steady wins the race... I will win this race... and you will too. Just keep at it! Holidays are hard... for everyone (I think...?) Myself included. I know if I gain a week or even a few weeks, in the big scheme of things, it will be okay. This is a life long process, I have many, many, MANY more Friday's to weigh in and record a loss. As long as I have more losses than gains, I'll be alright.
Who might enjoy it: Atlus fans. Action RPG fans. Anime fans. "Tales" franchise fans.
80 Thompson St at Spring
now the kitchen tap drips its steady beat, a tree’s
She was swimming lazily through mangrove roots that spidered in all directions, crabs skittering before her into hiding in a deep dense green tidal forest. A baby shark grazed her ankle, sending shivers up and down her spine. She broke out of her reverie and strained her eyes towards her destination.
All day, each minute
bankrupt corporation). We demand the return of all the money you
Life is good my angel-babies. Life is good.
Goodie bags for each pirate.
Barista steams the milk in a way that produces extra foam. Half the drink becomes steamed milk and half of it is milk foam, which is delicious. “Wet” cappuccinos will have more milk than foam and “dry” cappuccinos will be mostly foam. The foam to milk ratio can be felt by the weight of the cup with dry cappuccinos being extremely light.
2 28 oz. cans crushed tomatoes
I hope to see you join us in the EHA Challenge this next 2 weeks! You can use ANY Elisabeth Bell stamp or image! The winner receives their choice of 2 EHA Stamps!!! You can read all about it here. Blessings!
6. BEAUTIFUL SHOW in Taiwan
Next stop Kidsons. I am thinking Cannondale Synapse. Firstly because they seem very reasonably priced, and secondly because there is a model with a matt black frame that is beautiful. These are alloy-framed (carbon forks). The Tiagra model is $1,199 and the 105 model is $1,399 (it has slightly better wheels too.)
Use the code CHRISTMAS at checkout and receive FREE shipping!
The bus rolled down the street, slowing down as it reached his corner. Stay on the ground, Charlie whispered to himself. Stay on the ground.
You talked with love of Normandy
Touch the Sky – Kanye West
2010.08.18 Iraq Tikrit 2 3 Two civilians are blown to bits by a Jihadi bomb.
…But the functionally illiterate former kitchen and polish boy, now President Jacob Zuma, who only learned to read and write from his communist warlord and mass murderer buddy of the Natal Midlands Harry Gwala, whilst they were in prison on Robben Island, reckons that these are indeed isolated incidents. Zuma says Police Brutality cases are isolated incidents
Once I got past everything (which took a while), I was glad to know. It explained my pattern of lifetime weight issues from a young age. Low T didn’t cause my obesity – I definitely ate too much and was too inactive – but it certainly helped kick it up from severe to morbid. It explained why even during periods where I ate very carefully to what were considered normal calorie ranges I could still gain weight without exercise. It explained the moobs even when I was relatively fit. Why I grow a scraggly looking beard and mustache.
That is former Governor of Virginia and former Democratic National Convetion chairman Tim Kaine. Yep, he was campaigning for US senate, so he dropped in to Yoder's for some lunch. How do I even know this kind of information is what my sister in law asked. Well, I think its good to know who your government officials are, even if you don't agree with them. :)
Thanks, if you've managed to stay with me through this very long post that's what I call a 'follower' ha ha!!
In retrospect I should have left and turned the utilities off, informed the landlords I was moving out and left him to deal with his own life from then on out. Why was I so afraid to take back my life my dignity and self respect? Maybe it wasn’t as much fear but shame, shame for doing this to myself and my children, for getting into that situation in the first place, for the financial hole he helped dig me into and for having to crawl back home. I worked up the courage to crawl back home leaving my other half behind to pick up his own pieces while I struggled to do the same. I left on a Monday the day after Father’s Day in 2005 and I felt good, I was determined to get my life put back together and move on and by the end of March 2007 I had my own place again. Those nine and a half years were a de-ja-vu experience for me, it was like living with my father all over again, the verbal and emotional abuse left scars not only on me but on my children as well, but they (my children) are wrong for believing all they are to me is slaves.
One March the gypsies brought with them a novelty from the “sages of Memphis”, a treasure belonging to King Solomon himself. José Arcadio took his son Aureliano to see the wonder. They entered the tent,
You could say that I care too much.
Happy New Year Everyone and hope you had a wonderful evening! We wish you all the best for a happy, healthy and prosperous 2012!
I was seriously getting paranoid for a bit that Karl Rove was trying to keep me from running for office and that he broke Blogger so that none of you could leave comments for me.
Anyone who has read Edward Hall’s work will probably remember that the USA is characterized as a “low-context” culture because we focus largely on what is explicitly expressed in our communication. Just as parents would exhaust themselves trying to expressly forbid every unwanted activity that their daughters or sons might think to do, even a low-context culture cannot construct itself without some shared and unspoken context. Even my mother’s cousin’s belief that anything not expressly forbidden is allowed is an assumption that fails. Why wouldn’t she as easily assume that anything not explicitly allowed is forbidden?
that it's the reason we are here.
And so those of us who ordered digital versions have an installer that just says this when you launch it.
Explore the romance, the passion, and the danger of the most anticipated series of the last twenty years.
1-2 cups sliced strawberries
Dear Hunger Games,
I've seen this idea floating around the blog-o-sphere since the new year and this week KLove was talking about it too. I've been thinking about my word for a couple of weeks and I finally had the word come to me the other day.
Oh and there were some fantastic lines and moments - the attempted poisoning of the Doctor and his "de-tox" - completed with Donna's idea of a shock (I don't think I'd recover from that though...well done, Doctor...!). My personal favourite was the Doctor's "You always fool me. Well, several times, Well, once or twice. Well, once. But it was a good once..." Says a lot about the way I read her novels...
Now these are the kind of stories we should be reading and hearing about instead of all the negatives things we have no control over. These uplifting stories display the goodness that lies in the human heart. Giving selflessly is one of the greatest rewards in life.
Incidentally, I always decorate with a vase of tulips nearby. Don't you?! ;-)
Having to elude
NORTH CAROLINA STATE CONSTITUTION
Probably involving a political scandal of the eighties. Could however be geopolitical hard porn. If I go further I may be charged with sedition.
Never before in this universe has any world risen out of entrenched darkness with such speed or had such monumental assistance from myriad light sources. Never before have so many highly evolved souls come from other civilizations to participate in a world’s spiritual revival. You are making universal history!
Anyways. It has been a month now since her birthday and oh what a field of emotions that have ensued since. I am just now getting to put up the pictures of her birthday. It was a beautiful night, and just how I had hoped. An elegant promising proud evening to honor our daughter, our first born whom we are so proud of and raised to this age.
to give us a little perspective for when the time comes that we have to move.
You really aren’t afraid, are you?
Since I have not figured out how to have you upload your own photos, I will have you email your entries to me at anjisantics@gmail.com
Toss thoroughly to coat evenly. A tong is perfect tool for this job. Or use chopsticks.
I've tried to rationalize it away. It could have been hunger, it could have been exhaustion, hell, it could have been food poisoning. But it was unlike anything I've ever been aware of, before or since.
Nope. Nothing in the computer. After being asked several times if I am SURE that I don't have a gift receipt and if the person who bought it has the receipt, I am told that I can ask the person for their credit card and they could look it up that way but if they paid cash, I'm out of luck. Like I would never think to ASK for a receipt. I'm burning with anger as I walk back to my car with this @#*& toy!
LOTV (Liver&Onions TV): Do we really have to explain? Blech
The car has three wheels, making it eligible for most carpool lanes(HOV), even with only one person in the vehicle. It also has "two plus one" seating offering ample room for driver and passenger while an infant seat (for newborns to age three) can be located in the middle behind them. Storage room is also generous with enough space to fit 15 bags of groceries, two full-size golf club bags or even a couple of seven foot surf boards with the infant seat removed. Solar cells embedded under the roof operate an always-on climate control system, ensuring the interior never gets too hot or too cold. The dashboard display and info-entertainment system is controlled by an in-vehicle computer, which also controls the "Eyes Forward" vision system which gives the driver complete situational awareness without taking their eyes off of the road. And yes, it also comes with an Advanced drive computer with GPS navigation, CD/MP3/DVD player and XM satellite radio!!
You can see it from the outside here - but sadly, it was closed when we went, so no photos from the inside. (People finding this post through Google, you may wish to note that La Piscine museum in Roubaix is only open in the afternoon.) We'll go back one day...
Let's be gentle on ourselves today and always. Forgive yourself for not sewing those curtains or mailing that letter, or mending that shirt, or sending that Donna Hay cook book or...or...or...
And I feel stupid
I already told you how much I loved Harry Potter & The Sorcerer’s Stone, but what profoundly affected me was how much J.K. Rowling matured her characters from book to book, as if they were real people growing up. The Order of the Phoenix absolutely and profoundly affected me at the end, when Harry and Dumbledore have their coming-of-age discussion. It was hard to read the words through my tears. The same is true of the end of The Half Blood Prince and the last couple of chapters of The Deathly Hallows. Amazing.
And yes, a blister popped on the right hand 4th finger, too.
A 6year old girl from Vereeniging stayed with her father's corpse for 10 hours after he was killed by attackers who broke into their home in the three rivers area.
1 discernin'
It makes me very sad to realize
Joyce Hwang
It’s Sunday afternoon, April 29, 2012. I just finished mowing my dad’s grass since he is unable to care for his yard any longer. I started with the back yard just as he would have done, close to the house, beside the patio, next to the birdbaths where I had seen the female northern cardinal waiting and trusting two days ago on Friday.
To maintain my Manly Man reputation, I will lead you to believe that celebrating Valentine’s Day, well, it’s mushy. The whole kiss thing, lovey dovey stuff seems artificially elevated for one day in February.
DVD Bonus Features:
Keep your head up and you may not have to keep it down.
I've been posting my latest book chapter by chapter as I write it, and I've found this very useful. The critters have pointed out a number of things that have saved me lots of further effort down the line if I had waited to post only after completing the book. People seem to be enjoying this book far more than my first, perhaps because thrillers are more popular than Tolkienesque fantasy, but also perhaps because I am a slightly better writer the second time around.
7. Christmas morning, everyone awakes anxious to see what Santa has left. Once all the stockings have been torn apart, we sit down for a filling Christmas breakfast, consisting of a breakfast casserole, sweet bread and fruit salad. When breakfast is cleared and the kitchen is clean we return to the family room to exchange and open gifts. Mark's side of our family joins us in the afternoon to exchange and open more gifts. Then with both sides of our family joining us in our home we sit down to a beautiful Christmas dinner.
Heat a medium-sized pot of water to boil, then add the sunchokes. Boil for approximately 20 minutes or until fork-tender. When the sunchokes are cooked, drain them and transfer to the bowl of a food processor. Pulse the sunchokes briefly, then drizzle in the milk and one tablespoon of olive oil. Pulse again and taste, adding pepper and a little salt. Then process until the sunchokes are silky in texture, like mashed potatoes without the lumps.
The second Karen Rose Baltimore romance suspense (see You Belong To Me) is an action-packed thriller from the opening homicide until the final confrontation. The romantic subplot between the passionate P.I. and the pragmatic ADA is deftly handled to simmer before boiling over while the investigation takes front and center. Well written, sub-genre readers will enjoy this twisting tale
Thank you to the DT, customers and all taking part in the blog hop.
12. Swordfighting
I acted in self-defense and I want him (her, they, etc.) arrested."
Like the previous two anime, this one will be just as bad, if not worse, than Haruhi. Here’s the lowdown:
Ahhhh... that was a nice mental vacation. Now back to reality. Laundry calls.
Level 4: Recovers 40 HP and 12 MP every 4 seconds.
"I'd like to show you a Witnessing, if I may?" He got to his feet, almost stumbling as he rose, and approached the bars. "Though you'll probably not believe it when you see it."
The following is a treatment that can not only help get rid of your scalp issues but help you keep your scalp healthier overall. A happy scalp leads to less headaches, faster growth, and better hair.
I will love you all the more if you RETWEET. FOR THE LOVE OF BOOKS, PLEASE RETWEET/SHARE ON FACEBOOK.
While some of his generalized claims about the future Augmented City such as the complete screenification of built space or the becoming networked screen of every object may appear exaggerated, ultra-thin and malleable OLED screens are well under way; and RFID enabled metro cards used by millions of urban commuters may very soon be equipped with such screens. But the reason why Manovich’s article still matters today (or even matters more than ever) is not because of the accuracy of his speculations, but because he points to the close symbiotic relationship between cellspace (personalized access of data) and surveillance (gathering of personal data) – a concern that now, 10 years later, is being voiced by many former advocates of wirelessness.
I seriously LOVE this fabric - so many sweet prints make it very difficult to pick a favorite. It's fat eighths of Pam Kitty Morning - YUMMY! I have a project idea so I'm hoping to start cutting this week. Blissful sigh!
Finding book apps for kids
Judith Thompson playwright, director, actor, screenwriter, professor of theatre, is the author of fifteen plays including The Crackwalker, Lion in the Streets, and Palace of the End; her plays have been translated into many languages and are performed all over the world. She has written two feature films, Lost and Delirious and Perfect Pie, and numerous radio dramas. She is an Officer of the Order of Canada and has won two Governor General’s Awards, a Dora, a Toronto Arts Award, the Jean Gascon-Thomas Award, as well as the Susan Smith Blackburn Award for best play by a woman writing in English in the World (for Palace of the End) and the Amnesty International Freedom of Expression Award. She lives in Toronto with her husband and five children and two dogs and three cats.
When I saw Bella's post earlier this week ("I got nuthin"), I smiled and nodded my head in agreement. I feel the same way - like the tank is empty. I'm just out of ideas...out of inspiration.
I hope more "unhoarding" days are in our future!
MEZAIK
For more see:
What’s more, I was also getting reports that Okrilla wasn’t allowing non-orcs into the outpost at all. Turns out that was kind of an exaggeration, other Horde races are free to go there, but from what I saw when I was there, any tauren or trolls or whatever that happen by definitely get a lot cooler reception than orcs. And so…again…I’m all for orc pride. Totally down with that. And yeah, I might have gotten a complaint or two about my decision to restrict Orgrimmar’s main residential areas to orcs and tauren, but here’s the difference. That was a tactical decision about the defense of the city. Yeah, bitch all you want about the undead or blood elves not having their own houses there anymore or whatever, but I’m still not trying to stop them from COMING to the fucking city. Some blood elf wants to come in and do some business, see a trainer, use the portals, pick up a few assignments for jobs in the outlying zones, just hang out with some friends, whatever, great, have at it. Unless he’s Johnny Awesome. Then, fuck him. But anyway.
GHS was also an extremely pushy school. It was all about its position in the league tables. The school’s motto was “As One That Serveth”. This epitomises the teachers’attitude – rather than what the school could do for us, the point was what we could do for the school in terms of exam results.
Since the Italian magazine Blow Up unveiled this hidden part of our history in the biggest possible way by headlining the article that they ran about VDO a few issues back with this info (a .pdf scan of the article with some personal annotations via the Italian friend of ours that initially scanned this for us can be had here ) we're now making available four 30 second samples of our work as Dirty South gangsta rap producers during this time (we'd offer whole tracks, but we're contractually bound from doing that), though it seems worth putting these out there now just to see how much amusement, confusion and shattered illusions we can generate with one gesture! You can check out what VDO hip hop sounds like here
I'm turning into a geo-nut.
Two days ago, Kelly and Nathan arrived, bringing with them the laughter and chatter that always accompanies our time together. We've talked and talked, as we always do, about life and families, about work and food, about reading. About writing.
Bottom Line: $22 is not exactly cheap for a bottle of nail polish. However, Dior has a nice range of unique shades to choose from and the formula is quite stellar. If you are on a budget, definitely check out Exquix. For those looking to splurge, this holiday collection is a great place to start.
For lunch, we all bundled into the car and headed up to Carrickfergus (Col’s home town) to meet my sister for lunch. We settled on Dobbins, a small pub in the town centre, it’s quaint and small, with low arching ceilings and brick walls. The food was delicious (Col had fish’n'chips, Rowan had a chicken burger and I had the roast of the day, three of us had starters, the four of us had pints of fizzy juice and it came to £45 total – not bad going at all.
"Ah, yes.." he finally continued. "the third school is Galbaria."
Take a breath, enjoy the joyful moments of each day, and remember you don’t have to be perfect to be the perfect parent.
Wow, this marriage has really gone to shit over the last few years, hasn't it? It's like we can't even talk anymore. You're always going off to start fights you can't explain. Meanwhile, I'm stuck here at home trying to pay off all your debts.
Angela, here today to bring you our newest challenge. It's my turn to host the challenge and I wanted to try to keep it pretty simple. So I decided to go with one of my favorite things..3-D Embellishments.
And if you have never heard of Ninotchka and the title has you bewildered in terms of pronunciation, no worries. By the end of the picture you too will be shouting “Ninotchka, Ninotchka, Ninotchka!” and possibly asking your significant other to “salute”.
1) Pre-heat oven to 200C.
And Texas
Last night was a nightmare for us! After a good day at work, Gerard left me the car at the bus stop so I wouldn't have to walk in the rain. He and Abby welcomed me home at the bus stop and continued on their evening walk while I drove on home. I had an uneasy feeling and prayed that they would both get home safely. Well, that didn't happen!
04 My Companjera
I used to say "No promises,
Today the New York Times published a feature about Diedricksen and his tiny homes, along with a slideshow of his work. It's called "The $200 Microhouse" and it's an inspiring read. It's amazing what Diedricksen can do with a few packing crates and a front-loading washing machine.
I cannot eat
2.) Sodom was destroyed for inhospitality and its maltreatment of the poor. Not because of homosexuality. The crime in Sodom was attempted rape — not homosexuality.
A little peak of the powder room
Bells and whistles are abundant in the digital age, but if they aren’t supported by relevant content, attention spans will be short. This is especially true in media outreach, where the best way to make news is still to do something that is newsworthy.
… I asked:
After work yesterday I enjoyed another great commute. Once I arrived home, and unloaded my work things Shauna and I headed out to catch a class at Goodlife. I had done a little research earlier in the day as to which classes were offered at what time and at which location, so when we realized we could make a 5:30 class we headed out to the Joseph Howe Goodlife for Zumba. We barely made it to the gym in time and we realize that we were in for something a little more intense than Zumba. My memory was a little foggy on the schedule, so BodyCombat came as a bit of a surprise.
“We are not the one rushing it (protest). They are the one rushing to hold elections when the mandate only ends in 2013.
* New audience on which to called – not yet comfortable
this headache
who is Jesus Christ?
I have to admit… this beer surprised me. I thought it was going to be too light without enough flavor. It is just the opposite, though… it is a great blend of amber ale and light lager. It has enough character to have solid flavor from nose to finish and is super easy to drink. It is a little light on the ABV front coming in at 5.2%, but that is ok… this is a great drink that you will keep going back from at the game, at home, wherever you might be.
full coats on about half of the shutters that day (I was doing a lot of maneuvering of junk in the garage to paint in there) and the other half got their third coat the next morning. I made sure to finish the porch shutters the night before so I could get those back on the house the next morning. Here’s
“We always came to Boscastle for our family holidays and Dad loved Cornwall a great deal,” adds Dominic. “We first moved to the coast and then onto the moors where Dad took a keen interest in the archaeology of the area. He spent a lot of the last 10 years of his life sculpting and riding his faithful horse Jack, and he was (by his own choice) buried on the farm in a beautiful spot overlooking the moors.”
I can't say I'm terribly surprised that the debt-reducation "super-committee" did not accomplish their task. Congress, whether as a complete body, the house, the senate, committees, subcommittees, or super committees, have been completely unable to accomplish anything substantial in the past couple of years, especially with regard to the the debt and deficit, and tax policy.
Tinsley Mortimer’s reality show, “High Society,” debuted last night on the CW network — but not everyone in her family is thrilled about it.
Once you peruse the Blurb site and see what is on offer, you are invited to download Booksmart (TM) and try out the software. It takes a minute or two to download to your PC or MAC and there are plenty of tutorials to also view on line before you dive in.
CD Album: God with us can be downloaded here:
We really appreciated the help last time. We were sooooo grateful. Mama was so crazy with wondering how to survive. And we were blessed. Really blessed. There are some really great bloggers out here! Just imagine. No, just know. Cat (and woofie) bloggers ROCK.
Adidas, the brand was founded in 1949 and is named after the founder – Adolf Dassler. The brand is dedicated to performance and many sport legends wear them. The company has been a pioneer in the sports world at all levels for more than 80 years. It manufactures footwear, accessories and apparel. Today, this group is leading the sports goods field and offers a broad spectrum of products. These products are known for their performance and comfort. This German brand has also expanded into bags, eyewear and watches.
Now other changes in quests:
I understand what is intended here–but I think it’s the wrong way of going about it. Universality is the kind of designation that may have a clear definition–but which also has a very unclear path towards its achievement. To point this out–let me reference a super insightful xkcd comic about Zombie Marie Curie…
As the full moon approached on September 4, 1588, the witches sprang into action. Assembling at the two stone circles they first called the element Fire. At Callanish the witches assembled in the center of the stone circle. Their apprentices and servants surrounded them with a ring of fire. This circle of fire they were to tend till the next full moon in October. The witches were to remain in the circle till the threat was gone and they would have one full moon cycle to accomplish their work. On Orkney at the Ring of Brodgar the fire was placed in the center of the circle. The witches danced around the fire. Their dance lasted till the next full moon in October. Many of the witches participating in this Nature work perished as they expended their life forces and cast their spirits to the four elements for it was their will, passion and life force that commanded the elements and drove the storm.
For night travel, there are various accommodation types on night trains – from shared bunks to a private room of your own. Of course, if you prefer to save cost, you can always sleep on the seats – not very comfortable though.
Now about that “virtual tasting”…
And speaking of desks, I have also had my eye on a small parsons-style desk for our living room. I love the simple, sleek style (not too mention, how great would it look with a ghost chair?!). But the West Elm version (even at $299) is out of my price range. I'm a bargain shopping, thrifter! Here is a cheaper version from homedecorators.com (it also got good reviews!). I would recommend the white.
The hotel, which is where Sir Peter Ustinov filmed Lady L starring Sophia Loren and David Niven, also played a major role in my life when I returned to Switzerland after caring for my mother while she was dying from brain cancer. People react to grief in different ways. After months of feeling utterly and completely helpless in the face of death, I lost the joy in being alive. Fortunately, Stephane proposed that we join the health club at the Montreux Palace as a way of bringing me slowly back to myself.
2011 Backstage (10th)
I’d like to say that my story continues with my dazzling ascent into ballet stardom, but it does not. Despite continuing to take dance classes for the last eleven years, I remain an amateur. I began too late to develop the necessary musculature and flexibility required for professional work. However, that did not keep me from developing a passion for ballet, and, later, other forms of dance. I intend to keep on dancing, for myself, if not for the public. If I could go back in time, I’d tell my 6th grade self that I did, in fact, become a ballerina.
Can sniffing guy be trusted alone with my laptop?
Mahabharat offers a variety of characters whom we in this present world could relate to and I would be trying to give my own understanding of the characters as time goes on, hoping to find some answers myself too in the process. Additional to that I can say Business Sutra reignited my interest for it providing a different perspective and a deep insight into Mahabharat. I enjoy the Business Sutra very much started on CNBCTV18 in which Devdutt Pattanaik talks about mythology. I can honestly say that it is a delightful experience listening to him. I have rarely seen someone describe and enlighten people about Indian manuscripts and old age text like he does and use it in terms of management.
Dr. Kevin Shrum has been in ministry for 29 years, currently pastors Inglewood Baptist Church in Nashville, Tennessee, and is an Adjunct Professor of Theology for Union University in Jackson, Tennessee.
You will go home with a professionally decorated wedding cake valued at over $600. The skills that you learn in this class can be applied to all of your future cake endeavours including smaller and larger cakes. basic knowledge of working with fondant is required for this class. The new techniques that you will learn in this class will help you gain confidence in achieving consistent, professional, perfect results.
You will need:
6. Colored Pencils – Set of 12 in a Wooden Tube Simple is good. To me it seems that the more different colors and media, the more mess on the floor, behind couch pillows, and on the walls. This is small and self-contained, plus soft to the eye and hand.
Metabolic Resistance Training
What piece is your favorite?
Haven't I said before that the mother-daughter relationship is the most complicated one ever?
To me there is something attractive about that notion, staying young, not having real responsibilities, just being free to do what you want, and when you want.
- Kimi Kiss: Pure Rouge (i really don’t like how kouichi and mao end up in the story. but it was a great anime.)
You can still join in the challenge at any time during the month. Links to all of the completed skirts are on the sidebar.
7 Pea Vine Blues
John E. McIntyre, at You Don’t Say, wonders “why anyone would want to ban words in the first place. Yes, for editorial purposes a little Amish shunning seems apt, but not obliterating them from the language. Besides, the language attends to itself.”
½ cut butterscotch chips
On my recent visit to New York City, I wanted to visit Eataly, the new Italian market and eatery which many have raved about. Eataly is a partnership between Oscar Farinetti, Mario Batali, Lidia Bastianich and Joe Bastianich, and aims to be a extensive market with several restaurants where you can dine on Italian specialties. The main complaint I have heard is that it gets too crowded, but on my Tuesday morning visit, that was not a problem at all. I was able to freely wander around, checking out everything without having to maneuver through a throng of people.
Consult with your fairy-believer as to what looks best.
Chicken Stock, Powdered
My husband also spoke with his parents, and they are allowing us to stay at their house over the summer while we get our grown up lives together.
Cheese sauce (tried and tested and handed down through at least three generations)
As I slowly processed each word........
Here’s a scenario: Should the lad ask the lassie for her hand in wedlock even though he’s fair certain that her da willna grant his blessin? His fellow clansmen propose the Taghairm, he agrees, and the ritual begins.
I never really crave steak. It's one of those foods that I don't constantly think about having, but when I have a great one I would truly enjoy it and think about why I never think of having things like that.
Souls realize that in god’s eyes the willful sty is life-spans wide and
We all have those places in our hearts, don’t we? Hidden attitudes. Hidden sins. Hidden hurts. And we’ll never be healthy and whole until we start to open those areas up to Jesus.
First off, this isn’t my note but I read it and deemed it fit to share. Please go ahead and read as this is one of the most articulate pieces of its kind.
I’m a fan of lee min jung…hihi…n kwang soo sure giving his best…lot of funny part happen because of him…^^
On Galaxy, the question is, there’s a 12.7% stake that Permira holds… will it all be sold? I very much doubt it for two reasons. 1) it’s still a good investment as the report by DB shows. 2) The market volumes are not good enough as the Permira stake represents roughly HK$10 bn, and the highest volume day was on September 2nd (due to a massive chunk sale), for HK$6.1 bn and recent volumes are at best 10% of that at HK$650 mn. The September sale also forced a 6.2% drop in market value overnight (close-to-open basis), although the market was slightly less exuberant back then if you remember. Scaling it back a little, and saying a 25% (3.2% of market cap) reduction in the Permira stake, would if proportional to the September 2nd sale alone reduce the value of the stock by 2.5%, but factoring in better earnings prospects, positive technicals and market environment this could all fade, or if it’s significant at all given intra-day swings. Rule of thumb: 0.8 multiplied by the stake sold is the initial value depreciation on this basis, but then again, any back-door dealings are difficult to estimate so don’t make any bets just yet. Keep in mind though on the relevance of the “last sale move analog” application: Today’s swing was 6.8% of the opening price and 7.1% of close! The last two weeks have had a daily range that was 4.13% of the closing value on average.
My daughter (who is determined to be in this email because she must be just like her brother) wants to know how fast a rocket ship has to move to get her to the moon.Seven miles per second. That's the Earth's escape velocity, and the energy required to escape its gravity well...any slower and you'll fall back to Earth.
When Tumbudu died, the chieftainship was given to his son called Nemango, who ruled his people as his father had done. His eldest son was called Tingini.
The reason Rather was readily impeached on his bias, was for one reason: his (unprofessional) bias.
Eric Burdon - vocals
When I think of the word "bittersweet," examples easily come to mind that convey more than just regret or suffering in the face of happiness, more than unexpected complexity. But no one is safe from its call, so intertwined it is with the drama of living. Perhaps, though we don't like to admit it, the bittersweet is prized like nutmeg in the early days of the American colonies. Draped around one's neck, whether exposed like a status symbol, or hidden beneath layers of cloth and held, it is something we need to keep close. Perhaps not so much a sign of cosmopolitanism, but of the pitfalls of living life fully--a mantel of pride nonetheless.
Maybe I will worry a little less and appreciate a little more. Maybe our home lives are less about politics and more about priorities, and people, and reality and even....happiness. (But not always happiness. Because part of me thinks that maybe they were happier because they weren't always expecting life to BE HAPPY. They knew that sometimes bad stuff was part of it.)
But there is a remedy provided by the God of grace. Jesus Christ died for our sin. He shed His sinless blood as full payment for the sins of the world and by grace through faith you may be declared righteous.
I did get a call from his teacher apologizing for being out…obviously I don’t feel an apology is needed. Sometimes things happen and we have to learn how to help him cope.
A week or so ago IP Finance reviewed a Scottish decision on assessment of damages inflicted on a brand ("Damages for damaging a brand: Tullis Russell v Inveresk", here). Now here's news of another brand damages assessment exercise, this time from England and Wales, in National Guild of Removers & Storers Ltd v Silveria (t/a C S Movers) [2010] EWPCC 15 (12 November 2010), a Patents County Court decision of Judge Birss QC.
► This past weekend I was at the farmer's market selling bread and wandered over to another vendor who was selling plants. I ended up spending $19 on flowers that would have cost me $48 in the store or garden center. It was a church that was selling plants as a fundraiser. So make sure you check out those little plant sales you see by the side of the road. You never know when you will save money.
So for those writers that read this, the next time you go out I want you to try this, and see if it helps you. It doesn’t matter what you get, it could just be observing that lonely man in the corner, because you never know, that could be a good start to your next story.
A Sparta, Michigan man is under arrest at the Kent County Jail for allegedly breaking into a neighbor's home while he was wearing a woman's bra and boxer shorts.
Congrats, please email me your choice of three images and you are invited to be our guest designer for next weeks challenge!
Smile and Wave has a new home! I've transferred all of the posts from this year to Typepad and plan on bringing the rest over later this week or next for easy access and to keep the feeling of a substantial blog intact. I've still got some unpacking to do in my new space but it feels good to have a fresh, new look.
“High unemployment means a very dissatisfied electorate and makes it difficult to get stuff done,” said Padhraic Garvey, head of developed market debt at ING Groep NV in Amsterdam. “It makes it significantly more difficult to pass austerity measures and exacerbates a difficult situation.”
Our new year has begun with losses already. A friend's Dad passed away and Sunday we learned that a good friend who had moved to Kentucky passed away from a heart attack! Greg was such a fun, happy guy who would do anything for you! I feel so bad.... and now, one of my special friends is waiting and watching her mother pass away, she is in hospice and they keep telling her that she won't make it through the day... it's going on day three and Hope is just beside herself. She has asked me to make the memorial board... it's an honor, but one that I don't enjoy doing. So I've started making sympathy cards... looks like I'll need a few....
Speaking of the necessity to cultivate hope Brazilian educator Paulo Freire reminds us: "The struggle for hope means the denunciation, in no uncertain terms of all abuses... As we denounce them we awaken in others the need, and also the taste for hope." Our hopefulness empowers us to continue our work for justice. As teachers we enter all opportunities with our students and the community with hope. Freire contends: "Whatever perspective through which we appreciate authentic educational practice-it's process implies hope."
Deposit to secure your seat: $476.25. Get in fast to secure your spot. We have a limited number of seats available.
When Kamel walked in the door he called out, "Lauren! Lauren?" and I mumbled, "In here," with the comforter up around my mouth and my eyes fixed to the screen.
There is food, dumped inelegantly around the room like slop in a trough. The fluorescent glare, bright industrial paint job, too-loud bad DJ, and zero seating all say, "we have your money, suckers. Now drink up and go." Attendees aren't treated like valued guests, they're treated like cattle entering the abattoir.
I also think I must see Ray Davies because he is Ray Davies of the Fucking Kinks.
Lots of crafty-ness going on. Let's check out the Crafty bloggers and see what they're up to this week....
“I do allow myself a quip or two once the case is closed,” she admitted, with what came perilously close to a twinkle in the sparkling green eyes framed beneath perfectly arched brows.
My door dragon is only three socks long, since my door is narrow. But for a standard-width door, you will need to make the dragon four socks long.
So, what really occurred on Election Day in 2008 was that a majority of voters, guided by an adoring mainstream press, elected an enigma. He rewarded their obsequiousness by being the first President since Grover Cleveland to not attend their annual Gridiron dinner.
One of the most irresponsible and universal tricks in the advertising toolkit is what I call "arguing from the extreme." You take the most extreme, unlikely case of something and use it as an example of what you pretend is commonplace.
Every. Last. Turd!
Given that Pabst is a purely market-driven phenomenon (don't believe me?--do a blind tasting and see if you can distinguish it from other national macropilsners), packaging a beer to appeal to the highbrow-averse was a stroke of brilliance. Stubbies died out when the last of the regionals were snapped up, and now the only odd-sized bottles are in collections. Session has the distinction of being totally retro and ultramodern simultaneously.
When I decided to take my grandparents to Le Tassili on Rue Amiral Mouchez in the 14ème arrondissement, around the corner from my dorm, I had big blogging plans.
It looks like two of our best friends -another set that only comes along once or twice in a lifetime- are coming home to Portland from The Netherlands the same time we are moving there. Which, I admit, I cried a little out of excitement at the thought of being able to live near them again and being able to watch our kids grow up together (no pressure Natalie but you better be coming home...lol).
Moorcock's story would not work without Jungian psychology being utilized to develop Glogauer's character. He feels "real" because his foibles, his little triumphs, and his despairs are described so well that readers may find themselves being reminded of their own histories. Add to this a narrative that flows almost seamlessly from the "past" and "present" and the story works because it does not get bogged down in the mechanics of the time travel or the nature of the conflicts within Glogauer. While some perhaps would have loved more elaboration, such would only serve to weaken the story with unnecessary digressions; the story works toward an iconic moment and that moment is largely realized because there is no extraneous detail or explanation.
Me and Mindy at the end of the event!
Look, here's who to trust: THE PUBLISHERS WHOSE WORK YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE ON BOOKSTORE SHELVES, AND AT WAL-MART, AND AT CVS, AND IN LIBRARIES.
But I am glad I did it!
This book, as the name implies, is a “cookbook” in that it gives “recipes” for how to do certain tasks. Just as an actual cookbook presupposes certain knowledge (that you know how to operate an oven; the difference between certain measuring units, etc.) this book tends to start with the assumption that you already have a grasp of how to set up FreeSWITCH, but you may need examples of the configuration necessary to perform certain tasks. And, that’s what this book gives you. The idea, I think, is that if even one of the “recipes” saves you a couple of hours of head-scratching and trying to figure out how to do something, then that justifies the cost of the book.
AND now, there is a newly improved product on the market. It is the app Storia, which has been updated to be able to have access to the Scholastic ebook store! Here are the specifics from the App Store:
In this regard, most discussions of why women don’t participate in something or other tend to follow the same three-step outline:
The day of a complication free body will come in Heaven when Grady meets his heavenily father someday, where Down Syndrome won’t be gone but his body will be free of any impediments. There his Speech will allow him to sing a sweet song and he will sit at the feet of Jesus and in the clearest voice, giving Thanks and Praise. Melodic faithfulness.
The fact is, Humans are complex.. There should be NO standards!
Meanwhile, in a large skillet, cook the onion and hamburger over medium heat. Stir in the chili powder. When the meat is done, add the drained kidney beans and the diced tomato sauce to the skillet and mix together.
According to the police report, around 2:47 a.m., 28-year-old Jessica White approached the 19-year-old girl after the girl’s dog pooped in her yard on Sudbury Drive.
Po meets Pod in August when both are members of the Denton High School marching band. That same month, MTV debuts on cable television. Pod and Po remain only acquaintances for years. MTV slowly devolves into something that has little to do with music.
Johannesburg - A Metrorail train, travelling between Johannesburg and Pretoria, was set alight on Thursday night, Passenger Rail Agency of SA said.
Although she had never sat down to teach me how to do a tricky calculation, she taught me the lessons of life. She taught me how could I be a good mother to my kids.
The dogs need to have a walk whatever the weather is doing, so we decided, in for a penny, if we were going to get wet, we might as well get wet somewhere nice.
I see an ocean
You would never have heard the same answer from me, at any point during my school career. Gym was difficult, frustrating, humiliating. It most certainly was not fun.
On Saturday evening, the FDNY put out a small fire in the basement of the three-quarter house, at 144-01 Lakewood Ave., which just two weeks ago was the subject of a TimesLedger Newspapers article about a class-action lawsuit against the building’s landlord, Yury Baumblit.
Weekends are really just not enough to do all these (especially when you only get half of Saturday off from work). But what really gets me depressed is the fact that I only have one night's sleep separating me from another thankless week at work. When I was younger, I felt the same way about school. I think that's why I always end up sleeping very late Sunday nights—you know, trying to keep Monday morning at bay. Because when you sleep, you don't feel time passing and next thing you know it's Monday. How juvenile can one get, right?
Rodenticides are an important part of rodent control, especially when combined with other components of Integrated Pest Management such as exclusion and sanitation. These changes will allow us to keep this valuable tool, but also keep children, pets and wildlife safe from unintended exposure.
I drove back to my shop, and was feeling quite sad. After seeing Rob’s pictures, I realized just how sad it all was. How do you get to the point that you decide to take your own life? I’d been through some pretty horrible times, but throughout it all – there was never a day that I didn’t want to wake up and see another day. It is very difficult to put yourself in someone’s shoes who is suicidal or having suicidal thoughts when you don’t and never have had those kinds of feelings/thoughts. It is probably THE most difficult thing for anyone to be able to do when counselling someone who is suicidal, but they receive training so to speak.
I came away with a new focus and head spinning with fresh ideas about how I could work differently, tell stories better, and operate a stronger business. So yes, the cost of these workshops can be high upfront, but if you want your work to get better, you have to make the effort. Invest in yourself. If you aren’t willing to, who will be?
82. He officially became maknae in EXO-K.
In my view, they belong to themselves but when they're very young, parents are their guardians precisely because - unlike the state - we have a natural, instinctive, loving bond with our children. We know them from birth, we spend the most time with them and we are therefore best placed to make decisions with them and on their behalf. The cold, impersonal, self-serving machine of state should be a parent of last, not first resort and the law properly reflects this.
D: "Banana." (snicker)
what is the cult of positivity, you ask? well, it is but one of the symptoms of western civilisation's malaise: that utterly ridiculous belief that Things Have A Meaning. like fuck they do. the acolytes of the cult of positivity also believe that Everything Happens For A Reason and that Each One Of Us Has A Path. what i say to this, is give me a goddamn break. things often have no meaning. life is random. shit happens and, if we are really good at this sort of thing, we can try to make a reason out of it. we wander mapless and if there is a path, it is one made by us, not some random sky-fairy. and please, for the love of the god in whom i most emphatically fail to believe, do not tell me that an 8 year old's aggressive leukaemia diagnosis is some sort of a learning path for either her or her parents. if i have to believe in god, then a god who would let this happen just to Make Us Stronger And Better People is a complete asshole and can go to hell.
But in the end, none of that mattered. The Clippers showed that basketball is truly a “game of runs”, even runs of unseen proportions. They closed the game on a 28-3 run. I had a feeling that when Memphis jumped out to a big lead early, Los Angeles still had a chance. They have a lot of players who can come off the bench and provide instant offense. Guys like Young, Mo Williams, and Randy Foye have been pretty consistent all season. Eventually the Clippers caught the Grizzlies and ended up winning the game.
If these techniques can be honed further, it’ll be fascinating to see what can eventually be achieved with the other half-dozen Pertwee serials deserving the same kind of attention. It remains to be seen what exactly can be done, as the materials with which to work apparently vary from story to story, and, of course, money is always an issue. Yet this is a huge step forward, not just for the Doctor Who DVD range, but for vintage TV (particularly of the BBC kind) in general. There’s so much vintage TV that’s released on DVD these days, and a great deal of it doesn’t get the attention it deserves. As much as I love “Doctor Who,” it’s a real pleasure to view and review the series on DVD, as there are people behind the scenes working overtime to make this material the best it can possibly be, and far more often than not they succeed. If only the classic series weren’t so niche, other DVD producers might take note of what’s happening with this range and adopt the same strategies. It pays off in the long run to do right by shows with a fervent fan base.
I tossed the still warm donuts in vanilla and lavender sugar. Both can be made in advance to infuse the sugar and I keep it ready to be used in my pantry. Just mix up some lavender and caster sugar and keep in a jar. Sometimes the lavender itself can be a bit overpowering so just sift he sugar to remove the lavender flowers and just work with the fragrant sugar. To make the vanilla sugar scrape out the seeds of some vanilla beans and mix with the sugar. Keep in a jar with the pods. Alternatively use plain caster sugar, it's still delicious!
Lasher introduces them to his new girlfriend, Monica, who is intrigued when William tells her he was in prison. 'You have?" she asks. "For pot or pacifism?" To which Lasher responds, "Neither. William killed a woman. I've told you about him."
- Individuals living at or below the poverty line were eligible for healthcare under Medicaid, but by 2014 individuals/families living slightly above (making up to $14,404/$29,327) the poverty line will also be eligible for benefits
...and it was fun!!
Today, she'll find the boy who broke Dinah.
UPDATE: If you clicked through my visuals at the link above, you may have noticed those of Robert Tannen's installation, Art by Committee, starting here. In this piece, visitors were invited to contribute to murals being painted on huge swaths of fabric hung on the interior walls of the Art House on the Levee, which swaths were replaced whenever full so as to make space for more contributions. I just got word that the resulting murals will be exhibited at Ideal Auto Repair Warehouse, 422 Girod St. in New Orleans, opening Sat., Jan. 14, 6 - 9PM. Let me know if you spot my contribution.
Fact: I love vegetables. When I go to a restaurant, I usually order something meatless like a portabella mushroom sandwich, a spinach salad, or a broccoli and pepper sandwich. I get carried away buying all kinds of produce at the farmer’s markets. However, as much as I love vegetables, I could never be a vegetarian. Sorry to disappoint, but I blame the bacon.
Here's where it becomes complicated, however. Europe isn't just the United Kingdom. Other countries around these parts that were in the sphere of cultural influence of America, due to the language barrier and other reasons did not notice the incongruity between NWOBHM and US metal, they took everything prima facie, a real history and an invented one both together, the grand Heavy Metal tree with all its various co-habitual branches. This was a misunderstanding, for as far as the US type of cultural thinking goes, once you augment the music you started with, once you take Heavy Metal and you create out of it 'Power Metal', then Power Metal has killed Heavy Metal. This is the anxiety of a country with little history: how to carve out a niche for oneself, how to ascertain one's continued existence. Roots must be invented, exploited, discarded, start again. "Thrash metal" wasn't meant to live side to side with old world metal, it was meant to replace it.
I had to take a picture of this.....
But I don't live in a perfect world, do you?
Then Pampers came out. In 1961 Dr. Brazelton (who's name is really familiar to me for some reason) signed up to sing Pampers praises. He then said that it was important to make sure that children are emotionally, physically, and psychologically ready to potty-train. This would be around 2 1/2 years old. Gee, do you think maybe Pampers benefited from Dr. Brazelton's research (which if you read Early Start Potty Training you will find is fairly flawed)?
The elevator stopped and the sudden halt made her stomach flip. The headache had her swaying into the man next to her. He reached out placing his hand on her arm to steady her.
The dust of snow
Ryan hiked the Grand Canyon Rim to Rim with three other people IN ONE DAY… I’m not sure that I will be able to do THAT, but I really do want to hike the Grand Canyon and his photos and story have really inspired me. With proper planning and training it would be possible to do this trail in a day… however…
So you can see how a character's choice to go against the grain, against the group will, can be the crux of the whole conflict in your story, as well as adding to it.
The starting point for burglary involving goods valued at less than £2,000 is a medium level community order, with a sentencing range of a Band B fine to 26 week in prison.
I commend this show for tackling reality, but I wonder how viewers will react. Don’t we want TV to take us away from ourselves? To let us live another life, or at the very least comfort us about the life we are living? I suppose that “real” adults, with stable jobs and houses and lives will find this show comforting. But what about the rest of us?
The business is build by the people. The system you are using, online or traditional network marketing, is created by the people and it is used by the people.
the last 5 persons (7-11) will get the Feel the Sunshine Album.
I wished I had found this book earlier, when I was training dogs professionally. I think it would have really helped me to deal with some of the human behavior!
I don’t get it. *pretend shake of the head and raised eyebrows*
This layout tells the story of an amazing weekend last December when all of my cousins gathered to celebrate our Grannie's 80th birthday. I've titled it 'For one weekend only' as it was only the second time we have all been together at once, due to two of my cousins living in Australia :)
44% of preteens and 72% of teens who’d been cyberbullied told a friend;
How do we respond to changes in engine regulations? How do we improve the chassis’ aerodynamic performance? High-level expertise is required in so many different fields. Altran has been supporting the Renault F1 Team since 2002, providing talented engineers in a variety of specialities, including computation, information technology, electronics, logistics, quality control and simulation. They contribute their skills to chassis in Enstone, UK, and to engines in Viry-Châtillon, near Paris. The Altran experts are driven not only by the human and sporting adventure, but by the technological challenge as well.
everything the world told me for 22 years was that this wasn't the life i wanted.
2 lbs round steak or venison steak, cubed
I often wonder why I see and remember the details of even the minutest part of dream. The colors, the clothes, the streets, everything is absolutely clear.
So far, so comprehensible, but the part I can't figure out is what keeps these gene(s) honest. Because, suppose a plant appeared which was a mutant of some kind: it makes a Lock-Key pair that don't fit one another, on one of its chromosomes. Let's call the mutant Lock@-Key#. If one chromosome has the @# genes, and the other chromosome has version 1, then half of its pollen will make Lock@, and half its pollen will make Lock1. Its stigmas will all be making Key# and Key1. So 3/4 of the time, it will be able to form seeds, instead of only 1/2 of the time, plus it'll be more successful with its recent relatives too, who are most likely nearby. So in theory, plants with this mutation would produce 50% more seeds than the plants with honest genes near them. And then in the next generation you'd have a bunch more of these plants with the @# gene, who would also produce more seeds, and eventually the whole population would be self-fertile plants that all had identical @# genes on both chromosomes.
We meet by the fire close to the haunted old castle.
This was broadcast in 2008.
Salt - 3/4 teaspoon
In my never ending onslaught in the search for perfect SEO you could be forgiven for thinking that the title of this post is baiting the likes of the tory unconsciousness and the fool lawmakers in a vain attempt to criticise the EU.
KCSO may well have been within their rights to do both – releasing the statement publicly without talking to the parents first, and releasing it however and whenever they wanted to. Does that make it right? Heck, no, not in any decent society.
I’m not usually the type to discuss my body with others, especially online. When it comes to being a woman, there is a sort of comradery that we enjoy. We talk about sex, food, and things that happen to our bodies with great candor, because we can all relate somehow. Women take care of each other and share with one another. So I’m going to share my story about the havoc that my body has wreaked on me starting last night…
I BELIEVE I HAVE INCORPORATED ALL OF THE REQUIREMENTS!
I just love the colors, and the small water droplets from the water down are pretty too.
I changed my mind about fifteen billion times before settling on my final color and style. Originally I was going to frame it - then it was going to be all one color - then it was going to be yellow and white chevron heavily distressed. See? Creativity ADHD!
A room is a room, right? But I have to write about this one. Maun would call it the strangest experience of our whole trip. The owner responded to our knock and told us that he indeed had a room. He showed us to another building with an incredibly steep set of stairs. We climbed up and found a shabby room where the bathroom light didn’t work. I told Maun to keep the man busy for a minute while I found another light globe to try. No problem keeping him occupied, he was enjoying using his perfect English and had already told us that he knew English so well because he was a doctor. The other globe didn’t work either so we told him we didn’t want the room and blamed it on the steep stairs that wouldn’t work for Maun and her ailing hip. I don’t know where we thought we were going to go. No matter, he said, he had another solution and then led us, accompanied all the while by one of the biggest dogs I have ever seen, through a construction sight to a row of little cottages that were obviously new but unfinished. He said they were going to be honeymoon cottages. If we didn’t mind the unfinished state of things and the construction debris, we could have one of the cottages for the same price as the room. Part of the construction was a big hole that he explained was going to be a swimming pool. We would have to be careful, he said. The cottages were something else. They looked like they came out of a fairy tale. But they were new and actually quite fancy. They all gave on a large central room that would soon be a kitchen and lounge, he said. And there was a large bathroom with brand new fixtures. But no hot water because neither he nor we could figure out the fancy new water heater. Madame would fix it, he said. We had come to doubt the existence of madame but we decided it was okay and told him we would take the room. Madame did appear later and turned on the water without saying a word. He talked for both of them though, and when we were finally putting our things in the room we didn’t think he would ever leave, he again appeared glad to have the chance to speak English. When we asked him about securing the bikes he simply pointed to the dog. I think he was right, it really was a big dog. Maun called him Bonzo and he was friendly to us. Seeing his wife had somehow put us at ease so we cleaned up and went to look for something to eat.
So, those are working pretty well without me needing to try and invent them again, but then I thought of what I’d like to use. I like to exercise a lot, but in recent months (thanks to injury and Christmas) I’ve lost some of the motivation to regularly train and consequentially have lost some fitness and strength. I can’t afford a personal trainer but love tailored exercise programs that have a lot of variety. I saw a card in the latest issue of Womens’ Health magazine that you can tear out and take with you to the gym, and was also reading about Chatroulette so I thought of this idea:
“I don’t need to comment… I don’t want to comment, thank you,” Najib told reporters on Sunday.
It continued:
* Materials: base mats from Archaeology and high-end mats from Underworld Trading.
It is accepted wisdom that al-Qa’ida’s core leadership has been decimated by the drone strikes, and now spends much of its energy avoiding detection rather than plotting new attacks.
goods;
Also, stay tuned for my annual Best Music of 2011 list and a Christmas podcast.
I wanted to live, I made fun of how cancer tried to rule my life. I was put on medication I would never ever take before but this seemed to ease the pain. Radiation started with making a casting of my body and a mask which would keep me motionless for each session. Laying on a cold table in this cast for ten minutes everyday. Each session of radiation burned my throat and my back would have 2nd degree burns when all was said and done.
I used to make weekly trips to my favorite bakery...buying loaves of their honey oat bread and bags of challah knots. There was a great void in my diet when they shut their doors. So when I saw a Honey Wheat Oatmeal Bread on The Slow Roasted Italian blog, I immediately printed it off to try. The dough came together beautifully...smooth and elastic as Donna had described. It's not quite as sweet and dense as my old favorite, but hubby and the kids gave it high praise. I will definitely bake it again...with a just a few tweaks...like a bit more honey. Thanks, Donna, for the inspiration!
And blog-worthy moments go undocumented, because I am too caught up in living them. (That one has its upside.)
What problem are we trying to solve?
Paul prayed three times that the Lord would cause this demonic messenger to depart. The word “depart” means “to stand away from, to get rid of in one decisive and complete act instead of in a long drawn-out process.”
Although I consider crisps a southern dessert, they are made though out the US. The crisp is believed to be an offspring of the English crumble. The ingredients are essentially the same but in different ratios. Crumble seems to have a thinner layer of crispy topping whereas crisps seem to be chunkier. Growing up, we usually had apple crisps in the winter and blackberry or peach cobblers in the summer. I liked making cakes when I was younger and it wasn't until I had kids that I started making crisps with seasonal fruit.
But scripture rejects this view and warns against the deceptions of material wealth. From a truly Christian perspective these two are not at all synonymous but rather are at war with one another. Furthermore, which trench one occupies in this war will reveal his true allegiance, whether to God, or to mammon. The love of mammon, which is a manifestation of the love of self, is evidenced by a preoccupation with material things while ignoring spiritual things.
I'm lovely goddamit!
They were rotating me through fragrances and that had been going on for five years. I passed through the departments like a credit card swiped at the checkout, flying through Chanel and Guerlain, Tom Ford and Jo Malone, Diptyque and Gucci… spraying, selling and seething.
Sam walks back while I listen to the gravel crunch under his feet and climbs in the VW driver’s seat. “Alright folks let’s get rolling.”
She spent the summer of 1982 in New York with Mr. Obama, "walking miles through the city, lingering over meals at restaurants...." During one meeting at an Italian restaurant, McNear said, "we sat and talked and ate and drank wine. Or at least I drank wine. I think he drank something stronger."
Let the noodles and sauce (and meat if desired- shrimp would have been a great choice too) cook together and simmer a bit. This is SO important for the pasta to soak up some of that sauce. The color will cling to the noodle.
Since they possess no working skills in our First World society, they find crime as an easier vocation. It’s termed ‘Third World Momentum’. Its corruption is so deep, so wide and so embedded that it’s as intrinsic as the sewer systems in those cities.
What did you all do this weekend??? What do you like to do when you get some unexpected time to yourselves????
2 assumed
Thoughts about Change (and how it’s funded) mixed with a Bit of Industry History
Winterson described the university's Centre For New Writing as a "serious and exciting place where students are carefully selected and there is a deep interest in what writing can do at an individual level and for the wider culture". She added: "I am from Manchester and the north is part of me; how I write, as well as who I am."
Mary and I have squeezed the bank account for everything we can -- which admittedly wasn't much -- and I'm sure many of you have done the same. But if anybody has a few extra bucks, Annti could really use it right now. She has no mailing address, alas, but if you're not adverse to Payment by Pal, you can click the button on the right side of her blog here.
So what should parents be telling their children about lying? I think it should be something like this:
And what has helped make us so wonderful you ask? Well it sure ain’t wind, solar, and butterfly power. It is good old fashion fossil fuels. Thank God that he allows dead plants and animals to turn into energy! That’s right. I put Dino and Barney in all my gas tanks. Yabba Fabba Doo, I love you crude!
books so I figured I’d just poke my nose into the first one…cautiously. And, you know what? Gobbled it up from start to finish, nodding pretty much all of the way through. Well I never…Who’d a thought?
So it will only be the liberal apologists for Islam surprised by today’s story about a 16-year-old Moroccan girl named Amina Filali who committed suicide after she was forced to marry a man who had raped her.
Total time: 35 minutes
From a bouquet of white roses
I would love to hear this concert on Thursday, February 25th, when Santa Fe New Music presents Pahayokee: A Plea for Life. The music is a dramatic environmental oratorio describing the current plight of the "River of Grass," the Florida Everglades. Composed by Jack Tamul, the work is a fervent plea to save one of the Earth's most unique environments. It combines traditional and sacred sound forms, the singing of baritone John Boehr, and ambient recordings of birds, frogs, and insects. The natural sounds are an integral part of the structure and impact of the piece, with the vocalist singing in and with the soundscapes of the Everglades.
Well, not that big of a fool.
It's sad that the only thing that gets me to a Terry Gilliam film these days is a rare (well, somewhat rare - he's also apparently in The Book of Eli, also coming out this month) performance by Tom Waits. I used to love Gilliam, and some of his films - Brazil in particular - will always be among my favorites. But over the last fifteen years or so, ever since the questionable success of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (no one else could have adapted the book quite so well, but it was pretty much a bomb at the box office), Gilliam has gone down his own rabbit hole, bouncing back and forth between sloppy, more mainstream films like The Brothers Grimm and equally troubled personal projects such as Tideland. Parnassus has elements of both. It's got the star power and a scope that tries to play to the rafters, but the themes - about the power of choice and imagination - are pure Gilliam. Unfortunately, it's also a total mess.
They went well with my beer.
I also took plenty of notes, so that my Sasquatch "family" and I will know what to do on our epic post-graduation trip to Vegas. So far I've added the following things to our to-do list:
Now that said, people certainly could be better at in person conversations. I love people who can pretty much talk about anything. They are either well read, good actors, or know how to ask questions. Or all of the above. Conversation is a skill and if I was a teacher, I’d have it as part of my curriculum. How much further in life could we all get if we had excellent interpersonal communication skills? Um, loads further yo.
Understand that technology may get you in the door; however, it won’t keep you in the door.
This part is not going to be easy. You are going to have to settle down and be completely honest with yourself. Why is hard but often the driving factor in keeping your goal alive in times that are not easy. There is no simple trick to this except for letting your walls come down on an emotional level. Some people may do better if there is someone they trust asking them why. Finding the root reason is often an eye open and maybe something you never thought of. For example I once worked with a 65 yr old lady who told me she wanted to get fit, and, her only reasoning at first was because she was getting older and wanted her clothes to fit better. I thought ” OK, Honorable…she has a grasp of why”. As we kept talking she kept referencing that she always watches her grandchildren and is drained just from following them around in the park and when they play a game. When I made the suggestion she wanted to be fit for not just herself but for her grand kids she smiled and I could tell without her even saying the words that being an active part of their lives was of grave importance to her. She later confirmed it and we proceeded.
to each other. The more formal writing was about books, too: poetry, reviews, and personal stories about their earliest memories or special times with books and parents, grandparents or aunts and uncles. I have a few books with published works about books too, but Laurie Purdie Salas’ recent book filled with wonderful poems about all kinds of book topics makes me sad because I am no longer in the classroom so I can share it with my students. However, I have done the next best
My hope, he deserves
Fingertips, silently reach out into the quiet of the darkness,
Mommy had. A little baby.
The word must be out from the White House: Shut down the federal government on October 1. If true, this would be a last-ditch effort to make Republicans look obstructionist. The president’s re-election efforts are cratering, just as the global economy sinks in the pile of IOUs that governments across the planet have printed in order to pay for socialistic programs. This eerily looks like the collapse of the Soviet Empire some 20 years ago.
Practical:
to the symphony of what it must do.”
Here's a hilarious video of my little Trav playing "hoops" with his nephew Luke while I was babysitting at their house. Too cute for words.
Just look at the world around you
6 fresh bay leaves
And even though against you, earth and hell shall all combine
1 part pineapple juice
1 heavy
I scored a pretty sweet medal (another nice touch: the race name and date are engraved on the medal), a size medium t-shirt (bummer for same-day registrants getting first dibs on t-shirts, even though I registered early- they ran out of smalls. Of course, I did arrive late…), and a can of boiled peanuts.
who clothed himself in clay
When a part of you is being attacked it's only natural to put up your defenses. But there was E in the back of my mind saying that that wouldn't be an effective thing to do.
had lived in the same town, less than a mile from one another and
I hope you have enjoyed this tutorial as much as I have making it for you and just remember that these feathers will be delicate after you have made them - they are made from paper after all!
Hung / Coalition: 1 vote (4%)
Although I self-identify as religious, I know that it seems that a huge majority of Christians in the U.S. tend to be right-wingers.
But I don't mind it too much (though I like to whine about it from time to time :P) because not getting enough sleep makes me really creative. Most of it is rubbish and not usable, some of it is quite good and I can actually make something of it and then there is a small percentage, that looks amazing in my head and turns out so so bad! Long story short, that happened last night:
And, finally, it was accepted and there was quite a trade
In most family households Spaghetti Bolognese would be the dish you could serve to any child with an 'it's my favourite' response.
As Mike Leander's sparse and startling productions worked miracles for Gary Glitter, David Essex had the lab-coated Jeff Wayne to thank:"We used to try and be as experimental as we could in the studio. There's a fire extinguisher on Lamplight. For Stardust we had a bath filled up with water, and a gong which we whacked then dropped in so it went *bo-whoa-whoa*. It sounded great! If you listen to the track you can hear this drip-drip-drip as we take it out of the bath. The studio was flooded.
Last night I watched Newsnight. Like most news programmes now it was mainly about pasties and jerry-cans of petrol. The entire show was watched over by a twenty litre jerry-can – sitting there like a tribal totem.
Eden heard the sound of something speeding through the foliage, then felt the limb she was on vibrate. A moment later she gave a slight yelp as she flew through the air to land heavily in the arms of the Elven commander. Blue eyes met silver for a split second, followed by a gasp, almost as if of recognition. Then, before anyone had a chance to recover from the shock, she flipped backwards out of his arms, onto the ground, and sped off.
“The goal of training one’s memory was to develop the capacity to leap from topic to topic and make new connections between old ideas,” Foer wrote.
Hello lovely crafty friends! The sun is finally shining! As the rain cycle appears to be broken, we are firing up that BBQ tonight that caused all of the problems in the first place! It might still be a little chilly, but hey... we're British. We'll put a jumper on!
Luckily for the Nazo Crux team, we can attempt to do further investigations since we are in close geographical proximity. When observing the video at the beginning of this post from 2008, before the show Fact or Faked Paranormal Files did their special on it, a paranormal investigator by the name of Victor Camacho at the MUFON (Mutual UFO Network) conference made some interesting observations, claiming it could perhaps be of alien origin. After reviewing the YouTube comments on a similar video, a user claimed that they live in the house, or at least in the neighborhood, that the footage was filmed. Nazo Crux has messaged the user, asking for permission to do our own investigation. We are now awaiting for a reply. We will definitely keep you all posted and we hope to have a video prepared in the coming months for a more in-depth look of this strange, stick-like apparition.
Michael Braun, a former chief of operations at the Drug Enforcement Agency, said Hezbollah had developed relationships with the powerful Mexican drug cartels to “move their agenda forward.” He cited a plot, recently uncovered by the DEA, involving an Iranian operative in Mexico allegedly planning to assassinate the Saudi ambassador in Washington, D.C.
I am Mr David McClean. I have a secure and confidential business proposal for you. I will give you more details as regards this transaction as soon as you notify me of your interest. Awaiting your urgent reply via my personal email address davidmcclean53@gmail.com)
Wicked Girls
Once again, all of the kiddos will sign this card and then we'll send it home! ;-)
However, the Newsnight report went further, by introducing the irrelevant issue of the White Australia policy, without qualifying it as the Sydney Herald report did, the reporter, Nick Bryant, was linking what he would describe as “white racism” with these attacks, whist, as a reporter, he must have known that the perpetrators were overwhelmingly, and quite probably entirely, non-white. To suggest that he did this unconsciously, at the very least stretches credibility.
*Sorry but any entry not following rules will be deleted and not eligible for the prizes*
Challenges I would like to enter this into are
Have a wonderful weekend and thank you all for visiting my little blog.
Anyway, I hope you look out for these awesome creatures next time you’re at your local zoo or animal park. They’re beautiful to watch. And hopefully one day, we can travel to South America or south-east Asia and see them in the wild for ourselves.
Berryz Koubou x ℃-ute new digital release “Cho HAPPY SONG” Ayaka kicks off her tour at Nippon Budokan CNBLUE to release their “MTV Unplugged” on DVD ‘Code Geass: Akito the Exiled’ to Debut in Theatres in August Taetiseo’s ‘Twinkle’ ranks high on iTunes USA album charts After School introduces their new member at Zepp Tokyo concert AKB48′s Itano Tomomi Holds a Free Mini-Concert at Her Hometown 2NE1 ranked as the #2 artists to watch on Ireland’s ‘Juice’ program KARA’s Seungyeon reveals a depressing tweet? Jang Geun Suk Gets Into Car Accident
Happy Saturday my sweet friends..
New York Times bestselling author Veronica Roth's much-anticipated second book of the dystopian Divergent series is another intoxicating thrill ride of a story, rich with hallmark twists, heartbreaks, romance, and powerful insights about human nature.
You have been wondering what in the world were we referring to by John. Yes, he’s our Head Chef at BRC Cafe but as part of the Burger Joint menu, there is now the Roti John (not related to Chef John in any way except his style).
J.J. Goldberg talked about it. Neal Gabler wrote about it. Joel Stein bragged about it. Mel Gibson's been fighting it for at least five years now. And now, another celebrity, John Travolta, has allegedly admitted that Jews control Hollywood.
Our popular media will now focus on all of the horrendous terror and disaster stories generated by the shaking and quaking of this most recent terrestrial event. Our gathering together in witness and support of human suffering is an important part of a healing process. However, if we want to understand what is going on here, it is worth stepping back and looking at the bigger picture. If we distance ourselves from the drama/trauma stories the popular media will now pump up for consumption at the tube trough, we may steady ourselves more quickly. The view of the forest is perfectly clear from a different vantage point.
Further reading :
Frank invited J on a hunting trip. A hunting trip. J decided that he couldn’t say no. They went out to a secluded spot, far from the shitty, run-to-riot smell of the trailer park. J suspected nothing. Then, at some point, Frank used a hatchet to beat J’s head into a bloody pulp. Have you ever seen such wounds? I have. I’ve seen all sorts of homicide photos. The brutality and carnage must have been appalling.
I did blog about that! Or maybe I wrote it in my book. I can't remember. Anyway, I wrote somewhere about how Clay super-glued Brooklyn's hands together before she was even 1-year-old. That was awful.
## Executing postinstall script.
Speculation #1): Vendors want all IT dollars spent in hospitals to be spent only with their company.
...happy new year to you all....hope you had a lovely christmas....
Tim Wilson is an international public policy analyst who serves as Director of the Intellectual Property and Free Trade Unit at the Institute of Public Affairs. A commentator on TV and radio, he is regularly published in journals and newspapers, including the Wall Street Journal and The Australian. In 2009 The Australian recognised him as one of the ten emerging leaders of Australian society.
Beer Paradise Limited
you glad you have me at the front lines to test for you!?!
Milos Forman (The People Vs. Larry Flynt)
Memories: all in the mind. The summer months since we returned from Ireland have been so busy that my promised 'Irish Journal' has been on the back-burner, until meeting again some of the people from the Caravan Writers' Guild with whom we shared that marvellous journey prompted me to continue. In essence, I was back with our motor home, boarding the Stena Line ferry (so quick and easy, so smooth a crossing, free WiFi; and so simple the disembarkation when we arrived in Dublin port). Approaching the Irish coast, I am looking again for THAT GREEN - a green peculiar to Ireland that I remembered from previous holidays - but it's evening and instead I am captivated by the misty blues, greys and purples of the Wicklow Mountains, silhoutted against the pearl of an early evening sky.
IN A MEDIUM BOWL, blend together all ingredients until smooth
Fun times. Who wants to be a missionary now? Not me. And yet…
7:00 PM: Dinner
Admiral Martoglio placed emphasis of continuing exercises and other training with nations that have provided troops for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to consolidate integration and operational cohesiveness for future military actions. According to American Forces Press Service, he particularly stressed the need “to take new strategic partnerships forged with Eastern European nations to the next level, and to maintain other ISAF contributors’ high-end capabilities.”
Here we go again with the food. I gotta break the cycle. Next up: A new L&D post featuring my answer to the question about patients who want to go "all natural." Maybe I'll call it "What's up with a Birth Plan?"
Garlic Is As Good As Ten Mothers (Les Blank, 1980) - "Like his friend and peer Werner Herzog... Blank seems to enjoy enthusiasm and passion for their own sakes, and his interest in the ephemera of garlic is contagious. He spends a great deal of time simply admiring the preparation of delicious-looking garlic-heavy dishes, until the distinctive odor of cooking garlic nearly seems to waft out of the screen. But more than that Blank suggests that what we choose to eat, and how we think about food, is a big part of what defines our identity."
One intriguing byplay at Friday's meeting suggested that if Peerwani is a Bradley ally, he's not totally in his pocket.
~By Laura Schmitt
Dark Goddess is my feminist manifesto! In the ancient myths the goddesses and heroines were all powerful and respected. They were second to no man. Look at Athene, the goddess of war and wisdom who rightly kicks Ares’s ass and is the guide to Achilles and Odysseus. Kali, the blood-soaked Indian goddess who protects mankind from demons when all the other gods have fled and dances on the body of her husband, Shiva.
We kicked off our stay-cation on Thursday, Nick’s first day off of work, by cleaning our house. What a blast! ;) But seriously, we spent some much needed time together with the babe. Friday got a little more exciting, zip lining at Red River Gorge, just a little over an hour from home.
There is no consensus on a solution. The government has tried unsuccessfully to achieve one, involving the main interest groups. More bad news in the coming months may concentrate minds or at least provoke an informed debate. The traditional safety valve of emigration seems not an option and the whole means and pace of recovery, when our comparative advantages have gone, is problematic. There is brave talk that, when the world economy begins an upturn, Ireland will be well poised and equipped to avail of it. Hopefully this will prove the case, but it is likely to be an Ireland much changed from the giddy heights of the recent past.
It is hard to wrap my mind around the idea that our sweet daughter lie in a hospital bed and went through painful procedures, surgery and illnesses without anyone there to hold her close and comfort her. But she made it through. And I often wonder about it all. Did God send extra angels to keep vigil by her bedside? Did He offer His very presence and comfort in a way that her little one-year-old heart could understand?
My secound card is an A5 gold card Nestie square embossed into my base card a Memory box die & a button.
Okay, class; clear your desks.
You write two distinctly different styles, both which I happen to love equally. Do you have to be in a particular mood to write either, or does your editor tell which mood you’re going to be in? J Do you prefer either style over the other?
Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak appeared today to have weathered the weekend’s violent electoral reform protest and may still call for a general election as early as June.
For over forty years various Barbados governments said “yes” to a National Park in the Scotland District. To be more precise, the politicians said “yes” when an election was imminent or when there was international money available if the words “sustainable”, “green” and “environment” were thrown about like they meant it.
Eight maids-a-cleaning (that should be enough to tackle the kids' bathroom).
They started having death day events. I went last year. Dinner conversation was somewhat twisted.
Week 29 (July 11 – 17)
* Informative posts that spotlight one herb or plant ingredient, particularly including information about how they are used in cooking.
Sat - off.
We had a lovely Christmas spent with M’s extended family in Camperdown, which is on the way to Warrnambool in the states southern coast. P had a very exciting and fun day.
The shapeshifter stops midsentence, staring at Mesdan, astonished. Perhaps none of its victims had ever stood up to it before.
We were so lucky to so easily get pregnant, and I know it is possible that this second try could take months, years, but I can’t accept that. In my mind I am already assuming it will be just as easy this time, and I have already fantasized about due dates and milestones assuming I get pregnant right away. I don’t know what to do with this fear and these feelings, other than to give them to God and pray for peace and acceptance, pray to know that when it is right it will happen and comfort myself with the belief that if our next child can’t stay here with us, it will have a sibling waiting for it in Heaven.
In Dat Mornin’, Jimmie Lunceford and His Chickasaw Syncopators
State legislatures and local governments could do the same. They could seize corporate property without providing compensation and without providing due process. All corporate entities would be stripped of all constitutional rights.
So what did they do? They took a man who had suffered years of Chinese human rights abominations and in less than one week they asked him -- of their own admission -- over and over: What do you want to do now? What do you want to do now? What do you want to do now?
Bite Size Bits
Thank goodness I have a fantastic boss who values me & my ideas... ( and a great team..)
It is the pinecone looking thing.
So. We're a little over a month in and I've lost 13 pounds! Yippee skippee! The most awesome part? I haven't even started the workout portion! I'm still trying to find time for that. But at lease I've got the diet down. Baby steps.
4. The Dream
3-Jordan Hebert-Elmhurst (York)-14:21
forgetting and leaving behind the pain .. .
1/3 cups heavy cream
In sum, culture is created or re-create and engineered willy-nilly by
Here’s a run down of the appearances I’ll be making while in Chicago. On Wednesday from 1-2 I’ll be on the Science Fiction Panel, Popular Tropes and Themes, & How to Write SF that Dazzles with Ann Aguirre, Beth Reavis, Cindy Spencer Pape and Linnea Sinclair.
An article on the BBC this morning, "Tracey Emin and Damien Hirst design artwork for mobiles", reports that limited edition contemporary art for mobile phones, designed by contemporary artists such as Damien Hirst and Tracey Emin, is being made available for purchase for online use. The article explains:
So three of the samples weren't really Allsopp's Pale Ale. So ignore those three. "no better than table-beer" one of them. Fourpence a pint for a beer of 1044º was scandalous. I wonder how many customers noticed? I think even the least discerning drinker might have spotted the 2% ABV difference with the real thing. More confirmation, though, of dodgy pub landlords.
In my review of this topic a couple of other interesting solutions were proposed. Without going into any detail you might want to investigate, on your own, the options of ‘honeytrap’ and ‘sessionID’. Precede either with the word ‘spam’ in your Google search. They are easy to apply and if the authors are to be believed, effective.
Don't waste your time,
Coffee of the Day: Tanzania Peaberry
Friday afternoon I felt defeated, my best laid plans were cast aside as “life happened”, you know those parts of our lives like wife, mother, sister, employee? Yeah, well I can’t very well cut out the paying job to “play” in my writing garden, as it was told to me. I was ready to chuck it all, cry myself a river, and sit by the bank and watch it all flow away. What would that get me? Not what I want, so I chucked that ideal – it was a weed after all.
I asked the server what was gluten-free, and she was very helpful. The Lemon Pavlova and flourless chocolate torte, plus many of the options in the create-your-own sundae bar, are gluten-free. They do warn you, however, that the kitchen has a lot of flour in it so they can’t provide any guarantees against cross-contamination. I chose the flourless chocolate torte ($9.99) while Mike ordered the carrot cake ($7.99).
It’s an homage to the original ’21 Jump Street’ concept of rogue cops going undercover, complete with brilliant cameos by original Jumpstreeters Johnny Depp and Peter DeLuise, while having an absolute ball of a good time with it.
It's the Rubettes but it's not the Rubettes as I remember them. I remember them being like a CinemaScope version of Mud, with wide-screen harmonies and epic production. This is some dull country song being sung by a bloke vaguely like Roy Orbison. And there's not a giant hat in sight.
Under the same sky, at different places
That little Duh statement came from the moron-in-cheif. Granted it’s more like every second, every minute. But for a moment here let’s look at the correct things he has done. Bin-Laden. Heavy use of drones. The trade agreement with S. Korea. Uh. Well there was ummm….and then there was…
a PDF CLASS so visit me soon!!
My boys birthday is tomorrow...
Probably no one.
In a campaign video posted Thursday by Wurzelbacher, West says, “One of the great things about Joe is that he represents the genuineness of the American people. Someone who has served in the military, and now is trying to answer the call to serve at a greater level.”
I, of course, inhabit a community of faith. The vast majority of my interactions with people on a regular basis is with either Christians or people who are seeking Christianity. But over the past few weeks I’ve had time to reflect on your lives. I’ve interacted, increasingly, with some non-Christian communities online, and I am struck by just how hostile people are to our faith. Even giving an allowance for some of the mysteries of the internet, where masked and screen-named people feel released from social constraints and therefore say whatever hateful thoughts come across their minds, the attitudes about Christianity I’ve encountered, if they are at all accurate, are horrifying.
thanks for looking everyone
Jasmine: Another smart, independent woman. Jasmine refuses to let her marriage be decided for her, sneaks out of the palace to experience life as a commoner, and first impresses Aladdin with her skills as a “quick learner.” She also uses her feminine wiles to trick Jafar at the end.
but it’s only a moment.
I left the vet and went home to be alone for a while. I just laid in my bed and tried to make sense of it all. I felt crushed. I felt defeated. I felt like a horrible pet owner. Why is it that my pets die? Why do my pets get diseases that are either totally not typical for their breed or disease that are only seen once every ten years? And then I really started thinking and ended up getting really mad. I don't understand why in the name of heck I have had three cats die, soon to be two dogs die and four kids! How is that fair? What am I supposed to learn from all of this? I don't know that it will ever make sense and I guess I should stop trying to pull answers out of this junk.
In March my wife and I are going to be releasing an awesome training syllabus for kids ages 4, 5 & 6 years old. The program is called “The Bible Club”. We piloted the club at our home church in Chesapeake and have the full backing of our Pastor Jack Cunningham.
So, as Chief Surveillance Commissioner, Rose had the ultimate sign-off over the deployment of undercover officers, including Kennedy. This isn't just the same body investigating itself, it's the same individual.
Leaving aside the rights and wrongs, the who-treated-who-like-crap and the you-should've-been-there-for-me... It meant that i had very few baby friends and none with babies the same age. I needed to make new ones and i did.
The church had 2500 back-packs full of school supplies to give to kids who needed them. And lots of free stuff - face-painting, cotton candy, pop-corn, snow-cones, Veggie-Tales playing on the big projector screen, and Larry-Boy was there...and a dentist, but that's not so cool...
100. Did you ever wish you could time travel? - Yes, very intensely. I think every historical author wishes she could see the past with her own eyes.
Christian Friedrich COL D 20
9. "Big Brother" – 1:55
You’re turning 5 this July, but I still call you “Baby.” That’s because you are and will always be my one and only baby. You are a miracle baby, too! Your Daddy and I never thought we’d have a child of our own because of my medical condition, but God gave you to us after 9 long years of waiting. Thank you for bringing joy and happiness into our lives. We love you so much, Justin!
AS I DID MENTION ABOVE, i grilled some too knowing our family love for all things smoky grilled with a dot of butter - d healthier lot skip that dot only to have a dollop on toast with jam and cream cheese)
2. have not eaten enough of your kids' Halloween candy
The title suggests that there’s fog,
The removal of Carroll, even temporarily, creates a vacuum in the delicately balanced world of college football. One expert even described it “as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.”
Then they describe the four different patients, who usually are as follows: one overweight patient on a ward wanting healthy eating advice, one person with newly-diagnosed diabetes about to be discharged home, one malnourished in-patient with poor appetite, and someone who has just had a nasogastric (NG) tube placed and needs a regimen for feeding through the tube. What you do is offer the overweight patient an outpatient appointment, go and see the person with diabetes before they go, tell the ward staff to give the malnourished patient food, snacks and supplements and re-refer if things don't improve, and tell them to use the emergency regimen for NG tube feeding that has been drawn up for just such contingencies, until you can see the patient on Monday.
Can ugliness alone ever be reason enough to demolish something?
See, problems are not there because somehow we are bad people. Problems are there because they are the result of decisions we have made so often without realising it; they will create the same result. Problems are there because of things like the lack of discipline, habits, attitudes and the list goes on. To solve some problems you may have to change your attitude or enter into a place of discipline. You have to change fundamentally from who you are to who you should be.
Yet, Thai economist will say that up to 100,000 Thai SMEs will go out of business because of the 300 baht minimum wage, and at the same time, few Thai economist says anything of financial cost of running a business in Thailand, and how most SMEs have difficulties borrowing from banks.
I was flipping through the channels at the time.
My thoughts have been a little frazzled in the last couple of days though. And, I think I know why.
So I started looking into things and going through the vast confusion that is blogger's help forums. I submitted a request (I think? it was about as clear as mud as to what I should do...), saw that this apparently happens to many people on a regular basis, then carried on with my morning.
He smiled, "By coolth, of course, I refer to the power required (running the chillers, or air-con, or cellar coolers) in order to remove the excess heat and push it out of the building."
My faves: working out, tweeting, blogging, tweeting...ya, that about covers it.
I am 20 weeks and 3 days pregnant with my rainbow baby. That makes tonight the eve of the day we found out that Jacob had died. It hit me full force when I was standing in the garden tonight before going to church. I was telling Jacob that this baby will never replace him, that we love them equally. I stared at the spot where he is buried and I suddenly had a flashback to being at Dr. A's office and her not being able to find his heartbeat and the sinking feeling I had the longer she tried, then the feeling when she stopped. It was terrible.
But in the end, both holidays encourage day drinking and some form of costume (faux staches, sombreros on one side, bow ties, pastels and big floppy hats on the other). So, while this is technically a cinco post, you might see a few derby deals sneak their way in because, ultimately, our goal is to get your drunk+fat, regardless of which event you chose to celebrate.
Less colourful, but more legible, are signs for local businesses. Simplest is W D Old, Painter, Decorator, although further online research shows that there was originally more text visible.
Osegbe, D. (1997). Prostate cancer in Nigerians: facts and non-facts. Journal of Urology, 157, 1340.
At the end of the show, Red Knight was whooping everyone's asses, and the red team was completely out of control.
Occupy Philly Free University
Thursday was our warmest day. It was also our windiest day. After breakfast Collin and I wanted to go take a walk on the beach. And then in the afternoon we played two rounds of mini golf! So much fun! Then in the evening we went back to Rap's for another delicious dinner!
Amanda:"I've been on this cinnabun island for over an hour."
I don’t want no crying, only tears of joy
Potassium 252.5 mg
He criticises the churches for perpetuating the segregation of the south but also for allowing the subjugation of the coloured people in the first place. The use of the church to keep slaves enslaved was, according to Du Bois, a contributing factor to problems of morals within the coloured community.
Crepes or Pancakes? Crepes, but only sweet ones. Savory crepes don’t do it for me.
Turquoise belt - Salvation Army
I’ve long been fascinated by Graffiti. For me, good (real) graffiti is equal parts art, soul and rebellion. It speaks to the viewer.Unlike art kept under covers and behind frames with signs that say ‘please don’t touch’ it has a life cycle. It interacts with both man and nature.
If the answer to any or all of these questions is “no,” then you’ll want to bookmark the moment the new behavior appears and watch for the explanation to be revealed. If it isn’t, this is something you’ll want to flag for the author.
although the undertone may be almost imperceptible to the eye.
None of my mental convolutions could make it possible. I deduced it is impossible for a girl to become a father. And it’s equally impossible for a boy to become a mother. The Laws of Nature are quite clear and quite stringent on this matter. But as quickly as this thought came to me, another overshadowed it— Humans rebel against the Laws of Nature. Therefore, someone, sometime is going to attempt this gender switching parenthood.
The Duke is Mine by Eloise James (audio)
Drop dough by rounded tablespoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake 7 to 9 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool 1 minute on cookie sheets; remove to wire rack. Cool completely. Store tightly covered.
On the same plane another Christian is killed being immediately translated into the presence of the Lord. It worked out for good for both for, as true believers our goal is to be absent from the body and present with the Lord. “All things work together for good.”
Okay, if you’ve been following the Inkslinger’s blog you’ve noticed that we each take a turn to blog one day a month. I am the first Wednesday of each month, and if you have been a frequent reader you might have noticed that I tend to do a top 10 list. Well, today is no exception.
FRIENDS. Made some new friends and kept the ones I have this year means that socially I haven’t been a complete failure even though I often feel like one. Have managed to be of some help to both old and new friends and had some nice and interesting conversations and other communications during the year. This feels good. At least something to help keep me in a better mood when everything else is going bad.
As a perfect ending to this story, I heard a stunningly apt poem this morning on NPR’s Writer’s Almanac http://writersalmanac.publicradio.org/ written by Julie Cadwallader Staub and read by the incomparable Garrison Keillor. It’s about bees and honey, and here’s just a tiny taste:
The angel comes knocking on their door; he hears
So good. Too good
Another tip is to add some loose shimmer into a quarter size amount and smooth all over for an amazing glow. I do this on my collar bone, shoulders, and legs whenever I go out. Ooooh La La!
over, women need someone whom they can talk to, and who will listen. Women need
Owls belonging to genus Asio are known as the eared owls, as they have tufts of feathers resembling mammalian ears. These “ear” tufts may or may not be visible. Asio flammeus will display its tufts when in a defensive pose. However, its very short tufts are usually not visible.
I have been getting some hints, nudges etc from a higher power. Some may say angels, as is the way I feel. The repetition seems to be centered around writing, that is finishing my stories. I have put it off, most common excuse is I am not in the right place both mentally and physically.
I got nostalgic.
. . . come to those who wait. (But once you see it coming, jump quick or you'll miss it!)
Check after 2 minutes. Recover if the cheese is not melted.
The Ultimate Gift ... Hallmark Channel ... 8 PM
At the appropriate time as regulated by the US Congress and kept accurate by the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the US Naval Observatory, I get into my National Highway Traffic Safety Administration-approved automobile and set out to work on the roads built by the local, state, and federa l Departments oI Transportation, possibly stopping to purchase additonal fuel of a quality level determined by the Environmental Protection Agency, using legal tender issed by the Federal Reserve Bank. On the way out the door I deposit any mail I have to be sent out via the US Postal Service and drop the kids off at the public school.
For The Sake of Levity
Volkswagen Partnership
For our second pint we swapped beers and I got to taste the Moody's Mild, which was a dry and bitter drink, perfectly black and likewise very drinkable. I also had time to have a half of the Sheffield Brewing Co Chocolate Cascade, perhaps suffering slightly from being named after a euphemism, but tasting very nice despite its sweet dairy ingredient. Overall a very good quota of ales.
We often had casseroles – stews of beef in a thick gravy, probably consisting of gravy left over from the roast with the addition of Bisto and a little water or milk. The meat would be cheaper cuts of beef, skirt, or shin, and kidney, and sometimes neck of mutton; the vegetables would be carrot and onion; we did not use garlic although my grandmother did when Donald was a boy. Maybe garlic was not available in the 50’s, or maybe Donald just did not grow it. An OXO stock cube or two would be crumbled in, there were only red OXOs in those days which came in tins – or maybe that is a misremembery from another age, something left over from my grandparents’ time.
- Danny
To preface this review, I must first admit to having never read the best selling books from whence this burgeoning franchise has arisen, and I really have no inclination to remedy this any time soon, so any thoughts on how well said books, or in this case, book (the first of a trilogy written by Suzanne Collins) has been adapted and put up on the big screen by director Gary Ross will not be forthcoming any time soon either. Now considering Collins is one of the three credited screenwriters here, one could make a rather safe assumption that the movie is at least fairly faithful to the book - or at least as faithful as a film adaptation can be. But that is neither here nor there, for I am here to talk about the movie and how enjoyable or unenjoyable it just so happens to be. I suppose that enjoyablity factor, at least in my not-so-humble opinion, is somewhere above middling but somewhat below fair - or is that the other way around. Anyway, I digress.
7. Drizzle with a little olive and pumpkin oil and sprinkle with, fresh rosemary, pumpkin seeds and freshly grated parmesan.
