Your responses are most welcome in the comment section below.
Of course I can’t and won’t even attempt to. And today I thought I’ll try to cook from a non-Indian’s pantry perspective. I think that’s something that GMT misses out on occasions.
We all know how this ends, though. With every movement comes a reform or an opposition and the idea of all people having tons in common seems to be soaring high through the air from the deck from which it was thrown.
1 SAMUEL 12:24
For your newborn, there's no better costume than a Disney princess dress – it's sweet, fanciful and movie star adorable. Cinderella and Snow White ball gowns look so elegant, so pair them with pink-hued Abby bows, which give your baby's hair an equally delicate touch.
I'm off for one more dose of meds and hopefully a nice long nap, if the girls allow it! lol!
So?
Will his memory return or Is he stuck this way? Will he figure out what sent him running before it comes to get him?
The Packers safety play was sub-par after Collins was lost to injury and McMillian, MD Jennings and Anthony Levine will compete with Charlie Peprah for 3 spots. McMillian could be the starter but that depends on how quickly he picks up the defense. I spoke to a AFC West scout Sunday morning who said that McMillian was on his teams radar and they loved his football IQ, game speed and instincts.
5/12 St Louis, MO - Firebird
In like manner Judas also collected for us all the books that had been scattered because of the war, and we now have them in our possession. If you need them, send messengers to get them for you.
David Cage’s Tour De Force does have the odd hole here and there but overall this is a fantastic gaming experience. Taking control of four characters within the story, you will be doing your best to nail the Origami Killer, who has kidnapped another victim. Not played in the orthodox style of gaming, Heavy Rain will get you used to where the buttons are on the pad in no time.
The whole article is online and you can read it here. Normally I’m not especially interested in the author and like to judge a book on its own merits but I did find this interesting especially the fact that wrote his first words at the age of two, on an Underwood typewriter. I was easily five before I got anywhere near my dad’s typewriter.
It's not different for you. Your age doesn't matter. It's all about the book. I agree that it's a mistake to put too much of yourself in the query. That doesn't mean we don't want to know a little about you and who you are, but what we really want to know first and foremost is what your book is about. Never mention your age whether you're 16, 60, or 96. It just shouldn't be important.
To produce honest and meaningful indicators, librarians must spend time and energy wrestling with databases, spreadsheets, tables and diagrams. Nobody in their right mind will engage in such work unless it benefits the library in question. General references to benchmarking, quality control and evidence-based practice is not enough. Committees don’t count. The benefit must be visible, definite and concrete. The interest in the results must come from real customers: people that can influence the future of the library. That means bosses and bureaucrats, politicians and journalists.
keeps you down and lets others take credit.
I’ll be honest – Netflix streaming is a total disaster for me as far as serious movie watching is concerned. It’s so easy to re-watch something or to pile crap on crap. It’s one of the reasons that filmsnack posting dropped off so severely and why my list went to the birds. So I’ve got to give credit where it’s due and thank Lars von Trier for pulling me out of the instant-watch funk. Going to see Melancholia in November really made me question where my love of film had disappeared to. Von Trier’s latest is, as usual, something of a mess, but it’s a glorious one, filled with humor, pathos, big questions, and Udo Kier. And it’s without question one of my favorite films of 2011.
I've been reading The Book Thief.....I may have mentioned that before? I have been slowly savoring every word, rather than rushing through like I do most books. I love everything about how it's written--it's like poetry, and I'm not ready for it to end. I'm not sure how to top it.
The Bub and I stalk Hallmark starting early October to check out the new ornaments every year. Yes, we are the ones who love seeing Christmas out that early. Sue us.
In the Bering Sea at the far west end of the Aleutian chain are Copper Island, Sea Lion Rock and Sea Otter Rock. They were ceded to the U.S. in Seward’s 1867 treaty with Russia.
I could try to write about the overwhelmingly absurd passenger-searching policies of the TSA which seem to target the young, the old and the infirm.
Before the industrialization of chicken production, and the creation of broiler breeds of chicken, only young spring chickens (pullets or cockerels) would be suitable for the higher heat and relatively fast cooking time of frying, making fried chicken a luxury of spring and summer. Older, tougher birds require longer cooking times at lower temperatures. To compensate for this, sometimes tougher birds are simmered till tender, allowed to cool and dry, and then fried. (This method is common in Australia.) Another method is to fry the chicken pieces using a pan fried method. The chicken pieces are then simmered in liquid, usually, a gravy made in the pan that the chicken pieces were cooked in. This process (of flouring, frying and simmering in gravy) is known as “smothering” and can be used for other tough cuts of meat, such as swiss steak. Smothered chicken is still consumed today, though with the exception of people who raise their own chickens, or who seek out stewing hens, it is primarily made using commercial broiler chickens.
We were heading back to his apartment in a taxi when I asked him what he had said.
This obviously stitched up very quickly. The only change I made was the pattern called for attaching a little brass bell at the corner of the design & I chose to use a rusty jingle bell to make the ornament more prim. I would love to make more of these (Stockings 'A Plenty actually has 4 stitch patterns to choose from) but the prefinished stockings are ridiculously expensive. I do have one more blank stocking so I can stitch one more design. I don't see myself buying any more of these stockings because of the price but the ornaments are really nice to stitch.
From @pinkladyapril
Be sure to visit her shop.
It's almost seven years I'm in exile now, scared to return for fear of what they'll do to me if caught. But God, what I'd do to share just one last crack-pipe with you, or to wait at the window with the jitters, watching for a car to pull up and a small hooded black boy to get out and stroll over our way, through the front gate and ring the buzzer: 21b
I give it thanks for my first exposure to “Psychocandy” by The Jesus and Mary Chain. The storm of feedback is still lodged firmly in my brain and my ears. Its gift will never leave me.
“Be a good bird Angelina,” Jack said while letting her jump to a perch above Tanners’ pillow bed. For added insurance, he attached a safety leash to one of her legs to prevent any further conflict with his new bride. For all the wild commotion, Jack was impressed that the dog, while awake, had looked on oblivious to it all, a testament to how smashed Tanner was and how much he was use to Angelina’s possessive fits.
for anyone around.
Do you remember some of the authors/book titles you read as a child?
where other girls saw beauty
Soon people began selecting for specific traits, such as docility and production, shaping the animals into breeds suited to specific human needs. Today, genomic technology is both speeding up and refining trait selection. For example, researchers are working on techniques to select pigs less susceptible to diseases such as PRRS and to choose cattle with traits related to growth performance, grade and yield. Australian scientists are pinning down traits linked to drought tolerance in sheep….”
I have created useful labels for all etsy shop owners that you could include in your product packaging.... i love these labels, it makes the entire shop image look amazing and whats better than more publicity. You could stick coupon labels in with the product and you can use the shop labels for outside the package because you never know how many people will come across your package throughout the shipping process. It may bring more customers!!! .... Click here to see them:
It’s important that you work through it in your own terms. Luckily for
Another precursor to that feeling that I may be getting a bit old for this sport is the way that i feel seeing other people do awesome tricks. It used to be a feeling of excitement but now the feeling is a hybrid of two thoughts; one of them being “Oh my science! That was awesome!” and the other one being “Why would you do that? What is wrong with you?” The primitive sense of excitement for my past hobby of skateboarding is clashing with my newly developed hobby of remaining stationary and not being airborne.
A concert by Anton Bruckner's Symphony No. 8 C-Moll conducted by Zubin Mehta, an impressive personality and by far the most beautiful concert I've ever been to. I'm not lying - this is real music. Not something I'd preferably hear at a club but something that deeply touched me. Together with the best grannies this world has seen, I've been able to sit in the second row again, therefore had a perfect view on the artists. The whole concert just lasted for one hour and a half, which I find a good time to sit and listen - other than this I would have gone a little nervous most probably. That's actually something I experienced in these past two days. It seems as everything is so fast, changing and constantly moving - nothing is really existing for a longer period and there's no real time to deeply enjoy something. Not that I'd complain about it but it's a little surprising how quickly I could get nervous just from silently sitting in a hall and listening to something for a longer period than some song of Avicii could last.
All three judges praised her performance of “One Sweet Day.” Both Jennifer Lopez and Steven Tyler called the performance “beautiful.” Website DialIdol.com measured the phone voting and placed Shannon in 6th place among the 11 remaining contestants. Valrico’s Jeremy Rosado, the Tampa Bay area’s only other finalist, was eliminated last week.
Join the linky party....blog about your early bird work ideas and then
There is truth in this statement. The world is full of people we disagree with, often violently. We think them fools, monsters, or, most charitably, misled simpletons who ‘just don’t understand’. In our heart of hearts–our deepest, most animal self–we wish we could MAKE THEM LISTEN. Herein lies war and violence. Wouldn’t it be easier if we could bash in that jerk’s face and make him obey than take the long route round? That route involves compromise, engagement, patience, and humility. Why bother? We’re right, aren’t we? When we have cast down our enemy and toppled their proud works into the dust, we are the victor; we are admired, we are the future author of history. “Americans,” said George Patton, “hate a loser.” I don’t think Americans are necessarily alone in this.
On Tuesday the girls did a sketch and pencil drawing of a tiger. They were unable to get them finished but here is what they did.
Breaking free of other people’s limited (and limiting) expectations is tough. And in a ridiculous economic climate like this one, fleeing the security of a steady job is obviously risky. But I love this advice that was shared at a workshop I went to the other night:
“A couple of wet weeks was not enough to reverse record dry conditions seen in the region in the past two years”.
Coaches’ gifts were given out -
I was talking to a friend today about my newest interest in blogging, and she made mention of my lengthy posts. “I see how long it is, and I just have to say “sorry”, it’s too long to read!” I realize that there are many valid reasons for why people choose to read some things and not others, and that not everyone can take the time to read a personal blog. But it got me thinking: we live in a fast food/fast fix society, and most of the time, we are not afforded the luxury of slowing down our busy schedules enough to read anything more than a headline, synopsis or summary. We want the bottom line, not the explanation.
I am convinced that if we do our job, if we lead with conviction and integrity, that history will record the Obama Presidency as the last gasp of liberalism’s great failure and a turning point for a new conservative era.
Actually, the temperature is never very hot, and (what a surprise!) neither too cold... you'll be certainly confused about the seasons.
as it turns in a new direction
- Dance -
To my eye, the bolder forms in the Bowery space are the more radical and unusual. I can imagine one of the large colored rock walls punctuating a survey show of photographic landscapes and truly throwing viewers off guard. These works bring something original to the view of the land, while still being tied to historical precedents (imaging hanging a bright purple Sherry rock wall adjacent to a 19th century view of Canyon de Chelly by O'Sullivan). I think I would actually like the photograms better if they were taken out of this desert sand context and allowed to function as stand alone abstractions. In this case, their extreme use of color would separate them from traditional darkroom practices and show off their innovation better.
90. Fried Green Tomatoes (Kathy Bates) – The scene in the parking lot.
Lt. Michael Esposito, 41, New York, N.Y.
But NOT this plan.
Thoroughly puzzled and feeling a bit bad for whoever V may be, because surely the poor soul would be in a lot of trouble sooner rather than later, the adventurers carried on to Harrowstone, a foreboding edifice of crumbling rock swathed in creeping ivy. Grift crossed the threshold of the broken gates first, preternaturally struck down by some sort of fit, clawing at the air and writhing. He sprang back to his feet with almost the same speed, brushing the episode off as nothing. Grift strides back across the threshold, which Callimachi had prodded tenatively while Solis and Gea considered the prospects of scaling the wall.
I’m a good friend because…
Drop petals
With his first two monumental narrative movies, Levon Helm had cemented himself as a genuine character actor in my mind. He was subsequently underused, for sure. It would be years later that I would see him in movies like the underrated 1997 Steven Seagal vehicle Fire Down Below (playing a rural preacher fighting against a coal company's destruction of his southern homeland), the brilliant 2005 Tommy Lee Jones film The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada (playing a blind desert denizen), and as Mr. Rate in 2007's otherwise forgettable Mark Wahlberg actioner Shooter. In 1981, he was even the very first musical guest on my favorite TV show, SCTV. But with Coal Miner's Daughter and The Right Stuff on his ledger, Levon wasn't just a rock star. To me, he was a movie star, too.
First, you have to give him the freedom to be honest with you. If you want to rebuild intimacy, he needs to be free to tell you when it's not working. Because pornography rewires the brain and tells a man that what is arousing is an image rather than a person, many men actually experience impotence without external stimulation (the images they're used to seeing). So many men, in order to have sex with their wives, start imagining and fantasizing about those images.
Down's Syndrome
1. What inspired you to start blogging?
So there were gaps in my musical knowledge of 1975 (fully revealed when the first Guinness Book Of Hit Singles was published in '77) that I'd happily fill in years later - a no.3 hit by the intriguingly named Moments And Whatnauts turned out to be the priceless Girls, with its bright yellow string-machine chords and daffy sexist lyric. But much of it was a desert. My ignorance suggests the kids at school weren't paying much attention either. Clearly there was a pop deficit*. I'd occasionally hear something high in the charts and remain unimpressed - Bobby Goldsboro's lonely housewife murder ballad** Honey made it all the way to no.2 just seven years after it had oozed its way to the same position in 1968; Mud tied a lead weight around Buddy Holly's Oh Boy and somehow scored a number one.
Pour scallops and pan sauce into gratin and cover with panko crumbs. Bake uncovered for 5-7 minutes until the panko crumbs are browned. Serve immediately.
But with a story as beloved as The Hobbit, is this enough? For a preview that’s been described as anything but “cinematic”, should we be worried?
By IAN JOHNSON
Every new onesie and pair of socks he grew out of, week after week, went right into a bag, handed over to a good friend without a second thought .
“We urge related agencies to take immediate action to stop RFS from spreading lies by restricting its radio frequency,” Lamat said recently.
I typed in the code and ended up getting this 1955 Ted Kazanski. I could not be happier with this card (well I could because I hate the Phillies) but it is now my oldest card in my collection. I have many cards from the 60's through now but did not have any prior to 1960.
This is a "Made Up Out Of The Weirdness In Our Minds" recipe, just so you know before getting all excited that I'm going to share something with you that you might make and serve to fancy people. Since I'm sure you're all embroiled in Fancy Dinner Party menu planning right now and then came to this blog for help.
“Well…are you going to tell them about me? About us?”
Well, onto today's showcase of forgotten and neglected stamps. I wasn't really sure whether to include newer stamps but felt that I had to use them since most of them are already unused and as I am are doing this based on the companies/artists in my stamp collection it seemed only right. We are still on "A"....
Pat the thighs dry and season generously on both sides with salt and pepper and your spice rub. Leave them to marinate if you have time, I probably left them about 30 minutes (while I prepared other things). Drizzle on just a little oil and make sure it coats both sides.
Eric is not so happy when his story hits the front page news, and even less thrilled when his struggling veterinarian practice suddenly is at capacity with single women without pets. Not knowing how to handle it, but blaming Amy, Eric goes to offer her a job. She accepts, at least until she leaves town, but…is she really going anywhere? And if she is, will Eric let her?
Maar koi teer O Mirziya, khich ke wal Asmaan
Theo Boguszewski - mother of the damage, holy diety of HDC organization, gave her all to this show and deserves props for putting this whole thing together.
With Martin Palmer, Director of the International Consultancy on Religion, Education and Culture; Caroline Humfress, Reader in History at Birkbeck College, University of London; Andrew Louth, Professor of Patristic and Byzantine Studies at the University of Durham.
Exiting ensemble of Sirone, Billy Bang and Charles Gayle.
So today it's "Rosenmontag". Carnival is really important here in Germany, usually.
I have many many many Elvis books ranging from serious biographies, to gossip/tell all, picture books and a lot of in-between.
For more information on adopting children with special needs or helping them find families, please visit www.reecesrainbow.org .
Q: You wrote a book in three weeks and tossed it in a box. Then you revised it, and it became A DRINK BEFORE WAR. Tell us about that revision. What had you learned since writing the book that helped you turn it into such a power house of a novel?
Additionally, Khamil would not confirm or deny rumours of DRB-HICOM appointing other cars from Proton’s model lineup in the management.
(no matter how many times I say or type that I still get a chill from head to toe. Oregon, y'all!)
THE ADVENTURES OF TINTIN: THE SECRET OF THE UNICORN, music by John Williams
I like the wise old mentors like Dumbledore, Gandalf etc. They always find a way into my stories in some form.
Perhaps my two favorite things I've read about him are that he is a snuggle bug and LOVES hugs and he truly seems to care for other people. There were many examples of him having a servant's heart. He is monthly noted for doing things like taking toys to children that were hurt in an effort to soothe them. And his relationship with his foster sister? His foster mother wrote that he is always asking her to do things for his sister before she does things for him. He also likes to help her rock in a rocking chair and grins when she squeals in delight.
And though the reason was not apparent to me back then, today as I adopted a Great Pyrenees puppy from them, I finally understood why.
The Worthless Co-Worker was off that day and the next day. When she came in she received a call from the district manager. She trotted off to the store room for privacy and was gone for about thirty minutes and when she returned to the sales floor she was once again teary-eyed and upset. She kept her mouth shut for the rest of the day.
Actresses with round faces: Cameron Diaz and Drew Barrymore
Here is the sketch I created for us to play with. Have fun and I can’t wait to see what you all come up with!
4) Strength isn’t about forgetting your pain, it’s about moving forward despite it. Another thing I hate that people say is “Forget about it.” I beg your pardon? FORGET about it? Does it look like I LIKE to wallow in my pain and stay upset (by the way, don’t wallow in your pain. Really, don’t). To many people, memories… and pain… is not something that they can just FORGET. Their brains aren’t pieces of hardware that can easily be formatted. So, don’t think that strength is the girl who forgot, don’t think that strength is the boy who (as THEY put it) can ‘move on.’ Strength is the person who wakes up every morning with a pain in their chest, but gets up, faces everyone- every day- and even when every step they take is a battle, is a challenge… they do it. Strength is never the person who can easily forget, strength is the person that can look pain in the face and take a step closer, anyway.
“Such deployments strengthen military-to-military relationships, promote sovereign and regional security, improve combined tactical air operations and enhance interoperability of forces, equipment and procedures,” said Air Force spokesman Capt. Phil Ventura.
But people in the UK donating aid and holding charity gigs to raise money to supply aid to Japan? Give me a break.
This is another terrific album released by Light at the time he was releasing his groovy Brass Menagerie LPs, not to mention Spaced Out (samples can be found posted here). This album includes touches of Moog by Dick Lieb. Also playing on the album produced by Tony Mottola and Jeff Hest is the inventive guitarist Vinnie Bell, Arnie Lawrence - alto sax, Billy LaVorgna - drums, Julie Ruggiero - bass, Phil Kraus - marimba - Dick Hyman electric harpsichord, Bob Tricarico - tenor sax, Al Klink, Bernie Glow and Mel Davis - flute, Don Ashworth - trumpet, Walt Levinsky - alto sax and Urbie Green - trombone
All Natural, High Quality, Holistic Pet Food
With an oh dear here and an oh dear there, Glory Dear starting stuffing food in me and Miss Priss that was rare. You know like crab and such. We did not like that too much. But we could not move one bit. Then the others all started to have a fit. The Blue Guy stared at Blabber and he looked like he wanted to stab her. His eyes did their slot machine thing and a phone appeared in them, causing Blabber's ears to constantly ring.
they seem happy to survive
Mine would be: “Don’t kill me!”
Jimmy Palmiotti and Justin Gray - story, Luke Ross - art, Brian Bolland - cover
I did love the Mariachis outfits though - so marvelously OTT! I should have asked to keep one of the sombreros.
the first lines of the first document referred toabove run thus:
Luckily, Google had a list of possible side affects (in ENGLISH) and after reading two of them "Nervousness, anxiety...." I had the "Ah Haaaaaaa" (Ah haaaaa dumbass) moment.
Use your Facebook, email and Twitter to spread the word and sell all over the country without leaving your computer.
Yes, I want to get more…And not just for me but for you. I want you to have more too. More of everything that your heart desires. What does your heart desire. Tell me please. Tell me so that I can focus on what you want too. We can all increase and get bigger and better.
And last night, I added a few more pages to the "Screened Inn" e-zine.
(Karli I’m looking at you…)
Light wields its razors.
One day I received a bad review, and something very special happened. Instead of becoming an emotional cripple and folding like an accordion, I realized that everyone is entitled to an opinion. I know Dead Witness is a good book, and I know I can’t please everyone.
Of the 250+ hand crafted goods exhibitors, this years highlights were:
There’s a reason college students descend en masse on Mexico, Florida and Las Vegas every year during spring break—these locales are easy to travel to and the weather is almost guaranteed to be warm. But why should the kids have all the fun? While they dive into the rowdy party scene, we’re more interested in spring breaking like adults (think championship golf, oceanfront cabanas and pool butlers). Here are our grown-up hotel picks in the three hottest springtime destinations:
A: The parties should get deference. The patent owner might propose multiple
God works in mysterious ways. Call it an affirmation, serendipity, or a coincidence. Whatever it was, those small details provided me with a subtle reminder that this is all part of a bigger plan….
Community: Other Issues
we have been blessed with another little soul whom we are due to meet sometime in august.
I am also happy to say that I have my kids read around the room during individual reading times. I made these "reading spot" signs and taped them to the floor. (Actually, I need to redo several. Chairs and little feet can cause a lot of damage.)
Most shameful of all is Putin's decision to close the drunk tanks. The вытрезвитель (sobering-up station) predates the Revolution, but the Bolsheviks gave it the lacquer of pseudo-science, priggishness and theft that helped it endure to this day.
When we got back to town to go our separate ways, the sky had turned pink and the heavy misty air had a peachy glow. Getting out of the cool car was a shock, as it was still in the high 80's with humidity in the 90's. Hopping into my quickly cooled car, I drove west following the darkening sky home, giant moths swooping in the headlights.
and i will shout it. my life will shout it. This world is flawed. We see that. The death of 20 year olds, the cancer in moms, rape. It touches us. it tries to steal our souls. It tempts to turn our eyes and hearts from the very one who came to save us from it all. Our rescuer.
Melbourne is the important city of Australia which is well known as a city of events. People are very fashion conscious over here and weddings are grand affairs over here. Every bride in Melbourne dreams of her perfect wedding and wants to look as a perfect bride on her wedding. Starting from her wedding gown, make up, hairstyle to the accessories, each and everything should gel with each other very well. Many people think that a bridal outfit plays a major role in making a bride beautiful, but if the bridal makeup or the bridal hairstyle is not done properly, then a bride can never look beautiful in even the best bridal outfit. So, many brides in Melbourne hire a bridal hair stylist in Melbourne as well as makeup artist in Melbourne so that she can spend her big day with glamour.
Kaye doesn’t need help. Shes strong and independent and driven.
Albino and Preto – I don’t even care that the Albino and Preto logo is basically a rip-off of the Jameson Whiskey “stamp” logo (which I again ripped-off for the header image, above). This logo successfully incorporates Brazilian national colours in a fresh, bold design. It’s ironic for a company that means “white and black” to have one of the best uses of colour in their logo. Albino and Preto is probably the best-known Jiu Jitsu brand that doesn’t actually make anything.
Mid-pregnancy
And if you ask me, experimentation and sharing beer you made with family and friends is the best thing about home brewing, an element sometimes lost in the home brewing community, where there can be a lot of emphasis on reproducing and miniaturizing an actual brewing operation. Given the fact any professional brewing operation, even your local craft brewery, is mostly concerned with sanitizing large metal objects and meticulously pouring over brewing data to brew batch after batch of identical tasting beer, it is not surprising that a lot of mainstream home brewing really doesn't resonate with the general public.
Scottish widow Sandy and Co-operative Carol provide the morning entertainment with a breakfast show. They are a tight team; they have a mutual interest in investing extra digits in their hedge funds and have bonded over unit banking. Alas, they are so enamoured by one another that they have failed to notice the potential threat of a hostile takeover bid from tea boy, Derek. He has coveted their breakfast slot from afar and, in an effort to remove the women from the helm, he has sabotaged Sandy’s liquid assets. He completes the arm’s length transaction by passing Sandy her mug. The mug handle breaks causing hot tea to spill across the mixing desk. Carol and Sandy are unfazed by life’s little dramas. They have each other and therefore the accelerated depreciation is negligible. They smile sweetly and, still laughing, still singing from the same spreadsheet, they tell Derek that life is better with a beaver.
I realize this is all standard operating policy now with internet service providers, so I shouldn’t complain about T-Mobile in particular. But I will complain about T-Mobile because they’re the bastards who are screwing with me right now! And I’ll also give Vodafone a special mention as I’ve suffered at their hands too. But they are all a bunch of wankers. Seems to me that there’s a cartel in operation, fixing prices amongst themselves so there’s nowhere for a cost-conscious customer to go. And of course, like the flock of stupid sheep we are, we hand over our hard-earned dosh to the robbers when we should be handing them their own heads.
BEST ARCHIVAL RE-RECORDING OF AN EXISTING SCORE
But the Church believes different, and as we believe, so we worship. The congregation – including children holding their parents’ hands – filed by the casket, which was open, and viewed the remains of these babies. There were tears of sorrow, but full of hope.
It's geek time again, so for those of you who just want to look at the pictures stop reading now.
It cannot be an accident that the cover feature of the October edition of Prospect magazine is 'Rethinking Race: Has multiculturalism had its day?". This edition uses the device of commissioning four 'non-white' commentators to 'question the assumptions of some official anti-racism" - this device supposedly giving more weight to their arguments which cannot be so easily dismissed as "ignorant, naive, or unwittingly prejudiced". The writers are Munira Mirza (adviser to the Mayor of London for arts and culture), Tony Sewell (former teacher, now consultant and director of a charity), Swaran Singh (professor and consultant NHS psychiatrist) and Sonia Dyer (artist, writer and commentator).
At the dinner party, it became painfully obvious that with cutting off all amount of circulation to my stomach, the food was resting somewhere between my boobs and my mouth. As the minutes ticked on and on, I could feel my stomach collecting gas and trying to expand beneath the torture device that was holding it securely in place. With a shift here and a shift there, I felt light headed and dizzy and I was sure that a fart was going to explode out through my nostrils! I moved from hip to hip and leaned as far back as I could in a desperate attempt to find some type of relief. I spoke to my body silently willing it to conform, to adjust, to please just be good! But as the night progressed, I could feel my fat bubble into other free areas of my body. I was developing a new form of a muffin top, a second set of boobs, and third double chin, GOOD LORD MY FRIENDS, I WAS GOING TO EXPLODE!!!
Though distance was less, but our souls were far.
He put another INTERESTING twist on the conversation with this:
The Marvel Universe has never seen such a perfect depiction of a bad trip. It’s a beautiful thing.
At some point, Tater was giving Bina a piggy back ride. All of a sudden, Huck ran up to them, hooked Tater in between the legs and threw her up on his back. Bina was still on her back!!!! I have no idea how Huck did it!! It was AWESOME!!! Bina is on Tater's back, Tater is on the male goat's back backwards, and he is trotting!!! Hilarious!!! I am laughing so hard I almost pee my pants!
In 1971, Abelardo Delgado and Ricardo Sanchez both came to work at Chicano Studies at UTEP where I was Director of the Program. Even then, Abelardo had interests in Denver where he was closely allied with Corky Gonzalez and the Crusade for Justice. Though ostensibly different from each other poetically, Delgado and Sanchez are really two sides of the same coin. Their poetic focus is on the people and their plight. Sanchez is the old-testament voice in the whirlwind; Delgado is the ole-testament shepherd waiting for the comforting
Sound Development City is a new Sound Development project which enables a close exchange between artists of various backgrounds
Justin Bristow CHC S 1
Hamilton, New Zealand
* Possess strong interpersonal skills
The valley will rise again’.
Nov 26 – Club Soda – Montreal, QC (W/Cobra Starship)
Its fantastic properties has made it a common plant in tropical gardens, and you will find it without problems at the Chiang Mai Khamtieng flower market if you ask for ‘miracle’. We grow it as a small bush in full sun and water moderately. It does not like water logging. You can grow it in a pot too. The fruits come in flushes many times a year, and should be eaten when fully red. Beware of the stone, and do not swallow to quickly, but let the tongue soak itself in the pulp. The effect lasts for about 45 minutes so do not eat this fruit before lunch or dinner.
The card is for my MIL and SIL for giving me lovely 40th birthday gifts - I have tons more of these to make as 'thank yous' - it's going to be a busy weekend for me... I am using new backing papers that I bought this week and I am loving the paper stack because there are 4 sheets of every design in it.
Watching him at the bar, I smile to myself. There are at least four people waiting before he gets there, but the barmaid – a busty girl who's wearing a rather revealing top – somehow misses all of them, opting to serve my gorgeous boyfriend instead. She's clearly flirting with him, eyeing him up and practically drooling over his muscles and good looks.
Next, have them write a message to their mom (or other family member).
“On day 251 the call we had been waiting for came. We were offered a heart for Joe. The call came early in the morning and time seemed to stand still before he was taken down to theatre.”
Masashi Goto Former Nuclear Plant Engineer (Japan)
‘Mum said this wasn’t a place like anywhere else I’d been,’ Bonnie said. ‘She was right, but I’m still not sure that I know what kind of place it is.’
But, now I’m back and get to do My favorite thing of all….play with My subs. :D And, I’ll have some more time for online sessions since My RT subs are finally running low. lol
When the owner of this Blog, contracted me to build and manage the site, it was not because of my knowledge of the Deaf community, nor my understanding of the struggle of Deaf prisoners.
Pami (felt flowers,pearls)
Certainly not the safest thing I have ever done but for the life of me I was stumped at that point. Neither the charging handle nor the bolt were going to move backwards for anything. I was just lucky I was able to get the bolt forward after putting the rifle back together again. After retrieving the fired case it did indeed have a burr along the bottom rim but whether it was there prior to the whole ordeal I don't know. I can also say I never had to actually cock an AR by hand before either so perhaps it was a useful trick to learn.
Well this long introduction was really meant to set the stage for the question I left you in my last blog. The pieces I remembered after reading parts of Ecclesiastes 3 was from one of my all time favorite poems by TS Eliot, Love Song of J Alfred Prufrock. I’ve copied the section of the poem that reminded me of the same form and repetition seen in Ecclesiastes.
I have not been wanting to exercise this week, but I have done some fabulous cooking. I made several recipes off of Emily Bites, if you have not tried her recipes yet you are missing out! I made buffalo chicken cupcakes, cheesy chicken and stuffing, brown butter gnocchi with spinach, and banana “ice cream”. Today I am making slow cooker pulled pork from Skinny Taste, I have made many off her recipes and they are all fabulous and very filling! Also today I tried a suggestion from another blog I saw this morning for what to order at Starbuck’s that is low in points+ She suggested an iced “Dirty Americano” , which I loved, I added some fat free, sugar free peppermint mocha I had left over from coffee mate’s holiday selections and it was fabulous for only 2 points+ and I had a Venti.
Each strawberry has a chocolate kiss inside, I had wanted to get some strawberry candies but couldn't find any!!
Austin, TX 78758
Here are the rules that I'm going to follow for this project.
contract with the U.S. Navy.
Background fabric – 5/8 yard
More information on Walter Lure and The Waldos can be found at:
The cyclone, named Giovanna, has affected Madagascar the most severely, with five deaths so far and at least 600 more victims. Many of Madagascar’s inhabitants live in extreme poverty so suffer the most from extreme weather conditions.
Remove chicken, set aside. Chop when cool enough to handle.
Leviticus 19:28 : Don't get a tattoo. That's right: Get Ink, Go to Hell. Guess I'll see you there!
3. There is a reason why as kids we loved magic and dreams. Stop chasing your dreams and you will forget how it feels to live hopeful and young.
I took a bit of time at our Fiesta to play with my new Distress Markers this weekend!
One day a week before the Baby Shower while Hubby was home I called Hubby to the bathroom to fetch me some toilet roll. At the last minute I shouted that my waters had broke as a joke. You should have seen his face it was a classic! He berated me and said I shouldn’t joke about such things and then hid the toilet roll! He also kept telling me to pack my bag “just in case” but I had yet to get round to it.
signatory member of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and agreed to grant patent protection for pharmaceutical products more as a compulsion under TRIPS agreement. India further being a developing country got 10-years transition period to implement patent protection for drug products but at the same time had obligation to
Documentary Feature
It amazes me… and frightens me… how quiet Little S becomes in front of the boob-tube. She zones out… tells us to “be quiet” when we talk too loud… and demands the TV be on “her channel”. It’s a fine line to balance “zombie-child” with the ability to do chores. I try to limit her viewing time to under 30 minutes a day… a few minutes while I put her brother down for a nap, a few minutes after school while dinner is being prepared, and sometimes a few minutes after her bath.
I have been reading Parting the Waters: America in the King Years, 1954-63 by Taylor Branch, mostly because I am painfully uneducated about the Civil Rights era but partially because Barack Obama cites it as his favorite book besides Gilead by Marilynne Robinson (brilliant) and Moby Dick (which should be everyone’s favorite book). A central premise of Parting the Waters is the role of churches in the civil rights movement as a way for African Americans to organize and have a hierarchy for leadership when not allowed such things by the U.S. government. The idea of preacher is crucial, the idea that powerful voices, affirmed or denied by the congregation, led the people in fire, in protest, and in silence.
I'm a full-time mom with a full-time job so cardmaking and coloring is therapy for me. I live in Missouri with my husband and two darling daughters. When I'm not shuffling my cherubs to piano lessons, girl scouts or basketball games, I am the advertising manager for Splitcoaststampers. I also teach Copic Certification classes for coloring enthusiasts and store owners/employees across the country several times per year.
What's next after The Hyperion Cantos? Well, I just picked up a copy of A Canticle for Leibowitz, a classic that's older than I am. I always meant to read it, but never got around to it. Now's my chance.
“Almost Summer,” the title track to a California teen movie I’ve never seen that sounds like a hoot if you don’t think too hard about anything in it, has to have one of the worst opening couplets of the Seventies:
All the actors do a fine job, especially Richard E. Grant as the prison warden who is smitten by love for Friel first, then for Miranda Richardson, who is smokin' hot in this production. Friel and Jean Marc Barr shine as well.
If you are a follower and you have limbs that you would like to have added, comment on one you like and i will post yours as well. If you have ideas on how to turn the limbs into bodies, throw that in there as well. I will ignore it for the most part but its still fun.
I had a banana at 6:30 pm.
I wrote an undelivered letter… I’m not going to send it not matter how much I want to. I want to have contact but I won’t. I won’t. I won’t. My head hurts. I’ve cried on and off today.
This blog is only one and half month old and in that short amount of time, I have learned so much. There had been a revamp along the way as I slowly discover within what I really wish to write about – travel and photography – my two favourite subjects. What I write comes personally from the heart and through first hand experience.
Monday: early morning weights: arms, shoulders, chest and back
Don’t overlook the joy.
Web clicks and website traffic used to announce that you had a lot of customers and people involved with your company and its products. These were valued as much as a Facebook user’s thousands of friends and ‘likes’ are now. However, it has since been determined that none of these are an indication of consumer loyalty. Debra Aho Williamson notes that “Likes are not a gauge of consumer involvement with your company or brand. But companies still insist on touting their total just like they touted ‘hits’ back in the early days of the web” http://bit.ly/ilKSqU . Votes of interest like these are merely starting points for consumer interaction and engagement. In other words, social engagement is not that simple. It takes a lot of work, a lot of listening and a lot of conversation and conversion to build loyalty. A few weeks ago I touched extensively on this in my Engagement Matters Most post. This trend is already branching out to mimic this social engagement through other platforms. The CW is working on closing the gap from commercial viewing to point of purchase by rewarding viewers for watching commercials http://bit.ly/lAli0H. Capitalizing on research that shows viewers always have their cell phone nearby when watching TV, they are utilizing cell phones to offer rewards. It works like this. Viewers download the shopping app Shopkick and let the app listen to CW commercials, much like using the Shazam app to listen to music in order to identify its title and artist. When a Shopkick-enabled commercial airs the viewer receives an “unobtrusive on-screen alert” prompting them to open the app to receive discounts for use inside the advertiser’s stores. By measuring how many people use the coupons they gain insight into how many people purchase their products as a result of watching their commercials.
46. Sweet Potato and Black Bean Tacos: Another Pinterest find! I left out the poblano pepper and cumin. Instead, I added corn and seasoned the sweet potatoes with salt, pepper and paprika. These were good! I put sour cream and cheese on mine, but I think the cheese overpowered the sweet potatoes. I’d definitely make these again. Thanks, Pinterest!
It is true that EHE is an issue, but it is one that highlights the failings of schooling and social services. Furthermore, it brings into relief the shortcomings of government bodies that operate without proper care or respect for practitioners and educational research. Educationally, EHE is one of the most innovative and exciting growing movements of the current time.
So for now, I'm stuck.
The 64 music lovers, some of whom had come from as far as Jakarta and West Java, were arrested by regular and Shariah police as they held a charity concert in Banda Aceh’s Taman Budaya park on Saturday night.
In Saturday’s first match, Unión Española made it two wins from two clásico de colonias after they defeated Palestino in the Estadio La Cisterna with the win ending a run of three games without a win for los hispanos. In the day’s second match Audax Italiano picked up its first win of the season as they came away with a 2-1 win at Iquique. Audax’s win left Cobresal as the only team without a win after they went 3-1 to Universidad de Chile, a win which saw los azules maintain their second position on the table. Ahead of La U is O’Higgins who grabbed all three points against Universidad de Concepción with a 3-1 away win courtesy of goals to Guillermo Suárez, Diego González and Rodrigo Rojas. In the day’s other match Huachipato bounced back from their last up defeat with a 2-1 win away to Unión San Felipe.
There's no one who's more in you corner,
83 years old
The next year, he made a divine chocolate mousse cake, it was creamy and rich and perfect.
The sand's too hot and the women look too good in bikinis are just two of the odd complaints made by holiday-makers it's been revealed.
and it brought back another lifetime.
These parents—forced to hear what I but see.
Thanks for letting me blether on about my new project, I will let you all know how things are going once I start getting some bookings (fingers crossed!).
The WORD says… Riches and honor and all things come from God (1 Chronicles 29).
Leaner: I lost two pounds this week!!! YIPEE!!!! Two pounds this week puts me at a total of 7 pounds that I have lost so far on this journey. The fact that I know how many calories in and out that I am consuming/burning has helped tremendously. I know that if I can burn an extra 500 calories more than I consume each day for a week, then I will lose 1 pound. As long as I can keep this up I should be able to lose all of the weight that I want to.
I'd first spied the Chef's Table at Becasse during the launch party, and was immediately struck by how thoughtfully this feature had been incorporated into the kitchen's design. The u-shaped bench sits directly opposite the pass, offering diners a complete view of the plating process, as well as all the cooking action at the induction stoves. This isn't just a glimpse of the kitchen, but an intimate inclusion in a live dinner service.
An apple, a pear, a plum or a cherry,
Hello there crafty peeps! Spring has finally arrived....it's a little warmer plus we have the rain, (oh joy), and hopefully soon we'll have some sunshine. Lots of doctors' visits this week, but hubby seems to be a bit better right now. He's on some needles to improve his blood, and they seem to be helping!
By God, I will....
In any case, this passage ends with the fate which will befall these and all Jews:
Instead of holding the remote to take the picture each time, I used my camera's 2 second self timer with it.
Recently I'd also been in the habit of borrowing movies and box sets from Love Film and then, when I ran out of monthly credits or was waiting for the next arrival to land on the doormat, I would go down to the video shop to rent the latest releases, usually several times a month.
San Francisco 49′ers S Mark Barron (Ala) San Francisco surprised everyone this year. Is this a future of things to come? SF addresses the need for competition in the secondary after allowing Joe Flacco a career day in the Super Bowl.
Like Hemant, I’m disappointed. It only takes two seconds to call yourself an atheist (you don’t have to write a book on it!), and it would do so much to help disbelief become respectable. His distinction between atheism and agnosticism (the former are “in-your-face”; the latter are not) is completely disingenuous: one can be a Republican and not be an “in-your-face” Republican, and so it is with atheists.
The show was over in twenty minutes.
The Beverly Hills has a soul, and even if that soul, Margaret J. Anderson, is long gone physically, the spirit of hospitality with which she imbued it remains today at the Beverly Hills and likely always will remain. Like Nellie Coffman of the Desert Inn in Palm Springs, Mother Curry in Yosemite and Frank Miller of Riverside’s Mission Inn, Margaret Anderson transformed a mere building, nice as it was, into a home with a personality that was as warm and welcoming as the lady who oversaw it. Who knows what she had but she sure had it. And she could take it with her wherever she went.
15 Ranger's Hornpipe
During the month of April, I’ve been introducing various types of poetry to my library students. We’ve discussed how imagination, word choice, rhythm, and emotion are important elements in poetry. Here’s a sampling from some students who took the challenge to write a poem.
how to transfer the hurt
Roffers claimed that as he left the state fair with his wife, crowds near that entrance were large, and someone in that crowd .
From Qoud today we have an index.
Lately in my own Property Management business, I have run into some very ( let’s say to be nice) rigid and demanding, laborious and problematic, unyielding and burdensome people. Was that nice enough?
in the search
--I like that I am compassionate. I want to help everybody, and sometimes that becomes overwhelming or saddening (especially when I'm not in a situation where I can help), but the compassion is always there. I like that I will volunteer for pretty much anything if it is going to help someone in some way.
Now hidden away in an early part of Lord Hodge’s judgment is a suggestion that the agreement between Ticketus and Rangers might be struck down because under company law agreements are void if a company provides financial assistance in order to buy its own shares. However, this is a bit of a red herring to some extent. if the contract survives, and Rangers do not go into liquidation, then Rangers will have to implement that contract in future, or breach and risk liability in damages. If the contract is struck down then the money Ticketus paid will become immediately recoverable from Rangers because Rangers will have received money with no legal basis for receipt (in legal terms Rangers would be unjustifiably enriched). In the event of liquidation of Rangers whether or not the Ticketus contract is valid is completely irrelevant. (note)
A little giveaway this week to get us back into the swing of things after the spring holidays.
George was appointed Notary Public in Cariboo in 1876, and Commissioner in 1877. He was Involved with two different gold mining claims in Barkerville in 1878, one also involving P C Dunlevy and F J Barnard (of Barnard’s Stagecoach line).
Growing up here in central Jersey, we had a “moment of silence” to start the school day. 95% of the kids just daydreamed, and the other 5% who were praying during the moment of silence were praying already.
*** Clean Amy update: Apparently she is now SITTING NEXT TO HIM at school. What this might mean is anyone's guess. I asked him what she had said, now that she was right next to him. He had a think. Well, he said, she said 'cool', 'that's my pencil' and 'really?' to me today. Ah - young love!
During WWII, women did countless jobs to free men to fight. We often think about Rosy the Riveter and women who went into the workforce for the first time, but women also went into the military for the first time in jobs other than nursing. Homefront Heroines: The WAVES of World War II is a documentary film about the women who volunteered for service in the Navy during the war. At the website and blog for the film, you can find wonderful exhibits, pictures, and stories of these women as well as a trailer for the movie to be released in August 2012. They have both a Facebook page and a website.
The FDA has listed shellac as Generally Recognized as Safe (GRAS) for human consumption. Anything I put into my body better not be listed with a “Generally…” I am not willing to wait and see if the food I am consuming is going to be “generally” safe. After all, how healthy could mixing the shellac in denatured alcohol be for you? One look at the MSDS sheet for denatured alcohol will have you shaking your head! Take a look:
I deserve it. I really do. I read it's a balmy 50 degrees there. Woo!
leading lady Rani Mukerji in one of their forthcoming films. And why not? After all, she is one of the finest actors in B-town and like
In Canada it gets even more complicated. There are two Canadian Literatures. Let's call them lower case canadian literature and upper case Canadian Literature. Lower case canadian literature is the wide umbrella that covers all literature produced in Canada. Upper case Canadian Literature is a sub-genre within literary fiction and includes works that are quintessentially Canadian.
So like his father, all her joy
On his website, Gulen says that he received the UNECO award from Pope John Paul II in October, 2005. But the John Paul II died on April 2, 2005.
Remove from heat and immediately whisk in your baking soda and vanilla.
ADDENDUM: I’d like to apologize for not being present these past few days, and not welcoming my magnificent new Carnies (Cristy, so fucking glad to have you here, but I’ll never tell you again). So welcome to you all, and don’t you go anywhere, we’ll take this just where we left it…
Dress #131 from the February Burda Style is under way. I made a muslin last weekend to check the fit and it was surprisingly successful on the first try. I traced a straight size 44 and then graded down to a 42 through the shoulders. I also folded out 3/8" across the bodice above the bust and added 1 and 1/8" of length to the waist. It looked pretty good, except...
12. Siphon
Each pattern is protected by Copyright. Any copying or reproduction including mechanical is prohibited.
That’s so true.
Stewpot, sitting at a piano briefly wearing a top hat with an unidentifiable picture in it, reminds us of the pressing need for pencil and paper before promising "lots of good sounds and lots of good sights". If we hadn't been primed by its first appearance his next statement would make for a spectacular non sequitur: "A lot of you saw that marvellous documentary on the HMS Ark Royal. Here's Rod Stewart again". This is the proper video, shot in cinema verite style as Rod in various combinations of often open shirts and tennis shorts wanders around a barge, looks pensive on an aircraft carrier, hangs around with a blonde woman (EDIT: Britt Ekland! Of course!) and talks to some people.
Back in December, our area had a pretty nice snow storm come through that dumped a couple of inches of snow everywhere. Us Hammie's were up in Michigan at the time, enjoying our Christmas vacation, so we thought that was it for our area. It usually only snows once (with accumulation) a year (generally) for the Camp Lejeune area. Although we were in snowy Michigan, we were bummed we missed out on the snow fall that hit our house in NC.
With the recent loss of Roger Zirkle, a great gap was felt in our school board. With no time to place names on the ballot, Lee Godfrey, who had previously sought this office as a Democrat, began a write in campaign. Ms. Godfrey, unfortunately, represents a more liberal perspective than that of most citizens of the district. She has actively participated in anti-war rallys and could be a vote against Weekday Religious Education and issues of parents' rights should they come before the board.
To create the gift card pocket, I cut down the the third flap and then adhered the edges to the middle section of the card. It was the perfect pocket! I added another die cut and some layered flowers, so we could sign our names.
National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) spokesman Mthunzi Mhaga said it was not unusual for a criminal case to be disposed of within a day.
Where has this guy been?
A thoroughly original and brilliant book examining the rich textures of the poet's work and linking them to the life in fresh and surprising ways. Few scholars make such ingenious connections, or demonstrate so well how clever he was, how well-read in Greek and Roman classics, in French political theory, in history and Italian poetry (he remains one of the finest translators of Dante). A giddily exciting intellectual odyssey.
Recent winners of the SinC We Love Libraries! grants include:
The sec­ond choice would be in your best interest—and would add some style! Even if your cus­tomer chooses not to act on the infor­ma­tion you pro­vide, at least you are adding value to the rela­tion­ship by offer­ing it.
As I left the next morning I discovered that it was an experience I would be repeating, too with a generous offer to return in eight weeks to do it all again with another five beers – this time from the expansive portfolio of Lion Nathan, whose regional representative was among those enjoying my light-hearted repartee and very ordinary gags. Goes to show, give ‘em enough beer and they’ll commit to anything!
Howard Joseph Heller, 37, Ridgefield, Conn.
This weeks issue comes with a free mystery mask, foil poster and surprise gift. (in our case a smiler mask and Death Riders book)
While one of our friends and my dad ran this race as well, we all ran separately. While most of my long runs for this training were on my own, I was looking forward to knowing I could get through all the highs and lows of the marathon by myself, and I'm really proud that I did.
The response of the Army/MoD to the outcry over inadequately protected vehicles was in August 2006 to order another hundred of these 7-ton Pinzgauer Vector "protected patrol vehicles" at a cost of £100 million, for service in Afghanistan. Officials and ministers, briefed by the Army, argued that "mobility" was more important than "protection" and that armouring against mines an IEDs would add weight and impair the performance of the vehicle.
the sun and the moon
#3- If your 8 year old daughter gets peed on by her brother, don’t expect her to be ok with it until she turns
'The victim was left extremely shaken and he is still recovering from his injuries.'
When we arrived at this up and coming newbie in the 10th, it was quickly filling up with a motley after-work crowd. Kim noted that it's a nightspot which can easily draw a varied customer base. I agree and like that aspect. But, perhaps they're drawing crowds too successfully as it took quite a bit of time to actually place a drink order while standing directly at the bar.
At a parish where I recently worked, we had several meetings about reaching out. The pastor was insistent that we only reach out to fallen away Catholics because only they would understand us. I believe that it is we who dont want to understand non-Catholics. We are intimidated by their probing theological questions and are embarassed by our untrained attempts to answer.
Disclaimer : This article is for informational purposes only. There is no legal advice being suggested or proffered. The author assumes no responsibility or liability for the actions taken or not taken by the readers based upon such information. This article is the opinion of the author and is not supported or endorsed by J.M. Wilson. It should not be relied upon and may contain inaccuracies or content may have changed over time, contact your underwriter for the most current and accurate information. Any comments or responses are the opinions of their authors. Content on this site is believed to be covered under Fair Use.
One metric that has been shown to produce a positive correlation between online promoter measures and sales is Online Promoter™ Score (OPS), developed by Northwestern University and MotiveQuest.
After reading this entire blog entry, email me your goals for this week. You will have ACC tomorrow.
A meal at Jules Verne, Alain Ducasse's fancy restaurant high atop the Eiffel Tower, has been on my list of Paris must-dos for some time and yesterday, it finally happened. When I made the reservations months ago, I had fully planned to do so for dinner, but when I saw the price differential between lunch and dinner, I got cold feet. Instead, my husband and I opted for a leisurely lunch together in honor of an otherwise insignificant wedding anniversary, the actual date of which is later this month. Details, details. There's no particular reason to celebrate those round numbered anniversaries and who knows how many more opportunities we will have to mark our years together in such style. As the French say, la vie est courte, profitez-en.
The simple answer is that I just want to be happy..
Expert 4 (has not met Emma but agreed with the findings in the reports)
By the way, I've changed the coent process to make it easier. You'll probably still have to type in a captcha but you no longer have to have a Google ID or anything like that. So don't be shy! I love comments.
Ben Danby THE PIXELS! THEY BURNNNN!
Our shows get audiences with or without reviews. I am not convinced that the public read them anyway. Certainly the additional numbers that came to my show in 2009 following its five-star review in The Scotsman had not read the review itself; they merely followed the stars like the three kings of legend. If there are to be reviews, abolition of star ratings would be a very positive step. It would at least make people read something about the show itself, and teach them that excellence is subjective.
Needless to say, I am flattered at her words and also the other goodbyes I got today at the hospital, hugs and a kiss from my psychiatrist, a hand shake from my social worker (that was very formal) and all the rest of it. Even my two American roommates made me a party in the cafeteria there, but unfortunately, I was leaving earlier than expected so we didn’t have a chance to sit down and have a nice chat before I left. They just gave me a bag of goodies like chocolate and some Pepsi!
O: Opinionated-Sorry but I LOVE to share my opinion
I got printed today.
The tag I made myself from a pink piece of cardstock. The sentiment is a stamp from Inkadinkado. The charm comes from my stash.
Sinitta
I'm barely post adolescent
All Future Updates and Newly Added Products Totally Free
Mona was one of the 69 AUF-holders who lost their lives in the tragic Utøya massacre 22 July this year .
* Engine Manager (Porsche)
Russ: “A lot of time. At that time we had a Bedford camper, and with my wife Gundel and our two sons we’d go up hill and down dale in the Wye Valley.”
Finally, at long last, the webpage loaded. All in all, that had to have been the longest 14 to 15 seconds of my life.
We were all terrified to 'be awake' so we kept our heads down, most of the time. But this day I remember sneaking a peak as she rose, slowly, from her plinth, and made her way quietly, well as quietly as a rotund nun on creaky wooden floorboards can, out the door.
The four corner castings are fitting with the base frame and with roof and floor with perfect stability. The wall system is made of sandwich panel and core material of sandwich panel are EPS/XPS/PU.
A hilarious approach to learning the alphabet, this book is wildly entertaining! When kitty realizes that all of her favorite foods are gone she decides takes a stand. And boy does she behave badly! For starters, she Ate her owners homework; Bit Grandma and Clawed the curtains (among other things). After a grocery trip, however, she does her best to make amends. “Apologized to Grandma; Bought me new toys; Cleaned her cat box…” Bruel conveys his story by using the alphabet 4 times! He has written several children’s books and they are all very popular in our household.
Key players:
The defendants — i.e. HSN — contended that, based on the proper construction of certain key claim elements, none of the defendants’ websites could be found to infringe.
Meditation should be your integral part of daily routine. It helps to release stress and make you more active. Always choose a clam place for meditation and fix your time. Daily meditation has wonder effects to for your health.
I ask, because sometimes people also mislabel me as a "fashion person." I do not consider myself a fashion person. First of all, I do not follow fashion. Fashion Week in NYC came and went last month and I paid no attention. Sure, from time to time I might glance at a fashion show photo on some blog or other, or pick up a fashion magazine in the dentist's office or the laundry room. Frankly, fashion can be hard to avoid these days.
--sundry jagged bottle pieces, dead fish
similar to the way we all take
Ruby Red by Kerstin Gier
--When ANYONE talks with me at a very close distance--even if it's really important and I should be listening--I panic, because I feel like I can't move and because I'm not able to look around me.
I honestly thought I could push this to the side for a little while and no one in the overcrowded blogosphere would even notice, so as much as I loathe writing about myself, enough of you have written and posted about the sudden dearth of updates lately that I felt a brief word about it would be.. what's the word? "Nice"?
Heart
MALLORY: They want to move. I don’t know why.
Well, that is it folks... I expect it to be covered in posters in a couple of weeks....aaah teenagers, gotta love them ;) I am soo excited for Isabella to have a lovely room, she is such a wonderful and beautiful daughter, she really deserves to have a beautiful space all her own.
What I loved: This book made me think, but it wasn't as stressful as I would have expected. There isn't a huge cliffhanger in the middle that sends you plummeting down the roller coaster at the end. The book keeps you reading and wanting more from beginning to end. Hiko was such an integral part of Numb's story. I loved her way of seeing the world and learning her surroundings. This wasn't about love, or excitement, or a mystery. It was about figuring out who you are right now. Not who you were in the past or who you will be in the future.
609 - Jerry Turner
I have outfitted with old Suburban 4×4 with a brand new 5.7L 350hp engine, reworked all of the electronics, and outfitted the truck with programmable scanner, mobile HAM/Commercial radio, and a standard Citizen’s Band radio.
But that's done now and we are happily settling into our new house back home, if that makes sense!!!
On second and third glance, however, it is a very good example of boosterism disguised as journalism, and self-serving manipulation masquerading as research.
I kinda feel like we are under a weird deadline too
Remember our challenge runs for the month and by Sydney time. NO DIGI images permitted here at Let's Ink It Up.
He is the Vine. We are the branches. God is the husbandman (vine-dresser). Branches can be strong when they are fed from the vine, but if something closes off the flow of sap from the vine, the branches become brittle and weak – and fruitless. Can these fruitless branches be used for some other purpose, such as for building? They can’t be used for building when they are strong because they are connected to the vine. They can’t be used for building when broken off because then they are weak. Abiding – connected – branches are good for one thing: bearing fruit. Broken – disconnected – branches are also good for one thing: burning. (Actually two things if you count hiding places for serpents.)
If, once a person truly “gets saved,” it is impossible for that person to “get lost,” who is the person Rev. 22:19 is warning?
As for getting a hardcopy of the book, you could have ordered one from Turner Maxwell from day one.
I bet you're reading this thinking I'm actually here to report back on all sorts of wonderful things being done. Nope. I've been neglecting the blog because I haven't started decluttering yet! I have been pulling up nails and chipping away some of the plywood that was left behind when we pulled up the kitchen floors. I'll post some pics someday so you will see that it's actually impressive. lol
steamed rice
Consumers don’t make a distinction between the product and the package. How consumers feel about the package is transferred to how they feel about the product itself. For the consumers the product is inclusive of the package. There is numerous research that shows that consumers build quality, experience, and taste perceptions from the package itself.
Hubs: But not like dinner out or anything. Just the good stuff. You know the stuff that happens after dinner.
Some pics of us in the theater 2 hrs early
This means we are now recruiting 2 new members to the DT and welcome applications from everyone regardless of whether or not you have had previous DT experience. Here is some information regarding the DT position but we promise you will not be working in a pressurised environment as we believe that crafting is FUN!
Embrace your changing rosters. They will make your guild a better place to be.
When Russell's Whig government collapsed after a falling out with Palmerston early in 1852, the Earl of Derby formed a generally undistinguished Conservative government with tacit support of the Peelites. Disraeli became leader of the Commons as Chancellor of the Exchequer. After a summer election, Disraeli presented a budget which lifted trade barriers but tried to compensate those who would lose from it. Gladstone effectively (although perhaps a bit tendentiously) savaged it, in the process demonstrating his deep command of the budget and bringing down the Conservative government. Lord Aberdeen was called upon to form a new Whig-Peelite coalition government with Gladstone at the Exchequer.
MOVIE QUOTE: Hanu: “But your script, it’s just a rip-off of better independent mockumentaries.”
Left Hand Oktoberfest
To me, though, this addition of the sutras by Deming in class have really made my young (I say young because though it's not really new anymore, I feel I have so much growing to do) practice so special. I don't know if it is getting older, having kids, being more open... Whatever it is, I feel like the deeper meaning of doing something has become so important to me. I no longer "workout"to be hot, attractive. It's not about vanity but about health and being the best I can be for myself and my family. Health is inside and out. Mahatma Gandhi said, "Though we may know Him by a thousand names, He is one and the same to us all." I am not threatened by Yoga's history in Hinduism and rather feel that my Christian faith is all brought together with the beliefs of those in class as we move and meditate as one body. I pray with my heart at home and in church, I pray with my service to my family, and I pray with my voice when I sing. In class I pray with my body and mind. The movement as well as the theory of Yoga has really hit home and is feeding me in a way I am ready to receive.
"That’s one of the great things about everything being so fucked up, that no matter where you look there’s great work to be done." -Derrick Jensen
In between changing his guitars – seriously, Gallagher must have switched out axes after every song – he displayed some of the ol’ Gallagher pugnacious charm, getting a kick out of several audience members, one of whom was begging for a guitar pick. “D’ya know how much these cost,” he asked. “Nothing!” He also apologized to an 8-year-old in the audience for his cursing, although he followed that up with a well-timed f-bomb that drew laughs from the audience.
The littlest ghosts and goblins (up to third grade) are welcome in costume to enjoy music, games, crafts, a haunted hallway — and of course plenty of candy.
Ubaldo Jimenez (from Colorado) to the Indians: The number of people who actually thought that Cleveland was going to land Ubaldo can be counted on one hand. However, total props to the Indians for making a bold move that could win them their division. Jimenez has started to pitch much better as of late, and the Indians needed a big splash to stay in the AL Central race. They gave up some great pitching prospects (Drew Pomeranz and Alex White), but pitching prospects are so volatile that it was smart to give away a lot in order to get a pitcher who has already proven he can be an ace at the big league level. Now the Indians are hoping that Jimenez can revert to his form from the first half of last season.
I remember being in Thailand when a major tsunami came through Myanmar. We saw disturbing images on the Thai TV channels. Thousands were killed and even more left homeless. Many countries tried to come to Myanmar's aid, but their government would not let people in to distribute the food and help that was needed. I think of North Korea. Those people live in such literal darkness. The government has successfully brainwashed a nation. The people don't even know the truth about their poverty and oppression. Governments across the globe are filled with corruption and tyranny.
Semi-Finals
Even then I feel naked when I open the door. My tried and true "entertaining" dishes betray me and turn out Fear Factor-ish. They look ugly and taste not-quite-right. I notice the imperfections in my home. My home doesn't reflect me like I want it to.
There are a number that have to be just right; it’s a complex dance between art and text – and a text that appreciates the art, by giving it room to tell the story too, is key. As a parent, I come to appreciate more and more a text that will stand up to many, many, many…many re-readings. I love a picture book that has a sweet, smart twist at the end. The books that have true lasting power feature an identifiable, lovable, and real main character.
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IS LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!!
MBBS (Gold Medalist), M.S. (Orth.), MCh.(Orth.)
Whichever one of these you are or whichever of these follow you … has anyone ever been brave enough to ask someone why are you following me?
Process is something journalists seem to pick up on the job. I learned the routines of crime scene investigation and criminal court proceedings from visiting too many crime scenes and courtrooms. Nothing in my j-school education pushed me to demonstrate knowledge of these fundamental, if mundane, elements of bureaucratic process.
The U-5 stat measures, “total unemployed, plus discouraged workers, plus all other persons marginally attached to the labor force, as a percent of the civilian labor force plus all persons marginally attached to the labor force,” while the U-3 stat or the “official unemployment rate,” measures, “total unemployed, as a percent of the civilian labor force.”
We now have had over thirty-five youth participate in the last two years of Hope2Africa Masiphumelele. We know their stories, we have felt their hurts and we have shared their joys. This week we want to share their lives with you, to invite you into their world and then ask that you partner with us in equipping young Africans to sharing the beautiful HOPE of Jesus in those dark places. So what can YOU do?
This is not to equate morally “romance novels” with the grave soul destruction of pornography. But it is worth asking, “Is what I’m consuming leading me toward contentment with my spouse (or future spouse) or away from it? Is it pointing me to the other in one-flesh union or to an eroticized embodiment of my own desires? Is this the mystery or a mirage?
it rolls
Save pasta sauce jars and pickle jars to store food in in the fridge. When I studied abroad a few years ago, my friend and I did this out of necessity, but I never thought to do it once I returned home. You can even freeze food in these- just leave space for the food to expand.
“Are you afraid that the media will analyse this new report before the case goes to court?”
pray for God's glory to reign over this entire trip. from the moment we step foot into the airport to the moment we return home. may our every step be taken for the glory of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior.
Bake about 15 minutes
According to the Times, his challenges include bank negotiations to restructure Dewey’s outstanding loans, consideration of reorganization options, and avoiding liquidation. Given the complex array of fiduciary duties accompanying such a job description — as a partner to his fellow partners while also acting as counsel to the partnership as a whole without favoring any individual partner or group of partners — it’s a daunting task.
And I will raise him up on the last day.
1) For Easter Sunday, Tryst in Arlington will be extending its Sunday brunch hours from 10am-3pm on Sunday, April 8, to offer diners a special two course, prix fixe brunch menu for $22 per person (tax and gratuity not included) . Guests will indulge in specialty items such as Lemon & Ricotta Pancakes, Breakfast Pizza (eggs, house-made sausage, herbed goat cheese & caramelized onions) and Croque Madame (country ham, Mornay, sunny side up egg & greens).
Jeans Boots – txt msgs
Three years ago all the pics were smaller, so you
The thing is, it’s our habits that have the greatest effect when it comes to creating our lives. Most of our lives are lived on autopilot, full of all kinds of habits. Some of them serve us, some of them don’t. Some will help to build a life you are happy in, others will create problems in the future if they have not already.
Men's 5000 - We get a chance to see Kenenisa Bekele (ETH) in action. Bekele is the World Record holder in the event and will be looking for his first sub 13:00 clocking of the season. His chief competition should be Ali Abdosh (ETH) who currently sits in the #2 spot on the yearly list (12:59.56) just ahead of Bekele (13:00.76).
Former Washington Post Reporter Thomas Ricks, who now works for the liberal Center for a New American Security, a think tank focusing on defense issues and which has provided several top personnel in Defense slots for the Obama administration, thinks that it is now time to bring back the Draft. He proposes it not because he believes that the Draft would improve the military, but because he believes that it would make the nation less likely to go to war.
She said in a statement: ‘I have had to make some very difficult decisions this year, and filing Chapter 7 was one of them.’
Once we arrived at the hospital the nurse took us right up to the maternity ward. She wanted me to ride in a wheelchair as laboring moms weren't suppose to walk to the ward, but I declined. I told her that the walking helped and she said fine but that she was going to bring the wheelchair with.
As they begin to talk, Monica’s husband grabs an emptied Altoids box off the shelf, scribbles on it and hands it to the girl.
Indonesian government retreats from immediate fuel price rise
So, is it worth a visit?
Since they always see me face to face, I don’t know what would happen if I imitated them…. haha.
2. The Period Impressions Polonaise. This is my basic 18th C body block, I've used it as a base for nearly every gown I've made. I lengthened the bodice (which I have to do on every pattern) I use the JP Ryan sleeve (which is more period correct) and I always make the skirts fuller than the pattern.
On the 7.00 pm news we're told that Errol George, Maurice's security officer, has made a statement implicating Maurice. Three hundred people demonstrated in St Andrews earlier today, marching to Pearls airport, the newreader tells us.
That saying "things come in threes?" - definitely more fun when it's three positive things - when things start coming in negatives by the droves, it's really easy to get down on yourself.
Put down your crude melting desserts of churned animal's milk and embrace the glorious world of high-tech flash-frozen treats ..."It seems to the IPKat that one way to gauge the ubiquity of the public's consciousness of a brand is to see whether it features in parodies, satires and humorous pieces aimed at the general public. The Dippin' Dots feature works well for US readers, but the brand is little known outside its home markets (see the brand's biography in Wikipedia).
Alex Salmond can’t win Glasgow in the referendum without his best activists.
“Sure thing, Gunny,” Tanner replied as he ducked to walk through the doorway.
Compatibility is ensured for all cars having a 12V (cigar lighter) socket and a car radio.
for the bride and her attendants to arrive...
I experimented with some flourishes, variations on F#m and other bits and bobs.
We drove a while and stopped at the same place Mom and I went on Thursday, but it was a lot different today. Instead of just Mom and me there were a whole lot of other people there. Corky and Cedar came too, and I know them, but there was another big yellow dog who came too. It was pretty confusing.
The Bad: Sections two and three of the book simply aren’t as good as the first section. Section two is purely speculative. The argument is valid, but the specifics are impractical. Section three disappoints in its presentation of solutions, which are not politically feasible.
The French court is conducting its own inquiries into Abdul Razak’s current address to subpoena him for the trial. He is believed to be living in Britain with his family currently.
Motif # C2-18:
Lest you think that I've gotten boring, or have abandoned traveling, never ye fear. We go to Tallin, Estonia, after Christmas. No, I don't know anything about Tallin, either.
April has been another great month in terms of networking. The more I explore the World Literary Café, the more I love it. They offer so much in terms of classes, forums, and links. I’m still exploring and I’m sure I’ll find loads more! Thanks to WLC, I’ve been able to boost my network considerably.
this is how we change
I got a job working for American Eagle as an assistant manager in the Idaho Falls mall. I am hoping to only be an assistant for a year and work my way up to being the store manager. Kam and I will be staying in Rigby for 2 weeks with only our necessities, until I can find a place to live. We will be living in Rigby so my amazing sister can babysit Kam. My sister is so amazing, (I am sure hearing that never gets old to her.) she was able to pull some strings and get Kam into a preschool class that starts in September. Her kids go to it and they absolutely love it.
And while you can use pandora.com to help find the right songs for your wedding ceremony, cocktail hour and reception playlist, I recommend hiring a professional wedding band or DJ for your wedding day.
Add a large spoonful of eggwhite to the cake batter and fold through to slaken the mix - add the rest of the eggwhite a third at a time, gently folding it through to ensure as much air is kept in the mix.
These “super” veggies are at the top of list because they have no other job than to improve you health. They are loaded with fibre, calcium, magnesium and chlorophyll. The simplest way to enjoy these leafy veggies is to steam them, sauté them or add them raw into juices, smoothies and soups. Try a new leafy vegetable each week and then rotate them on a regular basis.
She went to hospital in May but unfortunately never came home! She would have been 93 today.
Then there’s the contact. Sweet as a nut. Crisp and mighty.
1.) First, get your eggplant station set up. Take your eggplant rounds and layer them, sprinkled with salt, in a large colander. Preheat your oven to 400 degrees (200 C) and layer two cookie sheets with baking paper. Beside them on work-space, place a bowl or dish filled with bread crumbs, and a small glass with olive oil and a basting brush.
Nearly a hundred of you participated in the give-away via e-mail, twitter, blog comments and DM -- Thanks to everyone who shared their traits, impressions and comments!
Retief was later killed during a formal ceremony over the agreement & the Zulu King Dingaan went on to kill 500 Boers who were living in Natal.
So it’s time to bring in the heavy hitters on this series – the scholars who have done a whole lot more studying on this than I have. Part of the reason why that’s necessary is because last time, when I went through all the attributes of Jesus’ life referenced by Paul, I missed arguably the three biggest. Whoops!
Promoting your book is hard and it takes time away from writing. You have to be disciplined about the time you spend on the web doing promotion and not let that cut too heavily into your writing. There are a few indie authors I have seen who have published one novel over a year ago and still have not produced new work because they are spending all their time promoting (as they admit). I think the adage that the best promotion is a new book is very true.
So many things have happened to our family in the last 18 months that I will never be able to go back and catch up. I am, however, going to try and make a list of some of the things that I can remember.
Our tree is set, presents are waiting for us.
A perfect chance to try out something that has been on your mind.
South Africa's inherent characteristics and past social and economic policies have given rise to a set of circumstances which must be recognised if we are to find the best way out of our difficulties. Social, economic and environmental policies appropriate to these realities must be designed. We have looked at some of South Africa's strengths and weaknesses and its historical patterns. We shall now identify some further important realities of South Africa's current socio-economic system structure:
“Borealis?” he whispers, “Are you still here?”
~Logan
In politics, it's been a pretty exciting month thus far. We had the president giving a much-anticipated jobs speech, with Republicans rebuking him days before it was even giving, and then following that up with another Republican primary debate where they threw the president's plan and reason out the window. And then there was the whole ten year remembrance of September 11, 2001, but I'll get to that later.
As an NFL quarterback with the Denver Broncos, a first round NFL draft choice, a Heisman Trophy winner, and a former University of Florida quarterback, Tim Tebow has been interviewed many times.
When I left you I wondered if you would still be there when I returned, I could not be sure, for, if you continue to ignore the truth, as you do now, you will not be there forever.
Call thy walls salvation,
Absolute madness! I love it. I was there all day on Monday and for just a few hours today. I've been fighting a sore throat and cold which is winning so I cut it short and came home.
With my hands on the wheel, I made a promise to myself: I will make a purpose to tell Finn his whole life that he is exceptional. Incredible. Talented. More than enough. Amazing. Memorable. Bright. Incomparable. I will tell him that whatever he loves doing, to do his very best; even if he doesn't get the trophy, lead, or honour roll. Those things are just bonuses. He'll be our ordinary kid, with an extraordinary heart, who will do extraordinary things.
The Sopranos cast tells all… as even James Gandolfini admits the ending left him baffled – by Daily Mail Reporter – Last updated at 4:41 PM on 1st March 2012
But I'm playing Kanga and this is my Roo.
So, thank you Roger for a good Steer on Stott!
The wind had blown all day -- gusty and unrelenting -- like I rarely remember. I don't know where the wind comes from, but I think it must be from someplace in the past, because it so often awakens some memory. I sped up, trying to outrun this particular one.
But only four little aliens came back.
And because each animal there is not only a different species but they are unique in there own rights. Ziggy a little donkey, loves the cows and got the zoomies when i let him go in with his cow herd tonight. Chewy a little goat closes his eyes when you stroke his soft fur. Pete , another goat can be sneaky and can fit threw the narrowest opening if i don't get that gate closed. He has a built in natural smile, just like our pigs. Carl , the Llama does look at me like a predator anymore and has accepted my presence. He no longer walks the pasture in front of me giving me his buck toothed evil eye. And Ellie the first farm pig there is a Princess but you should of seen her duking it out with Carl the other day. A little frail goat who i am told was such a brat when she was young, is now a shop goat getting special care. She likes oatmeal cookies the best. The horses sing to you when you get there in the morning and open the barn doors.
"It comes from poor judgment, peer pressure or social driving late at night.
If the Secretary of State truly is hurt by the perception, she might consider embracing those voices who trumpet American freedoms and challenging those administration allies who foment ill will.
Stamps: Elementary Elegance
Well I love to decorate for Christmas, and I used to spend a long time making everything perfect. Kids have a way of changing that, I no longer put the things that are special to me where little hand can reach. This year with all the stress and family stuff I only put up half of my crap.
But don’t you remember
The overarching topic of this anthology is a big fascination of mine that greatly influences my artwork- the ecstatic experience, the mystical experience, the profound spiritual experience, the moments of transcendent emotion and vision, that could be described by the word “Ecstasy”.
I made this little box using the Art Philosophy cartridge from Close To My Heart. I cut the box out at 6" and then layered some coordinating papers from my scrap box. The little fireman is a paper piecing I made from Paper Piecings By Nikki. I had fun distressing his edges with 'soot' from my brown stamp pad. Of course, I had to add some stickles and give this some 'pop'.
I had seen you walk by,
It has a really light texture and didn’t have an sticky feeling to it, felt just like water! haha maybe not ‘just" like water, but pretty darn close! I wore it throughout my trip in the States, over my favourite Skinfood Lettuce and Cucumber Matte Finishing Gel.
With Earth Day quickly approaching I started thinking about how I can make a change to better myself and the earth. I decided to research Earth Day and see what others might be doing to celebrate this day. My research led me to the Earth Day Network’s website where they currently are running an initiative called the Billion Acts of Green. At this site people of all ages are able to make a “Green Pledge.” After reading several pledges, I decided to make my own pledge. I will start trying to shop locally and eat organic when possible.
Dumper dumpee….cheater cheatee……hehehe….. however it ends you would think there would be something valuable to learn about a breakup. When youre the dumper its always about what was wrong with the other person…….. but think about it….when youre the dumpee…its still about how the other person was at fault… something just doesn’t add up about that. I mean .......It cant always be the OTHER person....…I guess I would be kinda hacked off too if after every break up …...it was the other persons fault. That would make me….jaded…….cautious……protective…….hesitant to let anyone in. Does that sound familiar?? Oh yeah…..I’m carryin baggage today. I’m guilty. I have to make sure my past doesn’t ruin my future. It doesn’t make sense for me to look for love only to stare at it from a distance when it comes a knockin.
We took our seats and were handed two envelopes: ’150 min… submit!’ and ’150 min… to rebel!’ to choose between. I chose to rebel, excited to see if picking one over the other would alter my dining experience like the ‘choose your own adventure’ books I used to read as a child. It didn’t – each revealed a different card with words that are supposed to adjust your mindset for the food to come. Maybe I’m not enough of an intellectual, but it was all a bit confusing and anti-climatic.
I just posted today that I am a little trepidatious in following new blogs since so many of my recent favourites have gone on hiatus or disappeared altogether. Not one to shy away from a challenge or give into my fears I set out tonight to find some new gems in the blogosphere. Thanks to Serial Comma, I found two and discovered a new post in the process.
Take a long bit of the green plastic covered metal wire and make a hoop that you fasten to the same wire like a big comma- it should be the size so the tealight you are going to use as a candle fits in ,but it sits tight and can't fall out.
Mogotes is a friendly town and a lot more compact than I expected. I thought it would just be a lot of farms, but there are tons of shops everywhere and the streets are busy with people bustling about their daily business, chatting with friends, leading donkeys through the streets, riding horses, kids playing soccer in groups. Everyone knows everyone so there’s a lot of honking at people when you drive by.
"We are very honored to have legendary Disney Imagineer Rolly Crump speak with us. Rolly worked very closely with Walt himself starting as an animator and eventually becoming a lead designer for Disneyland on such projects as The Haunted Mansion, It’s A Small World and The Enchanted Tiki Room. Rolly will give us a behind the scenes look at the crazy creative process and hidden backstage stories of the old days at Disney.
Judge Daniel Mabley’s rulings and motions before Amy Senser’s trial begins next week:
Card fact: This is the first of the rookie cards to feature a player who never made the majors. Juan Veintidos was featured here on the strength of his 14-5 record in the minors in 1974, but he never got the call in 10 minor league seasons.
Obsess over anorexic bank account.
On my way down to the second floor, I pass the Gum Sing Musical Society, representing Victoria’s Chinese community with their traditional instruments and music.
I have other wins brewing and will be writing them as they come because I can clearly predict the cognitions coming fast and furious. I can hardly put into words the gratitude I have for being able to blow through stops on getting to this point. Of course, I simply persisted in doing what Ron says and kept my integrity in and my eye on the mountain.
The tour begins, appropriately enough for publication day, at the Blog home (one of them) of Nicola Morgan, whose book Write to be published came out last month. Now, I can't write an unbiased review of this indispensable work, since I urged her to write it and have a quotation from me on the back.
In the late seventeenth century, famed teenage pirate Emer Morrisey was on the cusp of escaping the pirate life with her one true love and unfathomable riches when she was slain and cursed with "the dust of one hundred dogs," dooming her to one hundred lives as a dog before returning to a human body-with her memories intact.
The Tortilla survey is a relatively small 783 km 2D marine seismic survey that fulfils the final work commitment for the WA-385-P permit in the current term. It was acquired off the North West Cape of Western Australia, largely within the area of the WA-385-P permit.
And the Blonde (called Dorothy) entered Heaven...
Windows Store
The things that bring me comfort are things that remind me of her, like buying pink flowers and wearing jewelry that has her name or picture on it. These empty arms are aching and these things help me feel just a bit better.
“I want to let you know that Occupy Portland now has an office in our building. Metanoia Peace Community is renting the space on behalf of Occupy Portland until the new group has its own non-profit status. Occupy will be having some larger gatherings in the Dining Hall as it is available in the evenings.”
but we went to sleep happy and content.
STORY: A feisty, determined young princess in ancient Scotland determines to make her own fate rather than marry someone she doesn’t wish to.
I actually rather enjoy the vision of God as a sculptor. As any artist will tell you, a work of art takes time and many forms before its completion. So too it is possible that God's "chisel" is evolution. It would make sense then that His work of art would take time and take on many forms. Or even never stop changing, if we are to assume that God is still present and involved and not some being that set things in motion and sat back to see what happened (as some people believe).
Narco-polititics and narco-terrorism are the major challenge of PDEA. Recently, PDEA officials warned politicians seeking elective posts in the 2010 elections against sourcing campaign funds from supporters involved in illicit drug trade.
On Sunday he asked me if I'd do "Easton" hair-Easton is his favorite little cousin and he has a faux hawk(sp?). Anyway, in order to get his hair that way, I have to use spiking gel, which is pretty thick. I guess that night he decided to take matters into his own hand and cut the gel out.
If I was visting a part of the country where family brewers still had a strong representation, such as Palmers in West Dorset, I would want the Good Beer Guide to tell me where I could find their beers in the best condition (which, to be fair, it does). I’d also expect it to point me to other pubs that provided a contrast, but if it majored on establishments offering Pedigree, Bombardier and London Pride I might feel a little short-changed. It should also be pointed out that many free houses settle on two or three beers that suit their regular customers and are not always changing them around.
The Bookends of Faith in the Deity of Jesus Christ: The first and last of the seven “I AM” statements in the Book of John
26) So uh, … what um… are you, uh… doing on uhm… you know … like on Saturday night?
“The ladies know which are good for different dishes,” says our nature guide Tina Ollanke.
JOE (chuckles): No, I'm here to present the demo of Darksiders 2.
The fact remains, though, that English support for the Union can’t be taken for granted. There’s a need to make a positive case not only for the United Kingdom, but also for a sense of Britishness itself. The identity which explains the interlocking history of these islands, the political institutions
And while Sean can't tell us, we know today he says.......BLUES ROCK & GO CARDS!!!!!!!!!!
17%: Cut To Medicare Benefits When Trust Fund Is Exhausted. (House Ways & Means Committee Hearing, 6/22/11)
I felt that this whole trip was screw and feel lifelessly boring, and also the altitude of those people there.
** I really love my gray hairs. They just have to be sacrificed for the sake of dyeing the rest of my head, because there's so few of them, and they don't grow in a cluster or a streak, but kind of randomly, so I can't dye around them. Because black hair with a silver streak would be AWESOME.
And that being the case, what should a “baseline” forecast decline in residential property prices of 13.4% in 2011 and 14.4% in 2012 mean for buyer behaviour in today’s market? Firstly it depends on how credible you think the CBI is. Certainly its governor, Patrick Honohan enjoys above-average trust and a reputation for plain-speaking – he was after all, the man who revealed that we were seeking a bailout last November 2010 when the national mood was that politicians were taking us for idiots with their denials. He is the first governor of the CBI not to be an appointee from the Department of Finance and was chosen from a wide field on merit. Research for a previous entry on Governor Honohan revealed him to enjoy the trust of wide-ranging interests and the reputation of being capable. Of course he hasn’t looked too bright with his constantly-increasing estimates of the bailout costs of the banks – for example, INBS’s estimated bailout went from €2.7bn in March 2010 to €3.2bn in August 2010 to €5.4bn at the end of September 2010 but the Governor might say that was because of new information uncovered by NAMA. So how good will the forecast of residential property prices now be? Difficult to say, but in terms of the source, it must be one of the most credible forecasts we are likely to get.
Replace white wine with Cognac which is better any day
Great opening lines draw us in, making it impossible for us to turn away and great last lines linger long, long after we’ve read the end. Two of my favorite first and last lines come from Stephen King’s work.
Remember readers, my most important rule is to...
Then, following the example of his mentor, the end of the world date-setting Harold Camping, he launches into a goofy and irrelevant calculation of the percentage of all the Catholic institutions in the world that these three represent. Of course, this is another vintage Sungenis debating tactic: the diversion. The hope is that no one will notice that this has no bearing at all on the fact that he was proven wrong on his “challenge.”
"Again, our goal would be to seek international permission, and we would come to the Congress and inform you, and determine how best to approach this, determine whether or not we would want to get permission from the Congress, I think those are issues we would have to discuss as we decide what to do here.
Nothing compares with hemp in terms of powering good jobs that cannot be offshored—millions of acres of hemp, an agricultural revolution creating an expanding spectrum of gainful employment. Nothing could touch hemp in terms of impacting the near total dominance of corporations in virtually every aspect of modern America.
What is in that envelope with AJ Styles? I am sure we will find out soon enough, but that was interesting too.
Receptionist: Exactly!
I’m looking forward to fulfilling my sustainability promise. It’s actually been somewhat entertaining. Perhaps to conserve more water, I’ll stop washing my hands? More to come…
Nacht und Nebel Beats of love B
In the late fall of 1987 I was approached by Colonel Jorrie Jordaan to produce a rather nasty weapon system that would be used in the war in Angola. Since I was already designing the security systems for military bases, borders and key points, and I had worked on advanced and non-conventional systems in the past, the “marriage” of my previous experience with this new ‘purpose’ was a natural transition, as far as Jorrie was concerned.
Oh the cake topper.... thank you Ebay for this fabulous Lladro keepsake! I was SO happy to have snagged this great find on Ebay and have it proudly displayed in my china cabinet. My mom received several Lladro pieces from my grandmother, Gage (pronounced Gagee), growing up and I always thought that they were so beautiful and precious. I knew for sure that I wanted one of these beauties to sit on top of my wedding cake one day.
Nearly Half in U.S. Say There Are Too Many Inmates, 1/5 Could be Freed
“If you look at what happened during the whole period of slavery it was a kind of genocide – when the ships were coming over and there was a problem they’d rather throw the slaves overboard than the cargo. “Nobody knows how many slaves there were and how many died – the atrocity is just unimaginable.”
Boil rutabaga until tender and drain. In large skillet, sautee beef, onions, and garlic. Add rest of ingredients. Cover and simmer until veggies are tender.
Wed-AM: 1:28, 2500' ~ Green Mt.
Everything Is Beautiful
Rotherham
Bachmann: yes but I sit on the House
+Wha.. we are the bad guys this time? shame on us! hah great storyline dammit!
When the meat is browned, saute the shallots in the drippings in the pan. Add a little more butter if you need to. Cook them until they are tender and golden.
Nik ended up having two birthday parties (one on her actual birthday wth family & then her Big 2nd Birthday party with friends and family) and we took Mother/Daughter Maternity photos the same week with my sister-in-law. It has been a crazy week. 48 Barefoot Contessa coconut cream cheese cucakes, 4 dozen iced "bones" and "high heels" scratch sugar cookies, oreo balls, Pink Poodle cupcakes that got nixed in the final stages because I couldn't find pink Circus peanuts anywhere but online, appetizers, pasta salads, tea sandwhiches, party planning and a near disaster with the Oopsy Daisy skirt and Rosette Tank. Grocery shopping, more grocery shopping, and more grocery shopping. Cleaning, cleaning, and more cleaning. I am exhausted, but I have been so hyped up the last few weeks, I feel like I still can't sit still. After staying up nights till12:30, 3:30, 5:30 am, and then all night the night before her actual birthday, after the party, I still found myself cleaning everything up, and passing out on my parents couch at 11:30 pm.
Then there were days you were riding your motorcycle in the neighborhood, and would either let me ride in front, or take an old clothes pen and pin a playing card to my bicycle’s back tire so my bike would sound just like yours. Then I started to grow up. We moved to the city we live in now, and still you kept at trying to be the best dad you could. we would have parties in the back yard, all the kids would want to come and play or enjoy the campfires we had. One year for my sister’s and my birthday you brought home a pinata from mexico. Looking back now I can laugh at the fact you scared me awake when you got in early that morning, no matter how embarrassing the story might be.
Why is it so hard to find baby mobiles that are both stylish AND functional? There seems to be 2 differing schools of thought on the role of a mobile in the crib.
"Well, good luck to you. This town isn't as bad as it was--last July, folks were strung as tight as Doris Day's chastity belt--but it's still a long way from right."
my weekend started out right. on friday morning i was able to have breakfast with jessica. this girl is a gem. we can just pick up right where we left off and it's always good catching up! saturday we listened to general conference while tanner and i ran a bunch of errands. the weather was awesomeeee! we had lunch outside and when we got home we stayed in our front yard for the rest of the afternoon. it was so nice. we both worked on our bikes.. i painted mine and tanner put a motor on his.. or at least he is trying to. i also felt grown up while i weeded the yard and got things ready to plant :)
The Cyrodiil Preservation League needs YOUR HELP to save this most beautiful of the gods’ creations from going entirely extinct! We need donations fast, or there may not be enough time left!
But young people I meet, in general. I know that they do not see me as a potentially cool person who might be fun to get to know. No way. They see me as a potentially one-foot-in-the-nursing-home person who might be fun to tune out.
The world of the book is very much our world, except that some people have paranormal gifts; this is taken for granted, and no explanations/detailed descriptions are offered. Although I'm curious about that side of things, I think this was a wise choice--it's not the point, and would have slowed things down.
We made these the other day for Easter, this batch made about 50 Crostini, if there is any left over the liver can be frozen.
Fantasy was real
A slice of my heaven, my scrapbook/craft room. When I walk into this room I have a noticeable drop in stress and tension levels. This room is filled with things I love. Many childhood and adult memories are tucked away in this room.
And that's all I have to say today.
- Golden Crispy (Ground Chicken & Shrimp w/ Thai Herbs in a Crispy Won Ton)
A degree does not cost the price of 1-10 units of low cost housing. Heck better rather buy a handful of these units and become a slumlord or some land estate owner that produces REAL GOODS, than enrich the government’s crony contractors to *validate* with a piece of paper called a degree in a jobs market (after getting paid to build useless – and not necessarily stable – buildings on the taxpayer’s funds) as biased and uncertain as this when master slave mentality typifies employer employee relations. Call this civilisation?
Please click on the pic of my beautiful Advisory Team - the Butterfly Girlz Class of 2011 - to see more about this project.
So a story like this ends with forgiveness, love.. and possibly a romantic kiss?
On behalf of the millions of people in the world who live with the threat of a nuclear disaster ruining their lives, we are writing to ask you to recognize that now is the time to put people ahead of the nuclear industry and hold the industry fully liable for the risks and damages of its disasters. It is time to remove the risks of nuclear from people’s lives and shift our economies to clean, safe
One common mistake that many new bosses make is trying to be friends with their subordinates. They believe that if everyone likes each other, the office will be more cooperative and run more smoothly. However, it has the opposite effect. Friends are on the same level as one another, while managers and employees have a hierarchical relationship. Sheila will have to put aside many of her friendships since friends do not order each other around; therefore this method of management rarely works.
Social security and Medicare are “social justice” programs which, like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, were created to protect people against themselves, encouraging dependency on the federal government instead of expecting personal responsibility. They have managed to drain the national treasury.
Dawkins’s Defense of Chance
Once established the trumpet vine is very tolerant to fluctuations in heat, cold, and rainfall. They can grow very rapidly and if not managed, can climb up and over other plants and structures such as fences. In fact, the edges of the oblong leaves have ridges to aid the plant in climbing upwards, growing up to 12 and 36 feet!
Peace in the Storm Publishing
Understand that strong community life also depends on protecting the places in which people come together…The local pub and social club are also hubs of community life. Too many pubs have closed that could have been sustained by local people.
“Now, if only students across the country can show the same enthusiasm in attending classes and lectures, imagine the impact to the nation. And that is why the #Occupy Classes movement was initiated.”
Within this familiar story, however, Cianfrance and his two lead actors manage to locate moments of messy emotional truth, most memorably in those lengthy scenes in that sex-hotel room. As Dean and Cindy circle each other, awkwardly trying to rouse each other to some kind of romantic passion, these sequences gradually take on a John Cassavetes-style power—a sense of raw, unadulterated life being played out in front of a closely observing camera.
Only to realise, the reason neither of us, was ever able to exclaim,
Anything to keep from seeing a poem in terms of “the poet.”
Chugging across the bay, the familiar yet always breathtaking views of city and bridges surrounding the ferryboat, Geekygirl announced with certainty "Mummy, We live in the most beautiful city in the world." I realized what a gift I have given them. The city of San Francisco, to make their very own.
And speaking of video stuff: I’m also hoping to finally get a trailer made – a general one for the CITY WEDDING series, to publish by the end of the month. (If not March, that’s a definite for April.)
Members Stefan Weiner, Phoebe Ryan, and Jesse Kranzler (as well as a full cadre of guest musicians playing everything from glockenspiels to vibraphones) are masterful at crafting these tales both with compelling lyrics and skillful instrumentation.
But how do you give up stress? You focus on something else. Specifically, Jesus.
22 Heard This Before
Mmh.
Shit, Shower and Shave
And the saddest thing about it is the riots targeted other minorities–especially Asians.
But why are the existing jails full? Surely that previous namby-pamby Labor government was releasing prisoners left, right and centre?
I've shown her photographs of time beginning
Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master: Why bother adding parts of the cast of the last movie, if you can't get Patricia Arquette back? No offense to Tuesday Knight, but it just didn't gel right. It was like reading a fanfiction where this random girl just knows all the main characters and you're left a little confused. But at the same time, it didn't really matter. The characters you loved weren't going to last long. Alice was a great addition to the group, a daydreamer and a wonderful heroine.
First published: 1899
In a latest post written in Chinese yesterday, Mr Goh attacked Zaobao’s columnist Yew Lun Tian for unfairly dismissing her ‘analysis’ as ‘illogical.’
Showers will hit the south coast on Saturday, a wider area of the south on Sunday, and most areas on a washout Bank Holiday Monday, with further widespread rain next week.
Here’s what else was on the plate: Steamed green beans. How to make them: get green beans, then steam them. The third component is a couscous/quinoa blend. I intended it to be all couscous, but I didn’t think I had enough to serve 6 people. I’m also getting a little tired of couscous, so at the store, I picked up a bag of quinoa, which I had never cooked before, and I made the couscous and quinoa in separate pots on the stove, and when they were done, I mixed them together in a serving bowl. The couscous was cooked in low-sodium chicken broth, and I added shallot. The quinoa was cooked with saffron and garlic (just to switch it up, and because I didn’t have enough chicken broth to go around).
His political skills consisted of rarely voting on anything that might be deemed controversial. He went from a legislator in the Illinois legislature to the Senator from that state because he had the good fortune of having Mayor Daley’s formidable political machine at his disposal.
Not much has gone on in my world this week apart from I have finally sorted out my unmounted stamps that are in the folders and now have some sort of order to them well I have seperated the makes and put them in seperate folders then put the names of the makes on the outside of the folders so I dont have to search through everyone of them to find a particular stamps .
It’s been about six months since I got it, and it took about five months and two weeks to realize there’s was NO way it was enough storage. I mean, my boy’s clothes are still pretty small, but there were just six little bitty drawers and it just wasn’t working.
Scraps of matter, freed conceptual shapes,
Address To A Haggis
“The terror risk facing South Africa’s World Cup does not originate from such relatively small and isolated rebel and political groups. There are in any case no such groups operating in South Africa. Route and venue security and the saturation policing likely to be employed by the South African police during the World Cup will also leave very little scope for such a relatively small scale ‘machine-gun’ assault to be carried out. South Africa’s security forces have proven themselves to be very adept at securing major events from petty crimes or other amateur security threats.
“Do it yourself,” Rob plopped the part on Denise’s desk.
6. "My Very Good Friend the Milkman"
97. What is your birth order? - I'm the oldest of two sisters.
The tyranny of your enemies has lasted too long,
That's it for today! Can't wait to share some of my CHA creations with you after the show. It's been fun creating with all these new products!
It was from the "Almost Too Much" layout on page 40 that inspired me to paint my background instead of using PP.
The river, its meadows, and firs, and the trestle.
The Prizes: We'll have one winner for every 50 entries, up to a max of SEVEN winners!!! Winners will receive the Verve Stamps set of their choice. We're releasing a whole bunch of fabulous new stamps Friday, August 12, so there will be even more sets to choose from!
1600 Clarkson Rd.
I found several gluten-free recipes, but I either didn't have certain ingredients on hand or that item wouldn't travel well. Also I have been wanting to make homemade peanut butter cups for a while since I think Reese's Pb cups are grainy and yucky. I bookmarked a few recipe for homemade candy cups, but these appealed to me since it used dark chocolate (i'm not a fan of milk chocolate). After trying one, I had to make sure that I didn't eat all of the rest because they were so good! You will never want a Reese's peanut butter cup again after trying these! I think next time I might even try using almond butter. Yum!
Remove from oven and place on a wire rack to cool.
SOLVANG in Danish means “Sunny Fields” and so this park in the charming little Danish-style village of Solvang California is aptly named Sunny Fields Park. This park has a great big playground full of smooth wooden castle tower playstructures with lots of nooks and crannies to explore, windmill walkthroughs, water mister for hot days, viking ship to climb on, swings, slides, theater cut-outs and more. Ages 3 and up.
I called my mom that mother's day like every mother's day but this one was different.
Probably the most important shift was to "platforms." No longer was publicity something we got to leave to others-- we had to get in there and stomp on those grapes ourselves and get our feet all stained purple and red if we expected to get some wine out of the deal. (Speaking of which, guh-ross!)
The ANC-regime has created such a vast social grant system that South Africa now is termed the “biggest welfare state” in the world. And the ANC keeps its voters totally dependant on this economically unsustainable behemoth, warns economist Francois Calldo of the Solidarity Research Institute.
I was in the supermarket a few days ago and my shopping was more than I thought it should've been. The checkout woman looked at the till screen and drew a blank. I said, I'll check it when I have the receipt, I'll need to sit down first, and she said, No, you can do it here, love, and I said, I can't, I need to sit down to check, I'm chronically ill - my head had shut down - and she said, Oh, tell me about it, I'm never away from the doctor's just now! I'd heard her tell the previous customer about her cough and how she was off for two weeks, and while I sympathised with her - she was probably not well enough to be back at work - I just thought, you don't get it, no one gets it. I look fine and dandy.
Ohh… You’re giving me your business card too. This is most excellent.
Now we have all been matched with our children and have settled into our changed lives. However, some of us still manage to get together in real life to see how our families have developed and grown. It's hard because we are scattered all over the US, but there are quite a few of us on the West coast and even a greater concentration in the Northwest. That's the primary reason, we opted to miss a couple days of school and work and bring Chloe and Pearl to Seattle Washington.
Paint: Creative Inspirations Paint Winter Frost
Next, how about Miranda Lambert. I've always wanted to be a singer and do what she does. She's got an incredible live show and seriously rocks out. She's also beautiful. And has a ranch, and horses, and dogs. :)
Hiya all....Really do not know where April went , but it's 1st May and so that means we have a fab new Challenge for you over at Ready-Teddy-Go
Sounds good doesn’t it? That’s because it’s supposed to sound good. The 4 million jobs lost were a fact, part of what Obama inherited, however that was over a 9 month period, not six as stated. But read how carefully he states the next sentence “we lost another 4 million Before our policies were in Full effect” The reality is that took a full nine months and this includes 8 months after the trillion dollar stimulus package was passed. So despite a trillion dollars being put on the table job losses still continued. The reality is that he talks about 8 million jobs being lost but only created three million to replace them. Unemployment today is still at one of its highest points ever. And the unemployment figures used aren’t honest anyway because many have given up on finding a job and thus are no longer counted. Here is another fact. Obama has the worst job creation record of any president since world war ll.
A familiar girl with short black hair and pale, pale skin stands at the doorway of his hut, staring at his nude body with interest. “Praise to the skyborn,” she purrs casually. “Aren’t you up early, Danni?”
Through out all my years.
I passed a bloody girl, sobbing in fright.
26. “Teachers” appear everywhere with perfect timing to help you on your spiritual journey: people, books, movies, events, Mother Nature, etc. Teachers may appear to be negative or positive when you are trapped in polarity thinking, but, from a transcendent perspective, they are always perfect. Just what you need to learn from and move on. By the way, we never get more than we are ready to master. Each challenge presents us with an opportunity to show our mastery in passing through it.
In Halton, however, Lacroix said that the boards have begun to lease a neutral office location and since 1996 have been realizing more than $1 million in annual savings from joint busing.
1 lines
Having a child with special needs does this. It forces you to be the captain, the pilot, the leader, the advocate and even the voice for your child.
Furthermore I write for kids because my heart is in this writing spot! My very first published article occurred at a time children in the United States tragically were exposed to violent outbreaks in schools. I called the United Nations to inquire about writing for them, and landed an article for their international newsletter The Secretariat News. The article was about American children for peace working with the United Nations, through Unicef and as well as an Arts for Peace Program in Los Angeles. I attended a wonderful event where kids performed dance, theatre and had fine art all for a peace organization. In this non-fiction piece I altered the negative outlook of our children throughout the world with United Nations employees, showing our peaceful youth in action. Some time later another article of mine, this time for Los Angeles Family Magazine was about a wonderful Program Director of Family Place Upward Bound House - Tracy Woodburry, who guides families with children out of homelessness to a lifestyle with school, work and housing.
Lulay was due to play out his option this year and become a free agent, but says he can put his NFL aspirations on hold.
I decided to use the same recipe for this birthday cake, as I had used for my Buche de Noel, a photograph of which you can find here.
See you again soon.
I think with this upcoming Moon the problem won’t be figuring out the best time to shoot it, but “IF” we will be able to see it! Whenever the moon comes up, the best conditions are when there are no clouds in the west & east!
VERITAS, VERITAS SOFTWARE, the VERITAS logo and all other VERITAS
So for those of you who don’t know how to do your own theology as yet, please note: I did not say, “Barnes sounds good. I like it. It must be true.” I agree with Barnes on this occasion, but I gave my own reason as to why – and indeed, I’m not done yet. Let’s take a proper look at verse 16:
Licensing agreements that accompany software downloads sometimes warn the user that a spyware program will be installed along with the requested software, but the licensing agreements are not always be read completely by users because the notice of a spyware installation is often couched in obtuse, hard-to-read legal disclaimers.
As we journey through the years,
Don't tell me I can't.
This opens tabs in Firefox and Chrome, and new windows in Safari and IE.
When he was a year or so old, we had a very horrible winter. Off and on all winter long, Goliath would struggle with a couple days of fever and diarrhea. Then he would get better. All winter it went on. Finally, in April he got sick and wasn’t doing better. He had antibiotics, wormer, herbal wormer, Pepto-bismol, and I don’t know how many other things. Thank goodness, he was so easy to give medicine. Just put it in a syringe and stick it in his mouth. He’d eat it. The only hard part was getting the syringe back out of his mouth.
Expense ratio should be less than .2%
Steve Milloy of JunkScience.com and the GreenHellBlog, reported that Al Gore told a conference call of supporters that the battle to enact a Cap-and-Trade bill, imposing limits on so-called greenhouse gases, and creating “carbon credits” to be bought like medieval indulgences for the remission of sin, that “The federal government has failed us.”
All in all, I enjoyed it enough that I'll be gifting it to some people in the future...and paying full price, as all proceeds go to Amnesty International.
It’s time to stand and fight
Very few of the people working in the new office buildings or living in the new apartment buildings realize that Hell’s Kitchen and the theater district might never be what they are today were it not for the efforts of Tammany Hall’s last great district leader, Jimmy McManus. Whereas most authorities consider Tammany Hall to have ceased to exist with the defeat of Carmine DeSapio fifty years ago, and in 1963 when Jim McManus became district leader in 1963 many would have considered him and the McManus Democratic Club to be a relic of a by gone area, in reality it was this organization from the 19th Century that perhaps more than any other would lead Hell’s Kitchen and the theater district into the more prosperous 21st century. The midwest side today can thus truly be considered Tammany’s Last Stand.
Now you'd think a person, at least in today's lollipop and fishstick bountiful world, would be able to hold sway over the entrances of their respective nooks and crannies. Unfortunately, there are middlemen out there who want to oversee your many holes. You might have heard of them, they're called "pimps," and in Vice Squad, a sex trade worker named Princess (Season Hubley) has to deal with a pimp named Ramrod (Wings Hauser). All Princess wants to do is make some extra cash renting out her vagina (one of her most popular passage ways) to strangers, so that she can take care of her young daughter, and, of course, get to a point in her life where she can wear pink blazers in the suburbs with a modicum of comfort.
The bad part about being depressed is that it's very difficult to motivate yourself to do anything. Mostly you want to crawl into a little hole and disappear. At least be somewhere warm and safe, maybe some place like the womb. I'm trying to get out of doing most everything, although that's very difficult when you're the only person in your household. I can't expect the animals to take over.
Paul McCartney
So, when Linette said I had a surprise visitor, my eyes widened. I wanted GDA to be there; I am human. It wasn't GDA; my surprise visitor was the Neighbor. My dad had liked the Neighbor very much when we were dating. He didn't necessarily like him for my boyfriend, but he liked his sense of humor and how he was a man's man. Neighbor hugged me and we talked for a minute, before it was time to hug another mourner. Throughout the evening I became aware that Neighbor boy was sitting in an armchair at the opposite end of the room from the casket, watching me greet the folks who had come to pay their respects. It wasn't creepy; it was sweet.
For me, Buddhism is a psychological 'lens' for being skilfully present in the world and attempting not to fall into the traps and delusions of the ego – in other words, seeing the limitations of our habitual way of being in the world, and making choices based on an awareness that everything we think, say and do has consequences, and choosing response rather than reaction (I say again this is aspirational, but meditation and a commitment to mindfulness do keep the aspiration in view!). Through this lens I also practise a path that includes both gnostic/arcane and mystical elements.
Also, hello to Australia! I have wanted to visit Australia since I was in the third grade. I really like Finding Nemo and I want to go scuba diving but not get stung, pinched, bitten, or eaten by any scary poisonous animals. I would also like to travel out into the Outback with a Jeep and some friends and a telescope and look at the stars. And I want to eat your exotic Australian food. And see a koala. And a dingo. And a pencil.
This Girl is the Nicest so Fun and I am so Blessed to have gotten to know her. Love Shari Carroll!! (Awful Photo of me...)
3) Act – Move — Engage
According to Changene, this mechanism could be exploited to find a solution for Osteoporosis. In general terms, osteoporosis is a disease that involves weakening of bones due to calcium depletion, and the microarchitecture of the bones deteriorate. This sort of weakening of bones is one of the major problems faced by astronauts in zero-gravity. Due to the weightlessness experienced with the lack of gravity in space, their bones rapidly weaken.
Now Lear? Now? It’s too late. It’s too too late. You see you gave it all up.
This book seems to be the start of a series. I don’t know that I’ll tune in for the next installment without better reviews across the board.
And remember just who you are
RED: Was there a specific experience in your life that inspired your love of wine?
Another thing I did from the beginning was to log every bite of food that went into my mouth. I am working on that over at My Fitness Pal. It helps that I can access it from my phone. I don't forget things and the numbers are readily available so that I know where I am at any given time. It might help me make better decisions when eating out. I still consider this low carbing but it isn't low enough to be called Atkins I don't think.
Maybe I’ve choked myself. Maybe the intervening years have tied me up and made me too concerned. Maybe I’ve lost my youthful enthusiasm and the ability to just write without over-thinking it.
5 object
Add water (about 3-4 cups) and bullion to the pan
One day we will all be called upon to account for our lives to God, our Creator. At that sublime and terrifying moment, only one thing will matter: Did I please Him and have His approval?
BERTIE Ahern hasn’t gone away, you know!
accident still in the wreckage. Although the picture is quite graphic, it
"Well, you need to do something," Rachel's mom said after a few moments. "You can't sit in your room all summer. Did you even get dressed today? You need to brush your hair. Put some make-up on. Don't turn yourself into an invalid."
I slump at the bar in front of Betty.
Another distinction between me and Dooce (you know, besides the obvious difference in class-- as in money, not good taste. Because as any loyal reader knows, I am just oozing with the latter.)
My favorite After Workout Snack or Breakfast -
After a full day of cutting photos, creating beautiful pages with my little girl's photos with my artistic flair in them, I was in love.
Fuller Smith & Turner PLC Fuller's Vintage Ale
LINCOLN IL
Nancy Diaz, 28, New York, N.Y.
Grrrls so often mourn the lost invincible tomboy of prepubescence).
In conclusion, I highly recommend learning the principles of Whole Woman posture because that is what I have found most helpful in addressing my prolapse issues. The Laselle exerciser is a helpful way to practice and ensure that I'm getting the posture right. For that reason, I feel like the Laselle exerciser would be more effective if the product included more information regarding its use, specifically counseling women on good posture to prevent and correct prolapse issues from occurring.
Yesterday my son turned 17. Today he was hired for his first job ever for the city we live in to be a Certified Swim Instructor. I’m super proud of him. For us. For making it this far.
I think this picture suits him - and the mood - well. Like Brian our easy Sunday wasn't so easy so we are catching up today. Even me... lol.
Here is the irony: Even if the judge comes to the conclusion, based upon a divorce petition by the husband, that the marriage is broken and beyond repair, the wife has the legal right to VETO such divorce based upon “grave financial constraint” to her. Read: hefty negotiated settlement alimony. Unless the husband is willing to buy divorce from her, he has no choice but to continue living with her. This right to veto comes on top of 4 different laws that already exist under CrPC, HMA, PWDVA and HAMA which enshrine a woman’s right to alimony and maintenance for life.
Not only did the ice cream make it in its frozen form, the crew on the Weather Channel loved it.
A new generation of anti-capitalist feminists has emerged in the last years across the world. Although not without tensions and disagreements, these new feminist currents have been in constant dialogue with different traditions of Marxism and the Marxist critique of political economy in areas ranging from social science, philosophy to art history. With the aim of providing a space for this dialogue, the 9th Historical Materialism conference inLondonwelcomes presentations exploring the synergies between the feminist and the Marxist critiques of capitalism in their various articulations.
"Of course, Sgt. Gottlieb didn't take any notes of the meeting"--report prepared after indictments.
“And does that have any effect?”
Because failure, if I may be allowed to steal from the movie Wall Street (Directed by Oliver Stone, released in 1987) is good. If success is a given, there’s no emotional payoff and the thrill of victory is deflated and meaningless. These are things that you do not want happening to your story.
Then we went back to the dorms to meet up with some of the Vietnamese people. The three of us Canadians met up with Shaphire and 4 of her friends to spend the day hanging out and going to pagodas. The pagodas were in district 9 and we had to take motorbikes to get there. Every time I hear “district 9″ I keep on thinking of that movie with the alien ghettos.
I digress! Here's my digi layout of her at Daytona Beach:
Though on observing my obvious distress and look of complete devastation quickly countering 'its not the end of the world though...'
Like Crazy
I deared him. I befriended him. I loved him. But he never deared me, never befriended me, never loved me! I am being totally ignored by him!
There’s a one-sided pull out poster in the book. I’m not sure if it’s intended for these to be taken out or not, but there’s never an easy way to take them out without either destroying the poster or the book. So in the book they end up staying. -_-
One of the biggest things Smashing Magazine recommended in their article: “Useful Design Tips for your iPad” when designing for the iPad was to really take into account the horizontal and vertical orientation options – both are SO important and a major feature of the iPad. It was highly recommended that the designer sketch out both ways for every screen option – many times you will find what looks great in horizontal takes up too much space vertical.
Our hot air balloon pilot looked young enough to be at home watching cartoons. He probably didn’t have a driver’s license. Yet, he busied himself preparing a balloon and a rickety basket for an ascent thousands of feet into the sky.
Lt. General Patrick M. Hughes, USA (Ret.)
P.S. If anybody knows where the Grand-Master Designer of Every Thing is these days and what he’s up to, I’d be very grateful if they could transmit my regards to himself!
Why am I so riled up about this assault on a woman’s uterus? Let’s see, even though this does not affect me, I am still a woman. It is because buying condoms (which are for men) are easy, nonprescription and cheap. Buying birth control (which are for women) is not easy, prescription, and are not always cheap. Both methods are for prevention but only one is a source of contention. It is because getting the snip snip is easier and less expensive for men and it is the opposite for women. It is because I have worked with the poor and mentally ill population. I have seen an adult with the mind of a 10-year-old get pregnant with her “boyfriend” after she did not take her birth control. I have seen a heroin addict mother give birth and lose custody to her 4th or 5th child. I have seen a woman with the mind of probably a 6-year-old, usually smell like pee (because she peed on herself all the time), wanders the street with a very serious mental illness who had missed her contraceptive injection and was on her usual sexual promiscuity with men who took advantage and the staff’s major hope is that she is not pregnant. It is because not everyone who wants to go the route of the Duggar’s or take your chances during sex, by monitoring the menstrual cycle and the withdrawal method, because women cannot afford birth control.
Edited to add: And I love it. Goes on easily, the whiteness fades quickly, and it works well. The only downside is cost-- the tube is very small and lasted us less than two weeks for just one little girl. I ordered two more tubes.
I mentioned in my last post that many changes were coming in 2012. One of those changes being My Friend and I going our separate ways after a little over 2 1/2 years. I'm moving out. I signed a lease on an apartment of my own. I have the key in my hand. I am 100% moved. I'm scared, excited, nervous and tired. I'm so tired.
Think about that. Could you put a monetary value on your relationship with your friends? How about with your coworkers? Just as it is hard to quantify the strength and positive effect of your personal re­lation­ships, so it is difficult to measure the value of online relationships.
Hair: E57, 53, 51, 50 and dark umber pencil
To the cage with that. I decided to go after the spellcaster that was hidden in the trees while dodging bear teeth and claws. Apparently Greyjacket had the same idea and guess who was sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g his pet wolf? The sodding gnome. He started to pin me down with arrows and then bolted when flying puke man got to close. They chased like school girls until the gnome suddenly just fell over holding his head. Looking back to the rest of the group, the bears had been slain. I looked at myself, my weapons still sheathed and I wondered why I didn’t just break out a bottle of wine and watch. I would have been just as effective.
You know how you get caught up in the craziness of life, to the point where you sometimes forget that not everyone is living it with you? Or how you make so many updates on Facebook, that you neglect the poor blog you started as the original update location? Well, that's how it's been here.
I liken the college search to riding without stirrups. It isn’t easy. There are a lot of colleges and universities and majors and locations and student organizations to choose from and you feel like your mind is being pulled in a hundred different directions when you’re starting out – much like your leg can tend to flop around looking for that perfect position when your stirrups are first taken away. What’s more, school web sites can be hard to navigate and you will find all kinds of contradictory opinions about your potential colleges online that leaves your brain reeling. (It’s just like how nearly every riding instructor seems to have a different approach to riding without stirrups.)
Traore’s appointment, given that he was a leading presidential contender, raised questions about the neutrality of the interim government within the political field. Commentators like Dr. Bruce Whitehouse have also argued that the junta has not, itself, left the field.
It is a very good example of one of the problems in modern America. People decide everyone else's business is theirs and think if they make enough noise they will get their way, even when it is not their tax money at stake, their job, their community, their state. At least ninety percent have not read whatever legislation is on the board.
“I’ve met some fantastic women through Nancy and Marie,” said Mark. “I’m looking for a combination of Mother Theresa and Cindy Crawford,” he joked, adding that “beauty and a nice figure only last so long.”
Area 27- Driving With The Future Self
Let's just say one day...I kinda lost it. I needed out.
“Please don’t do this, Seth. Whatever happened to that little girl, it had nothing to do with what Jeff and Riley were coming to me to talk about. But, if you get Jeff’s permission, I’ll tell you all you need to know. Don’t make me break his confidence,” she said as she dropped her head and stared at her lap. “Not too many people trust me these days,” she finished in a whisper.
Then we'll know that Barney's dead.
Subway is crazy! Depending on which line, it’ll be very crowded, well, its not something new compared to SG. One thing different is that they would not say “excuse me” when they want you to move, they either “simply push past you roughly” or “wait patiently behind you till you get the point”.
* I have baskets in our 'mudroom' entrance of the house where shoes and bags and coats etc can be placed when taken on and off during the day. This stops the washing from piling up too, because we don't go sifting through drawers looking for more clothes to wear etc.
Photos: Jan Henriksen (01, 06), Johanne Strenov (02, 03), Morten Heiselberg (04), Svein W Olsen (05)
I sat down at the kitchen table today, to start a book, the book I have been meaning to write. I have been waiting for my story to arrive. Turns out, I have been living my story. It might be a slim volume, but it will be filled with the only things I can give: love, memory, and honor. It will be for you, Blanche Susan Land Batnick. It will be a book for my mother.
Most German men have humiliation fantasies anyway. That’s obvious from their pornography, which frequently depicts submissive men being bullied by large, sexually voracious women. When Boris Becker impregnated a waitress in a restaurant, he made sure everyone knew about the short duration of their coupling, which apparently lasted no longer than 10 seconds. Is that the kind of detail an arrogant, macho fellow would share with the world? And let’s not forget Stefan Moses, the kinky photographer who showed people naked pictures of himself so he could draw attention to his puny appendage.
Thanks guys for all your prayers and...for bein' you. The best friends a guy could possible ever want. :^)
Once again I have been privy to people say they are: Unschooly, Unschoolish, try to but freak out, some people say I'm unschooling and some don't, I don't care about the label...
-a lovely heat resistant red satin styler roll bag
Whites will be hunted down, rounded up and openly shot in the streets, children and women would be raped and then massacred with the support of the Western Liberal Media dogs and whores who would film it and praise the ANC for their "revengeful" acts against whites South Africans.
Something a little less serious, you say?
so it came to be
The figure above shows that the search results for keyword "seo", Wikipedia was in the first position. You can try to find other keywords, and can see the results. Wikipedia does have so many pages that rank high in SERPs. Here bebarapa reasons why these sites often appear on page 1 Google
In Flossie and the Fox, also by Patricia McKissack, Big Mama asks Flossie to take some eggs over to Miz Viola at the McCutchin place, but tells her to watch out for the fox. Flossie does as she's told, and when the fox comes round, she outsmarts him somethin' fierce!
In fact MOST mammals eat their own placenta and the benefits are said to be that it encourages milk production, and encourages the uterus to shrink down after birth.
its the advertising that made me do it
It is made from an special aluminium alloy developed for the aerospace and automotive industry. The alloy is lightweight but strong, with excellent heat resistance. The 8,000 circles also reduce the weight of the final design, whilst ensuring strength isn’t compromised. The Torch weighs 800 grams.
Just enter it into the Promotional Code slot before you checkout!
This one has been kicking around in my collection long before I started Wilfully Obscure. I remember appreciating This Years Version... at the time I obtained it, but was never quite over the moon about it. My stance on this disk is essentially unchanged today. A roughewn punk pop quartet who peppered their music with tinges of emo, Six of One Half Summers had gobs of potential, though they demonstrated it inconsistently. "Tell Me What to Call This," "Look at That Left Coast," and "Five Hundred Dollars" exude the tuneful prowess of Superchunk and the strenuous thrust of Texas is the Reason. Elsewhere, This Years Version... is occasionally appealing (if not tolerable), but had Six of One Half Summers stuck it out and honed their craft for a few more years, a quantum leap may have been in the cards.
He can only one of these imbues at a time per armor, so don't think you can stack these on. Also, it is highly advised that unless you don't mind grinding for parts or have extras, wait awhile before imbuing armor. I don't know the values of any of the besides hp, because hp seems to be the most worth it. This is not a required quest, btw, just a small additive.
Back to tea...
Hawkins said, "Yes. The final battle when Jesus returns."
10:00 AM - Get to target. Put Penny in the Erg.o carrier and Macie in the cart. It's really hard to lift a toddler when you have an infant strapped to you (b.t.w.). Target is relatively easy, EXCEPT that Macie has taken to pinching me. It's not a real pinch (she doesn't squeeze) but I don't know why she does this and I'm obviously trying to shut this down. At home I'll give her time out, but in a cart in the middle of target when I have Penny, how on earth do I reprimand her (I told her No very sternly). She didn't seem to care.
Thanks, as always for stopping by!
Me: Thankfully, Daddy doesn't look like a Kimberly. I might not have married him if he did.
Cambree learned she is grateful not to live during this time period.
The 60 x 60 ft. plant billboard, located along Northbound EDSA-Forbes, utilizes a thriving species of Fukien tea plant, which absorbs air pollutants. According to botanist Anthony Gao, each plant can absorb up to 13 pounds of carbon dioxide in a year, on the average. “This billboard helps alleviate air pollution within its proximate areas as it can absorb a total of 46,800 pounds of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, on estimate.” Gao says.
Many senior citizens were seen walking the “Moss Mile”, enjoying the beautiful weather with their grandchildren.
I will be back later this week with some pictures of stuff we have been up to lately not a week ago.:)
than seeing the real you,
- David Foreman, co-founder of Earth First!
My wardrobe continues its constant evolution. I have been slowly but surely selling most of my designer finds via eBay. This has been facilitated by my recent aquisition of an iPhone 4 which I don't love in the way I loved my HTC phone when I first got it, but which has undeniably made certain tasks much easier. The eBay app, which means that I can take photos of an item and upload them into my listing as I go along, is one case in point.
Recently a reader emailed in with their story after reading about the action you can take in serving a notice in response to a PCN (See more on that here).
Potential Insights: This will reflect on their level of self-confidence and their estimation on how tough the competition is. In combination with the post-event.
fades
I am pleased to say that it was received with smiles and kind words and even got played on MTV in Italy! And I must add that I would never have made it to the end if it weren't for the patience and brain of my kind brother.
The 7-foot-1, 325-pound center in the twilight of a brilliant career is coming to the Eastern Conference champions, hoping to add to his four NBA titles. Will he be a great asset or a major problem?
... using authenticity to distinguish between pop and rock is no longer valid, though it continues to serve an important ideological function, helping differentiate particular forms of musical cultural capital. (Shuker 1994, p. 8)
Then we drove a little further down the road and found the people we were heading to see. They live in a place where the tourists always stop to take pictures. They have a boat and they go out on the water, where whales swim over to inspect them until they switch off their engine. Moose live behind their house. (I am jealous of anyone who has seen moose in the wild, but everyone assures me I'll see one soon.)
Alex and Sonia seem to be the perfect couple. He is good looking, she beautiful; both of them architects with a successful firm and a luxurious lifestyle. The only thing missing from their life is their first child and it is the strain of trying to achieve that final piece of the picture that threatens to disintegrate the foundations of their marriage. It's slightly more complicated than that of course but the idea of marriage as a construct is very fitting for this couple. Alex chose Sonia as a fitting mother for his children, a woman who seemed to ooze success and the promise of a good life together. Looking back on his marriage many years later he realises that 'Sonia was a project ... No sooner had we reached one goal than the next loomed into sight, we were never done.' What is crucial is what came before this logical decision to marry Sonia.
This is for moms only but of course you can invite a friend as long as you both RSVP by this Friday by contacting Amanda Dagostino by email at Aeasunshine@gmail.com or call at 540-849-9092.
Of course, the degree to which you let the person’s decision affect you is related to the weight you place on the approval of other people. If you put your worth in the approval of others, you definitely are “in for a trip” because it’s not a very stable thing to base yourself on.
Among the 68 suspects named by judicial authorities on Friday were Vangelis Marinakis, Greece's top football league official and chairman of champion club Olympiakos Piraeus, and Avraam Papadopoulos, national team and Olympiakos defender. Late on Friday, a court order banned all 68 from leaving the country."
Whether you're moving out to the wilderness, or just want to take small steps toward being able to take care of yourself, The Self Sufficient Life will give you the advice you need to make the most of what you have.
He moved faster; so did the furtive footsteps.
Pennac shows how some children are made to feel failures early on and develop a fear of books that can last for life; while others - the ones who learn how the system works - can end up experiencing novels as things to be analysed and talked about rather than as stories to fall in love with. "What we need to understand," he says, "is that books weren't written so that my son/my daughter/young people could write essays about them, but so that they could read them if they really wanted to."
“They can come to make arrangements, or if they don’t have any previous arrangements, they can give us a call.”
shopping spree from Want2Scrap.
Now if only this darn snow would melt, I could get these babies into the ground!
Grapefruit halves will be on the menu for sure, along with quiche which is probably one of my favorite foods on this earth. And maybe some roasted rosemary potatoes.
I run into my house and let out a scream. Completely responsible parenting sometimes includes mania. I still stand behind this act for reasons of insanity. I am so drained of all energy I just don't have it in me to deal with anything else. I snatch the phone off the cradle and punch each number in to dial the rental car company muttering under my breath. I ask about a spare set of keys and, big surprise, of course they don't have spare sets. Makes sense to the rational person, but I am not rational at this point. I have lost all civility and I become verbally combative with the poor associate at the rental car company who is delicately trying to tell me that there is no such mechanism to lock an idling car as protection (although I am still not convinced) and suggesting that accidents do in fact happen. "Ohhh, so this is my fault?!," I stammer. Wow, I am not in good shape. I fully explain the situation that I MUST get my kid to school and he meets me with "You probably are going to have to call Roadside Assistance and have someone come out. And, yes, you will likely have to pay for it." Oh snap.
Just Sayin..
you look for me,
highly unlikely to grow any further, even shows signs of waning.
I'm pretty sure that you guys have given up any hope you might have held for my return, but guess what??? Starting next week, I am going to be back FULL FORCE!!
I haven’t shared much about what we’ve gone through with Lizzy. Partly, I’ve got a little PTSD from it, and partly, well, it has been going on for awhile now. I’m still recovering.
(For those in need of a refresher: I've become especially interested supporting and tracking the progress of a local brewery that recently opened within a mile of Beer Rant HQ. My point in this is to follow through on what I think was a central message of the documentary film Beer Wars. If we want good, fresh locally produced beers, then we'd better damned well be willing to support such efforts when we see them. I figure Old World is worthy of our time and at least a bit of our money.)
Today was no surprise. The Earth-Shattering topic today, wait for it...... "Is it okay for my baby to eat food that falls on the floor?" Really babycenter, that's the best topic we could come up with this first week in December? I would have perhaps found something about holiday travel, flu season, or winter weather exposure to be more informative.
Here are a few of the awesome peeps I met:
Kore wa Zombie desu ka? OF THE DEAD (Episode 4) – What don’t vampire ninjas do? They pretty much as the scapegoat for each episode where there needs to be a plot device yet there is no best way to incorporate it into the story. What happens next is the chosen material is then placed on the vampire ninjas and they just do whatever is needed to keep the episode going and the laughs rolling. So far the vampire ninjas are in varying levels of the food industry (anyone forget the ramen?), performing arts industry (both classical and rock), and services industry (the pool) among their normal duties. Exactly how does this happen and why it is always the vampire ninjas? I’d love to see the series explore the other characters’ worlds and learn more about them than constantly going back to the three girls who do whatever the anime dictates they do.
'To Philip Smith, two, in silver, £4, 10.
I really took note of all of the storage ideas. Like using fun contact paper chalkboard labels combined with antique crates. I can't wait to replicate this idea in my pantry or on the bathroom counter!
Well then, in summer I'd like to go to Finland for 2 weeks, but we'll see what chances I'll get.
Fans of “Ore no Sora: Keiji-Hen” (TV Asahi) had to wait two weeks for a new episode, but not all of them were willing to wait that long. The drama lost 0.9% (now 05.8%).
Hopping on a 1974 bike felt like riding in his bike basket at 5 years old. There's just something about an old bike and the way it handles that takes me back. I was a little girl again, and I haven't stopped riding since. I love Elsie, and last weekend Grandpa gave me the most perfect, giant silver basket for the back. And one day baby will ride in it just like I did.
My experience with reading Barbara Kingsolver has been uneven. Her first books were interesting and heartwarming, but some of her later work is more political and sometimes degenerates to lecturing on certain causes. However, The Lacuna is an absolutely enthralling historical novel.
Today I'm sharing a project with you that I've been working on the last couple of weeks. No, it's not a difficult project it's just that I'm making a lot of them to send to my nieces and nephews and I can't forget the office at work. They know I've been up to something because I put a box in the ladies room asking them to save the toilet paper rolls. Tee hee!
9. Evening Gown
* His/Her/Your Majesty
I think he might draw the line at giving you his last Rolo, though.
50. In the 20 years between 1975 and 1995 more than 500,000 square kilometers of Amazonian rain forest was leveled to make room for coffee plantations, in Brazil alone!
It is true that Windows Phone does not stand out when it comes down to the number of apps but the OS is as powerful as any major mobile OS out there today. Simple and intuitive. So if you are planning to get a new smartphone and cash is not your best friend in the moment, the Nokia Lumia 610 is your new best friend.
Slug What a story is named, in one word or two, as it moves through the news system
for clarification
After that day, in the days and weeks that followed, I burrowed in. It was a long time before I really communicated with anyone, and I mean “communication” on every conceivable level. Sure, at the time there were plenty of mechanical phone conversations and shallow email exchanges. Friends offering heartening words, asking concerned questions but nothing, no one, really scratched through the veneer of my stiff upper lip and my “getting back to usual” appearance. “Oh, I am OK,” I said, “I had an acquaintance or two who worked at the restaurant, but no one I knew really well (I found out later I was wrong)...just taking it day by day.” but I was NOT taking it day by day. I did not take it at all...it was taking me. For ages, I felt like I was being crushed by an enormous weight! I wrote,
Thank you to Sarah Darer Littman for sending me a review copy.
This ramble I’m creating is mostly for my own benefit, as I start to bash my many ideas about writing and storytelling into a coherent shape. They’re my cats and mice. Fact of the matter is, writing any kind of fiction can be approached from any direction by any means possible. There’s no single way to do it. It doesn’t matter if you’re writing short stories, a novel or a screenplay. There are, however, two things you need to achieve this task in a successful manner and they are a real love for storytelling and a stupid, stubborn, bull-headed will to keep going.
“A 60 could do what I’m doing. That leaves me with 70 extra IQ points sitting around in my head and doing nothing.”
With unsteady tracking
In the oil and gas industry corporate crime is rampant as it is in all corporate sectors. In fact, corporate crime kills more people and costs taxpayers more money than all street-level crime combined. What makes this fact so insidious is that convicted corporate criminals can go right on offending because, as Baron Thurlow so eloquently noted, “corporations have no soul to punish and no body to incarcerate.” I would like to add to this observation that we have no valid legal system representing nonhuman and human life against the corporate murders of our planet. This is why our planet needs engaged and enraged human agents.
I don't know anyone loving McDonalds at the times they film these ads.. and they are full of lies... everyone is sober, after 2am, eating their fourth meal. What?
By all rights, I should not be writing this. I should not even be here at all. I was born three months prematurely, weighing a mere two pounds, six ounces. For the first few months of my life, I was in the hospital, kept alive by feeding tubes and a respirator. My harrowing entrance into the world is a daily reminder for me of the fragility of life, and to pursue my dreams with both joy and urgency – dreams are too important to "put off" till tomorrow!
Here’s the thing, the difference between myself and most non anxious people is that despite the fact that we all think, I take notice of everything I am thinking. By which I mean that a lot of people seem to be able to filter through the muck to get to the important shit. My problem is that I think ALL the shit is important shit. Hence, my taking the opinion of my imaginary alter ego.
Fans of her spiked orb "bombshell" designs will be delighted with colourful new versions, one combining blue agate, white crystals and navy Swarovski pearls and another using amethyst with deep blue crystals and grey pearls. Urban glamazons will no doubt be hankering after her neckplates, gladiator cuffs, gold and silver torques all encrusted with Swarovski gems, as well as magnificent feathery bib necklaces, wrought in gold and silver chainmail.
Don't think there'll be many more surprises tomorrow, but then again, we're getting used to it .......
Twenty-five years ago I wore a lavender sweater with a lace collar and a flowered three-tiered skirt and made my stage debut. I was "She" in the John Guare play "The Loveliest Afternoon of the Year." Chris S. was "He." My friend Randy Landry was the director, and Dave King played the guitar and sang "Moondance" and "I've Just Seen a Face" as he sat on the edge of the stage.
We caught a cab back to the bus station and piled into another colectivo back to Tacna. The border crossing from Chile to Peru was actually easier. No orange peels to confiscate. No passengers detained from our vehicle. I put my backpack through the scanner, and walked through the metal detector with a huge pile of change and keys in my pocket, so of course it beeped. But nobody seemed at all concerned by this. The one guy watching the scanner looked bored, and at least two people behind me also set off the metal detector without anyone so much as shrugging. I had expected to have to go back and empty my pockets like at the airport. Nope.We got our stamps, returned to Tacna, and then… waited around the bus station for five hours because we were ridiculously early. Arica turns out to be two hours ahead of Tacna, for reasons not entirely clear. We bought three litres of water, ate dinner, played cards, and watched the pigeons and stray dogs wander in and out.
I’m loving the category this week because I really love music and Ray Pruit was both dreamy and a dick during his time on 90210! If you remember the show you totally know what I’m talking about.
Picture of the park
I need the culprits. Now.
I will be at Anthropologie working all day, but I'll be thinking of you and sending you love.
Usually, when weaker banks that can't get good funding in the market borrow from the central bank, they do so by accessing the so-called "discount window," and at a penalty rate. But in Europe, because only "bad" banks borrow at the policy rate, the policy rate of 1% is the penalty rate, while the good credits borrow at 0.35% on the open market.
Shout: I don't need you.
I've definitely got Christmas on the brain and it shows.
But I still end up back in this little white box, over and over and over. I've decided writing (no matter how often I break the rules) is in my blood, but that's a post for another day. Or month....
The final step OS Plus takes when scanning your documents is file dismissal. OS Plus can return your files intact, shred them, recycle them, or store them for you. We can dispose of your files in whichever way you’d like, whenever you’d like.
Combine all ingredient for crumb topping in a bowl until crumbly. Set aside.
What can I say, the show was brilliant, had SOOO much fun demo'ing for the four days, we started off the mornings using Tim Holtz distress inks then we did a couple of hours over the lunch time demo'ing Alcohol inks, followed by some art journaling with Claudine Hellmuth Studio line paints and also the Melt Pot, the problem was that we started off with over 700 distress inks on Thursday morning, by saturday evening we just had about a dozen left, and by last night it had dwindled to 3, So we had to keep finding things to demonstrate, I used the blending tools on the spinner and sold out of blending tools, I used alcohol inks, we ran out of Blending solution, I used the melt pot and we sold out of those too lol... it wasn't because we didn't take much, we did, we just sold A LOT, which is great but by Sunday I was down to filling a configurations box that Tim Holtz produces, I used the Tissue tape & filled it with all kinds of trinkets, the result was that we only had a few of those left by the end of the show too ! ... But I had a wonderful time with my Brother Jamie who owns Artist Trading Post, My sister in law Sharon & my Mum as we all worked together for the 4 days. One of the highlights of the show was meeting people who either follow my blog, I know through UK scrappers or have traded ATC's with previously (I always take a small stash of ATC's to shows, you never know who might want to trade !) SO if you came to see us at the show thank you, if you spent your hard earned cash with us, thank you Thank you :D :D
Under Chapter 259B of the Penal Code, failure to pay taxi fare is a CRIME:
This simple scenario sets the Fellowship against four (yeah, 4!) little goblins. The thing is to teach you how to move and shoot with your figures. The Fellowship has to cross the table and escape through the door. In my games the guys mostly just killed the little bastards and ran to safety, covering the hobbits. Not a chance to win for them really.
So Long, Sassoon Wednesday Night Humor Did the ‘Palestinian Authority’ fool the journalists or did the journalists play along with the ‘Palestinian Authority’? Jerusalem parents warned to keep their daughters away from Arabs Iran trying to clean up at Parchin Overnight music video UNRWA closed by protesters in West Bank Does Hamas Have A New Force That Prevents Rocket Fire? Gearing up for war? День Победы – 9 мая 2012 – Иерусалим by AlonelTV Report: Ulpana developer knew that homes were built on private land Забытый герой? Ещё раз об Александре Печерском US and Jordan to conduct joint chemical weapons exercise 36,494 tons of goods entered Gaza last week
Cynsational Giveaway
I like the results, what do you think?
Make no mistake about it, although these workshops, orientation sessions and “sensitivity training” include participants from all races and backgrounds, this elaborate attempt at reprogramming individuals was contrived primarily to recalibrate whites, and especially young whites.
An unforgettable moment in my youngest son's life, she is the apple of her parents eye... not every child is that lucky...
So, thanks to all of you for being good sports and amusing me and better luck next time.
Dear Anni’s Anonymous Friends,
The letter was likely triggered by the ramping up of Random's efforts to digitize its backlist, but possibly also by the fact that Open Road--which was then, like Rosetta Books before it, a startup--had signed agreements with the estate of Random author William Styron to issue e-versions of some of his print books. As in the Rosetta case, Open Road and Random eventually reached an agreement, with Random dropping its opposition to Open Road's publication of the Styron works.
I brought in the last of the Zinnias the other day and took a few pictures.
and birds singing.
Welcome & Declaration of Intent
I figured that reviewing one yogurt cup wouldn’t make much sense since I don’t really know what good yogurt should taste like, so I decided to do a comparison between two different brands of the same type – Chobani’s strawberry fat-free Greek yogurt and PC’s Greek 0% m.f. yogurt with strawberry fruit on the bottom.
PC via the embedded USB port, and then
Cupcakes, in my childhood, were a rarity. My own mother baked cakes frequently. I was always involved in the baking and frosting of these cakes, always got to lick the spoon afterward, and my access to the cake itself was never restricted. But cupcakes were a special thing, something I usually got at school or at other people's houses. Thus, I never encountered cupcakes until I was about six, and unfortunately, my earliest cupcake-memory is not a happy one.
hours later, i got out of the shower.
I wept on hearing what they had to say,
It has adorable cap sleeves but the weather has been ridiculous here, so I had to wear a sweater to keep from freezing.
But wiser counsels prevailed. Sir Pelham Warner declared that, if Haig were allowed to put his plan into practice, “the future of the Empire itself would be at stake”. The rest is history. Attritional cricket – in its purest form – was first ruled “unsporting” by the MCC and then outlawed under the Geneva Convention.
So far the Mobile, Alabama police have arrested one person in the near fatal racially motivated lynching of Matthew Owens. Residents, where the attack took place, are on edge and are hoping for a lot more. The people who lived with the victim say they remain indoors at all times for fear of being attacked.
Sent: Sunday, March 25, 2012 4:35 PM
Multiple pollinators on Pycnanthemum
In other words, many SWP leaders, both today and in the past, have been to public schools. Indeed two current leaders (i.e., members of the SWP Central Committee), Alex Callinicos and Charlie Kimber, have aristocratic backgrounds.
I spent 4 hours
I feel like the emotional part I can deal with. Do I want to? Really, really not. Is it going to be extremely hard for me? You have no fucking idea, but can I? Yup, I believe I can. It is what it is, and I deal with extremely hard things all of the time, its the only way that I survive, but the physical aspect I have no control over, I can not just will it away. The more I think about it the more upset Im getting. I understand that its not preferable for Patty to have to drive all that way just to see me for an hour and I also understand that Becky needs to do whats best for her but at the same time this is not what I signed up for. I didnt sign up to have my therapist switched after a year, and I didnt sign up to have to have both therapies on the same day (I would not have signed my contract had that been the case). I think that Im being incredibly flexible here. This will be extremely hard for me, this is asking a lot of me. I cant fault Becky for this, shes human, life happens, but I it is a huge imposition for me, so I feel like my needs should be met as well. Basically were going to have to figure out a better way to do this or I will be forced to quit and thats not fair to me. I dont want to quit, even given the current situation, I want to continue therapy, I want to get better, but I cant help my physical problems. I do not know what to do.
Perhaps the problem is that technology and the new media has made it so easy for content to be generated, that far too many think they can really generate it. I wish, wish, wish that there was a way for technology to make people honestly assess themselves and their capabilities.
1 Shallot, peeled and minced
I wonder to myself which eye is alive
Logically I shouldn’t feel safe, but I was attacked when I used the ladies room—I had more of a negative attitude using the bathroom that my biological parts go to. I do feel safe here in Portland, but I am more cautious in large groups of people.
Radio station in breach of its license
Place scoops of dough onto a prepared cookie sheet and bake for 12-15 min. Let cool on the baking sheets for 5-10 min., then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
He’s watching telly, is he insane?
overgeneralizations, deflections, and increased vocal pitch
Anyway my total units for day twenty-three are : 4.19 (must've been ill or something).
Hmm…Well, it’s a combination of action, comedy and romance that I haven’t really seen attempted on film before. ‘True Lies’ might be as close as I could get, but it’s different from even that film. It really is quite a ridiculous piece! They’ve put a little something for the males and the females and released it between Valentine’s Day and President’s Day/Washington’s Birthday, so there you go.
The issue of the sick child will be left to your imaginings but it is Wonder Boy-related and is not life-threatening, just unpleasant.
I got most of our Christmas cards done yesterday (yes, for 2008 - I'm that far behind). The Queen had her 5-year-old checkup so that's out of the way, and we're taking her pictures on Wednesday. So some of my relatives will not get their Christmas cards until those pictures come back, because I'm cheap that way. And we might as well just go ahead and stick the Valentines in there at the same time.
Economic Principles
2. that my friend, Sarah, was able to travel safely from Michigan for a day of scrapbooking - or at least chatting, giggling and SOME scrapbooking. Bummed out, though, that she got hauled in at the border by someone on an apparent power trip. I think I may have to head that way for our next visit!
The holy grail of cheese.
“Follow me please”
And see the lights surrounding you
Right now I’m in love with one that looks like something out of a fairy tale and has a very hobbitish living room:
Give A Hoot cart/ pg. 45 Accent/Clover 3"
In order to get myself familiarized with some of the features available on my Gazelle I made 3 different boxes.
There are abundant of bar stools available these days in the market in different ensign and design which can be purchased from furniture stores. If dark setting is fitted in the sphere of which bar stools are placed, black is only color of the nearly everyone well-liked ensign on behalf of stools, especially in the sphere of bars and pubs. These spaces easily develop an atmosphere of privacy and passive lighting, so black bar stools are perfectly matching stools.
For the filling I mixed together 2 blocks of cream cheese with about 2 Tbsp of raspberry jam and a handful or two of fresh raspberries. I stuffed each piece of bread with the filling before dipping it in an egg bath.
Upon the first breath through my nose, I knew I was home. The smell was familiar and comfortable. The sun streamed through the sliding glass doors, across the carpet and onto the tall stools at the kitchen counter where we ate breakfast every morning.
Pre dessert
My biggest weakness is dessert. For as long as I can remember it's been a comfort thing - the kids are finally in bed, Anthony is usually playing video games, I've got the TV to myself and it's just second nature to go to the pantry and grab a packet of mint slices. I'm trying really hard, but no matter what I eat during the day, I'm still hungry after dinner - but I don't think it's because I'm physically hungry. Mentally, emotionally hungry? Craving some attention, some comfort, some TLC? You bet.
I had been looking at the darker quilt on that pattern cover out of the French General fabric. It wasn't until I really looked at the cover that I saw the pastel quilt in the background.
Now, I know what I'm supposed to sound like.
Here is the full first stanza of the new "The Wasteland." I don't think it is Berry's strongest work, but he's done an admirable job of making this a less depressing and disturbing poem.
Here’s how I think I did today on the traditional grading scale of A-F:
This contrasts with Introverted Feeling’s attention to their own emotional and valuative responses. These individuals, while capable of disengaging from the ideals of the community, still focus on their emotional world which is most stimulated in the communal environment. Even when the Introverted Feeler is alienated from their community, they are likely to reflect upon that alienation deeply, turning it into a response they direct at the community.
1) Take down the entrenched, establishment Republicans and their betrayal of conservative values.
A piece of me with you is falling
On the Justice Department’s Failure to Cooperate (p.9):
Having lived in Canada, England, France and Mexico — each of which has distinct aesthetic styles that also vary by region, in materials, colors, scale, proportion — I see design with an eye that adores the brilliant pinks and blues of Mexico, the deep black-green of Canadian forests, the gentle tones of a William Morris print, the impossible elegance of a Parisian maison particulier.
I know the thoughts that surround you
This comet is a bit of an interesting one. Its closest approach to the Sun was over a month ago, at a distance a good 20% greater than the Earth-Sun distance, but the geometry works out so that its closest approach to Earth was just four days ago at a distance just 40% of the Earth-Sun distance. (No worries, though, this is not even close to hitting us.)
The answers to the simple and rational question are equally simple and rational: by stopping, or virtually stopping, further inflow, and by promoting the maximum outflow.
I didn't do any knitting when I got home either... But today I will be more productive!
"Congratulations! You were chosen from Lee Jean?s 120-A-Day promotion on Facebook to win a free pair of jeans on us! Look for them to arrive in the next 4-6 weeks. It may be our birthday, but it?s definitely your party!"
If a person plans a vacation to Florida with his family, he can book airline tickets. International airports like Miami, Orlando and Tampa are some of the busiest airports and provide airfare to Florida.
First, thanks to tweeps on twitter I found out that Gap is having a pretty good promotion/deal right now. Bring in ANY pair of old/worn jeans that you no longer want/wear and get 30% of any pair of jeans from their new 1969 line. It doesn’t have to be an old pair of Gap jeans – it can be ANY PAIR OF JEANS. And yes my fellow Canadians – this promotion is for us too, I went in and checked :) (I hate it when you hear about a good deal/promotion only to find out it’s only in the U.S.) Oh, it also applies to kids & baby denim, so this may be a good time to get a pair or two for your kiddos if you have ‘em. I’m going to get two pairs on my lunch break….I think this is going on until the 20th of Oct. but you may want to double check.
On our return to the safari camp, Lisa told me that she’d been offered the lead part in an adult comedy which required her to appear nude. It sounded like a bad idea to me. There are very few non-grotesque women who can be funny and naked at the same time. (My friend Jungle Jane, who has exceptionally supple limbs, is the exception that proves the rule.) I wondered how to advise Lisa to turn the part down without appearing to belittle the box office appeal of her naked body.
In addition to what is shown in the pictures below they had a greenhouse and a composting toilet (which, admittedly, was the first I had ever seen, and was a highlight of the trip!) Greensgrow is a great place to find fun and fabulous plants for your indoor and outdoor spaces. For directions and hours check out their homepage!
A huge thanks to Chris' dad who has been designing and building this all day!
Insta-love to the extreme. In Twilight, she saw him for a week or so before she was in love with him. Zoel saw Adrien for maybe five hours before she decided she may be in love with him.
This week's piece of inspiration is a basic--but important--one: If you don't own a writing notebook already, find one and make it your own. It doesn't have to be a leather-bound, hand-stitched wonder, but it can be if that's your preference. Really, a cheapie lined notebook will do. I use small-ish notebooks that I buy in large-ish quantities at Bob Slate's in Cambridge, MA. They're inexpensive, but the paper is a soft green that I find soothing to my eyes, and I love the line width. I write a lot, so I need a constant and affordable supply!
Please note: I’ve got nothing to do with the sale, can’t answer questions about titles, conditions, prices, methods of payment, or any of that. I’m just passing on word. Follow Brian’s directions above for getting in touch with him and check out his website, TheBarKeeper.com (where, I imagine, more details will be forthcoming).
For all of my effort and lessons hard-learned, I am proud of this piece, and so share with you the progression in a slideshow. (You can click on the slideshow to see it larger. Click to make it full-screen, then push play. Colors vary because some pictures were by camera, others with my cell phone.)
On first glance, Immortals looks like a mix of two epic movies: 300 & The Clash of the Titans. Tarsem Singh’s latest does well with the narration, set locations, nice vertiginous camera angles, pretty good 3D effect, especially in the fight sequences. However, the movie lacks continuity and a credible script. There is nothing different that the movie offers when you compare it to previously well made Greek epics. Immortals begins on a high and slowly goes down. The story is crappy and very predictable. Any smart movie-goer will surely know what’s going to happen mid-way through the film.
Revelations include:
And a little shave ice on the side?
Here we are now, two thousand and eight hundred days later.
First things first, though: Let's begin with a streaming mp3 of Illogical God Art Bell interviewing members of the GIS (Ghost Investigators Society) about EVP on Coast To Coast AM. Listen to it now or listen to it later, but for fuck's sake LISTEN TO IT! This is one of my favorite C2C episodes, and was the original reason for my interest in EVP. Creeeeepy stuff.
So that's it! It is pretty easy once you get the hang of it. Also, it helps a LOT if you have a hotter straightener. You don't have to spend a lot of money either. Try to find one that heats up to 395 degrees.
When it comes to Kenneth Hite’s work, I don’t know why I continue to fool myself with the platitude, “Oh, that doesn’t sound quite for me. I’ll let that one go by.” Almost invariably, the work, whatever it is, crosses my consciousness still more times. And every time I encounter it, the idea appeals more and more.
but it's still one light."
3. Flip your panel over and score it so that the embossing pops to the front of the card.
Spring time in Provence holds many joys but I think Carnaval would be our kids' favourite.
Public prestige means the judgment of insiders about how the public will react to their own reactions to the president. Public figures count on members of the larger public to accomplish many thing they care about. The politicians, in particular, care about getting elected. So they care about how the public will assess their interaction with the president.
There is hope for a bright future. If done right, one can always escape the darkness if not for yourself, do it for your loved ones especially the ones who need you the most—your children.
Make the mushroom layer: Melt the butter in a large sauté pan over medium heat. Add the shallot and onion; cook until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms, rosemary, broth, and wine if using; season with salt and pepper to taste. Cook until the mushrooms are tender and most of the liquid has evaporated, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool.
Phew....I didn't realise the list was so long :-) To give you an idea of what the poems are like, here is one for you to read.
the bombing, he received a call from Mr. Moses Jituboh,
Work is killing me this week. I JUST got home and it's almost 1230. I'm trying not to stay too ridiculously late, but each night this week has gotten later and later. I'm still one of the first people to leave, which is pretty ridiculous. I think other people in our office must actually enjoy working or something. That, or they're just trying to impress people. I'm not impressed by that. I'm more impressed by people who work hard during the day and manage to still maintain a life outside of architecture. That's one of the things I hate most about this profession. It just consumes your life if you let it.
Wow, I can't believe it's December already and the Christmas holidays are right around the corner! The older I get, the more time seems to fly right on by. I'm not a big fan of the cold Winter months, so I'm crossing my fingers they fly right on by in a wink of an eye. However, in reality, Winter is the only time of year that never seems to fly by for me....it just drags on and on until I don't think I can take it any longer. Since I'm living in a new place this year, I've decided to find a nice sunny space to spend some serious time hibernating in. Sunshine in the Winter is about the only thing that makes me feel better. Nothing beats working in a patch of sunshine on a cold Winter day surrounded by some happy plants.
If you thought the obsessed-with-the-third-secret-of-fatima gang were scary....
He kneels to hold me, and looks in my eyes. ‘It’s time. Quick, now! Put up the wall.’
Suzie Katayama - cello
Angie's recent post on self-compassion gave me a lot of food for thought. It's an incredibly rich piece - deep and meaty as Angie's writing is and I've only really scratched the surface of what she is saying but it has made me think. As has the renaissance of new and fragile faith in me. I have missed it, I'm simply not cut out to be an atheist or even an agnostic but it has been a slow and painful journey to this place. A place where I sit with the doubts and my certainties and it's okay, it works and I find peace there. The two together have left me reflecting on the relationships I destroyed when my baby died.
marriages of Zuma...
"My mother was right: When you've got nothing left, all you can do is get into silk underwear and start reading Proust." - Jane Birkin
I can't help but wonder if Desmond ever read Our Mutual Friend before he "died".
While the rolls are cooling, combine the frosting ingredients in the bowl of a food processor. Blend until smooth and creamy. Spread on slightly cooled buns. Serve. (Yields 12 rolls)
This event is related to the ribcage pain I mentioned earlier.
Mellie knew she couldn’t go back. They would only ridicule and torment her further. Her mom would never believe it was Chelsea’s fault. No, the evidence was on Chelsea’s side. Who was the one with the sand all over her oily, coconut-smelling body? Who was the one who had a sandwich full of sand? Mellie walked on.
So a lot has happened since you passed, but you are never forgotten, be sure of that.
Me: Eddie, if I had to pick anyone in the kitchen to lose my virginity to, it would be you.
“Which brings up the question posed by several of you, both here and on Joe Konrath’s blog: what are you people doing to earn that 15% commission? Pretty much what we do now to earn that 15% commission. Our commitment to this is more than just uploading and watching the dollars trickle in. In addition to all we do as agents, managing self-published properties will be part of our job: updating metadata, copy, next-book excerpts, etc. It’s not just vague managerial duties, but concrete tasks that we will be adding to our other duties.For some authors it will be the beginning of building a publishing career which may eventually include a traditional publisher because of the success generated by the e-book. For others, it will mean making worthy books available that are out of print and which still have potential readerships. And, we will want to try to exploit subsidiary rights whenever possible, with the understanding that even with traditionally published books some of these rights do not get picked up.”
Fill a pretty bottle with good quality water and add sprigs of applemint. Depending on how intense you want the flavor, slightly bruise some of the leaves, releasing the applemint oils into the water. Refrigerate for a couple of hours. Serve with plenty of ice and a nice sprig of mint.
Lisa Germano Top Ten:
I am pleased to welcome the author Gary Ghislain today. Take it away Gary:
‘Listen to me! This is insane!’
And problem Numero Dos that's preventing us from moving on, is the paint application. Since I wanted a lacquer look (which shows every single flaw), I let a professional handle it. My painter 'floated' the walls (much like he did when expertly enclosing this opening), then sanded them smooth. The trim and cabinets are painted with a brush, creating a smooth, shiny surface. But for the walls, he used a really nappy roller....which caused the paint to dry with an orange peel texture!!
So you cannot buy it.
She is currently stable, but she still needs your prayers. She was diagnosed to have down syndrome. I have been grieving something terrible. This was such a shock to our family. I have been a ball of nerves, so anxious, hardly sleeping. I need prayer for peace and that I can meet the needs of my sweet baby as well as all of my other children, including being able to keep up my housekeeping and homeschooling the children. Please also pray that Samantha will not develop any health issues and be in and out of doctor's offices and surgeries, and that God would bless her with a high IQ and a strong body, that she would be able to lead a normal life and develop normally, meeting the milestones at the same rate as other babies and that she would have good speech. I would also ask you to join me in praying for a miracle healing for her, that God would miraculously bring her chromosomes in balance with the proper number and that he would basically take her down syndrome away. I know this is a tall order, but nothing is too hard for God, and he still does miracles; so why not my little one? I need some true prayer warriors that would continually lift Samantha and our family up in prayer. Do you believe that God still performs miracles? Can you stand in the gap for Samantha and believe God for a miracle for her? If you can commit to do this for and with us, maybe even a specific day and time each week or day, please let me know so that I can be encouraged that there are people out there praying.
A variant of a machicolation, set in the ceiling of a passage, was colloquially known as a murder-hole.
She looked at Jinx. He didn’t say a word, just closed his eyes again slowly.
Simpson WJ. A preliminary report on cigarette smoking and the incidence of prematurity. American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology 1957; 73: 808-815.
On Saturday, Abby turned 2 years old! In many ways, it's hard to believe and in other ways, it seems just right. Of course, as any mother does, I recall the day she was born with the clarity as if it were yesterday. There is nothing in the world like the moment after a baby is born, holding her and looking into her gorgeous eyes. Welcoming a baby into this world is such a miracle and a blessing!
Sometimes, when you're a mom, trying to be everything -- mother, wife, homemaker, blogger, and whatever is expected of you to do to appear a "fulfilled mom," one who "has her own interests," you end up more frustrated than when you put it all to one side and find the joy in the moment. Of course there's time here and there for blogging and for cooking and for this or that interest, but it's okay to let all that take second place to the baby. It will all still be there when the baby's grown.
So what does all of this mean? First of all, it means that I follow wayyyy too many blogs - this isn't even everything that happened in the last 6 hours, and it's already full to the brim of awesome! Second of all, it means that I need to try not to fall behind. Seriously.
to find a ground to be
At one point I only half jokingly told her that I felt like one of her counselling clients. She was not particularly amused and took the line that half an hour with Adrienne was better than nothing at all. "I'll try to get to see you next week", she said earnestly, in the process giving more weight to the jest.
7:40 - Get up
This doesn't work with every belt, either. The thicker and stretchier the belt, the better it will work to keep the cuff in place without looking weird or feeling uncomfortable. This brown belt works perfectly for this type of thing, which explains why it's featured to heavily in this post.
Spoon-shaped
Well I am just back from an AWESOME weekend!!! I went to the first Scrap and Chat retreat held in Blackburn, Melbourne!!! Well done to Malinda Gardner on organising a fantastic weekend. Awesome location, inspirational and fun company, great food and lots of scrappy time!!!
But it has found a new spot in my kitchen.
mushroom: 200 gms
Most investors, however, have presumed that their own abundance and prosperity would be safe… to such an extent that they did not look at the cards before placing their bets (bids) on aggressive speculation in real estate. But that is just the start of what I mean by oblivious.
I can only speak for my own experience when I say that I couldn't even get to the tables I wanted to, and when the call to pack up was given at 6, I went home empty handed. One of the greatest pleasures of attending these shows is discovering new work and meeting new/rarely seen people, and I felt at the end of a pretty uncomfortable day that I had largely missed out on both of these, with the exception of a very pleasant chat with Sarah McIntyre.
Well, the rain that has been falling almost non stop since we picked up our hire car on Saturday has finally stopped, for now!
I love the internet. I always have. I know it has a wealth of information. I always knew that so much good could come from it if only people would give it a go. What I didn't know is that there are SO MANY people out there already doing it! I've been "blog-hopping" tonight rather than sleeping or making my bead soup piece (bad GillyBean! lol) and I've found so many inspirational things. All thanks to well, last fall I broke up with my very controlling boyfriend. Took a drive to town. Bought myself something pretty and ended up thinking to myself. I can do that! ...and with the new freedom and empowerment that I felt I decided at Christmas time that I would make myself a watch. It was a hit with everyone who saw it! I ended up selling quite a few. Still have some orders out there. I've also branched out into earrings and bracelets. Nothing big but, I love making things that other people love as much as I do. ...and I am always so surprised at that! lol (pictures of these things to follow, I know I have to get more up here...I promise I will!)
I love hand quilting. It takes longer, but gives a lovely handmade look, and its much more sociable than noisy machine quilting. My technique for hand quilting is not necessarily the 'right' way, its just how I do it, and its not difficult. Its a matter of practicing and not insisting on perfection straight away. It doesn't bother me that my stitches aren't always even, otherwise I don't think I'd enjoy hand quilting much.
Oh, dear. This, too, Sukarno’s imprint on Bâri′?
just behind her
Did you miss out on our last fundraising opportunity with Ordinary Hero??? Well, you have a 2nd chance to get in on the awesome grant competition that they are having. The top three sellers will get $500 dollars towards their adoption funds! I have to tell you - not only does this place sell really cool shirts, but also you can help people in Africa! They also sell Bibles, blankets, rain coats, aqua shoes, and animals (donkeys and sheep!!) to be donated to children and families in Africa. Affiliates (that would be Eric and me!) still get 40% of these purchases bought to go towards our adoption! All funds go straight to our adoption agency. Just be sure to click my name in the drop down box at checkout! This competition lasts until August 29th!
It will pass, your love will not, uncorrupted if it stands by infatuation or envy ;
Henry Hopkinson. Osborne M.P. is thinking of introducg. Bill under 10 min. rule.
Just a quick reminder, to all those that signed up for my giveaway I'll be announcing the winner on Sunday. If you haven't had a chance to sign up yet it's not to late. To enter all you have to do is leave a comment on the post below. That's it, nothing more. Oh the giveaway is for various flavors of teas from Teaporia.
Now that it's October and feeling like fall here, I'm ready to start making breads, chili and anything with pumpkin. Fall is my most favorite time of the year! I love the crispness in the air, the leaves changing colors and wearing warm, cozy sweaters.
Yet, knowing what I know now, God has never left me, I just see it now, in the things that have happened in the past, but I just wasn’t ready nor willing to give my life up for Him. Why should I, if He loved me, He wouldn’t have left me? Or let all these bad things happen to me!!! This is how I would think.
P.O.Box 80
The LifeHacker article describes an implementation of Seinfeld’s idea. I read this article 3 weeks ago and immediately tried my own version. Everything I did is pretty much the same, the only difference is that I decided to have only one calendar for all 3 tasks I want to do everyday. Whereas the author describes having a separate calendar for each task. For me, I didn’t like the idea of having to manage multiple calendars. So, if I did my 3 tasks for the day, that’s when I get to X my calendar. Also, I chose a green marker instead of red.
NorthSTAR returned only 55% of its students to high school and that program costs $11,409 per student.
Let me assure you that Amazon.com does not support or promote hatred or criminal acts; we do support the right of every individual to make their own purchasing decisions.
he’s always beside you wherever you go.
4. Stir in the sugar and milk, mixing until the sugar is dissolved. Taste, and adjust sweetness, if necessary. Refrigerate until completely chilled.
This guy seems pretty nice, and we’re just going to watch a movie. He’s funny and he hasn’t given me a reason not to trust him.
Watch the trailer below:
We came at a crossing where we had to make a decision, when I saw a road sign, which would take us to a place full of memories that we had not seen for ages. As we neared, a helicopter flew over, we saw lots of military vehicles, meandering the narrow road, crossed a small bridge and round the bend... we were stopped by military police, we were very puzzled.
Hesitates.
What about antibiotics? The use of antibiotics is necessary to control illness in massive chicken houses. Too many animals in an enclosed environment can become sick. Trouble is, some poultry that is labeled antibiotic free only means the chickens themselves haven’t been given antibiotics. It doesn’t mean the chicken feed doesn’t contain antibiotics, or that they were administered to eggs before the chicks hatched.
I'll be back later to add my card to any challenges it may fit but for now here it is!!!
Escondido proudly exhibits the Filipino heritage in its entire interior. All decorations and furniture are from the different regions of the country. Antique vases, jars, tables, and cabinets were sourced from the northern to the southern parts of the Philippines. Each room represents a particular region in the Philippines. The hotel is modern yet uniquely traditional Filipino in style.
Carol Denbow: Author assisted publishing is a totally new type of book publishing. What did you get out of this experience that you would not have got from a traditional publishing house or doing it all on your own?
Would it be possible to write a film that invites the audience to join the Dark Side? To seduce them into agreeing that the real solution to all mankind's problems is to be found in this one little pill, and really, the last thing anyone really wants is the freedom to be miserable. Just eliminate free will and initiative, and all will be well.
Review copies,
I am an atheist, and my family is incredibly religious. Up until recently, I was the Chief Financial Officer for 2nd Markets Corp, a multi-million dollar antiques and precious metals consignment business founded by my father and I. While my parents were aware that I am not religious, they had never come to terms with the extent of my disbelief. This is partially my fault, for not being open and also theirs, for cultivating a relationship with their children that precludes honesty on pain of abandonment or irrational amounts of anger and shaming. In the past, I had very little sensitivity for my parents feelings regarding my decisions as an adult, especially considering the reward for being on their good side was mainly less frequent nagging. However, my working relationship with my family was ideal. We respected each other, there was freedom and authority in what i did, and we avoided topics that were unsavory or too personal.
B: DVD…add movie theaters to the places they should always let you drink beer.
Felt, hot glue and/or E6000 glue, a round object (I used a mason jar lid) to trace, rings/clips, ribbon and embellishments if desired.
88**************************************************************************88
Bad idea, 'cause he's ARROWED to death on his way around. Yep, I sat down for a second night with Forest of Doom, only to be spared by a test of luck.
Have you heard about the movie Courageous? Have you seen it yet? I highly recommend it. In fact, I recommend all that Sherwood Baptist Church has made. They just keep getting better! I laughed. I cried. All through the movie. The greatest part is that we got to share the experience with some of our family members. Even my husbands' parents. His dad is just about to celebrate his 87th birthday. He had headphones on to help him hear the movie. He helped make the movie a wonderful memory because he would speak out loud during the movie. At one point in the movie a character was being tested. He says in a loud voice, "he won't do it!" It was precious.
10/23 Salt Lake City, UT @ Burt's Tiki Lounge
I’m not usually one to suffer jetlag, but I think this might be what it is. It’s either that, or I’m just too effing excited to be here. What’s going on? I’m having trouble sleeping. I sleep, on average (until now) about 6 hours a night. This isn’t normal for me by my German-life-standards. In DE, I NEED 8 hours of sleep in order to function. Here, I’m naturally waking up after 5 or 6. I used to be a 6-hours kind of lady when I lived in the states, but not lately. So I’m not sure if this is a jetlag issue (honestly, I have to force myself to go to bed, I’m usually not even tired when I go to my room) or just an ‘I’m so excited to be here that I can’t turn ‘off” issue.
This is the amazing page I had to scraplift...
The package depends on the package currently
In the meantime, if you do not already have your own 'heirloom' pineapple tart recipe, I welcome you to start here.
In "Enter Sandman," Metallica advises the little boy who is scared of the dark to "sleep with one eye open." It is possible for humans -- especially children -- to sleep with one or both eyes open. But if you do sleep with one eye open, you wouldn't see anything -- so it doesn't do you any good.
Toad in the what? I don’t know, but just stay with me, okay? I promise this dish is so moreish and comforting, you won’t want to eat anything else until March.
~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
We've been having a bit of it here...and enjoying it, too.
Reason 9:
How many wretched ‘sweethearts’ vow and moan
Me: Oh come ON! This was one of my favorite albums in high school...it was one of the biggest albums of the decade! Prince is super talented. He can play a ton of different instruments--piano, guitar, bass, drums... And you should see him DANCE. He's AMAZING!!
“Andrew,” she said again; her looking directly at his eyes, making him stop. Only it couldn’t be her as she was too far behind him to be where she was right now — at least not so soon.
Seen (all over Brooklyn for the past three months): the homespun and official workings of the most spirited political campaign in history. The flyer above is but one of a thousand examples, my favorite of which was a hand-lettered 8.5"x11" stapled to a tree on Brevoort that read "Stoop Sale This Saturday: All Proceeds to Obama."
-you don't need me anymore to rock you to sleep in your rocking chair. I now feed you, your last bottle, hold you for a minute or two and then place you in your crib to sleep. You don't even cry anymore, you just smile at me, and then grab your blankie and fall asleep.
When it's going well, it's like nothing else in the world, except for ecstatic sex or maybe flying. (NB: Do not try this at home - it rarely happens this way). You have to believe that what you are writing is the best thing since Shakespeare, Dickens, Austen, Proust and Margaret Atwood all rolled into one. (And that's just the first page!).
I dream a lot about it. Me jumping on a pool of crowd. I think doing a stage jump is like going for those rides which looks dangerous. If you gather enough courage to do it once then it gets into you and you repeat it whenever you get an opportunity. The reason why you get scared is you are never sure if the crowd loves you “that” much. If they are ready to risk their muscles to lift a 75kg throwing itself into them. If they don’t realize enough the “rockstar” inside you then they will surely mock and laugh at you and call you a “wannabe”. You get scared if some damages happen to you as well. There should be a huge positive energy flowing inside you, before you dare to do something like that.
And I am so exhausted.
Alaska and Hawaii please add $15.00 per address to the above standard charges. Expect a 7 - 10 day delivery time on your order.
The mystery of Rogers’ death soon disappeared from the newspapers. The New York City police, which then consisted of motley night-time Watchmen and day-time Roundsmen, who were untrained and lowly paid commoners with little incentive to solve crimes, decided not to investigate any further since the body was found in New Jersey. The New Jersey police felt Rogers had most likely been killed in New York City and that the murder investigation was not their problem.
Ezekiel 36:26
Sigh. Aren't their hatbox arrangements pretty?
Darling it's better
- I won't complain about how much my feet hurt.
Affliction. Stay here and hurt and wait on God? Or entertain evil disguised as fun and escape? I pick . . . evil disguised. I became trapped in seeking fun, escape, reunions of all sorts, and the feeling of being wanted. I think that pretty much sums it up. Once I opened doors to evil disguised, it gripped me and addicted me. I became addicted to being wanted. Satan must have known it too, because he threw out situations and people from the ends of the earth who “wanted” me. And I fell–sometimes farther than others. But Satan had my number, and he kept me tangled for almost three years. I preferred his evil to feeling my pain.
There is a third possibility…they could reject the very notion of sending people to prison for distributing sexual material, no matter how icky, produced by and for adults…AVN correspondent Mark Kernes reports that in his jury instructions [the judge], who had worried aloud about the possibility of nullification while the jurors were outside the courtroom, was “careful to note that even if the jury disagreed with the law, it was still their duty to follow it.” Nonsense. Yes, this is the same obscenity case that was interrupted by the fuss over images on Judge Alex Kozinski’s computer, a controversy that ultimately led to a mistrial…
Association football is the one true meritocracy, and I love it. I don’t love it enough to pay money to see it during the football season, when it’s cold and raining and costs £40 a ticket, or even play it, but free on telly it beats watching miserable cockneys whisper menacingly at each other in a grim soap opera. It is the sport everyone has played, everyone has had an opportunity to play, and those that showed a bit of talent are able to play it well enough to make a decent living out of it. I am uninterested in sports a small section of society play, and whenever such sportsmen pull on an England shirt, whoever they claim to be representing they are not representing me. I wish such sportsmen no ill or misfortune, only apathy and disinterest at their endeavours. Running and jumping? Tennis? Golf? Archery? Dressage? Cricket? Do one. Keep it and do one.
Dollar cost averaging – buying the same amount of fund ($100) each month, averages out highs and lows.
You have to make two different batters for this recipe.
There were two “Dons” amongst the scalpers, each with no less than 70 employees hustling for them. In a complex feeder system, the lackeys would greet you, get your necessary purchase information and ultimately deliver you back to the Don for final determination. I felt like I was in an episode of The Wire.
“I honestly thought I was going to have to be the one to break it to you both,” Finnley chuckled.
It’s at times like this when only risotto will do, it’s comforting, warming and also therapeutic with all that stirring, staring out of the window at the steely sky. I like to make risotto with shortgrain brown rice (it gives a really nutty flavour and great texture) & whatever I have in my fridge, which today is mushrooms, leeks & red onion. I also have a bottle of Marsala in the cupboard which will be fabulous with the mushrooms..
Please enjoy the music of a real Texas trainwreck, from 115 years ago~!
“The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair. The beauty of a woman is seen in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides. True beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It’s the caring that she lovingly gives, the passion that she shows & the beauty of a woman only grows with passing years.”
I didn't have much hope at first...I had emailed the seller, and when she didn't get back to me the second time I assumed it was sold... For the heck of it, I emailed once more (pesky craigslister that I am) and she actually got back to me, saying she missed my previous emails! Long story short, I drove 2 1/2 hours up near Philly to pick the sink up and now here I am! I ended up getting her for $300, which is a lot for me, but pretty cheap when you look at what similar sinks go for!
Davison M. Banning tobacco logos: a look at the issues. Melbourne: Intellectual Property Research Institute of Australia University of Melbourne, 2010.
Luzinski later became a high school coach. His son, Ryan, played in the Dodgers organization, but never made the majors. Luzinski later opened a barbecue restaurant at Citizens Bank Ballpark in Philadelphia.
- Heat wok, fried ginger with some sesame oil till fragrant. Remove and set aside.
how patterns come to be...
Cajun Carbonara
This has been a good week for me, according to Brandon. Every night I have made something he loves, and it has turned out great (more recipes to come this weekend)! It makes me really happy to be able to make things from scratch, considering that about 4 years ago, I couldn’t boil potatoes.
1366 **D-XII/18/2000. “A Clarification Corrected and Expanded.” Memorandum to the Faculty, Loyola University of Chicago School of Law, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2002(5), above, pp. 127-31.)
reputation among the ladies of the Suffolk branch of the Dead Tree Society that was once held so dear by the likes of Shirley Conran and Judith Kranz with Lace and Princess Daisy during the early 1980s.
May you always do for others
At this point, a woman looks at our two carts and asks me, “Are they all yours?” I answer good naturedly, “Yep!
I picked up a really cute pair of PJ pants in Primark for about £1 a while back and have been wanting to make something for one of my babies out of them, but wasn't sure what to make. I finally decided to make Leyla a panel skirt. I think it turned out really well and it took me hardly any time aswell, finished it in one night :)
PLACE: Humane Society
Daly Double - 7.0% ABV
There will also be topic tracking, which will assemble a list of “What People Are Talking About” based upon what links they’re sharing in conjunction with what tags they use.
Getting back in touch with old schoolmates was one of the fun things I was able to do on FB. It brought back a lot of memories. Like memories of playing on The Ocean Wave at recess time. What was The Ocean Wave? Well, imagine a flagpole with a free-swiveling, upside-down metal cup on the top of it. From the rim of the cup were attached spokes that radiated down at about a 60 degree angle and supported a merry-go-round seat. In essence, it was a 3-dimensional merry-go-round/teeter totter hybrid. Sometimes a really crazy kid would jump into the middle when we really got it cranking and run around the pole to avoid being crushed between it and the annular seat. I still don’t know how we all didn’t get dismembered by that thing. But boy was it fun. You just don’t see good playground equipment like that anymore.
1. Chronicles:
Now, I’ve always been considered a pretty mature person, since I was a little kid. Being an only child with a single mother heightens one’s sense of responsibility. But, even so, I really feel like I’m growing up, and it feels great. The best word that comes to mind is ‘liberating’. Liberation from what though? Well, it’s liberation from the fear and at times, excessive pride that can hold me back from living at the level that I know I can, and from the fears that get in the way of building the life we dream of.
Of course science is fallible: none of us pretend that we possess the absolute and final truth, and scientific consensus has been wrong (most scientists once poo-pooed continental drift). Yet science is nearly infallible about many things: water has two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom per molecule, evolution happened, the Earth is about 4.6 billion years old, and objects attract each other gravitationally with a strength inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them and directly proportional to the product of their masses. I doubt that Maud Newton is as “uncertain” about these issues as she is about the existence of heaven or souls.
No, the reassessment consists of different but related questions.
What a load of rubbish. Indymedia.ie only posts what its editors agree with even if you submit something in standard English with references to factual evidence concerning issues which hundreds of people believe in and are concerned about. This is clearly distortion and censorship.
* October 6th 1:00 pm to 2:30 pm - Lunch
...but I do not think that this idea is entirely true. In the midst of the current political blizzard of lies, slanders and shallow promises, it is hard to see truth and the public masks that are worn aren't unlike those creepy clown masks with the empty eyes and painted smiles.
4) I'm sure that are more things you can learn - but, basically, everything goes back to rule 1 - it's all about her!
The three new judges, championed by the centre-right VMRO DPMNE party of Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski, will take office on June 1, when the nine-year mandate of the current judges, Liljana Inglizova- Ristova, Igor Spirovski and Zoran Sulejmanov, expires.
In relating himself to his Jewish audience, Paul sought to impress them with his background. He was brought up in that same city of Jerusalem. He spent his formative years there, but also trained at the feet of the greatest lawyer of the day, Gamaliel. We met this man back in Acts 5:34.
He warned that unless an agreement is reached to raise the amount of money the federal government is allowed to borrow, debt will “weaken our economy, cause higher interest rates for families, and force us to scale back things like education and Medicare.”
LL: That song is about when I was sick not so long ago. I was diagnosed with brain cancer and because of it there were these nerves that gave me massive headaches like every ten minutes. I couldn’t even shower on my own. They didn’t realize it was a tumor until a year after I’d gotten sick and didn’t know if they would ever be able to cure it. They spent a year giving me medication to see if it would go away but it didn’t. It was a really hard time but the worst was not knowing if they would be able to fix it. So that song was about how I felt when I couldn’t do anything. I had to quit my job and school. My friend's mom, a nurse, was basically just taking care of me. Then I went into surgery and they were able to take it away and even with the risks they were able to remove it without any damage so I don’t have to take any medicine now. I’m really lucky.
And if you're in Maidstone on 18 August, she's playing a set at Pizza Express.
My Living Room
If you went with “B” (a good multiple choice technique since test-makers have an unconscious tendency to “hide” correct answers), you apparently have read Jack Williamson’s 1929 short story “The Girl from Mars.” Superman creator Jerry Siegel read it in high school. The “Lost Planet” of Mars, like Krypton, explodes, but not before its scientists save their race by launching unborn offspring to Earth. Siegel must have skipped over the bit about fertilization and gestation, but one of the adopted Martians “was brought up by a farmer,” providing a seed for Superman’s origin.
As if God really made us in his image, down to the part where we, too, can create reality by willing it into existence.
This is one thing that is subjective. Some people like the idea of saving money and going the hostel route, and others are more comfortable doing the hotel thing. We knew that we were going to spend all of our time in Santo Domingo, and that we wanted to be in the Zona Colonial – the Colonial Zone. From there we could walk to all of the major sites, and catch taxis to the other things we wanted to see.
(Side note, you may notice my other use for ATCs and reference... my materials reference cards. Those I have on a key ring and have punched holes in. Though the card that is up on that one is my graphite card, I have samples for all of my pens, gel pens, and some of the pencils. My intention is to eventually have cards for all my colored pencils and watercolors, too. But that's another project...)
I’ve thought about many things that I would quit first. Today, the US faces a growing problem: obesity. There are many causes to this problem, and I believe that fast food restaurants are one of the links on the chain. Much of the food these companies serve their customers is processed and very unnatural. Therefore, I will no longer eat this filth that they serve us. Hopefully, once this month is over I will eliminate eating fast food forever.
New ultra-detailed photorealistic human models, faces and uniforms
What can one say of Chris Matthews, of MSNBC, who has just compared B. Hussein Obama to Henry V in the context of BHO’s campaigning for the 2012 Presidential office, after having confessed to a tingling in his leg as he was listening to BHO’s honeyed prose in the 2008 presidential campaign? Obama, remember, is the man who upon taking office in the White House dumped the bust of Winston Churchill back onto British shores, so dislikeable the second Henry V was to the metrosexual ward of Saul Alinsky, Jeremiah Wright, and the Weathermen.
Try keeping a bottle or jug of water in the fridge instead of running taps until the water runs cold.
"What? A house? No kidding?!", i replied while scratching my head.
The Supreme Court (SC) on Thursday ruled that Gilani is guilty of contempt for refusing to obey an order to write to the authorities in Switzerland to ask them to re-open corruption cases against President Asif Ali Zardari, Geo News reported Thursday.
She can read and write, I say huffily. I do not add: Better than you.
Flyers had been distributed in black schools and neighborhoods that said, “Fight for freedom first then go to school” and “It’s up to you to free our teachers, our parents, yourself, and our country.” On May 2, more than a thousand students skipped school and gathered at the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church. Demonstrators marched to the downtown area, to meet with the Mayor, and integrate the chosen buildings. More than 1,200 children were arrested the first day in a demonstration that received national attention.
The pattern for this and the Charlie brown tree came from:
He laughed. Another sound, a low whirring, came with it.
So from the field of Interior Designing and Furniture making for the cream of the Industrial Houses in the Country for over twenty five years; there happened a 180 degree turn, a somersault, from the outer interior to the Inner Interior in the very body of our cells to find the secret for an Everlasting Life of LOVE PEACE and JOY that is to say the Ageless Body and the Timeless Matter.
I know I already did the 'stepping down' block in the brown-and-white strips, but I really wanted to see how it looked with the dark and light reversed. I'm glad I did it, even if it feels a little weird to be repeating a block in a sampler quilt.
a season of rebirth, joy and hope.
the tasty spell
Author: Heather Hildenbrand
He does hunt. Often. The belly brooks no want and the claws must be kept sharp. So in the faded sunlight that oozes down below the leaves the beast rises to his feet each dawn and dusk. There is blood on the wind and flesh on the bone. The hunger calls, and the time has come to feed the maw.
Trey and I are in college so naturally we have a lot of mismatched hammy down furniture. We had one coffee table in the living room that had a light wood top with green chunky straight legs that wasn't really my style, but very sturdy. Another coffee table was in the garage that was actually almost on its way to the trash because in the process of getting it home from my sister's the bolts to the legs had been misplaced. It had an iron base with swirly scrolls and curvy legs, but had a weird plastic faux marble top that was just too dark for the living room. But, in the effort to use what we have and stay on our low low budget, I decided by attaching the wooden top and the iron base of the other coffee table and together they would form a new fabulous coffee table. Made easy on the eye with spray paint of course!
Many 20th century composers rediscovered his music and payed tribute to him in more recent years. If you don't have a real ear for it you may not notice it right away. This doesn't sound like Penderecki or Schönberg. Think more Wagner or Ives. What? We haven't talked about them yet? In good time dear reader, in good time. Subtly avant-garde or not these are really nice pieces of music. Easy on the ears you might say. You'll want this around to counter what I dump on you next...
Holding me flush against the sheets,
To more Important Topics. Like Husbands.
According to the National Weather Service, parts of Brooklyn could get up to a foot of snow and Manhattan could get 13 or 14 inches today. The snow will start at rush hour and accumulate all day.
Oxford Economics provides economic advice including:
An open question for you ethicists out there: Is there a moral obligation to kill or permanently imprison another human being who has not yet committed a serious crime, knowing full well that failing to do so will result in several people being seriously hurt or killed?
Michael also mentioned his excitement over a new sound system by Dolby that was displayed at the convention. “You know Surround Sound and being encircled by speakers? Well, this adds speakers overhead. So if a helicopter is flying into the shot on screen, it will sound as if it is coming in over your head.” He said it would be next year before the technology would be available to theaters but The Edge is planning to retrofit at least two of its eight screens to accomodate it.
The murderer and peasant-slayer.
That spirit is exactly why I began writing this blog some three years ago, and why I have decided I need to begin writing again.
1 container (15 ounces) part skim ricotta cheese
And that's that, you're done. Now isn't that YUM!
I can't wait to hear how this works for you all! The August menu will be ready on Friday so clean out the freezer and make room for some super easy dinners!
And help get us something special to eat
I love this - the design, the prettiness, the sections. I especially love the Bible verse at the bottom, a little reminder of why I am doing what I do. When you work for a church the distinction between the profession and personal faith can become very blurry, so it is nice to know that amongst the practicalities there is a bigger picture to inspire me.
But the war was good to BIG OIL. It was costly to America and Iraq. America paid 6,000 US soldiers’ lives for that oil. America paid 3tn dollars (and counting) for that oil. And transitioning that oil, via neocon war, into the hands of America’s BIG OIL was well received by BIG OIL.
About one month later, the woman was surprised to see a nice clean wash on the line and said to her husband:
There was a woman selling her house and she had several Hydrangea shrubs for sale. I thought this was weird.. to sell the landscaping of the house you just sold but I want lots o' flowers in front of my house, like yesterday!
We have always supported an Afghan-led political process to help bring peace and stability to Afghanistan, and we continue to encourage all parties to take forward reconciliation. We will continue to engage with our US colleagues on these important matters.We are not going to get a clearer definition of the UK stance, and while there is nothing new here either, it is useful to note the acknowledgement that a political process is required "to help bring peace and stability to Afghanistan", and that the military alone cannot close the deal.
Meanwhile, beat cream cheese and sugar in a large bowl with mixer until blended. Gently fold in whipped topping and crushed Oreos. Pipe or spread frosting on the cupcakes and top with a chocolate covered Oreo. Keep refrigerated until ready to serve.
Anybody who know me well, knows that the feminist Get Out of Jail Free Card of “I am a frail female” does piss me off.
Then they give me a 30 second to air countdown and I sit and wait for the anchor to “call on me”. Sometimes they will go to me first, sometimes if there are multiple guests I may sit for an entire block of the show and thru a commercial break (15 mins or so) before I say anything.
Paul McGowan
Linby was almost hanging onto Tara's pigtails when she raced in with this beauty - also for the LIM challenge. Oh wow, don't the bright pinks work so well together and those little butterflies are adorable. There's a real knack of getting different shades of the same colour to work well together, and you sure cracked it Linby!
Once again thank you for all of your kind thoughts and you will see some crafting projects here soon.
I am entering this card into one challenge:
My dearest Jacob,
3. (1) The owner of or person in control of a public place, or employer in respect of a workplace shall ensure that no person smokes in violation of the provisions of these regulations.
We are all staying upbeat and Mom is still trying to do everything she was before, just doing it in shorter sessions. She is still working on her business and training Lola and I and everything else. We are all excited because it is super warm outside and Granddad opened our pool! As soon as we get the pump fixed, we all get to swim (with life jackets on) and hang out by there!
Still eating the rice & turkey burger, drinking lots of water and her tail is back up where it belongs (most of the time, anyways).
As I was sitting in my studio savoring my chocolates, I looked around I came to the conclusion that if I was fortunate enough to have such a beautiful space, I should be creating better projects. So here it is. I spent a bit more time on this card than I normally do and it shows. I was getting tired of my cards looking the same. An image, a bow and some bling weren't cutting it anymore. Not to say I won't go back to that style, but I knew I needed to punch it up a bit to keep my creativity alive. You can click on the picture to enlarge it and there is a close up picture of the flowers below.
Aftertaste (0-3): Leaves a subtle lingering bitterness at the back of the throat. 3 points
Love to you all...and Happy May!!! ♥
This is a weakness and a strength. Shoulders unburdened with the weight of an Aristotle or a Nietzsche, when the US get in on some cultural action, they do it with such earnestness and desire to augment ("put on steroids" is the ugly cliché I'm trying to avoid) that the mutant results are equally grotesque and fascinating. Yet, for all their enthusiasm, they usually move on to the next thing in increasingly brief allotments of time. Five years in the maximum.
In the real world, where racism is unfortunately omnipresent, when the media tells us to think about something, we’re going to think about it. And because racism is naturally embedded in some people, there is a natural tendency to express racist opinions and actions. And a lot of those people use social networking as their platform.
Last year, Robert White did well: good reviews, career progression, a Malcolm Hardee Award, new gigs and the industry noticed him. But, he tells me:
Downstairs she follows onions beckoning
Thus it was my 16-year-old son, Rogan, was insistent he construct his new flat-pack Ikea bed and 2 shelving units himself with no help from his father.
Tortilla Chips for garnish
A: Only one. But… careful with the ladder!
On Friday I attended the uber fun ArtHouse 2012 party at CAM Raleigh, the year-old contemporary art museum in Raleigh. Aside from enjoying myself wildly (chatting with break dancers, pulling on the mustache of an Hunter S. Thompson wannabe, having a custom, airbrushed trucker hat made for me by an artist, speaking to everyone who caught my eye and grooving with my seriously hot squeeze and my girl Juline) I took great pleasure in the artwork they had on display as part of a silent auction fundraiser.
While waiting for a doctor's appointment, I got the chance to read through Better Homes and Gardens' latest issue. In it, I found a recipe for making scratch off paint. I like their the idea of a lottery ticket Valentine's Day card, and decided to give it a try.
Some of the music is pleasant enough if you hear it on the radio. But to watch these people perform produces a degree of irritation that is unendurable. Both Bono and Chris Martin lunged around the stage in the most bizarre bodily contortions as though they had cerebral palsy. Why, for God's sake?
Will resume the lovelies posts momentarily...
Current state of support
The reader must definitely read book one Tyger, Tyger before tackling this one, otherwise be prepared to be overwhelmed.
well, we put my sweet old girl down today.
Instructors must be available to teach 4 two week camps starting July 3rd and ending August 24th, 2012. The hours are from Monday to Friday 8:45am to 4 pm. The instructors will be in charge of co-teaching and co-directing up to 40 young people between the ages of 6-13 and will work with them towards a full-scale musical theatre production that will be performed in a theatre at the end of each session.
To the English, Grace is cricket and cricket is grace! He represented the pure, amateur and gentlemanly aspect of the game; just as it was before its rampant commercialization. To say that he was a giant in the game would be like saying Burj al-Arab is a tallish tower in the desert. He was a colossus indeed; the game’s biggest superstar and the most respected batsman of his time. His iconic status aside, Grace was a marvellous batsman as well. In a career spanning a phenomenal 43 years, Grace became the first man to score 50,000 first class runs as well as the first to hit 100 centuries, and he did all this on those ropey pitches that no modern cricketer would dare play on.
In James 1:17 we’re told that God our Father gives good gifts to us, His children. Not only does He give good gifts, but He knows perfectly what to give and when to give it. His gifts are not spur of the moment because He forgot a special day was on the way. His gifts are all about perfect timing.
It was one of those rare occasions where looking at clothes and shoes didn't at all involve “fashion” as I know it. It was refreshing to look at clothes and shoes without the lens of trends and marketing. Even shopping at my favourite labels in the past have never been free of this feeling – I was always conscious of being sold and marketed something. But looking at those shoes and listening to Edwin to talk about his passion for what he does – it was a world away from my usual shoe-buying experience, to put it mildly.
In the brilliant video, Björk plays the role of a little girl who lives in a sort of Disney noir forest. As in the best fairy tales, underneath the picaresque surface lurks the sinister and macabre. A cute teddy bear becomes a cruel, marauding beast (Björk ends up in his tummy), while the parallels between human and animal drives are underlined by juxtaposing a moth that flies blindly into a light bulb with Björk as a cosmonaut hurtling to the moon. The video plays on Björk's childlike image and the fact that she comes from Iceland, a country where a large percentage of the population believe that fairies really exist. Appropriately, Debut is an enchanting album.
