Divide dough into 4 pieces, roll out one piece to a 10-inch circle. Place a 1/4th of the peach mixture in the center (about 1/2 cup heaping). Fold up all 4 sides to the center and place in a 13x9 greased baking dish. Repeat with the remaining 3 pieces of dough. Bake in a preheat 350 degree oven for 1 hour or until golden brown. Cool for about 20 minute before eating.
And only real ones. We can write fictional or legendary ‘maybe’ wars, as in Rosemary Sutcliffe’s ‘The Eagle of the Ninth’, but real wars that people died in – no. There's perhaps a fair point there, in that such wars should never be trivialized or glorified – but why would a woman be more likely to do this than a man? No-one could read Louisa Young’s beautiful ‘My Dear, I Wanted To Tell You’ and fail to be moved by the truth and poignancy with which she conveys the real tragedy of war.
I am 6 days away from hitting my mid-way point in my goal of running 12 races in 2012. On May 6th I’ll run a 5k trail race in my city and it will officially be my 6th race. And I’ll be running whether my knee is healed or not.
We know that in two weeks the web will be inundated with chatter about Super Bowl TV spots, but TV will have almost no chatter about Super Bowl-related web marketing. The day after the Super Bowl I will once again be invited to go on TV and pontificate on this this year's crop of TV spots, but not a single question will be asked about online Super Bowl advertising.
Like a spotlight on earth the actors seem true
stuffed with feta cheese and Panko breaded
Council Submissions
I love paper piecing, it makes it so easy to get your card done quickly. I have two cards to share with you, too. The first features a new set by ARTish. This is Blossom and he is the sweetest little bunny.
The literary critic William B. Dillingham has shown that as The Encantadas progresses, we encounter more recognisably human tortoises: Hunilla’s endurance and Oberlus’ “mindless bestiality” suggest, for Dillingham, “the most basic and mechanical form of energy, life without life.” Melville had subjected Hawthorne to offers of literary fellowship, which the grumpy author for his part seems to have politely discouraged, but Melville must have marvelled at how Hawthorne could have made a name for himself as a popular novelist (The Scarlet Letter had been published four years before The Encantadas) when he sold tales of a despair and woe unique within Western literature. Perhaps the picture of a salesman enthusiastically promoting a set of blighted islands – whose cursed citizens, ferocious slaveholders, and “permanent Riotocracy” present a travesty of American society – serves to indict, or at least to question, Hawthorne’s entire literary career.
(this is a true story, I witnessed this while driving to inspect a job site for work several years ago)
You'll notice I said, "for the most part," when referring to the film as "the Piper Perabo show." Well, that's because the gorgeous Mischa Barton is in the movie as well. And when you share the screen with Mischa Barton, you can never completely overwhelm the proceedings. First of all, just having her stand there takes down your appeal a couple of notches. And when she speaks–you know, actual dialogue, you can pretty much kiss your charisma goodbye, because you're about to get severely schooled in the art of quiet translucency.
Uncategorized (11)
I’ll tell you why Rapport is doing this…
"You are one lucky bastard you are, you drove past the queue of taxis in the bus lane and one minute later a police car with a camera in the back drove past us all.
“..This summer Iran was hit by one of the worst heatwaves on record.
Dang, I feel like ToTo riding in Dorothy’s basket. It has been hectic. I need to settle in and catch up to date with ya’ll. The Annual Angelina River Bottom Exhibition (fishing trip, remember the pirate’s chest) is this coming weekend, actually starting Friday, so I will be tied up for a few more days.
I am late posting this month's swap!!! But I'm not going to let the month go by and skip a swap!!! This is a swap a month for a year.... I'm so excited about this swap!!! ((The Bird Swap got me a bit behind.. we had some issues getting all the birds to me but the birds are leaving the coop so we can have that swap behind us and pictures will be posted this weekend!!! It was amazing!! Totally worth the wait!!))
IMDB provides a fantastic array of information about the movie version of the first book in the trilogy. Photos, trailers, trivia, cast information, and reviews can be found on this site, along with other facts about the film and links to over 8,000 news articles.
Sherriff Pollack was no closer to getting to the bottom of the thief's motives, and Notia was too busy getting established as Four Knot to help. Rel and Dora had chosen the wrong time to vanish; calm Van Raighan might be, but he'd melt under Dora's glare if he tried giving her the same treatment he gave Pollack. Again, Pevan found herself biting back the urge to start questioning the man herself. It would only bring her grief from the Sherriff.
It was very nice to have my Mom (G’ma) stay with us for a couple days and help me out around the house and now our good friend is staying with us this week since she is in between apartments so that worked out great.
house cleaned up and my last two loads of laundry
Let go. You'll find this form of scrapping to be very freeing, if only for a short time.
PICTURES COMING SOON!!!!
So do you have a few minutes to spare? Please go to this link and enter a suggestion. You don’t have to give a suggestion for every category and you are more than welcome to go back again and again to add more suggestions – the more the merrier!
NUTRITIONAL COMPARISON (per 1/2 cup serving)
See what I mean?
I’ll do it, no problem, and prove that s’wit wrong. I don’t like Mercer…he is an arrogant bastard…”
But Reason magazine is not the only source of political class insanity:
See you soon, Happy Crafting!!!
With wifesy, I want to be this better version of myself. With her, I strive for more. It used to be – for me, in comedy – that I only strived to pay my bills and to keep myself on the hamster wheel of the paid comic life. Now, I strive to create. I strive – daily – to make something that is truly mine. I know that this is the only way I’ll ever be rewarded what I’m worth. If that day ever comes, it will only come through this action of fingertips to keyboard. This daily action that was inspired and encouraged by wifesy.
Sorry for my late post today. I didn't feel good this morning and I couldn't even get up from bed. My hubby just grabbed a coffee before heading out, we didn't had breakfast cos I was in bed til 10 am (I wasn't able to prepare the food). I felt horrible... so I tweeted Dani and Ayanami, saying I'd be late for my TBRIC post today.
So I give my dog a little wink and step up to the Muppet as he laughs and gestures his gold covered arm towards the door.
The outer fabric could be a silk, linen or wool. I have pink linen but don't really want a pink set of stays since I already have a pink mid-19th century corset. One should have some variety in one's wardrobe, you know. I looked through my wool and at first thought I'd use some black and silver wool/silk blend for the outer layer. But then I came across a smallish piece of plum colored wool that I had forgot I had - left over from a very long ago project with the scraps subsequently used for many different things. I folded the little piece of wool in half and laid the stays pattern on it and it just exactly fit. So it seems predestined. The plum wool will be my outer layer.
Add the rest of the ingredients except for the chocolate to the crockpot. Mix well to combine. Cover and cook on high for 2 hours, and then reduce heat to low and cook for an additional 3 hours. (OR cover and cook on low for 6 – 7 hours straight.)
The Obama administration recently issued a 38-page paper stating that Obama is not in violation of the War Powers Act because “U.S. operations do not involve sustained fighting or active exchanges of fire with hostile forces, nor do they involve U.S. ground troops.” Under this argument, President Obama could preemptively launch nuclear weapons against any country in the world without Congressional approval. Obviously, this is not what the Founders intended!
2) Don’t lie down in a twisted position. When you are on your side and you bring that one knee up toward your chest. That causes your low back to be twisted while you sleep. Put a pillow under your knee to keep your spine straight and your entire body at a right angle to the bed.
Sometimes when I am writing I am mesmerized by the fluid ink from my fountain pen as it forms each curve of a letter, a single word like a drop of rain that will fill a pool, a page filled with words is a river I can float in. I am in love with words. I swim in them. For a single moment I feel each drop splashing on the page, each word spilling over into the next, breathless, I watch the ink and the word become one.
I've never been good at tolerating the shortcomings of others. This is not because I think I'm better than they are (well, sometimes it is), but because I simply can't take certain things. (Ironically, this is seen as a serious character flaw to many others.) I admittedly have too many deal breakers. I suspect part of this is due to the fact that I grew up in a family and culture where it was not odd to hear someone scream, 'YOU'RE DEAD TO ME!!!', at least five times a year for any degree of issue. Anyway, it's caused me much loneliness in my life, but age has taught me to be forgiving and tolerant of a person's _______ (insert relevant attribute here), so long as the good outweighs the bad. Learning how to do that has made it possible for me to have a small number of lasting relationships. I really don't need, or even want, more.
calmly to settle herself. She knew this witch.
“One reason this Court rejected Reichert’s testimony as not credible was because it was so rehearsed, coached and robotic as to be rote,” observed Judge Reagan. “It was a generic, almost default performance not dependent upon the facts of this case, but suitable for any case in which Reichert might testify to having found `reasonable suspicion. When questioning required him to temporarily stray from this rehearsed script, away from the
May I ask you just one question?
and on earth peace to men on whom his favor rests.’”
Ms. Reding said that the consultations, beginning Monday and ending on May 28, would determine the proportion of women that should be on boards under any E.U.-wide legislation; whether quotas should apply to state-owned companies as well as publicly listed ones; whether both executive and nonexecutive boards should be covered by the rules; and what sanctions should apply to companies that do not meet the objectives, and if there are circumstances where exceptions are necessary.
The many benefits of Payday Cash Loans
If only we could find that 'child-like' mind once again. Instead of being bombarded by the world and all its negativity, wouldn't it be nice have 'God in our head?'
In February 2012, Cameron had made her New York modeling debut when she hit the runway in the PLITZS New York City Fashion Week. This event was held at the Warwick Hotel in Mid Manhattan where the reigning queen made several appearances over two days and walked for as many as five different designers.
There is an article on our website that also talks about how acid zaps your energy. Click here if you would like to read more: http://www.vitalearthminerals.com/v/articles/Acidit_The_Energy_Zapper.html
The snow shows no sign of melting so far - the boys are hoping that school is cancelled tomorrow - I think that unlikely but you never know.
Born William Cuthbert Falkner in New Albany, Mississippi, he was the oldest son of Murry Cuthbert Falkner (August 17, 1870 – August 7, 1932) and Maud Butler (November 27, 1871 – October 19,1960). He later changed the spelling of his name to Faulkner. His brothers were Murry Charles "Jack" Falkner (June 26, 1899 – December 24, 1975), author John Falkner (later Faulkner) (September 24, 1901 – March 28, 1963) and Dean Swift Falkner (August 15, 1907 – November 10, 1935).
Hi friends! This Valentine's Day will be a bit sad for my little guy. The girl whom he has had a crush on for the past few years will be moving a few days before February 14th. From the moment she walked into his 1st Grade class, he has been quite smitten with this lovely brown haired beauty. They are friends and spent the first summer swimming, going to the ice cream shop, movies, riding bikes, going to the park, we rode the train back from NYC after seeing the Rockettes at Radio City Music Hall in the Christmas Spectacular. I made "Cupid's Pillow Cupcakes" last year as a Valentine surprise for the object of his affection and on and on it goes!
“One of the most important single things to understand in the context of the brewing conflict between Europeans and Muslims is that Islamic terrorists either do not operate under moral constraints, or operate under constraints so loose that we, from our cultural perspective, can scarcely recognize them as restraints at all. Those Muslims motivated to kill in service of their religion seem to have very little in the way of a reluctance to kill civilians.”
“OK – I will do then! If there are more of those bottles, I’d like to find them as well. Maybe someone’s looking for them? Maybe they’re worth something? Maybe someone’s offering a reward for them?”
She nods and receives the ghastliness of nun hugs in return.
But never, never discount
It would take a long time to unpick the complex architectural history that produced this rich and diverse collection of walls, gables, roofs, and chimneys. Even for someone with expertise in the archaeology of buildings it would be a challenge, and one would need to have the run of the place for some considerable time. As Birtsmorton is still a private house, archaeologists are not likely to be unpicking it any time soon. Even if its detailed history is hard to decipher, though, its visual harmony is intact, and a thing to marvel at.
and a life
I attach pictures of two stinkpipes found along the river in the vicinity of the Chiswick Eyot, between Hammersmith and Barnes.
This is a fine book. I like the chatty introductory bits before each recipe. The recipe for Figgy Piggy Drumsticks looks good, and it's hard to find fault with a chapter called "Things With Cheese." Really, though, I find that my cooking really always comes back to two places:
Miss S has been on half term this week and thankfully, we didn't really have any plans so being ill didn't spoil anything major. Miss S has a history of being ill during the October half term, and has been fighting a cold bug too - so we've had lots of lounging about days, recharging batteries and trying to recover.
From the promotional blurb, Le Manoir de Paris is "a true living museum. It invites visitors to experience Parisian scenes and legends in winding their way through its labyrinth". It "transposes the concept of the haunted house that we find in the United States and adapts it to French culture and sensibility." The concept was created by Adil Houti, a Belgian by birth, who has lived in the US and now lives in France. I've never seen a US haunted house, but for Brits, I suspect this is similar to the London Dungeon (which is, I have to say, one of those things I've never been to either, but at least have seen - and the guys in costumes at London Bridge look similar to these guys, if less gory - and less interactive.)
We brought the new year in camping and water skiing at Grabine (Wyangala Dam) with our besties. 3 fabulous days and nights of fun, friendship, laughter, outdoors and NO HASSLES!!! Bliss ...
Mr. Wheat is dedicated to providing consumers with the most nutritious snacks, made from wholesome ingredients. We are committed to providing children and adults alike with snack foods that are satisfying, nutritionally beneficial, and all natural, not only without compromising taste, but with great taste!
2. No matter what we do, we won’t win in our dealing with a fool
The £6.2 billion cutting programme announced by the Cleggerons didn’t exactly induce shock and awe here in Slogger’ Roost. To recapitulate quickly where we’re coming from, that sum and more will be wiped out immediately by EU bailout obligations. And in terms of addressing the timescale outlined by the late Mr Darling, it isn’t going to cut it with the markets for too long.
How do you like the process now, amigo?
"Hi, I love your wonderful blog on the old Tappan stoves.
Music has the power to do this, as Paul said. It can teach and admonish. It also has a symbiotic relationship, it seems, with preaching, as it uses God’s Word and proclaims it, and draws men together to confess it.
MIDDLE-GRADE FICTION: Santa, I really, really, REALLY want the next great middle-grade series. There’s a HUGE hole in the market right now for a new adventure series that appeals to both boys and girls, because a lot of established series (PERCY JACKSON, 39 CLUES) have recently ended. I want middle-grade that takes itself seriously—so much of the middle-grade I see takes that jokey, gross-out, paperback tone that doesn’t really match the reading ability of its audience. I want middle-grade that isn’t trapped in the classroom—I see way too many school stories that just don’t have enough hardcover appeal. And finally, I want middle-grade authors that ask “what if” the way Margaret Peterson Haddix did in her brilliant SHADDOW CHILDREN series.
finalists in the RYA Club Of The Year Award 2012. This selection recognises
My calling of the heart is working with incarcerated women. I have always had an interest in working with groups of women, and for a couple of years, I felt called to work with this particular population, but it wasn’t until I met Patty that I realized I could do it, and do it now. She modeled for me what a life devoted to helping someone who has less than you looks like. And for that I will forever be grateful. Yesterday as we were dining, she raised an issue that I too have come into contact with: there are two types of responses when you tell people about what your service is. The first response is “why would you want to do that?” That is a difficult question to answer, because the person asking it has already judged what you do as distasteful. So it’s best to just smile and back away. The second kind of response that you get is a visible softening, a light of recognition in the eyes that there is something in that person’s heart that is asking to come forward too. Those people often offer help. It’s always good to have some help. The class that I teach in creative writing needs paper, erasures, copying of materials– and a lot of that comes out of my pocket. It’s good-hearted people who “get” what I am doing that will often donate paper and money for copying. It feels good to have the help and to partner with others who have a generous spirit that longs to help.
Salad Ingredients:
The featherweight dryer dries hair very well and the shine really impressed me. Because it never gets too hot you can almost never smell burning hair. But it may require a little more elbow power due to the lower heat level.
A seeker in California has been communicating to me about two (2) years back, requesting for protective tools. He claimed to be mentored by a Light Master of sorts. To my shock, the Light Master he speaks of is no Master but a group of degraded or demonic Felines located in the astral plane, using him as their puppet channeler.
Makes me feel a little better about the piles of books that surround me yet -- and thankful for interlibrary loan (two books in now, Kay Daniels, Convict Women, and Deborah Oxley, Convict Maids: The Forced Migration of Women to Australia). Today was a good day. Over 500 words, new plot twists, and outside, a hummingbird sips at our new bird feeder.
Last but not least, what is evident in draft 2 is that we are starting to see already in the first paragraph: possible themeatic elements. Possible symbols include the moon, the diamond ring, the streets, the city, or even the color brown (associated with him). I.E. if we want to invoke in the reader the sum of her frustrations and her readiness to perhaps end her marriage....again we can simply show her twisting the ring. But again the point is to be subtle and not overdo it or make it obvious. If we want to invoke the feeling of her being alone, we can use the moon. We created a man for whom she might leave her husband and who will change her life for the better: by having him come down the other side of the road, park, cross the street and ask her if she'd like a ride. We'll find a way to show that he is observant and has a good memory and is always on time later to reinforce his superiority. This signifies her unfulfilled desire(the road which is what she is staring longingly at/a car/ride) and an oppositition(coming the other way of the taxi) to what she has come to expect, (carelessness, coldness, tardiness and forgetfulness). The point here is that when you start to show the reader these elements, you start to learn how you can subtly and carefully abuse them to get emotions out of your reader.
Ta Prohm
1-Disc DVD = $ 29.99 U.S. / $ 35.99 Canada
Auckland, New Zealand – Second to Third Wave with bike lanes to the terminal. Signage would help. They have a counter for packing your bike. It has been 9 years now since I made the sojourn to the airport.
During the summer following a careful examination of the Enigma machine, the Poles intercepted the first of many German machine-encypted signals. But even with the Enigma machine on the shelf, they were unable to crack the code.
To win a free copy of this limited-edition issue, post here one of your favourite things about Spring! We'll draw a random winner on Monday, March 26th.
September 11 – Denver, City Park
IBUs: 21
Just in case someone sees me.
Malaysia has premised itself as a diverse tourist attraction that offers world class attractions such as culture & heritage, ecotourism, Meetings, Incentives, Conventions and Exhibitions (MICE), shopping, international events and health tourism, which affords visitors from all over the world a plethora of choices to enjoy.
Red onion- 1 medium size
There are many things to love about this recipe. You can prepare these in minutes, and they can bake at whatever temperature you need them to. It's hard to ruin a potato. These can be served alongside a burger, but they are equally appropriate on the side of some scrambled eggs. Most important of all, these potatoes are super yummy. They develop that all important firm on the outside and soft on the inside texture. And the dried thyme provides the perfect bit of seasoning for the red potatoes.
6And the Apostles and the rulers of the church came together and gave thought to the question.
My children are ages 4 and 2. They love to run around outside and have fun!
The sexual counter-revolution is all about control. It's about control of women, control of desire, and control of political space at a time when elected representatives have nothing to offer voters beyond sops to our most fearful prejudices. As for those dirty billboards, they are part of the equation. A culture of objectification is part of managing and
Life lately seems to be a lot of hurry. Sometimes it's nice to sit and sip and stare at the moon and do nothing.
Anyways, didn't mean to get off track here, but a calamity is always so fun to talk about! Once we made it to St. George we were extremely grateful to have a friend's condo to stay in. We washed up, did laundry and got ready for both of the boys' games the next day. Selam still wasn't feeling great and had started to have intestinal issues, but we could handle anything now that we were out of the car! :)
It is very pretty, but no lovely, happy beach houses in sight unfortunately!
If you don't come in on time, tough: they'll just figure out a way to cut it without those scenes.
I thought it was about time I dusted off my cricut and tried the new Tags, Bags, Boxes and More 2 cartridge I purchased a few months back. I used the cart to create the square gable box. I have to admit I much prefer using the Sizzix Eclips these days.
Regionally, you'll find F.X. Matt (No. 6), Dogfish Head (No. 12), Brooklyn Brewery (No. 13), Victory (No. 27) and Blue Point (No. 34).
Prideful strains his barren tears
Scenes, storylines and sensationalism abound with the prospect of a second installment with the Jets. Personally though, you can miss me with the continued coverage of all things Jets and Tebow. I’m sure I can speak for all level headed viewers in that the nation gets their fill with Tebow/Sanchez debates, “Year of Tebow” documentaries and specials and the careful examination of Tebow’s all-too important Twitter happenings. Spare me.
Once more, my fingers and toes, arms and legs, and my face began that high-voltage buzzing like last night. It came up very quickly and strongly, but not overwhelming me, and I did not break out into a full sweat as before. This was much more comfortable! As I grew accustomed to the buzz, it seemed that my face was encased in a kind of neon blue mask. It seemed right that I should call it my “monkey face.” This all settled in quite nicely and I perceived that nothing else was going to drastically change to take me away somewhere, so I decided this must be what most people come to as a kind of normal or expected base effect environment in most Ayahuasca sessions. My first experience had been so drastic that I never got a chance then to feel what “normal” was within the vision space (and I use the word normal advisedly in this context.)
Quit the evasions.
How can I teach more than just one sequence?
Two squeaks came from the bed as she sat up; only one squeak yesterday. The squeaks, shouts and stomps made her head swell as she reached for her cigarettes.
At age 26, Campbell was among the troops who fought in the 1836 Battle of Brushy Creek, the last real Indian fight in the immediate vicinity. Some 65 years later, the Atlanta Constitution recounted Campbell’s role in the episode:
Gregory: did the media drive
We still have one full yam left, which will probably be fried.
300-330- Goes Cube
Before going grocery shopping on Monday, Theo ran into the bedroom and emerged with his "money bear," a bank I made him from a plastic honey container. Grabbing two dollars, he gleefully informed me that he would be buying a hot dog at Costco. (A not-healthy treat we occasionally allow him to consume.) I told him he didn't need to bring money, that I would buy it for him, and then he said, "But mommy, I'm buying it for you!"
They put up with a lot, too. I don’t know about you, but my story is constantly evolving in a first draft – and I write "fat." Alpha readers have to read scenes that will later be cut, sub-plots that will be snipped, and characters that disappear. Names change, too. Aloycius becomes Bert (because I got tired of typing Aloycius), and in the next draft, he might not even exist. (Oh yeah, alpha readers, did I mention I might merge Hester and Bert into one character? That will give me, what? Hert? Bester?)
Ruprecht concludes that our universe is built out of loneliness. Amid all the comic episodes and teeny angst there is this philosophical undercurrent via string theory, etc. Is this a central theme in your work, the loneliness, not only of teenagers, but man in general? Ruprecht comes to this conclusion shortly after Skippy’s death, when he’s hit rock bottom. The book doesn’t leave him there though. To say the universe is empty, that man is alone-in some ways those are quite self-aggrandising, egoistic notions. They ignore the infinite ways that we’re tied to each other, and they ignore the duties that we have to take care of each other. That seemed like a much more interesting idea to explore than this romantic-melancholic of loneliness, which perpetuates this fantasy of uniqueness, that no one has suffered quite like you have, and that your aloneness is somehow qualitatively superior to everyone else’s. Not to be glib but people in a famine don’t spend much time talking about man’s fundamental loneliness.
Linking up with Clutter Free Classroom to share my favorite recipe during the school year- Crockpot Chicken and Stuffing. Mmm, mmm, good! If you like easy peasy, few ingredients, tastes like Amish cooking, then this dish is for you!
‘Un pull.’ Chaos ensued. Probably only one of them remembered that ‘un pull’ was a sweater but as soon as he had started ripping it off, the others got the drift and joined in. A young lad, who had until that moment been watching the proceedings with quiet disinterest, turned to his neighbour and started pulling off her jumper with a feverish excitement that was not perhaps in the spirit of the game.
And speaking of stories, what’s yours? Are you conserving and recycling water?
The Washington Fire Company here had wealthy members, and when they arrived at a fire the poorer people in the affected neighborhood often hurled rocks and catcalls at them. Sometimes fights even broke out after the fires were extinguished.
Cooking vessels
Can you believe it is July already? Well, it is! And that means that I have been at this blog thing for four months now. I have so enjoyed sharing my projects here, being inspired by the wonderful creativity out there, and getting to know some amazingly talented people.
That and the debut of Jeff Goldblum as a potentially new-agey genius cop character.
As long as they remain on the shelves.
She stepped outside the door and said goodbye to the escorts. She started down the sidewalk, when she met the anti-abortion protester who had hounded her into the clinic. She handed Tori another pamphlet. Tori was taken aback, but said thank you. As she walked away, she noticed the title: Post-Abortion Healing.
If you link up you will be automatically entered to win the give away. (I'm still working on this part.) I want it to be something for you, not your classroom to kind of keep with the theme of teacher appreciation. Hopefully I will have the gift basket put together by the end of the week when I post the party so that you have a little more incentive to participate!
► January (2)
As if;
Squeeze over some lemon/lime juice and sprinkle with the toasted nuts and chopped coriander.
This handy dandy little card can be included in an interactive math notebook so that when your students are doing this math routine, they can easily reference the different ways they can show Today's Number. (There are two on a page so you can save a tree.) :)
And, finally, policing will be governed by the needs of the public instead of politics.
Cobell met with Senator John McCAin (R-AZ) chairman of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee a few months ago to discuss a way to settle the case. In June of this year the tribes offered to settle the account for $27.5 billion which McCain states is “out of sight” and Congress will never approve the settlement figure.
For a computer, “In the days of tor, there was many donkeys.” is nothing more than a few strings separated by white space.
I asked my singular piano teacher for help once. After some thought (and considerable joking around, as always) he taught me that over-analyzing a difficult situation will only drag you down deeper. Instead, he suggested some gentle, repetitive exercises, where I just let it go, regardless of mind-boggling rhythms and what have you. "Why let yourself get floored by the complexity of a Rubik's Cube when you can just relax and fiddle with the pretty blocks until you get the answer?" he reasons.
When I started writing this blog – just about a year and a half ago, give or take – I was the mother of two typically developing boys in a family with no dietary restrictions whatsoever. Or so I thought.
We're settling back into our routines. I have to say that the humidity is a bit rough, but at least the heat index is not quite as high as it was when we left. The air conditioning feels good!
To the right of the front door is a shoe cabinet to keep all that footwear at bay. I also can pop a laptop at a console table to create a workspace where I can still be near my family, or the kids can get cozy there to do their homework! It works just perfectly!
Of course at 10, he probably wouldn't want me holding his hand anyway.
the material good nutriment,
“I don’t generally think of other guys being good-looking, but I guess, yeah.”
1. Dry roast the peanuts in a pan (I usually buy the roasted peanuts from stores to avoid this step). Add the sesame seeds to the peanuts and fry until both turn to a golden brown color with a nice aroma. Finally add the shredded coconut and fry for a min. Set aside, cool this mixture and grind them together with all the spice powders and salt to a smooth thick paste. Do not add too much water.
They say the Dead Sea has healing powers – well despite my mother’s little accident of getting the salt water sting her eyes and my leading her slightly blinded to the open fresh-water showers – it may have just healed our restless spirits and very sore limbs!
Your objective is to place the good heroes to the saving surface, and to throw out of the screen the villain by destroying the wooden box, bombs, etc.
Dogfish Head Craft Brewery 120 Minute IPA
I've entirely given up wheat products, along with barley and rye, but am allowing myself to use a bit of rice now and then when nothing else will do, so this uses a tablespoon of white rice flour to substitute for wheat flour in making a cream sauce. It tastes a bit different from making it with wheat flour, but not bad and you soon get used to it. The rice flour doesn't give you the insulin spike or have the nasty chemicals that are in wheat. Wheat wants to kill you.
In the end only the Afghans will have to choose their future. They will have to shun tribal hostilities while realising the purpose of the US-Afghanistan ‘strategic ties’. Only through a grand reconciliation and unity can they thwart the external conspiracies.
It was in latter end of those days that I was split off from my legion and stood against the sea alone, watching as the earth begin to fill with you tiny fleeting creatures which we call creatures-that-flit-like-lightning. The ocean retreated when it fled eastward toward the rising sun. After some time thereafter there came an age of ice which lifted me in its icy grip and moved me some great distance southward. Then the ice retreated and I was alone on the plain but soon Ocean returned and we battled mightily once more, but there is no hope of winning a war against Ocean I have found.
Sept 30 – Riverside Ballroom – Green Bay, WI (Headlining)
"ooo so viscious! are you sure your not the coach?"
A Top 10 taco list is a very personal thing. I prefer crispy tacos when I can get them, so my list is skewed in that direction. Quality is of course important as is innovation and the friendliness of the people serving the tacos. I recently visited La Taqueria in San Francisco and the owner has been charming his female customers with roses and special order requests for the last 40 years.
It seemed to me that George Orwell had achieved his ability to write so well simply by writing a lot at the BBC and elsewhere. (For a period, he literally worked in Room 101 at BBC Broadcasting House.)
Well, now it's your turn. Share something about yourself...or just agree with me on some of these. This is a day where we all come together and you tell me how awesome I am. Yup, that's how I'd like things.
You can see all the bubbles under the ribbon where I used the hot glue on it. I wish it wouldn't have done this however. Right now it's sitting on a small step ladder since I am waiting on my newly redone end table to dry before placing on it.
These little crumb cakes are light, feather light and delicious. The streusel topping, the cake ,everything about this recipe is airy and light. I came across a mixing technique in this recipe that I don't think I've encounter before and maybe that attributes to the ( I can't say this enough) lightness.
Defeatism at its best.
The children were very shy and hesitant. Today the scene reminds me how a family of wild animals would react on encountering humans. After awhile Mr. Stanton appeared to come around a bit, cautiously accepting the good intentions of the intruders to his campsite.
At the end of the video, if I’m not mistake, Ivy is blown up. Ooo…so she the mother earth, I guess, that’s why there is volcano. Yup, I agree it’s a good video and Ivy has a really good skin, like porcelain, and a pretty face, and (too many and) I wonder whether she is really naked in the video. Hmm?
Me: I think I look pretty good but I’m worried about my neck.
edit2: I have gone through my past posts recently and was wondering why the top three most viewed posts are the ones I was almost murdered in? I find it quite disturbing :P
At that time Jesus passed through the grainfields on the Sabbath. His disciples were hungry and began to pick and eat some heads of grain. But when the Pharisees saw it, they said to Him, “Look, Your disciples are doing what is not lawful to do on the Sabbath!”
And for this SURPRISE GIVEAWAY, I have a very special gift for the winner...
While we are waiting on my husband to fix my computer (he's working overtime right now) I wanted to let you know that I finally bit the bullet and am on pinterest now. I still haven't quite figured out what happens when I follow people yet though. I'm still learning.
The Gallup polling demonstrates that eighty-four percent (84%) of Americans, a huge majority, do identify themselves as affiliated in some fashion, formal or not, with a faith of choice.
She said she had nightmares and her confidence had deteriorated.
And even if you have the discipline to save regularly and sufficiently on your own, you’ll run into another problem: Bay Street is not a safe space for individual investors. It’s sort of like that movie Dinner for Schmucks: if you can’t figure out who the schmuck is, it’s probably you. This country’s mutual fund fees are among the world’s highest, with the average equity fund carrying a management expense ratio of 2.3
Sessions 1 & 2 combined, with bridge housing: $4550
Skyguard rep comes from dailies and other actions in the Skettis area, plus a daily in the Ogri’la area. You can also kill Skettis Arakkoa. I’d recommend just focusing on the Skettis area in Terokkar Forest. Do the dailies there and collect Shadow Dust, which you can hand in to get an Elixir of Shadows. This allows you to see undead arakkoa too. Kill these and get 10 scrolls of ressurection, which you can use to summon named arakkoa. Four of these drop unique items which you can hand in to get an item to summon Terokk, who you kill. Each of these gives reputation and it gives a little structure to what is basically kill all the things rep grind.
* Sexual Utopia in Power. F. Roger Devlin in simple, colorful terms explains the Sexual Revolution as to a visitor from another realm. Very highly recommended. (2006)
Innovation
Also just to let you know that sometimes it is not possible for the Design Team to leave a comments on every entry, with these Blogger issues that some of us are having at the mo – grrrrrr what a nightmare. But please be assured that we do stop by and we are doing our best and every single eligible entry goes into the draw for our prizes even if we don’t manage to leave you a comment.
I'm sorry for the lack of posts lately. I'm feeling frustrated. I can't think of anything to write about and when I do, I can't make it seem interesting like anyone would actually want to read about it.
Mr. Sapiens: Yeah, I guess it’s my fault then. I am still having problems evacuating my bowel after the solution you gave me in our previous conversation (the call 1).
I’m so enamoured of the Trustees, this week I’m going to be giving to four different Reservations on Chappy (the jewels in the Trustees Crown, IMHO). These 100 places help us remember who we are and preserve a legacy for those who come after us. And trust me, there are a lot of cute ones coming after us!
The Music Video for “Hungry Like the Wolf” is one of the most-played Videos in MTV History.
I always look the same
Casey, full of faith and confidence. Stephanie, who annoyed me so much I caught myself thinking that Casey would have been totally justified in killing her. The teacher, Miss Burke, whose courage had me in tears. Jess's mother, paralyzed by her own helplessness. And complex, conflicted Jess, who wants something she can't even identify, and resents Casey almost as much as she loves her. Jess isn't admirable, but she's totally compelling. These people are worth your time.
If a newly identified work of Vincent van Gogh would be auctioned, would it be noticed by the bloggers, the press, any attention at all? Probably only when a new record is being set by the auctioned price. No the picture for this blog does not represent the proceeds of one of the patents auctioned today in Munich. The auction is organized by IP Auctions GmbH, a German IP valuation group. It is very much modeled after the Ocean Tomo auction, held in San Francisco, Chicago and New York. It was announced that next to patents, also trademarks and licenses would be auctioned. The appetite for trademarks seems to be low, as only trademark, “Nutri-Care” will be under the hammer. The auction, held today at 2:00 p.m in Kempinski hotel, will be both an English and a Dutch auction, the latter known from the first auction of flowers, whereby the auctioneer starts to call the object at the highest price, slowly lowering it until the first bidder raises it hand.
saying this: it’s crucial to begin marketing early. Traditional publishers begin marketing months ahead of publication. This builds excitement and momentum. We need to do the same. While we can’t really go into full-swing marketing mode – tour, for example - until we’ve published, we can blog about our progress, post updates on Facebook, G+ and Twitter, spread the word to bloggers, talk about our new work in interviews, put a counter on our website to count down the days until publication, etc.
Speaking of my youngest son, he recently "graduated" from the 6th grade.
Prepare an 8 inch springform by cutting a piece of parchment paper to fit the bottom and a strip to go along the side of the pan. Set aside.
"... neither Krasner or NCJA provide any evidence as to how this conference intimidates pro-Israel Jewish students. The conference is not anti-Israel and, thus, it is not an anti-pro-Israel-Jewish-student conference..."
I have played countless gigs with a Shure Sm58 set up.
Jeans: Gap
For the next four days, the State tried to isolate the protesting village and terrorise people into giving up their resistance. Protestors and supporters of the movement were picked up and jailed under one or more of the 107 FIRs already registered, or under new cases. Of the nearly 200 jailed, including 21 youngsters, two are still in jail. With the FIRs containing thousands of un-named persons as accused hanging like the proverbial sword over their heads, residents of Idinthakarai are fearful that they will be caught and jailed if they leave their village.
last weekend me and my best girlfriends went to mississippi! we stayed at the alluvian and did the cooking class at the viking cooking school. i would highly recommend it... here is what we did:
I cant believe how many incredible friends this hobby has given me. You al are just amazing, and i cant even begin to tell you how much you al meen to me and how much i have needed you along the way, and how much you al have given me, both inspiration, love, incouragement and al of those wonderful evenings and nights that we al have just been chatting around and having so much fun togheter. Me loves ya al!!!
Remind me to build myself my own damn battery pack before I get old will you?
The wounded hart
I wonder if what is occurring right now – will rectify itself in my future. Meaning, just as my drawings, viewed in retrospect, reveal their answers.
Most kids went through the regular curriculum, however, a small segment of the students were in the special education program, also known as remedial class. These children had mental handicaps of differing severity that required them to receive specialized learning. At the age of 6, I didn’t really know what this meant, except that those kids didn’t come out to recess with us and I had no idea which grade they were in, though they looked about my age.
What can you say about him that hasn't already be said? He's an absolute artist on the ball field. I have seen very few players like that, no matter where they were born. I don't think the question is if he belongs in the Hall of Fame, but should he go in on the first ballot. Plus, dig that Upper Deck card with Mr. Met. I wish I had a whole page of just that card. We have recently seen, more and more, that Ichiro is a bit of a jokester. I wish he has shown this side earlier.
And what now is my driving force
Since there are five Wednesday's in May, our guest will start next week. Glenda lives in Canada, so I wanted to make sure that she had plenty of time to create since her package takes a longer which gives her less time to play. Please keep an eye out for her first PS cards as our guest next week.
I restarted the vow. I came up with a plan. I deleted his name again. And all that came out of me….was a letter to him from flight HA12
Guys -
Um…wait. That’s it? Lolcats are just crazy pictures of cats with captions using poor grammar and spelling? How is that funny? I didn’t get it at all.
Countering occurs when the abuser views the recipient as an extension of themselves and denies any viewpoints or feelings which differ from their own.
Alcohol: 9.5% ABV
Someone has spent time, energy, and years honing skills to create their intellectual property. Many use the Internet to sell their artwork or photos, or market their products.
I miss you like this (Miss you miss you)
We spent much of the morning asking our last burning questions about the field of ESL and sharing our experiences in the classroom. We talked about classroom management, assessment strategies, and adapting to the culture of a school. I was struck by the wealth of knowledge that we classmates shared, and by how rarely I get the opportunity to “talk shop” with fellow educators.
all that bling and the crochet butterfly were on the tissue paper that June had wrapped my Easter goodies in this year. and as I unwrapped things I stuck all the bling to an clear envelope bag and its been sitting on the table ever since. I think I am going to give her this one for the heck of it.
JOKES ON YOU, SUCKAAA!!!
It’s a long way
This year highlights include Justin Finch-Fletchley and the Sugar Quills’ lo-fi rocker “Hagrid Drank All My Eggnog,” Harry and the Potters’ bombastic “Livin’ in a Mirror” and Tonks and the Aurors’ jingle folk “This Christmas,” but there’s not a loser in the bunch, though there is a howler or two, including Awkward Voldmort’s “My Christmas Wisssssh Lisssst,” which focuses on some cosmetic desires for the Dark Lord. Available at www.theleaky- cauldron. org/ 2011/ 11/30/its-that-time-of-year-jingle- spells-five.
What pressure this speaks over teachers. Everyone must watch their tongue, but the teacher will be held at a higher standard. People watch the teacher and learn from their words. As a mom, I feel parents are the teachers of their children. I don’t mean they all homeschool, I mean we must teach our children. They watch us and hear our words. I must make sure the things coming out of my mouth glorify God.
Irony coming in twos, one of those with something to say is Andy Baio, who claims, in an opinion piece in Wired, to be one of the programmers who contributed to Yahoo!’s extensive patent portfolio. Bemoaning the “weaponizing” of software patents, especially since “developing software is as creative and unique as writing poetry,” Mr. Baio has nothing but harsh words for Yahoo!’s business tactics as it turns its litigation guns on Facebook.
Outerwear: A well appointed gentleman’s wardrobe will also include appropriate outerwear, coats, raincoats, etc. If a coat is to be worn over a suit jacket, it should ideally be longer than the jacket so that it covers the jacket completely apart from at the front. There is little point in building up a wardrobe of suitably stylish clothing which is covered by an ugly coat.
My fav drink,which i love first thing in the morning or last thing at night or in between too......and the best part an=bout my drink of the moment ..
Let me know what you think
I was ready to leave for the night and called him back for a ride home. Again, no answer. I called back to back, only to yield the same result. I eventually called my mother and she took me home. When we got there, I realized that I had misplaced my house key and needed for him to let me in our apartment. That night he was out with friends, so I tried to contact him again. And again when I called there was no answer. After another round of marathon calling, I went to my mother’s house and sobbed. What kind of man ignores his pregnant wife’s calls at eleven o’clock at night?
½ cup of Parmesan cheese, shredded
I started my running life in Spokane, Washington, where the Winter weather can be colder and much more snowy than here in Kansas City. And the snow would stick around and stack-up, too. It was not unheard of to see our first snow in October, and not have the snow and ice not melt until late March. After a few major snowfalls, the City would run out of budgeted funds to plow the snow. From that point on, the city would just plow the main streets, (but not the side streets), for the rest of the Winter. The side streets and sidewalks would become a "life & death" dangerous place to run.
California’s native plants offer gardeners many pleasures– from fragrance (the best), color (amazing) and texture (exquisite) to glorious bird and butterfly activity, to ease of care and low water bills! A varied assortment of gorgeous, garden-worthy native plants – including many of the speaker’s favorite flora – will be shown and described, with helpful tips on plant selection, installation and ongoing maintenance. Lili has worn many hats through the years, all of which have contributed to her limitless knowledge about most anything that grows! She was the host of "The Garden Show" on radio station KCRW-FM, wrote a gardening column for a design magazine, taught gardening and horticulture through UCLA Extension, consulted on homeowners' gardens throughout Los Angeles, and had her own very successful magazine called The Southern California Gardener. Today Lili leads the Thursday Garden Talks at the Arboretum and is Special Projects Coordinator for the Theodore Payne Foundation. www.theodorepayne.org
Happy outlining!
9) Tricky part is getting your temperature right. Ours worked best on a low temp 130degrees for 12mins. I think 150degrees for 10 mins could also work. This is where you'd probably need to experiment a lot because everyones ovens are different.
Friday, April 13 - two miles warm-up, six miles marathon pace (which was optimistically around 9:30-9:35ish).
Das Motiv auf meiner Karte ist aus dem "Happy Day" Set von The Greeting Farm. Die Papiere sind von verschiedenen Herstellern, der Text von Stampin´Up.
They've hidden their sex in cartons of blood,
in our quiet palaver
I am not a violent man, though I am a man who dreams of violence. That knitting circle shit last night though, that put me close. I was well tempted to follow that weasel faced fuck into the ladies and show him a little something about truth and directness, for it is truth and directness that this little man and his ilk so sorely lack. But happily some precognition of the night's possibilities had led me to taking the precaution of getting off my face on happy pills, so in reality the worst this little prick had to fear from me was a drug induced hug.
Until this day I'm still in therapy.
House Speaker John Boehner was scheduled to deliver the Republican response after Obama speaks.
One extra trip to McDonald’s!
I am gonna go play in the studio while he watching a war movie.
b.I am to blame…
“No”
I found this gem at a thrift store for just twenty clams. She was in great shape and ride-able to boot! It was obvious from the wear, or lack thereof.. that she was only ridden occasionally. Major oxidation of the paint, gave me a clue that she had been stored outside much of her life. Thanks to the thick coats of paint they used to spray on bikes back in the day, she was only rusted where nicks and pits in the finish were present.
Children aren't becoming. They are. The life of a homeschooled seven year old holds as much intrinsic value as the life of a sixty year old High Court judge. Or a twenty year old garage mechanic. Education doesn't - and shouldn't - turn them into anything .
Friday, April 13th 5pm
Will you taste my soul
Hundreds of sources now confirm what we have reported on.
The centre produces about 350,000 lenses annually, selling them in other nations, with the income helping pay its costs.
He held a job, raised a family and quietly went his way, and the world won't note his passing, 'tho a Veteran died today.
SEAN: Think about writing. Okay, maybe there is a little bit of time in there that I spend with my family. Then I write about it.
I do worry that the same fate is likely to overtake the recently-introduced Holts IPA, which occupies a similar position in relation to Holts Bitter. This too is a good beer, with a pronounced hoppiness that to many brings back memories of the Holts Bitter of old. It has appeared in a number of Holts’ high-profile pubs, but unfortunately in my experience it seems to suffer in the same way from slow turnover, and I have had a few lacklustre pints in pubs where the Bitter is reliably good. If you think it will be a lottery whether you get a pint that has been festering in the lines for hours, you may well decide it’s best to avoid ordering that beer in the first place.
(Oooo Oooo! I have a really good customer service story though! I went to Best Buy the other day to check out cameras. I walked to the camera department and began looking around. Very soon, a friendly person asked, "Can I help you with anything?"
I had a well-sorted speech all written up and ready to be recited. But as I got behind the rostrum, I decided What-the-heck! and throwing caution to the wind, I decided to improvise as I went along. King and my friends were quite happy with the speech (of course, they would say that, wouldn't day?), but Heche, my most ardent fan and worst critic, also said it went well. So I guess it did. Thank God. I hope.
In the end both my sister and I were able to address a difficult topic and hear directly from the girls what was going on....but, again it was pointed out to me, I see my niece with rose colored glasses, the child is mean, disprespectful of all adults and may already be lost. I feel like that is a defeatist attitude and like I've surrendered to the battle and cannot be convinced the war can be won.... I did not sleep well after they left and when I did wake up this morning I had an overwhelming sense of sadness and defeat, like I'd already lost....
“Jesus is Lord”
5. Bembo’s Zoo: I have a real soft spot for this website. It inspired one of my first blog posts and is truly beautiful. You would need to be creative to find lots of ways to include it in your teaching (although animal and alphabet focused sessions are a given) but it’s worth exploring. Even if it is just for fun.
Sierra Nevada Summerfest is billed as a “crisp summer lager”, and that’s a fair call. The colour is a deep yellowy gold, and it seems to have a hearty body, while not being at all syrupy. A pleasant, lasting bitterness develops mid-way, leading to a dry finish. It is indeed crisp and very appropriate on a hot summer day after a few hours at the pool. This may not be anything outrageous, but it is really quite good.
Note: if your child uses only toddler-sized utensils which are fairly short, you may want to sew across the bottom of one or more utensil pockets to shorten it and prevent their utensils from getting lost in the pocket :).
I was doing the “Jeffe Kennedy writing as Jennifer Paris” thing, but Angela James, my editor at Carina, said no, no, no. Since I really don’t want to “flesh out” Jennifer Paris and tweet or blog as her (she was only a cardboard cut-out anyway), I decided to retire her. However, I have one book “Petals and Thorns” that is by Jennifer Paris.
It is an Applesauce Cake made from the
Embellishments: Orange & Yellow Fancy Pants Prima Flowers, Chocolate Delight Half Back Pearls By Queen & Company, Orange & White Ribbon By Lil' Davis Designs
We are writing from Sunny California. Life has again taken us on another new adventure. Paul is working for a Large Carrot farm. They grow, process, and ship carrots and yummy juices. Where else would a cute redhead “Carrot Top” work but in a carrot factory. He continues to work in finance where he forecasts how many carrots they will be selling in the next 6 – 18 months. Fun Job, No Snow, and Lots of Sunshine.
Later in the day we joined some friends who were staying at the new, recently opened Terranea Resort in Rancho Palos Verdes, less than 6 miles from our home. It was pleasant walking the grounds as Jim and Diane gave us the grand tour and then enjoying a wonderful dinner in one of the many restaurants before returning to our own home. It was at Terranea that old memories came flooding back.
Some things just don’t ever change
He mauls the kitty who tolerates his examinations with patient yet cat-like indifference.
A profusion of brilliant magenta flowers has appeared on the low-growing Geranium sanguineum, while Knautia macedonica continues to produce dark crimson pin-cushion flowers; nearby white Dicentra spectabilis hangs its hearts along the line and even Achillea ‘Walther Funcke’ has started to flower gently already. Geums, more dicentras, forget-me-nots, primroses, Centranthus ruber, aubretia, Omphalodes ‘Cherry Ingram’ … the list of blooms is long and varied – though the weeds are quickly multiplying up too!
-Glug of olive oil
We started out on the Kim Possible adventure - all four of us.
There is nothing I can think of at this moment that formally differentiates SF from not-SF.
The Biker and I visited Laughlin, Kingman and Oatman, and a little bit of Las Vegas, which was horrifying. We took pictures with our digital picture taking thing. There are batteries inside it. It is called a 'camera'. 'Camera' is Latin for 'room'. Now quit bugging me about it. The pictures show images of things we saw. Like this:
Rob Verreycken
N: We’re right on track Mr S; as always the main concern on election day is getting out the vote. As usual I’m having a little trouble persuading the campaign volunteers to just talk to people they know are going to vote for us.
“You’ll love it!” she said. “It’s one of the classics.”
-Zinc, which is necessary for the respiration, is needed in quantity from 1 to 2mg per kg per day. Food rich in Zinc includes meat, fruits, vegetables and milk.
I made it! But the week of our wedding was an emotional wreck on my part! Poor Jon.
What are some physical goals I have met, and what do I still need to do?
SAQC.
3. Grow an herb garden. – Successful! My Man bought the seeds: basil, coriander, thyme, sage, parsley, chives, and marjoram; and last March 27, Don Domeng helped me in starting my herb paradise. Growing the herbs gave me a fantastic feeling (though the cats frustrated me too because they loved lying down on the wet soil flattening the plants). They are pretty much baby herbs right now but the basil is looking fly. I can’t wait to post the photos when the herbs are in their most fabulous!
The boy ducked out from under the man’s hand and bashfully boasted, “I’m almost thirteen. Flox horns turn then.”
A Mother’s Day Brunch is a must and so is Norma’s at Le Parker Meridien (119 West 56th Street), named “Best Breakfast” in New York. Choose from zany waffles, breakfast pizzas and the Zillion Dollar Lobster Frittata.
The real reason I'm posting this is because I was testing Flickr out yesterday and sent it to my blog, whereupon it doesn't just save it as a draft but publishes it in all it's unprepared glory. I haven't yet worked out how to stop it doing that what with having the computer savvy of a dugong so I just ended up removing it.
Jerusalem, Land of: Birthplace of Jesus.
Hours slept 8.5
There is a host of pictures on the HomePage of my blog, so be sure to check them out. www.erickaecourtney.wordpress.com Deliberately, I wanted Elizabeth Taylor to own that front page during her time.
I apologise for the bad photos, I had a slight problem with my camera.
I had so much fun teaching you.
Pratyush: – Why are you sounding so complacent about the changes that is going to happen in your life. You don’t sound excited.
I shall
Very floral and bitter, this was exceptionally intense and crisp, and probably won’t appeal to everyone.
"Oh," said Abby, and she slouched back in her seat.
By the way, we don’t really use the word “end” in this way anymore, but I’ll stick with it (you can substitute ”purpose” if you’d like, though “end” really is the more accurate term, like τέλος). Anyways, back to definitions. A subordinate end is something that one aims at, not for itself, but as a means for another end–hence, it is subordinate. For example, someone goes to the grocery store for the end of buying groceries. But buying groceries is a subordinate end, since it is not accomplished for its own sake but as a means for a greater end, to cook food and to eat. Eating may be considered an ultimate end, which is something that one aims at on its own account, for the sake of itself, for the sake of its own enjoyment. For example, eating a nice ribeye steak would be an ultimate end if it is done for its own pleasure. A chief end is the most valued in a multiplicity of ultimate ends. For example, a man drives to a nearby city for two ultimate ends: 1) to meet up with his girlfriend and spend time with her, and 2) to collect money from a friend who happens to live in the same city (for simplicity’s sake, let’s just say that collecting money is an ultimate end). These are two separate, unrelated ends from the same subordinate end (driving to the nearby city), but if the man considers spending time with his girlfriend more valuable than collecting his money, this is a chief end among the two ultimate ends, and collecting his money is the inferior end. And of course, driving to the city is a subordinate end, because it is desired as a means to accomplish other things. (Edwards also talks about supreme ends, but I’ll refer to it in a follow-up post so as to stay on track.)
When he decided against coming on as a substitute in the Champions League game in Munich and when he went on holiday back home to Argentina without the club’s permission, everyone thought his time with Manchester City was over and he won’t ever play for them again. But since his return back to Manchester, things have changed a lot and he has been City’s important player in the last 10 games or so as they look to win their first league title for years. After the Norwich game, Mancini came out and said he wants Tevez to stay and it was followed by Tevez’s wish to stay just before the Manchester derby. It looks highly unlikely now that we would be having yet another Carlos Tevez transfer saga this summer.
I wanted to hug my daughter and tell her I was sorry. I knew how embarrassed and angry she felt to have me interrupt her Taylor Swift dance party. I cared about her stabby glower. It made me think long and hard about the kind of parent I really am versus the one I seem to not be. I’m lame and I need to yell over the knock. The immediate future of my oldest daughter’s life will be amazing for her imagination. Every teenager deserves their bedroom inner sanctum of fantasy, wonder and make-believe superstardom.
If there could be an instant, a moment in time, when you are simultaneously hopeless and proud, happy in sorrows, empty yet filled, leaping while standing still, I found it then as I thought about beer, bathrooms, jobs, bills, loneliness, faith, joy, but most of all people. A salty sea breeze came and waltzed with night blooming flowers hanging over the edges of balconies above the stage. Wind rustled up leaves and carried over fits of laughter and screams from those on the rides, while everything began to take on shades of gold, amber or chocolate. The sun dipped further into the now nearly navy blue pacific for her evening splash, taking an early but glamorous leave.
- Introduction to a Devout Life, St. Francis de Sales
Fewer carry-ons will empty the plane faster, eh? Is that a big draw for people? Are travelers going to flock to Spirit Airlines for the prospect of getting off the plane three minutes sooner than with other airlines? Can people set aside the fact that they're being nickel and dimed by an airline? I can only imagine that Spirit Airlines has just committed a big ol' PR blunder. By charging passengers to bring luggage on the plane, the airline is letting its customers know that their needs aren't important, but revenue is.
Nor you, Yosemite - nor Yellowstone, with all its spasmic geyserloops ascending to the skies, appearing and disappearing,
So now you have some funky, painted, decked out walls! Too bad your vanity isn't looking too sharp and you've still got that fruity coloured ikea double bed from who know when right? WRONG. Ok so I don't think anything's that bad but lets face facts, it's not always great either. Here's some ideas on how to 'spiff up your furniture.
My accusers know better, but God and His Word to the contrary, they pretend not to know better, and seek occasion to speak evil of the Holy Ghost and of the truth that is openly confessed, so that they may earn the reward of hell and never receive repentance or the forgiveness of their sins.
The Shadow of the Wind­- Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Then I picked up my birth control.
Been a while since the last episode. George and I were gallivanting around Cape Town for 4 days. It was the best 4 days I have had in a while and if it weren’t for Kelso, I would not have wanted to come home. I love Jozi, I really do, but when you can walk the city centre without “safety in numbers”, you kinda like the idea.
It seems that there’s a cycle happening which has a scale of several million years. But in order for this cycle to work, there has to be something to retrieve these fossil fuels from the abyss where they’ve laid dormant for so long and burn them. It is as if the water cycle only worked if someone carried buckets of water up a tall ladder and filled up the clouds and someone else rubbed a balloon on their head to store up a charge.
This Friday and Saturday night, September 19th & 20th, the SkallyWagz will be returning to one of our favorite clubs, City Lights in Hacienda Heights! It's been far to long since the SkallyWagz crew have been aboard there and they intend to ROCK the place! Rock and Roll, new songs, and a totally fun place to party!
Not even Chutney Soca Monarch winners safe from crime…KI Persad’s family robbed, but they managed to shoot the bandit in his stomach (FTW). http://www.guardian.co.tt/news/2012-02-13/gunman-mars-ki%E2%80%99s-victory-celebrations
In one 12-pack, we got 11 cans of orangeade plus one can of….
Thanks to Abrams Publishing for a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.
Here's the next little pincushion I am going to try: it's by Joel Dewberry and the tutorial and pattern are here.
Celebrate Islamic Art.
Perez Hilton told B96/Chicago this morning, “Miley Cyrus was in the hospital yesterday. She was rushed to the emergency room late Monday night after cutting herself badly enough with a kitchen knife to be hospitalized.”
We are slowly getting your nook more ready for you in our bedroom. The crib is set up and we bought a travel type bassinet/co-sleeper you will be in for your first few months. Your crib sheet, custom rainbow star blanket, and custom sun/cloud/rainbow mobile have all been ordered and on their way as well.
xoxo and God Bless+,
Reluctantly, I set the yellow puppy down. "Done," I said.
-Y2J gets Punk up for the G2S…. Punk fights out, tosses Jericho into the exposed corner post, G2S! 1…2….THREE!
Last week the district court announced that it is not going to honour the request made by the media to televise the testimony of the defendant. The media and the defence team have appealed this decision, and are in agreement on this particular issue.
Hollywood has a penchant for supposed self-deflation, like a Warren Beatty who bumbles and snorts and self-deprecates his way to getting killed off every other movie, as if to convince wife-beating rubes in Alsip, Illinois that Being Incredibly Rich and Handsome and Catered To ain't all it's cracked up to be. Occasionally, the industry gives us a Sunset Boulevard or an All About Eve, laying bare the peculiarities of that strange, delicate species known as The Actress. Sometimes, we get a Swimming With Sharks or The Player, if a fucked-over screenwriter or director's got a voodoo doll bearing the likeness of a certain executive on his bedside table.
The legal process ground on and on before finally Bonds went to trial this year. He was acquitted of all perjury charges but found guilty of obstruction of justice in connection with the answers he gave to one set of questions.
I found that this is a big reason that my first marriage did not work. We forgot to really communicate. I do not even remember when he kissed me with the feelings of love behind the kiss. We only talked with each other to just get the day taken care of. Planning where the kids were to be, what responsibilities we had to take care of in church, house responsibilities, etc. I found that all I did was do my best to keep the world looking normal for the kids. I was so focused on working on this, that I avoided him when he was talking bad about me to anyone who would listen. I felt hurt, but I would not say anything in my defense because I believed that my problems were to stay in the home and not to be aired out on a weekly basis. When I did talk to anyone, I was trying to figure out how to fix things in my life and wanted a second opinion to give me options that I was not seeing.
It's the first time that the shortlisting has resulted in an all-female finale. The authors nominated are:
1. Buy us toilet paper, milk and beautiful whole grain bread.
lily: i was good today! i shared!
Together we're invincible"
Best joined him at third wicket down and – making use of their professional skills – exploited their powerplay to the full, to take the score to 264. Best scored 61 off 30 balls.
Because it is so old and crappy I wasn't too surprised when it started sounding like the pedal was down all the time. This was in spite of the fact that the pedals wouldn't work at all. The kids complained about it so much that one night Jer decided to take it apart. We immediately saw the problem. Laying across the strings were:
When dough is completely thawed it will be puffed up a bit.
Common Sense finally gave up the will to live, after a woman failed to realise that a steaming cup of coffee was hot. She spilled a little in her lap, and was promptly awarded a huge settlement.
Learning must be insisted upon, enforced, and even coerced.
I met a woman in line who is a professor from the LBJ school of public affairs. She tells me not to worry, the “show” won’t start until 6:20.
First of all, breathe. Visualize yourself breathing in love and light energy, filling your body with white light. As you breathe out, visualize all the negative, dark energy leaving your body. Continue for as long as you need. Then, think about the relationship you have with this person. How often do you see them? Do the conversations always go this way? Are they going through a tough time? Are they usually super negative?
So what we do now...We are on a regiment of both medications 3x/day. We have our routine down and it's easy. I have to watch her closely because she is at risk for infections of the colon and could also flip to being constipated at some point. I do not know if this is something that she will have to do the rest of her life....they couldn't tell me. We feel very blessed to have had a situation that was resolved so easily and painlessly. However, it wouldn't have mattered. We would do whatever we needed to...she's ours...and that's what you do.
7. West Tulsa Story
Ho quindi chiesto alla cara Anita il permesso di pubblicare le sue foto
I know I made this to sell in my shop, I just have not decided if I am going to make it into a kit - with everything needed to finish or go a head finish it an all that will need to be done is add photos. What do you think???
Geri Galian - His Piano And The Caballeros
I didn’t much care for things Valley when I was there. Nothing was new, nothing was exotic. It was all hum-drum, boring. No one could ever write about the Valley (unbeknownst to me at the time, Americo Paredes and Rolando Hinojosa-Smith were doing it, and doing it very well), why would anyone want to? But I left for several years, and it was in that absence that I figured out I love conjunto music, I no longer see or hear a difference between us (Mexican Americans) and them (Mexican immigrants) when it comes to how we speak.
The heavens declare it,
Next, be prepared for a change in both design and format of this blog as it becomes my primary and I work to slowly retire Many Worlds. You may see posts here that seem to have little to do with this blog’s general theme as I port all my older posts over. They aren’t that alien in truth. Writing, creativity, passion… Here or there, I have always strove to experience and share them.
Choking back tears Jackie sobbed.
The Searchlight organisation runs six main operations:
(4) He informed that He has promised to give this price (Paradise) and shall neither break His Promise, nor shall neglect it.
1 begets
With 12 smaller pockets approx 4 1/2 " wide and 2 large pockets approx 9" wide
The surprise comes, though, when spirits lovers actually sample these new spirits. While most of us would agree that Georgia Moon is no sophisticated sipping whiskey, some of the white spirits on offer now are. Tuthilltown’s Hudson corn whiskey is a great example of America’s primal spirit. They don’t call it moonshine, but it’s a better execution on the theme than much of the so-called commercial moonshine I’ve had.
And then I took my cart with my sweet precious innocent little children sitting in the front and got as far away from the photo department as possible.
"Are you sure it doesn't taste like . . . . . . SALMON?" I asked.
But they were out of them.
Ichiko Nakajima has been an Ajkun Ballet Theatre Company Artist since 2008. A native of Japan, Ms. Nakajima holds a Master’s Degree in Dance and Dance Education from New York University and loves the city that has been her home for ten years. We sat down with Ichiko to talk about her years of training, her career with AjkunBT and her favorite Classical role to perform.
It's not over yet - there's a mainly clinical session in the morning that a lot of people are apparently planning to skip in favor of a turn around the city - but I guess in spite of my disappointment over this being neither a larger, more animated, event nor a small intimate gathering, it was worth coming. Seeing my ex and future grad student Laisheng was great, and we hope to work out a way to bring him back over to France to finish the project he started. Preparing my presentation forced me to take the time to get this batch of data in order and consider what needs to be done to make it a good publication. And the interest of my fellow congess-goers showed me that that's worth doing. There really is almost nothing in the literature comparing breast cancer in developed vs developing countries, and the little information I have is indeed a big step forward. There's motivation for getting my colleagues moving on our project again.
She methodically removed every last remnant,
C. J. How should we think about those who are not known?
Some days just seem to start all wrong. I wish I could walk on pink clouds every day, but I guess then I would be pretty fed up, and I´d want purple or blue clouds. Really, sometimes I have one of those days where I wish I had a remote control to press pause or delete or a computer to press undo.
Can you tell with what? Got the frame stuff from my new love, 'Restore', a Habitat for Humanity store.
Eyes down and to the right signifies internal kinesthetic dialog.
… because people might think you are a fool.
- 1/4 teaspoon of baking soda
This place was seriously awesome and totally unexpected! If you happen to be going to Scottsdale for any reason in the future, I highly recommend the Smoke Tree Resort. To some, it might not hold up to today's "resort" standards of all-inclusive restaurants, beaches, and amenities, but it was a beautiful, tucked away, and quiet spot to enjoy the weekend. Pretty fantastic by my standards.
Today, when Shahzeb came back, I stood with two choices. Either to leave you, or to be with you. I could easily have chosen the former because I knew you wouldn’t stop me, but I couldn’t. Confused and worried about my own reactions, I decided to push those doors of my heart which had been closed shut. It was then when I realized that I could not forget Shahzeb because I let him ruin my self-respect. A part of me was constantly cursing him and this is why I couldn’t let go off him. As soon as I realized this, I gave him a call and settled all scores with him. I told him that I do not belong to him. I never did. And I never will.
Now the air is still and questioning and everything is crisp and hushed and waiting, somehow.
This week our operator samples are as diverse as the team which brings them to you! I'm so excited about all the different feeling samples from one pretty cool sketch!
God overcoming the boundaries of time in the Eucharist to be fully present as He was present on the Holy Cross.
Tortuga: I do love her and need her.
Iceland ranks: Tied for 5th with the United Kingdom (1.74)
According to a number of Google+ postings, Google is in the process of testing its new OS on its old Nexus S device. How is it doing this testing? By using its own employees as guinea pigs, of course.
This is the beer that Dogfish head is know for, and in my opinion, one of the better IPA's available (unless you ask Cathy). This was one of the first craft brews I got hooked on, and at the time, it really opened up my eyes to what a good beer can and should taste like.
The decision to kill bin Laden was a political one, so the likelihood is that his command staff will be killed on a regular basis between now and the 2012 elections. You may recall that a drone tried to take out al Qaeda’s Anwar al-Awlaki in Yemen at the same time in a two-fer, but his days are numbered.
and sour breath,
It pains me to think how screwed up and altered my brain is. Slowly, I have been doing better. My therapist, nutritionist, and psychiatrist all agree. I’m am slowly escaping my mind. And boy can I tell you what a terrific feeling it is.
Rev. W. H. M. H. Aitken, M.A..Canon Residentiary of Norwich. Author of Mission Sermons(3 vols.); The School of Grace; The Highway of Holiness; The Doctrine of Baptism, Mechanical or Spiritual; and other works.
Men and women are different - very different.
The second zombie novel was one that I bought after reading Zombie Ad's interview with the author, Iain McKinnon, on his Zombie Shop blog site. http://zombieshop.blogspot.com/2012/01/20-questions-with-iain-mckinnon.html The novel in question was Domain of the Dead. It's not a very long novel at 184 pages and I'm afraid I wasn't very impressed with it. Most of the action takes place on a research ship, which gets overrun with zombies, far too quickly and far too easily in my view. I really couldn't empathise with any of the characters, which is a major failing for any novel. Yet again, the book was let down by too many proofreading mistakes. My friend, Joe/Zabadak, states that this a curse of zombie books and I must agree with him.
“Oh my God!”. The members often used it on our program “2NE1TV” and now it’s become popular in Korea. When you’re surprised, when you’re happy, whenever it is, use “Oh my God!!”
c. Backsass Darth Vader
And it’s not just the trades. Unemployment is as rampant in Nova Scotia as the exodus out West is. It just amazes me, I guess. The politicians in this province have been known to fight tooth and nail for dying industries (*cough*papermill*cough*), but they’ve got no drive toward attracting new, viable ones. The people here (retirees who don’t need work, I’m looking at you) have an awful habit of opposing the industries who do come knocking, usually claiming that they’ll destroy the province. Well I hate to break it to you, activists, but the province can be as pretty and environmental as you want it to be, but no one will be here to enjoy it in a few more years!
I cheated on that tree with a shrub.
-Greece
Its bottle list has also developed a keen following in recent times and the outdoor area and cider garden have been a ‘go-to’ destination for casual catch ups while the downstairs space has been the podium for beer launches and other special events. But the restaurant/grill upstairs has always been something of an undiscovered gem.
Wye Not for me.
Will FDA take action against other products containing added caffeine?
Full Back; Kearney's good, but Halfpenny's better. (Wales).
The most obvious example of this would be the attacks on the World Trade Centre in 2001, which killed approximately 3,000 people, but there are many others that serve to demonstrate that Muslim terrorism takes the mass infliction of such casualties as its core operating objective. The Bali nightclub bombing killed about 200 people, mainly tourists. The Madrid subway bombing had a similar death toll. Whether we look at the U.S. Embassy bombing in Kenya, the attacks on Bombay in 2008, the Beslan school attack in Russia in 2004, or the Baghdad church bombing in 2010, we see that the basic objective is always the same: kill as many civilians as possible, simultaneously damaging economically vital infrastructure if possible, in attempts to horrify the relevant governments into doing what one wants them to do.
At the station he saw his cook comfortably settled – as far as a flustered cook can be said ever to be comfortably settled – in a third class carriage. On account of his cold he adopted Dawson’s suggestion and travelled first.
451220 Prerecorded tape, compact disc, & record stores
Flicked into life by some wicked wind
So in order to try to shift the funk, I took the money I'd put aside to buy some new trainers with which to 'run' and 'gym' and 'feel better.' I took a bus to 'Hampshire Mall', a shopping centre which amazes and depresses me in equal parts because it has a roller disco but also the strangest array of sports memorabilia shops and silent nail salons and lots and lots of mock marble!
The website is under construction and things did not go well yesterday, so today there will be periods of down time. Hopefully it won't be offline too long.
but it stopped quickly.
There are lighted floors, there are moves that look like precursors to hip hop,there are fucking disco-balls, there is ecstasy, beauty and fun! Disco is often dismissed as “not serious” music, but I come home rain-soaked, and hurting from my evah-victimized fam-fam. Yes, I was super-rude to be all given-way and it is really hard for them. My fee-fees are of no consequence but I’m stayin’ alive.
Monica contacted me (and a host of other bloggers across the internet) with the offer/request for a review of her new book Socialpunk. Along with the book (which Amazon Prime members can get for free by following the link in the post), Monica is also writing two more to complete the trilogy (Socialmob and Socialhood).
There are no literal bullets, like dots. It will appear much as it did in the PDF. It will say, “EW's bullet points...” and then the list starts. The only difference will be where the line breaks are and I am going to use Rockwell font.
Though, my feelings are changing. The missing I am feeling isn’t a painful yearning. It is a “oh yeah, that was nice, I miss that”
Fanm Pou Fanm (women for women, in Creole) are clicking along faster than needles & hooks at a knitters & crocheters convention! One of us has lived in Haiti & speaks the language, the other is getting her first passport, shots- more about that later in the week.
With all of these close-calls.
What you feel inside
I think that Romeo wanted to play and/or talk with Juliet, who was not there but there was a talk with his parent’s about it, but his parent’s were refusing him to play or talk with Juliet or her family; and they were telling him about other families that he could not associate with.
“This topic is important, but relatively simple to fix,” he said, noting he wasn’t looking at what was done in the past, but “focusing on policy going forward.”
I seem to get a lot of my “inspirations” from God as I am driving. I guess while I am driving, I am a captive audience and my mind, although going in several directions, my body at least physically has to stay in one spot…..
As my eyes have improved , I've gone back to stitching but the heat is stopping me doing too much.
But, I’m sure you’re not going to let me get away with just that as an excuse! So what else have been up to?
1. Whatever is in the heavens and whatever is in the earth declares the glory of Allah, the King, the Holy, the Mighty, the Wise.
VP: Public Relations and Marketing: Mia Kimmons
Cheryl Cole has been regarded as ‘the most boring celebrity on Twitter’ and she hasn’t taken left them to find out from their readers if they agreed, telling her own opinion.
The unfortunate side effect of trying to make the gospel “relevant” and acceptable to modern society is the tendency to water down the gospel to eliminate the words “sin” and “hell” (whoops ! I mean the S and H words). This notion, that is so thick in evangelicalism today, that somehow we must never offend anyone and if we do we have failed as Christians and the world will turn a deaf ear, goes totally against the words of Jesus himself.
I have also been doing a lot of reading on mixed media art. I used to do mixed media and somehow got out of it. But after chatting with Judy Schachner at the last SCBWI conference I was inspired to start it again. She gains most of her inspiration for SkippyJon Jones while creating beautiful mixed media projects. She had some with her and they were amazing!
The judge on the Fifth Circuit is Jerry Smith, a Reagan appointee from 1988. The judge has given Planned Parenthood until 5:00 p.m. today (Wed.) to respond. If they don’t, the stay will hold until the case goes through the federal court system. Meanwhile tens of thousands of Texas women will be denied services they are entitled to.
Because the fermentation process, yeast acts on the sugar in the grapes to produce alcohol and carbon dioxide which builds pressure. According to the Bible, new wine is, therefore, not fermented. Also, the Lord's Supper was grape juice, evidenced because when Jesus spoke of the "fruit of the vine" (Matthew 26:29) He was speaking of new wine. He didn't even use the term wine, but fruit.
SF) What is for you the main difference between a 'free painting' and a 'commissioned illustration'? / Quali sono le principali differenze tra un lavoro libero e uno commissionato?
"I understand that," I said. "I just think sometimes schools tend to go to the extreme when attaching labels like bulling to playground disagreements and confrontations. Punishing everything is just as dangerous as not punishing anything."
I found that my entire body was on fire
The party was a huge success - over eighty friends, relatives, and crashers enjoyed themselves. I spent hours at the grill, making hot dogs, burgers, and steaks. Our guests laughed, chatted, and enjoyed one another. Old friends were reunited, and new friends were made. The food was delicious and everyone left with a full belly. A few moments after the last guests said goodbye late that night, I once again surveyed my kingdom. It looked like it had been attacked by Huns.
Why the Siren Likes It: It's a masterpiece, that's why, one that belongs on any list of the great films of the 1950s. A master class in how to make a movie about misguided, surface-focused people trapped by a hypocritical society, without condescending to or withholding compassion from them. The proof is that 50 years after its release, the thwarted mother-daughter love still reduces many to tears. The Siren bristles when she hears this described as camp. There isn't a single unintentional effect in it. The falseness and glitter are there to throw race, this country's original sin, into high relief. But Sirk doesn't invite the audience to feel superior. He wants recognition, AND he wants identification. In the superb opening scene on the beach, when Lana Turner reacts with gooey middle-class "understanding" to Juanita Moore's having a white-skinned daughter, Sirk didn't want the white liberals in the audience to say, "What a hypocrite." He wanted them to say, "Shit, that's me." (The beautiful screen cap is from Ways of Seeing, the Siren's new blog discovery; several others, equally enthralling, right here.)
On February 6, 2012, a meeting was held between the FMCSA Medical Review Board and the Motor Carrier Safety Advisory Committee to discuss, once again, sleep apnea, BMI and truck drivers. The upshot of that meeting, citing the possibility of fatigue related accidents, is that drivers with a BMI (body mass index) of 35 or more will have to have a mandatory sleep study done if the FMCSA takes the recommendations to regulation. This though studies and statistics show that fatigue is related to approximately 1.4% of all truck related crashes. What is really going on?
The same products going back to the same tired wells over, and over, and over again.
We must not retreat from any advances in our congregations. Are Lutherans learning to make the sign of the cross as Luther himself encouraged? Is there more attention in the congregations to more frequent offering and reception of the Holy Eucharist? Are people learning the meaning of the crucifix? Do the people know and appreciate the sacramental nature of the liturgy and its relation to Christ's Bride, the Church? What can we learn from why some of our pastors who have left and are leaving for the Catholic and Orthodox Churches? These and other questions remain.
"Creating routines is the best way to get into good habits. Create a chart of nightly/weekly to-dos. Such as, designating one day of the week to clean out the car and straighten up before going to bed every night. Before you know it, it will become second-nature."
I took a wonderful bath with my Lush marshmallow melting moment bath melt. It looks like a cupcake. (www.lush.com) I lit a strawberry candle and got comfortable. Corny, maybe, but I listened to Enya, while soaking in my marshmallow heaven and had a moment of bliss.
Read it, and then let me know so we can cyber-highfive about how great this book is.
Easy as pie.
Because both Traci and I luuurve Ballard Designs, we took a quick trip out to their outlet store while we were in town (West Chester, Ohio):
"One more thought to carry away with you, gentlemen," continued the gentle old man, thoroughly pleased by now that his lecture had so caught the fancy of his class, "If you will observe, not only does the rapid revolution of the wheel cause the spokes to become entirely invisible, depending a great deal upon the speed of revolution for total elimination of any noticeable flickerings of each spoke, but also, and most important, objects through and beyond the wheel become clear, distinct, and in fact, appear in detail and clarity exactly as though there were no revolving wheel and spokes between the eye and the object. Generally, of course, to make an object invisible would leave a sort of blank space in the surrounding landscape, inasmuch as the object would still be matter which would not pass light rays striking it from behind. I admit this is a rather fantastic idea and seems rather improbable of realization in practical fields, yet I repeat, young men, this phenomenon, coupled with certain discoveries in the field of the smaller divisions of matter as we know it, leads some of us to hope and suspect the presence of some means used by nature to cause certain of the more rapidly moving particles of matter to completely disappear, thus allowing us to 'see through' them, ofttimes with no consciousness of their presence."
Time: 25:23.7
My quiet time was in the book of Romans chapter eight verses 18-39 and what struck me was that in times of suffering, we need to focus on the hope that is to come. The time we will be home with the Father.
If you’d like to help out on the war effort, feel to do any/all/some of the following:
Cop phones keep ringing - DA
All the elements were placed on the banner with foam adhesives in varying heights. I kept the word Texas simple, figuring the images would speak for themselves. The letters are from Cricut Classic Font. The pennant was finished by adding a border of hemp twine around the edge which was tied in a lasso shape.
Skirt- DIY
Bon Appetit!
Victoria is notable for the strong culture of rights that it has built and enshrined in law – the North Melbourne Legal Service makes these rights accessible to all.
I am not prepared for this.
Mouthfeel: 3.5
Luckily I have a bit of a remedy. I bake. When I was younger I would wallow. Now, I bake. It just makes me feel better. There is the obvious reason - eating. Who doesn't like to eat when they are down? But that's not even my main reason, albeit a lovely side affect. For me it's the satisfaction of building something from scratch. Baking is a precise process. It's not like cooking where you can throw stuff together and taste, adjust, taste, adjust. Not that cooking isn't it's own art - it certainly is! Anyway, I like the step by step of it all. It takes focus. So when you've got a case of the mean reds, focusing on something else is always a good thing.
During operation the module used less than 24 mA of current and therefore can happily run from a standard Arduino-type board without any issues. For more information please visit the product page.
to punch the clock and rock… (and roll)
6) Fox News. So stupid. See earlier posts for details about my hatred of fox news.
Last weekend, I was there with my family for lunch.
Here's a key, in case you haven't noticed: politicians always accuse each other of doing what they know they would do (or are actually doing at the moment) in the same circumstances. The classic example is when each party accuses the other of "playing politics". Of course they are, scooter, and so are you!
Stephanie Michelini in Wild Side, 2004
His is a truly fascinating and forward thinking appointment that can only mean very fresh and exciting times ahead for Christian Dior's overall women and men's business. Not least because of the stark differences between Dior's former Kingpin John Galliano and the incoming Simons who will put on his first Dior show for the Haute Couture in July.
Years ago when I first opened my quilt shop back in 2006, my sister told me about this young kid that was going to be playing (music that he wrote himself...... some at a very young age) at this little place (I can't remember the name of it...imagine that!) anyway.
Billionaire Wang Gongquan, an investor in China, announced to the world that he was leaving his wife via China’s equivilant of Twitter, Sina Weibo. Mr. Gongquan writes, “I am giving up everything and eloping with Wang Qin. I feel ashamed and so am leaving without saying goodbye. I kneel down and beg forgiveness!”
He said he'll find it particularly gratifying to perform for Second World War veterans who might not have many more opportunities to see the Lancaster take flight.
First, start a day early, and treat your mom to a delicious brunch at McCoy's! Starting at 10:00 a.m. on Sunday, May 13, we'll have a buffet set up with glazed ham, roast beef, peel-n-eat shrimp, almond-encrusted salmon, eggs Benedict, fried chicken, chicken & sausage jambalaya, scrambled eggs, breakfast potatoes, bacon, sausage, biscuits & gravy, bananas foster French toast, mashed potatoes, mac n' cheese, danishes, and much, much more!!! You get all of this for $19.99/person, and can add a bloody Mary or mimosa for only $3! So come on, treat your ma to a great brunch.
Salad Drink the elixir UK/NL
The sound track of prayer is the rumble of worship
This is more than just a skill, this is a combination of energies from all aspects of life. In this moment of 'perfection' that can't ever be completely perfect - there is no difference between the abilities of mare or a stallion, man or a woman. It is a complete blend of male and female energies focused to near perfection.
The more recent recession has not touched the area in the ways that primary retail locations have experienced, possibly due to the more localised type of retailing involved and the lack of exposure to the failure of multiple retailers.
“Germany sir.”
On November 2, my friends Jonathan and Alice invited me to meet them at the Science Center so our kids could have a fun playdate. It was 16 days before I was due and I was feeling fabulous. We spent several hours at the Science Center, walked around the inlet a bit and had lunch, then I headed home and did what any soon-to-be-mom would do....I mopped my floors and cleaned my entire house. The next morning around 4:30 am, I woke up with a terrible backache and I began to regret my decision to do so much walking and cleaning the day before. Looking back, I should have realized that I was having serious back labor pains, but I was obviously in some form of denial because when my sister Laurie called around 9 am to see if I could babysit my niece Sylvia that day, I gladly agreed.
The piece of paper above the image and the leave are made with my Cuttlebug. The stamps are by Stampin´Up, the chipboard letter is by My Mind´s Eye.
We packed up the walkers and put them in the roof space of the garage.
Out of the two senators, only one got back with me. Senator Nickles’ assistant called me, and said that the story “touched” Mr. Nickles, and that he was going to sponsor a bill in February to make this idea come true. Finally, Veterans would be getting what they have long deserved, RECOGNITION.
Sam Hendry is not looking forward to starting at her new school. Things go from bad to worse as the day of truth arrives and all of her fears come true... and then some.
Crouching, ready to sprint, the tracker listened for the sounds of a reload. Off to his left he heard a click and then the creak of rusty metal. Paying no attention to his still-living comrade, the tracker took a read on the sound, scanned quickly and then sprinted for higher ground and better cover.
The Voortrekkers -who would later go on to found the more successful & various other Boer Republics- were of Trekboer descent. Furthermore: the Boers developed into a nation / people long before their first encounter with a Black (Bantu) group. Their first encounter with a Bantu group was with the Xhosas during around 1777. 125 years after the first arrivals of their European ancestors at the Cape. This is a very significant point as it moots any ignorant notion opposing their presence in their own land of birth. While their ancestors did encounter indigenous people in the Western Cape: they were the Khoisan peoples (a yellow-brown skinned people with Oriental looking features) who were once native to & hence the aboriginals of much of the southern & eastern half of Africa before being displaced & annihilated by migrating darker skinned Bantu groups. The Khoisan groups are now only found in the Northern Cape & Namibia (mainly the San / Bushmen) while the remaining Khoi were absorbed into the emerging Cape Coloured population.
But the conditions that made TV the de facto heart of our brand messaging no longer exist. Today, interactive marketing is ready to lead your brand campaigns, for four key reasons:
and now with its arrival, I can start searching out fabrics. How gorgeous is that! Thanks, Sue, for this most welcome prize. I can hardly wait to get started!
In the U.S, frog legs come in frozen packages and are readily available at many Asian grocery stores. As I was trying to google “frog legs” to see where in the U.S. frog legs might be available, I came upon this photo of our Commander-in-Chief, eating fried frog legs in New Orleans!
30 second double arm rope slams
 Each week, we will tally the total dollar value of the receipts and there will be a graph in the office so you can track your progress and check out how you’re doing against the competition!
I really,really, really wish someone had given me one of these when I was a kid--even if it only ended up collecting dust after just a few months of half-hearted use. For some reason, I can't shake just how cool it would feel to step out on the back porch with your mom or dad and look up at the stars. Ah, but this is not an inexpensive gift, which means you would have to pick your recipient wisely.
First, I think that today, formal programs have dominated and have trickled down to very young ages: soccer at three, Little League t-ball at age four. The kid's schedules fill up at young ages and they fill up with just a few activities, or even two or one activity.
but gentlemen beware
take a sickly step
Tomorrow I will be attending the home opener of my favorite professional football team. My friends and I are pretty serious about football. Eleven of us own a bus, painted in our team colors, which we will be driving to the stadium tomorrow morning. We will arrive in time for the parking lot to open at 8:00am. Here are some suggestions for getting through a day like that without completely sacrificing your hard work toward living a healthy lifestyle:
* royal icing
I have to be dedicated to doing His will no matter what is going on around me or inside of me.
½ to 1 cup dried cranberries
A woman, probably about 40 years old, was on the elliptical in front of and to the right of me. She was talking to a girl, probably 13 or 14 years old. I'm assuming it was her daughter.
Honestly. The questions that they ask have to be able to be answered by those with all levels of intelligence, so that means that if you have half a brain inside of your skull, then most of the questions are an insult to your IQ. Not even a joke, the math that I had to do today could be done by a seventh grader. I could have taken that test in seventh grade and passed it with flying colors.
These were taken with my old favorite… the 85mm lens, set at f/2.2. Look at that tongue! I’m so happy I was able to get a shot like this… I’ve been trying to catch something like this since I got my camera ~ almost 3 years now!
There are other reasons for self-medicating. In order to live with another addiction, it is often necessary to numb the senses. This numbing becomes an addiction in itself and the original reason is lost in a drugged haze.
It was 3am and dark outside. The moon was up and the air was calm. I couldnt sleep. I hadnt slept for days. He was on my mind day and night.
I have an etsy store you can check out www.artymama.etsy.com . If you add me as a fave and subscribe to my RSS feed you'll always know when I've uploaded. Also, I have a facebook page you can 'like' and will give you previews of uploads too.
One beer that I've 'researched' more than others recently is a new offering from one of my favourite Scottish breweries, Fyne Ales. It's their West Highland Black IPA (WHBIPA) and for the past few weeks it's been making an appearance in The Three Judges, The Bon Accord, The State Bar and The Laurieston.
Bed is a bundle of paradoxes; we go to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret; we make up our minds every night to leave it early, but we make up our bodies every morning to keep it late.
Yes, it is bread we fight for,
Writing Epic Fantasy as Ian Alexander, Joshua Graham is the author of numerous bestselling titles, including his Barnes & Noble #1 bestselling legal thriller BEYOND JUSTICE, which was listed on Suspense Magazine's Best of 2010, along with titles by Scott Turrow, Ted Dekker, Steven James and Brad Thor.
Scattered about the walls was a collection of abstract art that was both engaging and aesthetically appealing. I had nearly lost myself in a painting that reminded me of the beautiful wreckage found in many dead cities. That’s when the gagging and shuffling behind me snapped me back to reality.
Every viewer of LOST knows the great LOST Metapuzzle was always based on twists and turns, and people and things not being what you thought they were and are...so I must ask you why you think the final moments of LOST would be any different?
Though parts of it feel hard, and I miss a more relaxed schedule and all of the "me" time I had, I also see where God gives me the strength to do what I have to do too.
Beating it down well ensures that the falis puff well.
Marti: "Would you inside them out?"
This painting and its meaning kind of grew while I was creating it. To be lost and suddenly found is a very beautiful thing. It's inspired by how God loves us and how He keeps us close to Him and also how He searches us out when we are lost.
"The Lord will guide you always; he will satisfy your needs in a sun-scorched land and will strengthen your frame. You will be like a well-watered garden, like a spring whose waters never fail. Your people will rebuild the ancient ruins and will raise up the age-old foundations; YOU WILL BE CALLED REPAIRER OF BROKEN WALLS, RESTORER OF STREETS WITH DWELlINGS."
- Vichy skin care: 25% off
Alas, it didn’t happen – we never met our Beastie husbands. Life went on. Raina went on to marry someone other than MCA, and I went on to date an actual musician, and I discovered that my groupie experience was a lot different than Pamela des Barres’, and I’m just not really cut out for that life. Now I date a former musician, now accountant, and that suits me much better. But every time I hear Paul’s Boutique – still to this day one of my all time favorite albums -- I think about that carefree summer, the last summer I was young enough to have a crush and old enough to drive past what I thought was his house (and, um, be prosecuted as an adult). And though I still think AdRock is, like, still illin’, I think it was more about shedding that nerdy bookishness and becoming a rock and roll butterfly, though that didn’t happen, either. Obviously.
Go green
Dad's stare-down with cancer is causing him to scrutinize all the years spent in pursuit of transient prizes. But I never think, "If only my old man hadn't spent so much time running, maybe we could've done (fill in the blank)." No, I think instead of mornings spent on the road... and promise to give memories like those to my own kids.
Liberals call conservatives intolerant, but their own tolerance never seems to extend to those who disagree with their plan to radically transform America. On college campuses around the country, these lovers of free speech constantly shout down those trying to take advantage of the First Amendment.
Preheat oven 325 ° F
By the time we got off the shuttle bus and found the shortest available port-o-potty line, it was already 6:30. The race was slated to start in 30 minutes, and the line, although the shortest one, was still huge. Luckily I made a friend on the bus, and we stood together the whole time, talking about all things running and gyms. She was supposed to find her friends in their corral and was worried they would think she had been murdered, and I just really urgently needed to do my business one last time. So both of us appreciated someone to talk to while we stood there instead of biting all of our fingernails off because of all of our nervous energy.
As you can see I did free motion feathers in the boarder. This is the first time using the 'hump' method and they were real easy. I just marked the boarders with a curvy line to serve as a guideline for the spine and went from there... even wrapping the feathers around the corners. I was so happy when I had gone around both sides that the beginning and end came together so easily.... whew!
Once condemned now reconciled
a massive box of 12 inch papers, loose papers and pads. A4 kanban card and papers, 6" papers and pads including basic grey, K&Co, paper mania, me to you, hunkydory. Some papers have been cut down.
31. If oil ah float watah deh ah battam. A little evidence can tell the whole story.
Don't miss all the incredible creations that the team has made for you today!!!!
Cosby recalled speaking at a Newark, N.J., high school that graduated 255 students out of a ninth-grade class that started with750. As he looked at the graduates, he said, he noticed that about 80percent were female. Of the top 13 honor students in the class, only one was male.
we discovered that you create commercial paper for each inmate in
sat together
Can you remember your biggest breakup? The one that hit you deep down inside? The one you dwell over for months or years? Yes, the one that changed your life whether it was for the greater good or not. Breakups, we’ll all hate them but sometimes we can’t control them. Breakup-The act of ending something, dissolution, termination or conclusion, the end of a relationship. An act that we can’t control unless you’re the initiator of the break up.
“We did some market studies at the time to look at what would be the appropriate rate,” Ludwig said about the planning for the rates. “It was a little difficult because there is nothing like that on the market here in St. Cloud. It’s different. A building aimed at student housing with an elevator, in-unit washers and dryers, full kitchens, a private bath for each bedroom with underground parking and a lot of those characteristics made it different than a lot of the other projects available for student housing.”
Book descriptions are the worst. My absolute favorite part about being with a publisher now is that I don't have to write to the blurbs on the back of my books anymore. Honestly.
with that said, on Nov. 10th 2011, THE MIGHTY ZULU KINGS WORLD WIDE (4th generation zk) honored our first, second, and 3rd generation forefathers with awards. for the first time in history, representatives all 4 generations were united.
Of course, also high-end brands have released a shimmer powder in an atomizer bottle. Here's two examples. L'Or Celeste by Givenchy, and Vol de Nuit by Guerlain. I love them, so chique!
Sometimes concealing.
Winston-Salem, NC
Elite 2.0?
Final Mastering: 1996 Eric Spitzer-Marlyn at "The Hitbox", Altenburg and Othmar Eichinger at "Ton Eickiner", Wien
Side One: New World ~ The New Colonial March ~ Troop Selection ~ Berliner Luft
Andrea, from our Issaquah location, has one of the trendiest pets possible. Dotti is always dressed up in the latest fashion as shown in this precious photo.
That much of the message confirms it as false right away. It’s the same scam that used Gordie Tentrees’ email address a few years ago, and that another Dawsonite here saw played on a friend of hers from Vancouver later on.
– Concerns Over Financing Stall Juvenile Justice Reforms in Georgia
9. Steph at Loves To Create Cards- I am always blown away by the detail in her cards. The fact that she cuts everything in white and inks it impresses me every time.
I liked the idea of a flight on a B17, until I saw the price.
-If you don't care to hear from anyone who disagrees with you just unfriend all of your friends of a different political persuasion and tune solely in to your biased news programs that will never challenge your long held understanding of how the world works.
After my brother killed himself, my parents, understandably, had a rough time. It was a difficult time for all of us, but my parents couldn't seem to move on from the guilt and the pain. They were in so much pain and filled with such anger, anger that just grew and grew, that they essentially were no longer living. I remember telling my dad that he was doing my brother no good. The guilt he felt about being a bad parent wasn't serving any purpose except to destroy another life. It made more sense to take the lessons learned and to be a better father, grandfather, friend, person...
7. Finally, have fun, be positive and please...above all else...communicate! We are not a scary bunch and we need input, ideas, opinions and suggestions! Please be heard :)
So there you have it: E@L the literary detective solves the mystery yet again. (There was a mystery?) The movie Sleeping Beauty is, cunningly and in an attempt to divert suspicion, based on a Japanese story called House of The Sleeping Beauties. Who woulda thunk?
-Y2J taunts Punk but then gets rolled up for a 2 count.
During our trip.
I'm so happy with how it turned out, that I think I will make another one in a slightly different shape!
Liv will be 7 on Boxing Day and is in grade 2. Her reading skills are exceptional, especially considering she was only agreeable to learning her letters last year, far behind everyone else in her class. She has some ADHD testing in her near future, because I don’t know the difference between ADHD and being busy and a bit of a brat. She is also playing soccer and has gotten quite good at it. Having her birthday so late in the year means that she plays with kids who are older and bigger and she has learned quickly that she’s going to need to be quick and a little bit aggressive, much to her mama’s delight. She tried out recreational cheerleading this fall, but we quickly discovered that it is just not the sport for her. Overall, she is spoiled rotten and treats us all to many crazy tantrums. I often tell her that she is lucky she’s so cute, even with no front teeth.
How long does it take to pray one part of the day's office? For some reason it appeals to me because of the word 'little'. I'd be interested in comments from people who already pray it especially those who believe it has helped them in their prayer. Is it like a replacement for the Rosary or do people pray both?
“If you think you are too small to make a difference, try spending a night in a closed room with a mosquito”. Whoever said that must be a weary soul with no sprays and repellants to rescue him or her. I don’t take a chance. So if you are looking for me by the day, I can be found under the table planning a secret ambush to destroy the colony of my bitter enemies (if they have one). And if you are finding me by the night, I am this woman firing mosquito spray non-stop all around the house, even at neighbors’ and yelling – Hooray, another one down.
Attributes: Agility-d10, Smarts-d6 (A), Spirit-d10, Strength-d10, Vigor-d8
Sheba even smiles. It's something that dogs in her family do. Smiling is an ancient throwback to baring your teeth at someone or something to make them back off. We use it now as a social connection. Well, Sheba has made the connection somehow--she smiles at people. She'll curl her lips up in the most frightening manner, as though she were snarling but no sound comes out except for some soft snorting, her tail wags in big circles, her head goes sideways and she just radiates happiness. She's gotten to where I can make her smile for me. I simply make a big, gruesome smile at her, make some gentle snorting noises and she'll smile right back, as happy as she can be. Then she'll try to jump up and put her front paws on my shoulders (not hard for her these days) and kiss me.
In The Dolorous Passion of Our Lord Jesus Christ, Emmerich - via the rather unreliable Brentano, who seemed unable to detach himself from relying on his own poetic licence - reported the events surrounding the Passion, Death and Resurrection of Christ. Apparently, this book was the basis for Mel Gibson's 2004 film, The Passion of the Christ.
Delivering justice to all
Here are just a few samples of some well-known voices you can get for your SatNav:
L: I don’t wanna. It looks like guts.
No changes were necessary to the sleeve or armsye. However, it you are not a fan of a gathered cap, you would have to make some adjustments. Although, you probably would not like the sleeve at all if you prefer a sleek set-in sleeve.
I paid thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars to a University. (University of Central Florida if you were wondering) and they gave me a printed piece of paper. 8 x 11. Standard copy paper. Not even any raised ink. The weight of the paper is barley heavier than what you print normally at home. It’s also a slight ivory color. OOOOooo. Swanky.
Alan Moore a British comic book writer did a comic book series tilted “V for Vendetta”. This series was then made into a major film.The concept of the story was based in a not so futuristic Britain.the countries prime minister was the head of a rather nasty fascist government and the character V was fundamentally a freedom fighter who wore a guy Fawkes mask.
Good news. I got green crop jeans. They matched my home teachers shorts.
Tips to avoid ticks include:
This time of the year the arboreal nests of the weaver ant (Oecophylla smaragdina) are full of eggs, larvae and pupae. This is therefore the time for harvesting them. The hot dry season is traditionally a hard time for the Thai farmer, so this extra addition of protein and glucosamine is most welcome. Unlike many other ants, this indigenous species uses acetic acid rather than the nastier formic acid. In fact, Ketsanee said that crushed weaver ants are used to wake up old people who have fainted.
If he does not fall asleep nursing, it is impossible to lay him down in his crib. Occasionally, we have success rocking and rocking and rocking him, but not always. Sometimes, we let him cry for a few minutes, go in and soothe him, let him cry some more, but this DOES NOT WORK. Occasionally, he will fuss for a few minutes and go to sleep. Usually, not so much.
The Market Tightness Index increased to 74 from 60. Nearly half (49 percent) reported tighter markets – reflecting lower vacancy rates and/or higher rents – compared to only one percent reporting looser markets.
HALFTIME
4. Make the guy you are crushing on feel good.
Harold Camping is obviously completely comfortable with this “explanation.” It has, however, been of little comfort to those whose lives were torn apart by the May 21 debacle. Asked by the press on May 23 what advice he had for those who no longer had their jobs or homes or savings, he insisted that the economic problems in the nation had left many people with the same issues. So those who were victims of his prophetic scheme should use the same solutions. As he put it, “People cope.” They could move in with friends or family, look for new jobs, get public welfare. Did Family Radio have any obligation to help any of them? Of course not. No one including him had ever ordered anyone to make any sacrifices. It was all of their own free will. So they just needed to “rely on God” to help them through the rough times. Not Harold Camping.
By now, we had made our way to the back row closest to the wall and had already spent 10 minutes trying to adjust our bikes….trying to.
3. Simmer for 30-45 minutes.
If I had any grace at all, I'd have calmly turned around and returned to class. However, given that my heart had stopped 12 times on the way over, my hair was glued to my lipstick, and my one heel was coming unstrapped - I leaned against the wall to catch my breath and regroup.
Ever since we had to go through a safety training class where a guy with 8 1/2 fingers told us that any electrical power tool would fuck us up and good, I’ve been scared shitless of them (drill press? Band saw? No, thanks. I like my fingers where they are – attached to my hands), so what I was mostly doing all day was assembly work.
And don't look at me like that cause girls do it too. You do.. be honest.
The magazine takes a look at the Daleks' greatest ever plans, ahead of their return to Doctor Who later this year.
I often find myself drawn to just a few prints in various lines, and the manufacturer whose prints I find myself drawn to time and again (many without a designer's name attached) would have to be Lecien. But I think it's pretty clear that I'm an Anna Maria Horner fan: almost everything I've made has had some AMH in it, somewhere!
So this whole business of the lunar orbit around us is complex and is really better thought of as the Moon’s orbit weaving inside and outside our own in the course of each month as we both travel around the Sun. So I hope the weather cooperates and you get to bask in May’s full Moon and contemplate our deceptively simple relationship to our companion planet. (Yeah – that’s another thing – many regard the Earth and Moon more as a double planet system – the moons of other planets are much smaller in relation to their planet than our Moon is in relation to us.)
Taking valuable time out to talk to us, these unassuming soldiers spoke in quiet yet determined voices about their jobs and the importance of what they were doing, which quite literally is protecting the civilian population of Israel from Koranically inspired genocide.
Voila. Weekend. Done.
I have a range of friends from different parts of my life showing up to celebrate my 30th birthday, and I think my questions are fair for everyone. To make it even easier, its multiple choice and some questions are true/false.
My sweet husband, who by the way HATES country music, is taking me to Nashville as my Christmas gift. Granted he is not going to the concert with me but still he is heading into the heart of country music. He must love me.
"Say, Ian, brutal former KGB Colonel Vladimir Ivanchenko is in Boston. Shouldn't we go make him pay for murdering the love of your life and your unborn child...?"
I had a wonderful surprise in my inbox yesterday - a sneak preview of the cover for Archangel of Mercy! Berkley Art have excelled themselves once again. The cover is romantic, sexy and mystical - absolutely gorgeous and incorporates all the elements I suggested to my editor last year. I can't wait until I can show it off!
Then come back and post a link to the contribution with Mr. Linky (but please, link to the exact post, not your blog, by clicking on the exact post title). As always, there’s no hard-and-fast rule that you have to post on Wednesday.
(The Beatles)
It's getting close to the time of the NCA GIRLFRIENDS IN PARIS crop! If you have not signed up yet to go to this crop, get crackin' and click the link to the right and get registered! You can also find info at both Hobby Lobby stores. You won't want to miss the biggest megacrop in the Springfield area. Your entry fee goes to helping the school fund their new projects and it is tax deductible! There are several new vendors this year, me for one as Conquest Keepsakes, my friend Lori McCroskey and her Clear Dollar Stamps (clear acrylic stamps, affordable and awesome), and the Boutique store stocked full of goodies from your local Hobby Lobby. I never thought I could ever possibly say these words, but here they are, I am sick of shopping! I've set world records in Hobby Lobby. The cashiers have started writing my time in and time out on pieces of paper and David, the North Side store manager told me last week that pay days are on Fridays! Obviously, my accountant hubby has long since expired from sticker shock. He's getting the double-whammy as I am also purchasing product for my booth as well and for fall/holiday classes. I am SO absolutely excited about classes this fall and they will be on display at the crop. You can sign up early, and if you pay the day you sign up, we have a free gift for you! As usual, classes will be held at both Hobby Lobby's, another south side location I am working on right now so we can do evening classes, and an additional north side location we can use for evening classes. So much to tell you, so little time, so come and get the dirt at the crop.
Dead Boy Talking by Linda Strachan and Almost True by Keren David are both strong books with striking covers. The title of the first makes its point economically and the second is the sequel to When I was Joe, which is on the shortlist for the North East Teenage Book Award. Strachan's earlier title for Strident, the equally disturbing Spider, was also shortlisted for a prize - the Red Award, appropriately enough! (Though that one was about "twocking" not knife crime).
Los Angeles, CA – (September 2011): Forget diamonds! This winter China Glaze introduces a nail industry first: utilizing 3-D glitters in its new “Eye Candy” collection. Inspired by Marilyn Monroe and her timeless allure, this innovative new glitter technology provides a knock-your-eyes-out, super sparkly effect to your manicure. Multi-sized and differently shaped glitter particles are cleverly combined to create a sexy, super decadent, 3-D finish in six bright, eye-popping shades. Whether you prefer gleaming gold or glamorous smoky grey, China Glaze’s “Eye Candy” collection adds a dazzling finish to your holiday look with a glimmer that is sure to catch everyone’s eye! Colors in this collection include:
Albert Bartlett Novices’ Hurdle and 2010 RSA Chase, First Lieutenant in the 2011 Neptune Investment Management Novices’ Hurdle and the hugely-exciting Sir Des Champs in this year’s Jewson Novices’ Chase. Other high-class performers include the 2008
Anyone know of any programs similar to Windows Live Writer for Mac? I tired using Marsedit last week, but didn't love it. My new Mac is coming today so I need to start learning some new things.
The Master Gardeners have a hotline you can call and get gardening information and advice. What a great idea! This is especially helpful for new gardeners who are just learning how to grow vegetables and herbs.
April 16, 2011 10-1 Smiley Cards Class
Sheamus is DQ’d when Alberto Del Rio attacks Chris Jericho outside of the ring, and then goes after Sheamus. He slaps the Cross Arm Breaker on Sheamus, until Randy Orton comes in to break up the hold, Chris Jericho comes from nowhere to give Del Rio a Codebreaker, while Orton and Sheamus are staring at each other. Now we have a big of a “can you top this” moment, with Orton giving Del Rio a RKO, and Sheamus responds with a Brogue Kick, and the show ends here.
You gotta love free! This was sitting in the mix of a bunch of card board boxes. I spotted it and ask the man if it was for sale. He said I was just going to throw it away, If you want it just take it!!
Maybe I can get the want to get some regular posting done because I sure don't have it right now. There is pretty much nothing interesting me in the card world right now. The 1971 set has come to a screeching halt. I'm buying zero new product (Gypsy Queen was a total letdown if you ask me) and pretty much won't be until Series 2 hits. No I don't care that Harper is in it but I also don't mind that Topps is doing it either. Harper can sure drive a product to sell and thats what Topps does, sell cards. Sell cards to make money. It's the simplest explanation that people seem to forget.
On the nose – Monumentally zingy hops. This is Citrus-Kong! Bonus wafts of pepper and spices. Utterly unique.
I know many people are focused on the Royal wedding tomorrow and I am happy for the young couple as they start their lives together in a legally recognized union, albeit I am not a monarchist, I can still be happy for the young couple. I would like to focus on the institution of marriage here in the United States and how when we deny marriage equality on the federal level, we also allow discrimination that tears apart bi-national couples.
Become a Character in my next Dulcie book, Great Hexpectations!!!!
I have to extend very large thank you to both Cruden and University of Hertfordshire, for providing me with access to their simulators. Especially to Jeff Peters (Principle Lecturer in Motorsport Engineering and Head of Simulation and Modeling at the University of Hertfordshire), who provided me with his time and expertise, out of hours to test the simulator. He also provided me a with tour of the extensive facilities at the University and the progress on their Formula Student car. They will be competing at the Formula Student event at Silverstone this weekend (good luck).
I was surrounded by demons; telling me I had the time to prove to you I wasn’t going to be the man that left you at your weakest. All the others ran and hid behind the shadow you cast on their cowardliness. I was told that you were the exception, you were the survivor, you were the undeniable and you were going to be here long after me.. Or it was my denying, my doubting, my disbelief that brought me up short of what I was supposed to be.
Please read the guidelines before completing the form and return the finished form to Abigail Lownsbrough no later than 9:00 am on 8 May 2012. You can email, post or deliver your application in person. Sheffield Volunteering will aim to respond to your application within one week to let you know if you have been successful.
until she could
She manages to go months
But before we head off onto this awesome get-a-way. The grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins and a few family members are stopping by for dinner and dessert. He choose G'ma's Spaghetti and Olive Garden (copycat) Alfredo Sauce and some Brownies for dessert.
March 5, 2012
These things all require a substantial mind-shift in order for people to accept them and seek appropriate alternatives – and I’m by no means a saint in these aspects myself. But maybe it will be easier to encourage as it is more tangible and can have an instant reward for the individual, rather than the CC-related mitigation efforts that are often out of reach of individual efforts and rely on whole industries to be modified. If enough individuals make the effort to become more sustainable, we could see flow-on benefits for mitigating CC effects. Or maybe it’s all futile and too late and I’d better take off my rose-coloured glasses before I next ride my bike for commuting purposes.
They get into Chuck’s car and sit in silence. But they both know that Kelly has to go back home, that it is too late for them to ever be together like that again. And so he drives her back up the driveway, and leaves her there.
2:30pm – “Kevin and Dayton’s Catch-all Panel About Absolutely Everything” – This panel is like that drawer in your kitchen with all that crazy shit that doesn’t seem to belong anywhere else. During the hour, we’ll discuss our current and upcoming projects, Kevin will dish on Trek and other licensed property goodness coming out of Hallmark, and we’ll figure out something else to fill the remaining 55 minutes.
It felt a bit cold, though, and for a teen, needed an injection of fun.
V: You are not replaceable to me!
There was a proposal, for discussion with business and labour, for moderate wage settlements linked to clear commitments by business to save jobs, create new jobs and address inequality, he said.
"Unless we alter course, we are heading for a disaster," he said.
Bracelets gleam to charm the few,
Forsake greed and malice – move into alignment with The Great Transition.
You can imagine the rapturous joy of fans everywhere when a sequel, Duke Nukem Forever, was announced in 1997, and scheduled to launch the following year. 1998 came, and no Duke Nukem, only a trailer at E3 and the announcement that the game developers would be switching from Quake to Unreal engine (hence the delay). Then came 2000, 2001, 2007, 2009. Still no sign of the Duke, only announcements about the game switching developers and some insubstantial teaser trailers. In other words, Duke Nukem died and went to development hell, seemingly forever. Read more about it here.
Saturday was such a fun day for all of us! We spent the morning driving around town to check out all the garage sales, had lunch at Sunny Farms (tomato bisque soup, deviled eggs, and coconut water for me), more garage sailing, we drove past a house that my sister Sarah wants to buy (it's super cute!).....and honestly, I remember sitting the the back seat of my mom's olive colored jeep, surrounded by all but one of my sisters (we miss her) and my mama, thinking to myself how lucky I am to be here right now. It was while we were eating lunch in the Sunny Farm's parking lot, everyone was chattering, my baby sister was making us laugh, and it was just easy, and fun to be there.
Employer & Position: Intelligrity Capital Management – Founder and President
“I’ve never been this close before,” Rhada Khar admitted mostly to himself. “She doesn’t shine the way she used to.”
For some reason, this blog, the blog about Karmic Justice, published quite some time ago, has been making news in the blog statistics. It has been meaningful to me during this interval, a beacon of light that I myself read often. It is something that allows me to stay the course of ethics, and morality, in my struggles, and it provides hope for me. Hope that is not always associated with external victory, but a hope that allows me to look at myself in the mirror every morning, with pride, and self respect. It offers the kind of hope that allows me to continue being a role model to those that depend on me for inspiration, especially when their world is dim.
The boot is just two inches tall and good for use with both PC and Mac. Price? That' $25 online.
The three men were silent for a few moments as Manny navigated the narrow waterway.
i mean, i know that's kinda the point of a TV show, being on the TV. But still, I'm on TV.
There is also the fact that if we put her in preschool this upcoming year, she will then have to do two additional years of preschool, because she won't make the cutoff for kindergarten until four school years from now (January birthday). Does she really need 3 years of preschool? That seems excessive to me.
3) Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Write that the evidence of gfcf efficacy is mixed at best (and that's charitable) and you'll have parents screaming it recovered their child, damnit! As a parent who used the gluten free casein free diet for an interminably long four years (and I was on it, too, and never cheated on it), I watched as the evidence came in, as studies were done, and as my oldest would sneak off of the diet, and then, in the last year we were on it, my middle child. As evidence mounted to completely blow out of the water the whole excess opioid theory, as my two oldest indulged in gluten and casein with no intestinal distress and no noticeable difference in severity of issues, well, heck, I gave in and sampled some real food again (I'd stopped eating wheat and dairy with my children because of long term intestinal issues), and lo, I was not ill (not any more than usual) and damn, it was good! And when my biopsy results came back showing I didn't have celiac disease (after two months back eating the good stuff), we stopped the diet entirely and got rid of the rest of the cardboard food. And we never looked back. I don't regret the four years on the diet; it allows me an ability to relate to other parents who are willing to try a lot of stuff to help their kids.
MOVIE/EPISODES: A+
Kenneth Rapoza – Forbes, 02/14/2012
Day 2 went well; I got about 6 miles due to my late start before taking a siesta with Dead Animal, Dan and Lander. My foot kept irritating me so I continued gobbling some vitamin I and massaging it. After a fantastic 4 hour siesta and reading a chunk of A Feast For Crows, I cooked my dinner for lunch and headed out for another 10 miles. Lucky for me, the trail went up almost all that afternoon and my foot doesn’t bother me going up for some reason.
Closing date: Wednesday 22nd February at 21:00 GMT.
09. Hell Razor
“He knows I’m with the Guard. Do you really think he’d try something?”
The Gorge Amphitheatre, located in George, Wash., is undoubtedly one of the most scenic concert venues in the world and offers sweeping views of the Columbia River Gorge. The area itself is a watershed for the Columbia River, thus inspiring the name of the event. The Watershed Music Festival will feature a limited capacity of 25,000 and will offer lawn terrace seating and premiere camping options. The amphitheatre has been the home of many historic concerts from bands such as Pearl Jam, Dave Matthews Band, Phish, Van Halen, Rush, Radiohead, Tim McGraw, Aerosmith, Metallica, Rascal Flatts, John Mayer, The Police, Brad Paisley, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and the annual Sasquatch! Music Festival.
I found this book on a book exchange table years ago at my post office. It contains the old style library check-out pocket on the inside cover along with the stamped check-out card. I’m far more excited to see that than the book.
Here is a report of a white woman, her 62 year old mother and the kiddies who were involved in a fender bender and assaulted by black cops.
You know these medallion's almost look like sprockets! LOL!
And it's a public holiday Monday here in Canberra-ville. An even worthier celebration.
By Dawson C. Walton
In the meantime, PLEASE DON'T TRY TO ACCESS THE FORUMS! Give the techies time to work their magic.
And what's your favorite part from today's Reader Space? The incredible change one quick update can make? The lovely colors in her home? Those pegs on the wall? What simple solution was a life changer for you?
Focuses on the disappearance of honeybees around the world, particularly in the U.S., and what kind of effect systemic pesticides may play in this epidemic.
fffffffffffff (that's an elephant, in case you don't speak toddler)
I collapsed crying. I wept for people, I wept for nature, I wept for that little girl, I wept for myself. No one was around to hear me sobbing. No one to come up and sit next to me and tell me, “It’ll be ok, you’ll see.” No one to smile at me and give me hope. Not a flower to make me smile, not a creature to feel any empathy, not a breeze to soothe me. Nothing.
"Anybody but..." is a stupid way to elect your representatives, especially when it's a bloc that combines ignorance with arrogance. Too late now, though, as you're reaping what you sowed. Unfortunately, the rest of us have to live with it as well.
WORD.
Despite my initial wariness of Chip – I’m still not convinced that it’s healthy to be so obsessed with thongs – I have been slowly developing a soft spot for the man who has overcome so many obvious physical difficulties to succeed in the emotionally demanding world of male stripping. Admittedly, I have a similar attitude towards Gordon Brown and politics, though there’s also a nail gun fetish somewhere in that mix. Chip, however, just brings out the best in me and I’m glad to have him around so long as we’re separated by a few hundred miles.
Viewing these stories through a wider lens, I think Sirleaf’s slippage illustrates the risks we take when we personalize democracy promotion. For as long as I’ve been watching, Western governments have tended to view democratization as a Manichean struggle between camps committed to “democratic” and “autocratic” values. These groups are usually identified in sociological terms, if not by proper name, and their identities are thought to remain fixed over time. Where the democrats gain the upper hand, democracy consolidates. Where the autocrats prevail, transitions stall or fail, and authoritarian rule continues.
I have struggled with writing this post- started writing it a million times in my head but couldn’t commit it to the blog. I think it’s because I haven’t reached my “goal” yet, but I decided instead that it might be worthwhile to talk about the process and celebrate my progress, even if I’m still not completely back to my pre-pregnancy body. And I’m not sure I ever will be since things like wider hips just might be here to stay. Really, I’m okay with that since I’m pretty small-framed, it’s nice to have some curves!
That is, it is infecting itself with the Israeli toxin; it is failing in its duty to keep itself clean of any contact with Israel and Israeli artists, as every member of decent society apparently must now do.
I bought three mango nectarines and I ate all three in one sitting. Well, I ate 2 and a quarter of them. One of them was just awful – bitter and foul-tasting, almost like blue cheese, which is a delightful flavor for cheese but not so good for fruit. I examined the rest of that one for signs of mold or rot, but it looked just like the others. It was just a bad piece of fruit.
THE HIGH
No more ground will I bequeath
It was a sunny but still cool morning (with a wind), so I wore a long sleeved shirt under my flowery NuuMuu dress. I had planned to do a 2-mile warm-up but time was short so I only did 1.5--that got me to a portapotty so I was able to use that at the last minute without standing in line.
- Not a fan of the bridge, but the rest of the song (esp the chorus) is just amazing
While my husband went outside to clean the backyard I went to work making Huevos Rancheros. I haven't made it in a long time (not sure why) so I knew my hubby would be really happy when I called him in to eat.
2. Link to your specific post, that way it is easier for everybody to find and read it.
When at dinner tonight Hannah started talking about this "baby bullet" thing. Took me a few minutes to realize she was talking about this: Baby Bullet Food System. LOL. The NOT funny part was when she said, "Mommy will you get that for our new baby?". Ughhh....tears. I turned my head away so she didn't see my reaction--but it hurt. A lot. I thought about telling her about the miscarriage, but of course using age appropriate explanation. But I couldn't do it. I don't know if it's better to leave that alone or to tell her the baby isn't coming after all. I guess time will tell. For now I chicken out and avoid the topic.
No word on whether the Master Pack also includes the Initiate Pack, though I assume not. Oh, and additional slots and name reservations are $10 each…
“Well, of all the nerve!”
(19) 3 tennis balls
Such results might influence the thinking of an objective observer primarily interested in doing right by the nation’s poor children. But they are unlikely to sway a politician focused on getting re-elected with the help of teachers unions.
He was famous for being fired by Arthur Godfrey but that didn’t slow his career down. Seventeen tracks from a middle of the road singer that gave adults someone to listen to while their kids weer blasting that new stuff called Rock ‘N’ Roll.
Sometimes, their comments stung. Why? Pride I guess. I wanted to be right, but in the end, some of their comments were spot on. So I developed a rule, no making a decision on my critique partner’s comments for twenty-four hours.
First sentence:
I love them all soooo much.
At this point you attorneys have made your true function patently
Here's way too many pictures of us :)
We remember diagramming sentences in 8th grade, so we get concerned when our 13 year old doesn't know the difference between a noun and a verb. We dissected frogs in 6th grade, and become attached to our kids having the same opportunity to learn about science. We studied the dates of the Constitutional Convention and the reasons behind World War I, and we expect our children to know similar dates, facts and figures. We were raised in a world of answers, we were expected to give answers, and we want answers. We want and need to know that our children are learning. But many of us are coming into unschooling with pre-baked ideas of what learning is and should be.
You can hate the truth, and you can talk about it and resist it until you're blue in the face. You can complain and look for sympathy, stomp your feet, feel like a victim, and spend the rest of the your life feeling sad, depressed, angry, and resentful. But none of this is going to change anything.
I so love my mom.
Juanita writes, “I love the girls so much. I want infuse them with hope, inspiration, creativity, and the belief that they can succeed!” This project is the perfect vehicle to allow that transformative expression to happen.
After getting home at almost midnight I fell into a food coma. And woke up one happy camper ready to go to brunch with my parents and Steven.
When it comes to the partition of any property, people always have a lot of ambitions and there are various claims. The Church also has a property, has money. And someone has to decide how the church money are to be properly distributed among these or other ministries. Who can be trusted with this task? Of course, only an honest and a faithful man can be relied on to do the job.
So there you have it: incontrovertible documentary evidence that if I'd been born in 1946, this was the world I would have grown up in. A society in which youth crime meant St Trinians and young men who wanted 'respect' wore tweed.
Characters: (7/10) – Most of the movie is entirely anchored on the lead characters played by Guy Pearce and Maggie Grace. Pearce plays Snow (who prefers to just go by ‘Snow’), an ex-government agent accused of the murder of one of his allies, and sent to redeem himself by rescuing the president’s daughter on a maximum security prison orbiting Earth’s atmosphere, MS:1. Said president’s daughter will become the delightful foil and unwitting sidekick to Snow, Emilie Warnock, a stubborn, passionate, but kind of inept young lady that is thankfully good for much, much more than sexual tension. Oh, don’t get me wrong, there is sexual tension. Thankfully though, cast and crew makes the female lead good for much more than that, and in many scenes, Lockout wisely focuses on other elements of these characters. Sure, Snow spouts a ridiculous array of one-liners that quickly have him border on being a wisecracking caricature, but the reason why these characters never become annoying, is that they take each other’s potentially annoying elements and balance them out, if that makes sense. Snow could have gotten on your nerves and become too much of a bastard to be in any way worth rooting for, as clever and amusing as he often is, but Emilie thankfully brings out that good side of him by giving him a chance to swallow his pride and be the hero without being the caretaker. A good example of this is when he’s initially ready to just send her on her way upon finding her with a map and an empty handgun. When it becomes apparent that she can’t read the map or navigate in any way, Snow is forced to just roll his eyes and accompany her anyway. You see, he is indeed a bastard, but he’s a bastard with a heart of gold, so it’s ok. Likewise, Emilie could have gotten on your nerves being a helpless damsel-in-distress that only served to mess things up for our hero that just wants to get home. The movie pokes at the expectation of this in one particularly fun scene where Snow decides to smear all manner of… everything gross that you can find in a prison in her hair and cut it to disguise her as a man (as if someone as gorgeous and feminine as Maggie Grace could EVER pass for a man, but I digress), and upon running into a large array of convicts, she clings to Snow in apprehension, to which Snow responds, “Dude, you’re a dude”. Well, played filmmakers! It’s a simple line read, but it’s just one of several displays of Lockout’s surprisingly brilliant tongue-in-cheek writing. The movie is very much aware of what it is, and what its characters are supposed to be, and there’s actually a good chunk of surprising moments where the film plays with the audience’s expectations, taking advantage of its cheesiness creating a certain comfort level in the audience, then using that to create small, but effective surprises that add to the subtle humour. The same could be said about our villains as well, which basically come in the form of the convicts’ two leaders, calculated and smart Alex, and his crazed, murderous younger brother, Hydell. These two stick a little more closely to what you might expect, with Alex always seeming to get the advantage at the most inopportune times, and Hydell often screwing up his brother’s calculations with his loose cannon nature. Hydell is the more fun of the two, and of the two villains, he’s more memorable, since he still maintains a surprising amount of menace even when he, like Snow, comes close to feeling like a caricature moreso than an actual person. The final struggle against the villains feels a bit lame, but I can’t spoil it, so I’ll just leave that potential issue for you to discover and gauge appropriately. The rest of Lockout’s characters feel like plot devices or cannon fodder, but in a movie like this, it’s better that it handles a small handful of characters decently than a larger amount of characters poorly.
Monday about 10:30 AM (Central)... at Judy Maier's house... Judy, Marty(dad), Chris (sister), Paul & Sara & Aiden (Chris' son, wife, grandson), Gary & his mom Elsie, his brother,Vincent, his brother-in-law Herschel. We also have Ollie & Queenie cats. They had a slight disagreement last night,but got over it quickly. Everybody is okay. We still have electricity. Paul lost his earlier. Some rain & gusty wind but not anything to talk about.We're just watching the news, so far, so good. Just regular storm type limbs down, rain & flooding. Whew! We'll just "hunker down" for the rest of the day, watch TV & watch the rain & wind. I'll update later if we still have electricity.
(13) Isaiah 44:8
“I’m going to *suction sound* that guy to the wall and back my shit up on it!” I’m all ‘Look Ma! No hands!’ with him.
Dimension: Physical
1. To announce that the SSPX have responded to the doctrinal preamble and that it only remains for the CDF and the Pope to consider it. And the Vatican Press Officer, Fr Lombardi, admits that it is encouraging and that there is a desire to reach a conclusion. (Texts found most easily at Rorate Caeli as well as other posts with analysis.)
Disney Christmas Parade ... ABC ... 12 PM
14. Slip stitch into center of cluster, chain 1, single crochet (in center of cluster) *chain 10, single crochet in center of cluster*, repeat around, join to 1st single crochet.
The automatic download contains a JPG, a semi-transparent PNG, and the bonus sample wordart 'There is nothing quite like the quiet anticipation of new life!' from the word art sheet NV_WA0022 ~ Pregnacy
And I'm choosing to count blessings in the midst of hard times.
additive in history.
"To know for sure, I'd have to throw with a normal hand, and I've never tried it." - when asked if his curve was helped by the absence of an index finger
Yamashita Tomohisa – Tokyo Sinfonietta (Ah Yamapi. I’m actually really surprised one of his songs made it on my list. But I can’t even lie, his album was really good. This song in particular left quite a big impression on me.)
Happy Saturday! It's Sharon W. of Designs by Sharon, here, hosting again this week. I hope everyone is ready to play along with us here @ Our Creative Corner. First, I have a little housekeeping to take care of. Last week, I hosted a recipe challenge for a St. Valentine's Day themed challenge. And well, there were entries that did not follow the recipe. I'm not sure if was because of the popularity of the theme, or the title, or what. We all have taken time and energy to both develop and participate in these challenges, and so we ask the same of you, our treasured followers and players. Second, I would like to say Thank You to our guest designers last week! They did a wonderful job showing their talents and creativity. And third, a heart felt thank you for all of you who participated in last week's challenge. I know the color combination was very creative.
The results could have wide-ranging effects.
Where is your "place"? I am back in mine.
Both psychologically and physically, the camp has done a lot of damage to those who found themselves imprisoned there.
Thailand is predominantly Buddhist but the three southernmost provinces of Pattani, Yala and Narathiwat are Muslim-dominated and were part of an independent Malay Muslim sultanate until annexed by Thailand in 1909.
I don’t get it. I’ve written some stuff on this blog that commenters have said is the funniest thing they’ve read. Apparently I’ve been the cause of food being sprayed across the monitors of some computers.
TCN is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, membership-based organization that partners with nonprofits, businesses and community members to improve health, social and environmental conditions. Serving Western Montgomery, Northern Chester and Eastern Berks counties in Pennsylvania, TCN offers seven key programs: Build Up Youth, C.A.R.E. (Caring in Alternative Residential Environments), Environmental Awareness, Family Literacy, Homeless Services, S.A.F.E. (Supporting Abuse Free Environments), and Workforce Development. For more information on TCN, visit www.tcnetwork.org.
Let's have a little blog contest!
More years ago than I care to admit, there was a show on public television called Cooking at the Academy. On one episode, the chef made a cake that made my jaw drop. It was two different flavors of cake layered with mocha and chocolate buttercream, but the surprise came when they cut a slice. I HAD to make that cake!
Do I have something to say that I’m afraid of saying? I give myself permission to write something and not publish it or share it in any way. Then I can say whatever comes out!
After I took Luke (instead of Freddy) to my formal, my sisters planted ideas in my head. Oh you two are so cute together. You guys are like the perfect match. How are you not dating? This is how my crush on Luke developed. I had introduced Luke and Nelly (a beautiful sorority sister) at the formal. They had the same major, so when Luke asked me for her number “to buy her books,” I didn’t think much of it. Big mistake.
Its there, but different. It often includes a space, the user selecting it. eg ‘Some Items’. When it gets into the service its now ‘Some+Items’.
Dreaming of course of what to make next
Treuer sardonically points out that Kohl’s racism probably prevented him from understanding that Native people know how to listen to the radio. In fact, many were listening to Kohl that day and weren’t too happy about what he had to say about them. Within days, the Native residents of Leech Lake, White Earth, and Red Lake, the three reservations surrounding Bemidji, agreed to boycott the town. They refused to spend any money in Bemidji until Kohl was fired and a public apology was issued by KBUN, the local station.
i tried to make clouds today
Here’s more info. about the phenomenon. I would click even if only to see some pictures of Cephalotes atratus – they look like little Darth Vaders! So far the scientist in this article has drop-tested a total of 60 species of ants looking for similar gliding behaviors, and has found some form of gliding in about 25 of the species!! Who knew? I sure didn’t. They should drop-test some sloths next!! Maybe there’s some cool gliding ones we don’t even know about.
no snow (I dreamed the snow was you,
As outlined, 4,700 Marines would be permanently moved to Guam with an additional 2,700 being moved to Hawaii and other locations in the Pacific on a “rotating” basis. That will still leave approximately 10,000 Marines in Okinawa and eventually another 2,500 in northwest Australia. A significant number of these Marines are expected to be deployed away from their home bases for extended periods of time further reducing the burden on local hosts.
Melbourne seems to have become very en-trend since I was last here. They have guerilla knitting on lamp posts and gourmet Taco vans that scenesters get very excited about and queue at for hours.
As you might have known a few hundred ANC Youth League members marched in Bloemfontein on Wednesday demanding better economic empowerment opportunities from the government. It happened that they marched passed the centre where my elder brother works. Daily, my brother habitually buys Cola from a small café just outside of the vicinity. It happened that at that instant he walked passed the marching ANC youth League members. One of these members provokingly waved a flag into my brother’s face most likely hoping for a reaction. My brother ignored the repulsive gesture and as result the victimization escalated into the form of name calling and shouting “What are you doing here ‘Pinky’, you do not belong here!”, still waving the flag into my brother’s face obscuring his view from where he his walking. My brother ignored the annoyance and kept on walking whilst the aggravating provocation continued. After buying his Coke, more youth league members provoked him still further, this time with the words: “You did not answer me ‘Pinky’, what are you doing here, you do not belong in this country!” Still, my brother ignored the provocation and returned to his workplace, luckily unscathed. Had my brother lost his cool, he surely would have been attacked by the hordes of provoking dim-witted uneducated antagonists. What these mindless rivals forget is that my working brother are being heavily taxed monthly in order for the foolish, jobless, vermin to received a grant every month whilst they do not contributing at all to the economy of this country.
I have never been a believer in luck -- good luck or bad luck. Lately, though, the trials have pounded like hard, steady rain -- a down pour. As some would say, "a string of bad luck". Nothing earth shattering, thankfully. Just the intensity of a continual set of trials. When it rains it pours.
MA: Do you miss the pressures of Fleet St? You were mightily successful. What's the one thing on a daily basis that tells you that life now is better or worse than it once was. (Sunday mornings must feel odd - no more sense of triumph/dread).
I will be discussing song by country, as I said before. This is the first in a series of ten posts where I talk about my favourite fifty songs by Scottish artists. The rules are different. Multiple songs can be chosen from artists. This is because I cannot choose. Honest to God.
I wrote all of this yesterday as I sat at the kitchen table crying. I didn't post it at the time because I don't want to sound like a whiny baby. And I don't want other people to feel discouraged by what we are going through right now. We are in the midst of a storm that will pass. And if Caleb never walks again, he will deal with it, just like he has dealt with everything else. God is faithful and regardless of whether Caleb can walk or not, God can use him for His glory.
So, I will try this again:
I just cannot leave these things alone. I must've picked them up at least 20 times today just to look at them! :) (in case you don't recognise the labels, they are Crazy Zauberballs. Zauber means magic in German, hence the title of this post!).
And your tender lips that once touched mine will escape me
I know in my VERY first post of this blog I set a rule to not talk about the bad things of life, instead concentrate on the good things, but my mind is losing places to let of steam.
If your feet are wide, it is advisable that you go for shoes with the right size and change the insoles into thicker ones. Shape is an extremely crucial factor to consider to be able to buy shoes that fit your feet adequately.
My first order of business should definitely be what it is I want to map. Local artists, civil rights monuments, restaurants, and personal places will definitely be key. But, of those, I do want to focus on the personal places–the places I have stories tied to. The map, as a memory palace, will hold my personal memories and will act as a guide to what makes me myself.
Thus began a thirty-minute scramble to find a boom-box so Chrissy could have her wedding march walking down the aisle music.
The Netherlands prime minister, Mark Rutte, went even further: "Countries which are not prepared to be placed under administratorship can choose to use the possibility to leave the eurozone". (International Herald Tribune, 9 September)
I tell my clients this: it's like owning a cashmere sweater and washing it in the dishwasher.
06. No Vacancy
“To be identified with your mind is to be trapped in time: the compulsion to live almost exclusively through memory and anticipation.” Eckhart Tolle
With the rise of LGBT Masses
The word "daphnomancy" comes from Daphne, who according to Greek legend was a woman Apollo turned into a laurel tree. The practice of daphnomancy originates in Greece, where laurel leaves from the Sacred Grove of Apollo were burned to predict the future. This practice was continued during the Roman Empire. Each emperor would plant a tree when they took the throne. Laurel leaves were also used in ancient Greece to crown winners of the Olympics, and in Rome to signify victory as well. Interestingly enough, this sacred grove of laurel trees supposedly withered when Nero died, and a long decline of emperors and Empire followed.
Take a long, hard look…if you dare. It won’t be easy. The disturbing photo below reveals a hardcore, badass gang of VBBs. The average person isn’t used to seeing beer-guzzling, cigar-chomping, tribal-tattoo-bearing babies wielding knives and guns, gurgling obscenities and giving grownups the finger as they toddle around in their stinky, poopie diapers--or worse yet, no diapers at all.
ME - I'm pretty sure it is.
Make sure that, as far as possible, all outside corners are folded neatly at a 90 degree angle and that the crease lines all lie straight and meet precisely in the center of the square.
Substitute a shape or layer, add an embellishment or keep it simple! Above all, any sketch challenge is designed to inspire your creativity. What can you do with the sketch this week? We can't wait to see!
3. Not foolish talk
3) Blog, FB etc. for additional entries.
provisions for a more comprehensive European Copyright Code.
Still, it was my first one, and I miss it.
Level 7: MP Cost: 35, Duration: 70 seconds, 49% chance to not get knocked back.
If you look at the photograph above the denotations would be the 4 shoes on the right hand side, their shadows on the wall, the wall itself, the floor, the woman in the background and another set of objects. You could do a thorough description of the photograph to get all the details that makes the first layer content of the image.
DAVID is waiting to hear from medicals schools and working full-time at Cabelas. He is gearing up to host a party for…
Expectations and reality?
Him: Do you have my cell phone?
The only news I guess is that Debbie finally got hauled into court for nonpayment of child support after two years of evading and the judge gave her 8 weeks get her act together and make payments or she will have to go to jail in June. Her response that night was to post a facebook status saying "I'm going to jail" like it simply doesn't cross her mind she should contribute to raising her kids.
Lots of low-cal choices, but that doesn’t matter when I am famished two hours later. Plus, it’s just not tasty. I rarely eat at Subway. If you must, do one of the lean 6-inch subs (they're marked as such) with double meat.
Stamps - Purple Onion Designs
Unfortunately, Walgreens and Express Scripts is no longer a contracted program with Walgreens. PLEASE be sure to check your insurance card because if you have "Express Scripts," you will not be able to get your medications at Walgreens any longerr.
The opening song, Aoi Shiori is performed by Galileo Galilei. It’s a fairly straightforward song that’s nor happy, nor sad. It could be called your typical song for a drama series. The ending however, called Secret Base ~Kimi ga Kureta Mono~ (10 years after Ver.), sung by the three voice actors of the three girls of the main cast, is a very sad song. It’s a cover of ZONE’s original song released in 2001 by the same name, minus the ’10 years after Ver’. AnoHana‘s cover is better in my opinion, as the vocal has less swing in it, causing it to sound less forced, more ‘floaty’ and generally more sad, something that fits the lyrics. The original just sounds just too upbeat for me. The extra instruments in the background also make it sound less like pop. I find the vocals better too. Then again, I’m probably biased because I heard AnoHana‘s version first.
“We are trying at a difficult time. The economic crisis has had an impact.”
It was a dreaded word for me. I knew no one outside of my family who had to walk around wearing that label, looking and feeling different, and having it constantly pointed out to you. My parents didn't seem to mind, but they spoke Korean only to each other and never in front of outsiders.
Much as we hate to derail all the tear-jerking cultural outreach that idiot Britons are so inclined to engage in, we must pose a question: what problems exactly do the radical 2% pose us that the moderate 2% are uniquely well-equipped to deal with, but that the remaining 96% of the population are so helpless in the face of? Must we, the 96%, sovereign and only possessors of our island home, cower under the bedsheets whilst the moderate 2% rides out onto the field of battle to defeat the radical 2%? Must we, the shaken but grateful 96%, subsequently prostrate ourselves before our Muslim saviours, weeping tears of gratitude as we stare up into the overpowering radiance of the moderate Muslims who now stand proudly alongside Nelson himself amongst the ranks of the defenders of Albion?
YANP: I know Nico has had a lot of success but Phillip Glass performing your work, that’s got to be a pretty big ego boost. Is he pretty excited?
The “tips” in the article include SUPERVISING the kids (big surprise), but it never says when you are allowed to stop. Maybe never! That’s not an inconvenience, is it? And, of course, you are also expected to canvass the playground for all sorts of DANGER. They forgot to add that parents should always pack a healthy lunch, gallons of sunscreen and an Uzi. – Lenore
1- BridgePort Brewing Old Knucklehead 2003
All Desert Gardening is your desert landscaping company. We provide services for you all desert planting, landscape, and gardening needs. Please feel free to contact us at Phone Number: 623-215-5607Email: lamar@alldesertgardening.com, Website: http://www.alldesertgardening.com.
Stampin' Up! announced this week that they're making a COLOR RENOVATION!! I'm so excited about some of the new colors and some of the old colors that are coming back! There are 5 brand new colors that will be part of the core group of colors and color families and there will be 5 more new In-Colors announced next month!! YAY!!!
7. Terminal Frost (06:18)
This was paid and Roux was released on Monday.
Most of the birdhouse patterns were designed by Jamie Mills-Price. The others just popped into my head (I’m sure you can tell the difference).
1.) Those Nasty Gay People -
Hello dears♥
Mix together dry ingredients (first five ingredients) in a large bowl.
For instance when someone cuts me off while driving my car, I always say “you’re welcome” because I know they are thankful that I was “able to let them in.” I’ve also gotten really good with babies on planes because I now look at them and tell myself, “they will be the best baby ever on this trip,” and since I have the expectation, I end up seeing the baby in a completely different way and the baby doesn’t bother me the entire trip. I’m getting pretty good at playing mind games with myself to turn every possible scenario into one that I will enjoy.
We had a last minute BBQ to attend on Saturday and I needed a quick dessert to bring. I only had about 45 minutes to throw something together so I knew a trifle would be the easiest way to go! I also had a TON of strawberries so I decided on a Strawberry Shortcake Trifle.
I love the painted looking card and I like relic cards, so this one was a win win for me! Thanks Joe.
I'm on a stage, got meself a guitar and I'm singing a song. I look into the crowd.
And so we drove around 330 miles to Whitehorse. Along the way, we decided to stay at the Pioneer RV Park again because it has a dog wash and nice wooded sites up on the ridge. As it turned out, we stayed there for three nights, which gave us quite a bit of time to clean the Trek and take care of some minor maintenance.
I re-set the camera on that log and took my chances once again.
By far the closest friend to damn the Murdochs with lachrymose praise today, of course, was our very own Rebekah Redtop. The virgin Queen finally relented under the fierce pressure of her best friend Uncle Rupert, but her love for the man sings through in this first draft of her resignation speech, blagged from her Ipad by Slog reporter Vince Mulcable last night:
Yeah, definitely! I mean everyone always said if you’re not a vet you’re going to have to be a singer, and if you’re not a singer, you’re going to have to be a vet. I loved both so much. Growing up I had rabbits, cats and I even learned to horse ride at age 5. As I’ve got older I have been on Safaris, which has been amazing, but music wise my parents always made sure we had a lot of percussion instruments at home, and they also had huge vinyl collections. I remember me and my sister getting together doing karaoke nights and performing for family members.
P.S. I've always wanted to be a hero like you. I'm praying for you.
The goal is look like we know what the pros do...so if you have any other tips that might help us common folk...ie mio.
A raised voice echoing around a corner. Such fury and vehemence. Don't you dare. Get back here.
Yes indeed, those bright eyes, my every move, jerks her awake again, because, I believe dogs are creatures of habit, and she knows it's almost time for me to strap on my tennis shoes for our daily walk. And I say, "but it's not time Missy, go back to bed", and she loves to sleep, so that's ok too. They say dogs have no concept of time. Everyone has their own opinion of that, but I wonder if they are creatures of habit? Or better yet, creatures of our routines? If you pick up your car keys, is your dog front and center to "G-O"? Heck yes! They are smart enough to associate keys with ride aka GO! They are smart enough that when I start flipping power off at night, they know it's bed time and they are waiting at the bedroom door. Creatures of habit, indeed.
My cousin Hazel has the gift of hospitality. She instantly makes you feel comfortable in her presence. When you enter her home you know to make yourself right at home. When I get thirsty I know I’m welcome to open the cabinet, take a glass out, and fill it with ice and water. She wants everyone that enters her home to feel welcome and loved. She always has some type of food and desert to serve her visitors, even the unexpected ones. She’s a natural extrovert and never meets a stranger. In all the years we’ve been friends I’ve never heard her say a bad word about anyone.
We first came in contact with Sarah when we were on a holiday last year. We were wandering along window shopping and came across her gallery and shop in Piper Street. Once I had gone in, I really didn’t want to leave until I had gleaned all I could from what I saw there. Of course I was quite thrilled when notification came via email about workshops she was running.
The Email looks authentic and I bet it'll fool a lot of people. One giveaway though is the date. Supposedly I made the purchase on May 2nd, which would make sense if I lived in Korea, where it'd been May 2nd for a while. But here in the States it was only 2am and I was pretty sure I'd not ordered anything between midnight and 2am. They should have at least dated the fake purchase date as May 1st to make it more plausible.
Augie has named each of his firefighters and assigned them roles based on their equipment. The first were Joey, Freddy, and Toby. Then came Extinguicell, Transessor, Transeco, Distinguicell, Transolo, and Chief Seressor.
that allows them to delay funding for plan years 2010 and 2011. In addition
I keep thinking the women in Mad Men will grow a spine and tell one of those jackasses to take a flying leap. But instead they take control in the way they can, with sex. We can all see the tides turning in the show. The 60′s are a time of flowering sexuality and independence. I loved the scene where Megan takes off her robe and starts cleaning the house. Don is such a big, strong control freak but he marries the first woman who is genuinely nice to him. She knows how to play him like a fiddle!
I have to admit something, last week was carzy, we had a wedding and lots of stuff going on so I took the whole week's worth of pictures today. I'm sorry if some of them are less than inspiring. What to do, I'm a busy lady.
At the dinner table, Aunt Sally revealed a veritable Macy's Parade of home-cooked Americana - meaning most of it was beige and fried and looked like it contained more fat than a rolled loin of Elvis.
Jerry Scheff - bass
Just over 2% of children at grammar schools are eligible for free school meals compared with a national average of about 16%.
On the far side of the pond the ground had really gotten low. This whole part of our backyard is on a gentle slope and after months and years of rain the ground starts to wash away. It made planting anything there difficult because it was lower than the pond edge.
Rule 71: A recognised football body, club, official, Team Official, other member of Team Staff, player or other person under the jurisdiction of the Scottish FA shall, at all times, act in the best interests of Association Football and shall not act in any manner which is improper.
Today I am linking up with Shannon over at Baby Shmizz to discuss a subject near and dear to my heart: the grocery budget. Shannon has a weekly blog hop called She Works Hard for the Money that's all about the things we do to save some dough and even put a little in our pockets from time to time. I thought it was the perfect opportunity for me to blog about one of the biggest things I do to save our family money. If you know me in real life, you probably know that I have a very strict grocery budget of $80 per week for our family of 3. I have often been asked "how do you DO that?" So today I'm going to tell you :)
513000 Broadcasting & telecommunications
Web 2.0 has evolved into a brand new tool for businesses to employ to their benefit. Now information flows not only from producer to consumer and back, but also diverts sideways to friends, colleagues and beyond.
It needs to be expressed. In actions as well as words
a photo walk is a great activity to do with kids, too! kids are brilliant at teaching us to “stop and smell the roses.” how often do they stop to crouch down and notice a funny shaped leaf or a worm crawling on the ground or a fascinating piece of (what we would probably consider) garbage? it’s inspiring, really, to see the world through their eyes and realize how much beauty we let go unnoticed as we “grow up” (let’s not ever grow completely up, okay?) if you have an extra old point and shoot or even a disposable camera laying around, consider lending it to your child and invite them on the photo walk with you.
No choice
“No, I didn’t.”
Mr Sheridan also raised this matter, asking if Mr Bird had disclosed all of the witnesses that had been paid or offered payments. Mr Bird responded “yes, we have now”. Mr Bird explained again, having been questioned about his use of the word “now”, that in the original case he had stated that Katrine Trolle had not been offered any money by the newspaper but had found out after his testimony that she had. Mr Bird added that this was a “genuine mistake” and denied Mr Sheridan’s assertion that this amounted to “perjury”.
So yes...There are some days I am blissfully unaware that Russell has Down syndrome...Or that he is behind the "typical" in anyway. There are days where I just see the boy I love and nothing more.
Wetherspoons, the UK pub chain, is often seen by some beer drinkers as a place to avoid due to the 'vertical drinking factory' nature of some of their establishments, their reliance (in some pubs) on the Greene King/Ruddles/Caledonian end of the market and the length of time it often takes to be served by what appears to be bored and disinterested staff.
In the meantime, lots of love to you all from me, A. and little L.
Doctor: “So you’re going to stay home and commute to college?”
“Walking boots?” – Check!
Here's the first house...
Amen, Sister. Amen.
(c) Rinse, repeat three times, then dry hands on leaves, trousers, dishcloth, whatever else you have to hand.
It is possible to have a business where the employers care about their work. It is possible to have employees who are passionate about what they do. There are good employees who want to work looking for work, you just have to make sure they fit your business’ personality.
Adviser: I understand. Not the best comparison, I might add.
Can't wait to see what Krystal, Melinda and Wendy have
Watching the day depart,
Get it through Paypal (button to your right) or email me (address on your right again).
Madams were hired to oversee the day-to-day operations. These women usually emerged from the ranks of older prostitutes with experience in the profession and the knowledge and skills to recruit employees and customers. In fact, a few madams owned their own businesses.
A: I grew up in Winchester MA, a suburb of Boston. My dad took me to a few Red Sox games a year when I was a kid. And of course, I watched tons of games on tv. I always brought my glove, and always wanted to catch a foul ball. In 1990, when I was a sophomore in high school, the Red Sox just needed to win one game in their final series against the White Sox to clinch the division, so my dad bought tickets to all three games, figuring we'd keep going until they clinched. They lost the first game, lost the second game, and finally won it in the final game of the season. That was the game Tom Brunansky made that amazing diving catch near Pesky's pole to end it. I was sitting in right field in section 7, row 11 (I thought that was good luck). That was one fun and exhausting week! I've been to some other big games... the 1999 Red Sox-Yankees ALCS game 3, Clemens vs. Pedro, as well as games 4 and 5 in the ALDS against the Indians that year. Lots of great Fenway memories over the years...
Within two hours, Pop was boarding a ship docked in Liverpool. It struck him that, as Liverpool faces towards America and the invasion was due to take place in France, this was either the most cunning feint in military history, or not the invasion at all. In fact, their first port of call was Agadir in North Africa. Rommel had recently been ejected from the area, but his retreating forces were being harried by the RAF. As an armourer, the job of Aircraftsman First Class A B Ward 709364442 was to check the bombs and guns on each plane before take-off. He excelled at this, and as Sergeant Armourer A B Ward 709364442 was transferred to Mombasa in East Africa. From there he went to Delhi, Burma, Malaya and Singapore. There he learned of the atomic bomb attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
At Animal Kingdom Lodge, we stopped by the gorgeous bathrooms outside of Boma and freshened up. I was really hoping that there would be lotion in there since I can't stand what my hands feel like after they've been wet. No lotion in there so we moved on. We wanted to see the area with all of the rooms so we ventured down a hallway and up and down some elevators. It wasn't exactly entertaining but we were dry and some of the views of the savannah were gorgeous. Barbara even managed to find me some lotion... on one of the Mousekeeping carts. :) She also found herself some shampoo just in case she needed it while we were out. Haha!
She knows the meaning of love, and a man - its price.
One of the questions I get most frequently is, “what do you do with ALL that food?” I think I’ve mentioned before that much of it does get eaten by students. And what can get donated, does. But there is a lot of pushing unwanted food on other students. Every classroom gets at least 1 tray of cookies or cake every day. Sometimes we just can’t eat it. Sometimes, there is a better use.
I'm grateful to God that He showed me time and time again the things
Hi Ladies!
Welcome to Tennessee. Although we need you here, if you’re a woman, or poor, or not white and straight and cis and Christian, or you have a decent handle on science, you might want to pass on through, unless you have a lot of energy and patience for the fight. At least for now.
Oh and check out the bead detail on my cardigan. Its uber cute :)
ecstatic.
Hardly a day passes that I don't think about them and wish I could share an experience or tell them what their grands and greats are doing. This coming Tuesday would have been my dad's 93rd birthday. I am so grateful for their example and love, especially on this day. It is from them that I got my strength and ability to love and forgive. It is from them that I learned the importance of family and the value of giving. It is from them I learned to trust and have faith.
He looked at me (as much as an autistic kid can) and says “Lemur-Dad, what is our password?”
Did you brush your teeth?
My experience shows that if the deadline is loose, there will always be someone (often the same person time after time) who inconveniences everyone with their procrastination/lack of preparation. You do not need this extra stress in your life and it sets a precedent that will be very difficult to keep up with.
The Lord has promised good to me...
3 lbs pork
Incredibly, neither of them were Crazy Quilt or the Masked Marauder. Instead, Marvel's victor was Victor - otherwise known as Von Doom. DC's winner was Darkseid - otherwise known as Darkseid.
I have a feeling that the Gossip Girl characters wouldn’t last 10 minutes living in Mystic Falls. They’d be slaughtered by the hybrids or else commit suicide once they realized they were completely cut off from their designer-label stores.
"Oh, no!" Carma DeJong Anderson said. "That would be criminal."
Heather has a beautiful shop that she fills with wonderful vintage finds and handmade goods. She was kind enough to send me one of her white soap dispensers...and I love it.
Many collectors flock to Harper's stuff and Topps knows this so they cater to it. We all saw it in 2010 when Strasburg was in everything. Should we not buy a product because either of these two are in them and Topps is pushing them both really hard? No. Buy the stuff. If you get something of theirs, sell it! By all means sell it. If someone wants to pay $100 for your Harper 661 SP from series 2, let them! It certainly won't be worth more than that EVEr so do it while you can.
Since 2007, the militants have destroyed or captured dozens of Nato transport vehicles, especially in the Khyber tribal region.
Review: A glorious mix of traditional guacamole with the addition of nutty arugula, zippy lemony roma tomatoes, and BACON all piled ontop. mm hmm. I know. Everyone who's ever had this ADORES it - including me. This is a great crowd pleaser, and a welcome spin on the traditional guacamole!
532 D-VI/2/1962. “Old Books and the Pursuit of Excellence: The Constitution of the Basic Program.” Basic Program Graduation, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Included in Item C-1964(1), above, pp. 803-14.)
The View From the Finish Line
No? Oh.
But when one door closes, another one opens, right?
Inks: Versafine Onyx Black
Generally, it’s fine to just buy every color in Ciao form if it’s available. Both types are refillable and the refills cost the same as the actual Sketch marker. Each ink refill will refill your marker 7-15 times depending on which type of marker it is. There’s no need to worry about running out because the refills are much cheaper.
Polynucleotide and Polypeptide Sequences
Just as the printing press gave character to the Protestant Revolution, the speed and breadth of its movement, the telegraph, the telephone, the radio, and the television (all products of electricity) all gave character to the 20th century and the way we related to one another and the social systems that we’d created in eras past. The networked computer, with its capacity for instantaneous data collection, analysis, and sharing is an extension of the electric revolution with some significant changes still emerging day by day. When the former Speaker deals with the issue of technological change, let’s not forget that in 25 years we’ve seen more than computers, Internet, and social media arrive on the scene. We’ve also seen changes in global financial markets, the capacity to organize non-State terror syndicates, and a whole range of other radical systemic changes that reach far beyond the walls of Washington. We are indeed living in a global village and the drums are beating constantly.
through inland waterways.
So that’s it! Cats! Incest! Russian whores! These are the interests of my viewers, as an utterly committed free marketeer, convinced of the steady, firm, sweaty grip of Adam’s invisible hand, I must now make sure my new content reflects these people’s demands. Anthropomorphic Russian lesbian incest ahoy!
They are more commonly known to the preschool crowd as water beads.
Other ingredients
Remote pilot technology was used in a flyover event to deliver a payload of explosives into the Pentagon at the exact location of the White Knights in their new Naval Command Center who were coordinating activities supporting NESARA’s implementation nationwide. With the announcement of NESARA stopped dead in its tracks, George Bush Sr. decapitated any hopes of returning the government back to the people.
*STANLEY – Radio Spot
The apricot is strong, you can smell it right when you pop the cap off. The first sip is fruity and I have heard some complain it tastes too much of apricot to their liking but I disagree, I think it it takes the bitterness away from it and allows for quick drinking that you would get from some other beers combined with the distinct tastes you get from microbreweries. This is the beers strength and weakness. That heavy apricot taste is great for your first beer. It drinks easy and has no bitter after taste. You will down it quick, feel good and look for another beer.
My sister (Kimmie's cousin) Kaye's school - Sunbury Heights Primary (Kaye is the Principal) is a drop off point also.
I am hoping my bloggers block is finally over. I have had a ton of things going on lately and just haven't felt like blogging. I haven't even been reading blogs. :( I definitely miss it and am going to try to do better starting now!!
I think they are pretty good don’t you think? I should also add here about blogging more. But you will get at least 1 blog a week from me, every Monday after 7pm (UK time) which is my new weigh in time. Infact you’ll get some more when it comes to F1 weekends. Because I’m sure I’ll have more opinions to express and get frustrated about over the remaining races!
FRIDAY APRIL 30 2010 11 AM
http://simplybstamps.net/ go check them out if you haven't already!! She also has Scrapbook and Card kits marked down, with Simply Betty rubber stamps inside the kits! AWESOME SALES!!!
We don’t have to man the barricades to do this: for now, just cc’ing all your e-mails to Theresa May will do. If she wants the legislation to read all of our e-mails, lets save her the trouble and send them to her directly, and see how keen on the idea she is on Tuesday 1st May.
I use Splenda and the 8 teas. measure is based on this use of this product
I have a few places I'd like to go. Would love to go to Australia, or Alaska
By cutting a whole cauliflower into very thick slices you create an opportunity to experience this vegetable in a whole new way.
Snow crunching under
832 **D-III/30/1982. “The Religion Clauses of the First Amendment: Where Have We Gone Wrong?” Religion and the Commonwealth Lecture Series, Political Science Department, Memphis State University, Memphis, Tennessee. (Incorporated in Item C-1987(4), above, pp. 145-63.)
It’s that time of year when the veggies are planted and grown from seed.
Daragon couple came from the names of two people involved, namely Sandara “DARA” Park of 2NE1 and Kwon Ji Yong “G-DRAGON” of Big Bang. According to observant fans, they are trying their best to hide their relationship. Yet, there’s too much evidence out there. When you watch some of the fan made videos showing evidence of their relationship, you might come to the same conclusion.
A million times yes. There are so many cliché things people say about the one their heart loves… but for me they are all true. He is the one who brings joy to my eyes and a smile to my lips. He is a man that I have trusted and respected from day one. He is the one who takes care of me, loves me when I’m unreasonable, but overall, loves Jesus the most. We have seen each other through good times and bad. We’ve been together through laughter and tears. I don’t know how I could ask for anyone better… than my best friend.
The story takes on an even darker shade when one considers that the few other prominent corruption investigations opened by Eulex are all languishing, that, by jailing him, Eulex has removed from the scene a man who had fallen foul of the political elite, and that the head of Eulex has recently requested prior information on all “legal actions of any significant importance” (an instruction which, taken literally, covers investigations, arrests and judgments, and is incompatible with the independence of the judiciary).
A Mother's Heart Knows by Margaret McSweeney is a charming gift hardcover book. It's filled with black and white photos of mothers and children along with a poem about the things that a mother's heart knows. A mother's heart knows when to offer to guide; a mother's heart knows when to step to the side. The pictures are each a little piece of art, and I love the variety of faces. A perfect gift for a first time mom, for Mother's Day, or even to remind yourself how wonderful it is to be a mother.
Breakfast time again: A bowl of melon pieces followed by a plate of: 2 hash browns; 2 sausages, scrambled egg and a piece of cheese, spoonful of beans and a large spoonful of mushrooms, enough to keep us going for most of the day I feel!
It was so overwhelming to be there, reading the words Jesus prayed to God, and realizing his anguish. You couldn’t help but feel the Spirit, and that was something that brought tears to everyone’s eyes.
It’s all led by Joe Valentine, just the Renaissance man to guide FireBird into its own rebirth. A true New Yorker, Joe’s life before food as a classically trained musician allowed him to see the world. When his family purchased FireBird, Joe returned to New York City with a vision to bring new sparkle to the family restaurant, and reawaken the classic space for a new generation of diners—while retaining the authentic beauty that made this a baroness’s dream realized. In his new role at the helm of FireBird, Joe has breathed new life into the celebrated space with vibrant new colors, patterns, upholstery, and of course, the menu.
Before you watch this video, also note that “one” supporter whacked the huge truck with his yellow t-shirt /cloth (harmful ? Threat ?) but immediately another supporter (bald chinese man) reprimanded and warned him and told the people to stay clear of the police vehicle. This shows that the rakyat still maintained their respect for the enforcement.
This is true; it's a valid childhood memory of mine, and it's good. We really did call it cornmeal mush, by the way. We didn't have a fancier name for it. And now I wanted some.
7. I am adventurous, but within my comfort zone.
So this morning, around 10, I decided enough was enough. I was hungry (this hotel has no restaurant), and I wasn't going to continue with the noise. I packed my stuff (still carrying over from the Atlanta trip), checked out and headed out.
Saturday afternoon we ventured out to the Earth Fair but it was a little chilly and the kids (and myself, ha!) weren’t really into the exhibits. I love the Earth and recycling but I’m not into putting solar panels on my house right now! We checked it out and headed home. We then got ready and headed to the Relay for Life that our church takes part in. We spent a couple hours out there with a huge group from our church. It was a fun atmosphere and the kids had a blast playing around. We finally headed home for baths and bedtime.
I used the gorgeous Nitwits collection called "GiddyUp", it was perfect for this. I cut the brown bordering paper in the center a little larger than normal and snipped all around so it looked more like fringe. The little rusty star is from the Christmas decorating section at Hobby Lobby.
The Spanish Earth (US…Joris Ivens)
Oppression – Equality
heart sweating through my body
I've been held and felt so safe
So, here it is...the end of week one.
Attacks: 2 Claws @ 10 each or
To justify the Bill, BN has to satisfactorily explain precisely the threats that the nation has been facing.
The running started right off the train. Our ingenious public transportation system makes using it really difficult. Why not put the CalTrain or something right in the airport? No, this would be too easy. Instead I had to jump from CalTrain to BART, negotiate that stupid ticket machine in less than a minute, then take BART one stop to San Francisco and one stop back from San Francisco, then take the SFO air tram. So I arrived to the UA’s terminal in the condition as if I ran half a marathon. But the best fun started later.
And if I don't have his dinner set... you know he'll make a din"
Pour the milk over the strong espresso slowly followed by the froth.
We know South Asians are predisposed to diabetes so what's the point of allowing so many of them in? Why do we allow them to import their parents? Why do we allow immigration from TB hotspots? None of this makes sense but rationality doesn't run the immigration system.
In a certain forum that i’ve joined, some of the members talked about ‘online relationship”. I know you guys are familiar with this. it’s about having a relationship with a girl or guy you just met in social sites like forums for example. Well, I’m actually a person who doesn’t believe on people actually “falling in love” in the net. I mean, come on! You haven’t met the guy/girl personally yet you have the guts to say you are in love? And to be honest it’s hard to trust people you meet in the net.. gaining friends in the net is a different topic, having a relationship is another things too which I consider as a big No No.
pound, and I exercise as much as I can. My hip is
Good News:
It was also the year that I got my first B.
Event is free; donations are appreciated
I’ve been seeking to do intentional and focused ministry to men for almost 10 years now. I’ve also read everything I can get my hands on from folks that have been doing it longer than I have. There’s a lot of great wisdom out there.
Song shifts to "No Stars" by Figures on a Beach
Molly desperately wants to be beautiful. And that's what she tells Dharma, the mysterious portrait artist who sketches her face at the town fair just minutes after she's humiliated in front of Hudson, the guy of her dreams. When Molly wakes up the following morning, she's the most beautiful girl in Miracle, Ohio. Babies coo in her arms, her house fills with flowers from dozens of drooling boys, and she's chosen to be a model for the hottest store in town. Best of all, Hudson finally falls for her.
If you're in this kind of a marriage, I'd recommend both Love Must Be Tough and Boundaries. Both books show what is your responsibility in a difficult relationship, and what is not. And remember: the best way to get positive change in a marriage is often through realistic consequences, not by becoming a doormat!
The Cowboy had no idea this is where we would be staying nor has he ever stayed at a B&B. He pulled into town yesterday and one of the other guys in town for the clinic, a good friend of his, had booked it for us.
“Gentlemen,” he said politely, and ushered Hermel into his private study. Hermel instructed Hornmel to sit quietly and not go anywhere, which the lad agreed to do.
Menu: VolumeManager/Disk/ExcludeDevices/CTLR-VXVM
I'm kicking myself for throwing away the giant bag of wooden beads I tossed several years ago. When I was 18, I had this elaborate plan to make a bead curtain in my room (and yes, I realize that we're no longer in the 70's, I don't know what I was thinking.) Now I'm just wishing I had more wooden beads to make several hundred more bead necklaces.
My girlfriend Diana was giving me The Look. Self-justified, I rolled right through the red light; on I went, egged ever into my glory by too much coffee, pent-up vitriol from centuries of pogroms and disenfranchisement, and in the midst of my tirade I had said something along the lines of "That Fuckdog Reagan" with the delight and amperage that a Bama cheerleader might have uttered, "We're gonna beat the hell out of you!"
I acknowledge that I’m somewhat at fault for this. I check emails on my phone with the same repetition in which I breathe or blink. And answering emails on the weekend only encourages conversation because I voluntarily make myself accessible. So this weekend it stops. I want that 2-day break; I earned that 2-day break – and so did you. So why do we continue to choose to watch our phones rather than watch a movie with our significant other? Why do we use our weekends to pitch to a potential client when we could be pitching to our son or nephew on a beautiful sunny day?
1. i teach too fast
I’ve watched you sleeping for a while.
Shorts, vintage Levi's
The Senator whispers back, "You bet I do."
Spring began with an unseasonal blizzard. Michigan City, Indiana, received a record snowfall and the South Side of Chicago was blanketed under seven inches. It was wet snow. Along 55th Street it turned to black slush and by the next day the gutters were running in streams. On that day of galoshes and rubbers and wet feet, Mrs. Thwett visited her nephew, William Popper.
I have also updated my Copic Certification page on my blog.....make sure you check out all the classes....don't delay, they are filling VERY fast!
Jeff Andrews - Amazing! For furnishing the home we shopped at vintage stores in Milan, London and Rome…I mean what could be better?
Interestingly the property professionals industry association, the Society of Chartered Surveyors (SCS, currently merging with the Irish Auctioneers and Valuers Institute) has issued a position paper. You might have expected this body which represents parties on both sides of the transaction to have been neutral on abolishing retrospectively upward-only rent reviews but no, it firmly comes down on the landlord side and sets out in some detail the expected collapse in commercial property values that would be expected in the aftermath of any such move. For instance, it believes that “least 20%” will immediately be knocked off commercial property values (capital values here are already down on average 60% from peak so another 20% would bring the total fall from peak to 68%, a level of fall that is already evident by the way in some cases). It also believes that property investors would seek compensation from the government with the taxpayer footing the bill and indeed a retrospective change to leases would harm Ireland’s image abroad as a stable home to foreign direct investment (FDI) which might see a government’s willingness to alter contract terms as an ominous sign (what next, the corporation tax rate of 12.5%).
Conventional wisdom has it that the 2012 presidential election will be all about the dismal economy, unemployment and the soaring deficit. That appears a safe bet because such matters touch the electorate, are much in the news at the moment and have indisputably become worse on Barack Obama's watch.
In the Daily News today, Elizabeth Benjamin writes about embattled Senator Hiram Monserrate. He claims that he’s being targeted “because he is a Latino.” Not because he cut up his girlfriend’s face in a jealous rage, and was convicted of this crime. No, that wouldn’t be the reason. Instead he's compared himself to, according to Benjamin, “murdered civil rights workers” because he’s about to lose his Senate seat. I don’t know anything about that, but by a strange coincidence, an unnamed source emailed me this letter today:
Los Angeles, CA 90046
Meanwhile, as writer in residence, I spent a happy day of the holidays meshing together 25 variations on the opening of the class novel so that everyone has a contribution somewhere and far more of the children’s words are included than mine! Even happier was the time spent reading it back to them. They insisted on a second reading so that that they could stick up their hands when they recognised their bit! We have negotiated plots and settings and characters and are ready to roll.
I have a prayer I offer each time before I start writing:
It doesn’t seem fair, really, that after standing in as a surrogate father to his little sister, Zoe, Ben would finally start living for himself, living the sort of life his peers had always taken for granted; a life that, at the age of eighteen, Ben had set aside in order to assume the responsibility of keeping what was left of his family together, then to have it all come tumbling down around him in a haze of drugs and random sex and pretending to be someone he wasn’t that left his diabetes ravaged body in a state of steep decline. Now it’s the caretaker who’s in need of being taken care of. But no one has ever said that life is fair.
Take I-275 West to OH-128/Cleves-Hamilton Exit #7. Turn Right at the end of the exit on OH-128. Go through Miamitown and drive about 1.5-2 miles to the
Also, I know we have just pushed a different Legend of Zelda Project to 10,000 supporters, but take a look at this one.
When I asked if I should go to the Emergency Room, she assured me that it can wait until tomorrow. That I should only go to the ER if I am dying (what kind of comment is that?) That it is unlikely anything is wrong since I felt ok today. But when I remembered to tell her that I DID experience more cramping than usual yesterday, she told me to call my OB's office first thing and ask for an u/s. She told me that it will put my mind at ease. That they should check to make sure that there is enough amniotic fluid.
Dr. Walter Meyer III, author of an accompanying journal editorial, said many problems arise from the reactions these children face at home and in school.
- slaughters in Java, Borneo and other cities in China
Totally not so.
check again, just in case you do have enough
There are other films that feature the Olympics: for example, the clutch of minor ones about the talented but erratic American runner Steve Prefontaine, the British-made International Velvet and even Asterix At The Olympic Games – but they’re not a particularly distinguished bunch. The only exception, alongside Chariots of Fire, is One Day In September (1999). This chilling documentary traced the shocking and tragic events of the 1972 Munich Olympics, and went on to win the Best Documentary Oscar in 2000.
So last night I made a mostly fat free soup full of veggies and beans and things that are yummy yet do not taste like bland diet shite. For my birthday, I got a bag of "16 Bean Soup Mix", which was basically a pound of a LOT of dried beans (see picture). I didn't know what the fuck else to do with a crazy bean mix like that, so we made soup. It was so good that I thought I'd share the recipe, even though it was mostly a "clean out the fridge" adventure and you can tweak it any way you like, it's a great way to use up odds and ends from your CSA box. It's only got just a tiny bit of added fat, which you can totally leave out if you want. If you don't use wine in cooking, sub more veggie broth.
The attack, the report said, would presumably trigger a war in northern Israel, with missile attacks (presumably from the Iranian-proxy Hezbollah in Lebanon). “There will be no tranquility and peace anywhere in Israel,” Ben-David said.
In the rush and press of busy day, my own spirit hovers far away,
Now, in the spirit of disclosure, I’ve been eating and enjoying Daiya products a long time. By far, they are the best I’ve tried in both taste and texture… but the downfall is that to me, the shreds are not tasty unless melted. I’m sorry, but the texture is not good. It’s almost oily, for lack of a better word.
Then we cut out a template for our design:
I say this not because I am annoyed or upset by the questions. I am not. Its been great talking with you all. I say it because I want you to have the best information you can get and the best thing I can do for you, is to point you in the right direction.
I would love to hear which ones you like best and why!
I have been pretty unsatisfied with the doctor Amelia has been going to for her eyes. She was the doctor that came around to check on her ROP while she was in the NICU and we continued to follow up with her because we were interested in continuing with someone who knew her case history. However, her bedside manner is terrible and she has zero time to entertain questions. I was left feeling frustrated, uninformed and without direction with her.
The social engineering industry unites to claim that the conventional template of family life is no longer valid.
The blog hop starts at miss~nances blog so if you want to join us on the whole journey please go to http://missnance.blogspot.com// and follow the links at the bottom of each post to find the next blog along the way.
Like when you go to the thrift store with one of your "besties" to peruse used books in insanely good condition and at insanely good prices, and you notice your son is trying to crawl into a dressing room that is muy ocupado.
For forty more I fed on favours past,
The beautiful and talented wishcake has a feature called Work It Out Weekends. I will be joining in on this as well. I am all about encouragement and accountability! If you are getting healthy in 2010, you should do the same!
While the unnamed killer was being flown out, Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta was being flown in. Just before Mr. Panetta arrived at Camp Bastion, an Afghan interpreter stole a truck from a British soldier — who was injured, and may have been run over during the incident — and then crashed the perimeter fence of the airbase. The driver then apparently doused himself with gasoline and set himself on fire.
Tanglewood Press publishes books for the youngest readers that combine wonderful stories with memorable illustrations. A New York Times bestseller is The Kissing Hand by Audrey Penn with illustrations by Ruth E. Harper and Nancy M. Leak ($16.95) that won a Distinguished Achievement Award for Excellence in Educational Publishing. School is starting in the forest and Chester Raccoon does not want to go. To help ease Chester’s fears, Mrs. Raccoon shares a family secret to give him the reassurance of her love any time the world feels a little scary. Published originally in 1993, it is a keeper! He reappears in Chester Raccoon and the Acorn Full of Memories ($16.95) by Penn and illustrated by Barbara L. Gibson. When Chester’s best friend, a squirrel, goes missing forever, Mrs. Raccoon suggests that Chester and his friends “make some memories” when they miss him. This book helps a youngster learn how to cope with the loss of a loved one.
15Fear has overcome them, they have no more answers to give; they have come to an end of words.
Even though I don't like running, it is a very good form of exercise. And, while I don't advocate doing exercise you dislike if you're just starting to get back into exercise, I'm the type of person who can deal with something I don't particularly like if I think it's benefiting me. So, at some point in this year (probably the summer), I'm going to condition myself to run a 5K again. I know that a 5K isn't anything amazing, but I haven't been able to run that far without stopping since I was a senior in high school, so it'll be a big deal for me.
Wigransky opens the letter with a biblical quote from Genesis 4:8 : "And it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.", using this quote to present the fact that the world's most widely read book, The Bible, was rife with violence and fratricide. Next is the mention of a 1924 brutal murder case involving well-to-do teenagers who read "good books", asking Dr. Wertham to explain how such could occur in the era "before" comic books.
My son, Fred, was diagnosed with Pervasive Developmental Disorder (PDD) in 2007. Pressley & McCormick describe it as an incapacitating disorder that impacts a child’s “social, emotional, cognitive, educational, and behavioral development-in other words, all aspects of a child’s psychological development” (2007, p.370). This was a bittersweet moment for me. I experienced grief over the child I thought I would have, but joy over finally having a path to understanding. I learned that “two things that often distinguish healthy children from psychologically troubled children are the quantity and quality of their problematic moods and behavior. Healthy children exhibit problem behaviors episodically and generally at a more manageable level. Symptomatic emotions and behavior in troubled children are persistent“ (Pressley & McCormick, 2007, p. 366-367). Receiving the actual diagnosis was the continuation of an experience fraught with frustration, but it was the Principal of his third school who finally had a practical strategy to help me understand Fred and stop others from labeling him.
One of the families in our church has a son that recently deployed to Afghanistan, and families in our church are taking turns sending care packages to him. Our family is sending one this month, and I asked each of our boys to write a letter introducing themselves to him.
Ahehe.
Created and delivered status reports and briefing notes for Senior Management
2) Time is money wasn’t always the case. There was a time, well before the advent of industrialization and what we have come to call ‘time discipline’ when biology and nature ruled our internal clocks. If you were a hunter or early farmer, the shifting of the seasons, the rising and setting of the sun was your only ‘clock’. In fact, time in hours and even minutes has become the single most used measurement for tying labor to value (justly or unjustly). With background colors reminiscent of a naval signal flag (an inverted man overboard, perhaps?), this poster features a brilliant sun eclipsing a clock, telling the world that for at least one day, the tyranny of time discipline will be thrown off. Says Jess Goldstein of Occuprint: “To me, this really sums up the spirit of a general strike; it’s a call to realize that we, collectively, can and should be in control of our time.” The poster’s words echo the famous street call and response….: whose time? our time! Whose street? our street! Of course, only time will tell.
On the face of it, Stephen is everyone's worst kind of disaffected teenager, with a history of crime and antisocial behaviour: twocking, arson, substance abuse. But judgement is impossible, because you are forced to see life from his point of view.You know all about his hopeless background, and the way in which his damaged life has forced him to wall up any capacity to believe in himself or to trust those who try to offer him care.
along a road that’s highly traveled,
Before you accuse me of exploiting the chimp, please be informed that he receives a generous stipend for his pains. He is ungrateful in spite of it, continually whining about the inconvenience of being my receptionist and so forth. His latest complaint is that women have been sending revealing photos of themselves to my number.
The cochineal beetle is a native of Peru. When one visits the Highlands, all the prickly pear cacti are covered with a grayish bloom. That gray, that looks like fungus, is actually colonies of these beetles.
O beautiful for heroes proved
5 CENTIMETERS PER SECOND: This film has become a strong influence on me! It’s the 1st film I’d seen by director MAKOTO SHINKAI and it seems that it shares some themes with his earlier films but I think I would still like this one best after I saw all of them. It’s just so nicely balanced out. Very sensitively told story that comes across mainly through the beautifully depicted sceneries and atmospheres. The film invites you to experience the moment so intensively and at the same time very calmly, making you almost forget about time and space.
There is no divine being guiding us to the best doctors or therapists. Or whispering in my ear how to parent Noah. Or giving me the grace I don't have.
I believe this is a very real issue. I know, because it happened to me and my sister. In our case nothing serious took place, thank God, because we listened to instinctual fear and removed ourselves from danger -- and I know that God's mighty angels were protecting us, as well. But don't you dare take it for granted that it could never happen to you. When you see a BEWARE OF DOG sign, you do exactly what the sign says. At the first hint of danger, you should do exactly what fear tells you to do, even if it seems irrational or unnecessary. Be aware of predators; be prudent; foresee the evil and hide yourself.
Some parents stuck around for a bit, letting their kids show them the cucumbers hanging off the trellis or the bell peppers. One little boy just wanted to show his parents all of the roly polies. And my little friend Nicole wanted to make sure she got one bouquet for her teacher...and one for her daddy. I hope that dad feels extra special today.
Thank You Ladies for playing with us! Congratulations! Grab your badges from our badge page at the top... and display with pride!!
The race starts downtown. By the time we walked/jogged to the start, the crowd had thinned a bit. Enough that I could run (slowly). I really didn’t have a huge “moment” crossing the start, it was more of a determination thought process and focus on where to step to avoid being stepped on or to avoid stepping on someone else.
All in all, this one was a good episode, goofy and stupid as it was. There are barely a handful of such episodes throughout, and unfortunately with this one being so early I hoped that this would mark an improvement in the series as a whole. As you can probably tell, no, no it didn’t. Aside from the unbelievability of Inori given a shit about Shu (expecting anyone to is kinda pushing it, to be fair) to the extent that she’ll basically kill herself (she couldn’t have known that she’d be gravitationally slowed down) by jumping off a very tall building, this episode was actually rather well written – especially in regards to the motives of the GHQ and the Undertakers and Shu’s potential betrayal. I mean, it obviously doesn’t happen, but the possibility still exists.
1) If you’re not into drawing at all, you can always paint simple polka dots, stripes, or plaid, splatter paint, or stencil the design onto your letters. If you’re comfortable with your drawing skills, sketch your design lightly in pencil on your letters.
I used to be heavy into martial arts, and would spar / fight 6 days per week, and even owned my own studio.
Overall, not bad for an old paratrooper.
…We’re always talking about what it is that we want the country to become, about how we can save ourselves as a people. We speak as if the elusive answer is out there in the mists, off in the indeterminate future, waiting to be magically discovered, like a new constellation, and plucked from the surrounding stars.
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory – Roald Dahl*
Watches are useful items which we employ in our daily life. They can be large even to be hanged on the walls i.e. wall clocks or you can also use wrist watches which are usually placed on hands. Some people think that it is too difficult to find beautiful time pieces however, it is not true. You still can get desired watches very easily but how can you do that? Let us know this thing in the subsequent section.
Wolfe (12th); 2000 Kingdom Of Shades (16th); 2001 Inis Cara (Fell 4th), General Wolfe (Brought Down 8th); 2002 Inis Cara (PU Bef 25th); 2003
“A lot of people can relate to that mindless repetition, that people do things they don’t want to do all the time. It’s the starting point for his character, and he develops an awareness for what his options are. It seemed natural to make him sympathetic because everyone’s been there at some point, in a place of misery and wanting to get out.” The fact that R goes through his routines even while he dreads them was absolutely something to which I could relate. It made him feel more real, I guess.
Tyler Perry’s Madea Goes To Jail in theaters Friday, February 20th
Affordable units: 25 studios, 37 1BRs, 11 2BRs.
know it was for sake of creating
result of a heavy
AND STYLE!
I then enquired what she had ordered, to which she replied “It’s only the Asian salad with Tiger Prawns, it can’t be that.”
We’ll take each one separately over the coming months, but let’s take this one as a tiny pulse.
Phineas and Ferb
Jaime Ramon “Jim” Paredes” is a Filipino musician, producer, educator, writer, television personality, workshop facilitator, and activist best known for being one-third of the APO Hiking Society, along with Danny Javier and Boboy Garrovillo.
1/4 cup apricot preserves
This movie can best be described as Deliverance for teen girls. Secrets, friendship, survival, and morality are the main themes in both films, while fighting the fears brought on by the natural environment. Two lifelong friends, upper middle classers Ruth and Debbie, take their new, wilder friend Kate to Ruth's parents' cabin along the continental divide for the weekend. It's been 8 years since anyone's been to the cabin. Eight years ago, two girls in the "neighborhood" of wealthy cabin-owners were murdered by a man who was never caught, leaving the families afraid the murderer was lurking in the forest all that time.
Oil- 2 Tsp
What happens in you when you feel listened to?
A Scout leadership meeting was just announced with 36 hours’ notice that overlaps with both a Regional FIRST Robotics competition and sports practice. I'd thought the regional robotics competition trumped the sport practice that night but now due to inclement weather they postponed the sport team photo and individual athlete photo shoot to that day. So now he's leaving the competition practice day (non-critical) early for the team photo and sport practice then leaving practice early to get to the Scout leadership meeting.
-big yard (again, the area we are moving has tiny lots)
Whaaaaat???? Oh Dear God, I wrote to the wrong guy!!!!!!!!!!!!! (Justified exclamation marks….) The wrong guy with the same name. I missed one stupid letter in the email address..Shit… I just sat there, stunned. I couldn’t move…..OH, shit….. And then I said out loud to myself. “Oh, this is just soooo typical.” My one cat agreed, happily. Momma’s going to the pound soon to bring home another cat.
Step 7: Shop around at different stores and markets for the best selection and prices.
Well, Vince Cable may technically still be Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills, but there’s no doubt what we’ve seen today is the first stage in what promises to be the most grisly, protracted and unedifying resignation in British politics since Clare Short “wrestled with her conscience” over the Iraq invasion.
It is only since the judaisation of the UK became endemic after the slaughter of the UK's finest in two Zionist World Wars, that femininity came under serious attack. European women have always been honoured by their men folk. Motherhood is a noble and rewarding vocation which no form of employment can rival. The labelling of motherhood as a chore which denies a woman her freedom is pure evil. Only by breaking real families can the Talmudic destruction of the Goyim be achieved. Getting girls to behave as unpaid prostitutes acclimatises them to a belief that promiscuity is normal and faithfulness is a perversion. This tragic phenomenon has only become so prevalent through the concerted effort of the Talmudist in government and their kin in the media and entertainment industry. It is not the norm, nor ever has been.
These are some of my favorite cute people/pets, so I would vote for them if I could :)
happiness of believers. Its doctrines
Well.... it has been a while since I have been here
Ever was lifted out of me and I heard her cry, that timeless clarion call, like a startled kitten, she meowed in a scratchy rhythm. And still, alongside now Mr. Curry's love, alongside this new love, was the red river of anxiety, burning it's way through my body, setting fires, freeing monsters.
Brookfield put together a limited liability corporation to build a wind farm in New Hampshire. Despite the fact that this company is loaded and the LLC meant any losses to investors on the wind farm would be, you know, limited, Obama’s DOE gave them a $170 million, federally secured LOAN to build it. IOW, if the farm goes bust, it won’t be anyone who chose to invest in it who will get skunked. It’ll be American taxpayers who were forced to take the risk in order to further the political careers of Obama Democrats.
812330 Linen & uniform supply
The panelists from the Ipasa side were immediately labeled as defense lawyers, in a mock trial, defending a man presumed guilty of ruining the path of development for all Filipinos. We were given a heavier burden of defending PNoy, whom, is already tagged by this particular network’s perception of the Court of Public Opinion as a charlatan and a chauvinist pig.
No, grieving was far more organic than that. It seemed to flow according to the laws of nature, as opposed to following models structured by man. In everyday terms, that meant, among other things, that I could not predict what would take the wind right out of me, nor could I predict when that would happen.
And this is Monica's matching Gypsy Cozy. It will keep your Gypsy snuggly warm and scratch-free for years to come. :)
Juls
To drink savignon blanc than chardonnay.
P.S. 167 The Parkway
Hope you're all well! xxx
The Court noted that restrictions on the freedom of expression are permissible under certain circumstances such as, inter alia, “the protection of the reputation and rights of others.” The Court held that while the Applicants’ goal was permissible, the language that they chose was unnecessarily offensive. Furthermore, the leaflets were imposed on the students against their will, as they were not given a choice as to whether or not to accept them. Given the light nature of the sentences (which carried much higher maximum sentences), the Court ruled that there was no violation of the Applicants’ freedom of expression.
Tools: MS Cosmos Punch & Doily Lace Border Punch, Misc EK Success Frond Punches
So D and I went bar hopping around the city. I decided to take her to Beauty Bar where for $10 you get a cocktail and a basic manicure. We plop down at the bar, and I announce that we want two Old Fashioneds and two manicures. The burly man behind the counter let out an overdramatic grunt, curled himself up into a ball behind the bar and started complaining that he couldn’t remember how to make an Old Fashioned. I felt bad and showed him the recipe on my phone, but he scoffed at me and sulked off to grab some glasses. He was the most pouty tattooed, 300+ pound man I have ever encountered, and when he plopped the drinks in front of us, our jaws were kind of on the ground.
The staff are friendly and knowledgeable on their beer range and also will point out prices to you so you don’t get a surprise when you come to pay. The bottle range is good although small; it doesn’t have anything particularly unusual or rare. Well, not if you are used to hunting out the weird and unusual from the Rake or Cask. I tried Left Hand’s Milk Stout which was a lovely sweet beer whilst my partner tried a Ginger Tom which was good although I couldn’t tell the difference between it and Fentiman’s Ginger Beer which is one of the ingredients to this beer. The milk stout was a new style for me and I enjoyed it, Left Hand beers are really worth trying if you see them.
And then later in May - on Saturday the 26th - we're holding a storytelling event at Stone Lane Gardens here on Dartmoor (where I took these photographs of an early flowering pink rhododendron by the water). These gardens are a specialist birch and alder arboretum which transforms into a sculpture exhibition between May and October every year. There are many rare species of birch and alder to wander amongst, collected from all over the world, and for one weekend there'll be parked amongst the trees two restored Gypsy wagons, at the steps of which Tom will be telling stories. They'll be Gypsy folk tales, from lands as far or near as Russia, England, Turkey, Wales, India, Greece, Romania, Serbia, Scotland... and I will be providing the (East European Gypsy) music (on accordion) alongside my talented musical partner in crime, Lisa Rowe of Hazaar (on fiddle and accordion). There'll be delicious food cooked over the fire and home brewed cider under the sky. If you're in the South West, do grab a ticket, it's going to be a lovely evening. If you're not, cross your fingers for us that the rain stays away.
I hated my job at Transportation. I had the most difficult time bending to their will. It just went against my grain and tore me down. What I didn't know was that I was supposed to "travel on"... and away from that place. Instead, I stubbornly tried to fit myself into that scenario. Well, I did learn my lesson, in that one, too. And that lesson was this... my communication era was coming to an end. Now, I needed to take more control of my destiny, and know when it was time to move on... and do so! My spirit wanted to be gone from that place, but my human nature became bogged down in the dense egoic game. "I won't give up! I will become stronger! I will learn to bare the brunt of their mean and cruel game!" In the meantime, my back was nearly broken, my breath was nearly gone. Spiritually and nearly literally.
Next, I painted over a different drawer front with the grey color from her walls...
Really loved this beginning. If I had picked this book up in the store I would've already been on my way to the checkout counter. Happily. The only thing I'd watch is if when you're writing close third, be careful how much personal info (threadbare coat) you use since your character wouldn't be thinking of those things (the hair yes, because it's in her way). She might try to hide the frayed edges of her coat so no one else would notice but I don't think she'd be noticing or thinking of the threadbare coat after having stolen a key or while she's inspecting it. Does that make sense?
I wanted to send you a quick note to let you know how much I appreciate your blog. It's like reading about me! My husband thinks I am nuts but after reading your blog I am reassured I am not alone in by organizing obsessions. So I relate to your blog and love reading it and I thought you'd like to know that.
It was a night full on friends (old and new) and fun.
What a mistake!
even if you must grieve
On Monday we had sun again although I didn't really have time to work out in it, I wanted to take some pictures since so much is starting to bloom now. These were tulips I bought in a box from the grocery store last fall. They are so pretty!
“I just rang the police. I’m here on my own!”
“For visitors from the 41.203.221.138 address, we changed the code to serve slightly different content 10% of the time. Instead of the real business phone number, we served a number that fed through to our call centre team, where the incoming calls would also be recorded. Our team were briefed to act like the business owners for the calls.”
You may combine challenges!
It’s all political folks. Dedicated leftists whose goal is to turn the city into an environmental and politically correct paradise dominate city council.
The victim, in her 30s, was also beaten up and her Toyota Vios driven off while she was left locked in the condominium unit in Mont Kiara alone for hours.
Art Is A Hammer highlights Rodriguez’ radical posters and abstract works dealing with political and women’s themes and brings the artists new creative direction to the fore front through larger than life woodblock prints and mono prints created over several months in residence in Montreal, Canada and at the Anderson Ranch in Snowmass Village, Colorado. Rodriguez describes these newer works as “an experiment in emotional authenticity “ and an “exploration of a playful approach” to art making. In these monumental woodblock prints, some measuring over 6 ft high, thick cut black lines flow over layers of color, patterns and shapes in a loose figurative style. Less confined, these works reflect the artists movement towards a more fluid and freestyle approach. From the artist, “in my work, I explore the full spectrum of artist engagement, from working in collaboration with social movements around the country, to working on personal pieces that reflect my own experiences.” Rodriguez.
I Created The Tag With A Cute Chick Background Image & Embellished With A Little Pearl Basket Pin, White Netting, A Green Paper Rose & Ceramic Chickie.
Draft 2: Showing
I concluded the Con with the walk around the vendor hall and managed to spend more money than I had intended to but walk away with a fresh load of reading material. I’m not one for comic books usually (even when they go by the adult title of “Graphic Novels”) but there were several new (to me) artists there that caught my eye and I thought was worth a shot. Also several that were selling actual book books with words instead of pictures. So, I’ll be busy reading for a while.
A mother has been charged with incest after she was found in hotel room with her teenage son along with videos of them having sex.
If Found: Proceed with caution, she can be very dangerous when cornered. Ask her where those quarterly reports are for the Alaska Fund Trust. Contact the BAC and tell them they don't have to put up with her nonsense anymore, her term is expired.
Where there is pain, let us bring grace
amazing, it's it? I'm so lucky!
Colorado Rockies - roddster
m: nooo Mommy they all looking at meeee (with the saddest face)
The incident raises a couple of questions:
I'm trying to combat racism, and by combating it, yes, I bring attention to the fact that society STILL SEES RACE.
The full-term of the Sarawak assembly expires in July, which means that Chief Minister Abdul Taib Mahmud will have to call for an election before then.
Now, come on. You can't make this shit up.
3. The Innocent, the Wild, and the E-Street Shuffle - Bruce Springsteen
The latest Ofcom report on community radio shows that the stations are reaching more adults across the UK than ever before. It is estimated that 10.5 million adults are now able to receive the community radio station aimed at them. This is a 1.3 million increase on last year.
I've told you all before what a great street I live on in Toronto and what makes it
However, there is a little bad to go with this.... I don't think that he's concentrating too much on safety, so not this coming Saturday, but the following Saturday, Scooter will be coming to the range with Kx and I and we will start her out with some basic safety stuff and of course let her shoot hubby's Ithica .22.
"Hay naku Gino, nakakainis. I can't contact Grindr boy's phone!! We were supposed to go out," I told Gino. Grindr boy and I had agreet to meet last weekend, and I was looking forward to another hot makeout session. But I haven't heard from him and his phone was turned off.
Can you see where this is going???
14. 357 Stanwich Rd… Asked $2,850,000. Sold 1,550,000. Started 8/2008
10: Troy 6:43
To the songbird that sings
Whatever happens in the next few days and weeks, Mali’s transition will be difficult. Yet there is hope in Bamako that, following President Touré’s ouster, Malians will no longer allow their politicians to take advantage of them. “After what Malians have just gone through,” one Malian commented on the CNRDRE’s announcement of the transition, “Dioncounda won’t be able to cheat or steal anything unless we let him do it.”
Tomato Salsa
I'm not going to give you a recipe for Plum Crumble, as desserts are not really my forte. In fact if you have a good one, why not send it to me in comments. Ginger Ice cream, is made by infusing warm milk with a thumb size of grated ginger for an hour, you then strain the milk, discarding the ginger and, as Elizabeth David used to say, then make the ice cream in the usual fashion!
1 candle
For that, the Messenger (pbuh) and those who believed in him were tried with pleasant trials (martyrdom or mighty reward) to make victorious this religion (Islam) and to invite others for it (Islam). So Allah assisted them with victory, sent down upon them tranquillity and helped them with angels and united their hearts and cast terror into the hearts of their enemies.
Once you understand how social media can support your business’s overall strategy, it’s time to create your external social media strategy.
And so his wife eventually persuades him to get to bed.
then you have an idea of how this looks. My ATCs are in a long narrow box so that I can look through them, much like you would recipes in a recipe box. Therefore, when you are decorating your ATC, please remember overhanging embellishments and chunky embellishments may keep them from fitting in their sleeves.
Many thanks to CanarySanctuary for recognition of an unknown designer.
I try to take in every moment as much as I possibly can, which explains why in the last 7 months, I’ve accumulated approximately 7000 photos, if not more. Many times there are about 12 photos of the same moment, just with a briefly different facial expression, and I’m not going to delete any of them!
Nobody clapp’d hands here then.
The Monster, as we know from the original story, grew a bit of a conscience after he had taken his revenge on his creator. In Koontz’s version he took on a name, Deucalion (the son of Prometheus in Greek mythology), and followed a peaceful path, sometimes spending years in monasteries of various faiths, at other times finding employment as a circus freak.
More than just a few times I responded to this "what's the magic word" question with a typical Jeff-esque wise ass answer like "Um, abracadabra? Open sesame? Mirror mirror?" Of course, none of those were the right answer, and I knew it. No, there were only three magic words, split into two distinct phrases that every good boy knew and could learn to repeat on command: "please" and "thank you."
Technically, May isn’t Summer. But school’s over, which means summer break has begun! Last year I spent summer in Pittsburgh (instead of going back to Hawaii) for the first time, and it was pretty difficult. Over the last few months, I’ve been wrestling with the meaning of “home,” and I realized that holding Hawaii in my heart as my only home creates a consistent ache for a place thousands of miles away. So I’m trying to conceive of home as an idea more than a place. Though there are world travelers that have mastered this zen-ish state of mind, I need to take my first step right here in Pittsburgh.
Last week I made my appointment with my local doctor to have my check up. He was quite amazed with his initial findings from an aging smokers body but of course was obliged to give me the mandatory anti smoking lecture----I didn't have the heart to tell him that I smoked twice as much as I was prepared to declare to him. He then passed me over to a pathology nurse to take sufficiet blood to do a myriad of tests.
I hope each of you had a day filled with love and joy. Merry Christmas y'alls.
It just came to me that focusing on these issues daily in fervent prayer will be the catalyst to turn all of this around. I’ll do it, and I’m pretty excited about unexpectedly receiving this answer from the Lord. And earlier today I had the idea that when I do start exercising, I could pray for friends I know who also need to get in shape for the sake of their health. This makes so much sense. It takes prayer to crucify the flesh and be free of its relentless demands. Duh! It’s a spiritual battle!
You'll be watching from heaven above.
Custom TLSO – Orthopedic Braces – Finding A Provider Near You – What Is a TLSO?
will love me-completely!
The Lady Eve
As I'm getting more and more intoxicated (by the fucking second) I begin to realized that the girls are interested but there are three of them and only two of us. Que Mother Hen. Needless to say one boxer girl cock blocking us eventually pissed us off and we ditched them and went and got falafel. I love Falafel. I did get the hamburgler's number. Sorta anyway. I was drunk, my phone was dead and my pen to paper writing is rather terrible so the numbers I have written down could exist in some obscure system of mathmatics but if I really wanted to I could figure it out and call her. But from my fuzzy memory of how the night ended I don't think it would go over well. I think I swore a whole bunch and eventually told off the mother hen. Meh it was a fun evening anyway.
“Hold your unicorns, you feminist nerd xD LOL” someone will say, “Robert A. Heinlein was a man of his time, you can’t judge the book in the same terms as science fiction being written now”. I’d like to clarify that I am considering it in its context. He was writing in the 60s. The second wave of feminism was lapping the manly shores of Western thought. “He worked on that book for ages, much earlier than the sixties, you know?” someone who knows a lot about Heinlein might add. Simone de Beauvoir was translated into English in 1953 (That’s Wikipedia again). Heinlein liked showing off his knowledge of philosophy. I bet he knew about that other existentialist, Sartre.
Ah, The Hunger Games... it has taken both cinematic and literary worlds by storm. I wish I could say I've been a fan since their inception a few years ago, but the truth is that I was confused and thought the first book was part of the Ender's Game series (which I did not like), so I didn't read it until I saw the preview for the movie and realized it was a whole different concept: something I would actually enjoy. I hurried up and read the first book the night before the midnight opening of The Hunger Games, and I'm glad I did. I have almost always read the book before seeing the movie. I don't like to be confused if the movie is poorly adapted, nor do I enjoy blindly accepting whatever it has to offer without having perspective on the source material.
