when we bought our home a few years ago, we got it with the intention of adding a guest house above the garage in the back someday. the existing garage was tiny and unstable, so this had to be torn down. because the well has run dry for us after building our house, my parents' have decided to build the garage and loft so that they had a place of their own when they came to visit, and we'll have more space for our guests when my parents aren't there. this process has taken some time, so far mostly dealing with city building permit stuff and architects and structural engineers. but after many changes, a plan was settled on and approved.
Guess what else I did today - planted more beets and some squash in my garden! I reckon it doesn't make your day but I'm all excited about it when my garden starts sprouting up in the Spring. I have lots of spinach and lettuce coming up as well as snow peas, corn, tomatoes and beets. Oh, and I planted these funny gourds they call snake gourds. They are supposed to curl around and look a lot like a big ol' snake. I hope they turn out looking like the picture on the front of the package. Today I planted 8 hills of yellow squash, 8 hills of zucchini and 6 hills of butternut squash and another row of beets. Did I mention that I LOVE beets???
I thought to myself, approaching the giant luminous blue-tit biodome of the Victoria Square Shopping Centre, that really things were no busier – just as many feet on the ground – as any other Saturday afternoon – but there was a difference – a difference evidenced in the deep, swirling glazed eyes of all – and I started to realise that every conversation I were in earshot of were to do with the fucking #MTVEMAs. Old and young alike carried themselves like they were the protagonist in some NI Tourist Board ad on 'The New Emerging Belfast'.
I just wish that Eric Holder had a tiny fraction of the respect for the rights of the citizens of Arizona that he has demonstrated for the radical jihadist Muslim terrorists who would gleefully murder every single one of us if they could. Just a tiny fraction would do.
Of those who believe that Africa’s growth prospects in the near term are significantly positive, half have a dedicated Africa strategy in place, and 92% have an active business presence on the continent
It is one of those dark days again, the kind that are perfect for staying in and bumbling around the house. Good days for procrastinating, and not brushing my hair. But today I am not staying home. I am going to do something really fun: help Susan take the baby twins to the dr. for a check-up. The same dr. I have brought all my own babies to. Joseph is going to watch the twins' big brother William, who is one year older than Miss Camille. And Miss Camille.
In fact we loved it so much we might just be having another meeting of the same minds next year, we shall see. Val and Melanie have said they will and Melanie even wrote a contractually binding comment in my copy of her book, so I’ll be holding them to that!
“Distorted view of what diversity in America means,” wow! Talk about an arrogant, rich, white, heterosexual (?) man speaking from great privilege; how on earth did this man get to be a Supreme Court Justice? Aside from not understanding the definition of diversity, he clearly has no idea of what the definition of Judge is. Memo to Justice Ginsberg, can you please let Scalia read your copy of the job description for a Supreme Court Justice? Click here to see the full article. I continue to be amazed at how obsessed Scalia is with gays.
It would do us well to look twice at those who mock and ridicule anyone who questions the legitimacy of Barack Hussein Obama as President. The reader might find this difficult to believe after the onslaught of media assertions to the contrary, but the simple fact is that we really do not know who we have put in the White House, including his legal name. Obama was never properly vetted, and despite claims to the contrary, never submitted an actual hardcopy of his long form birth certificate to any legitimate body for review and examination. Just saying he did does not make it so.
5. Yet Ne'er Broken
But don't take my word for it. Go to the museum's Web site and take a look around. Everything you need to know about the musee can be found right here.
A Muppet Family Christmas (are The Muppets cartoons?)
I know its simple, but for first time I'm happy lol
(Let’s not break up)
To celebrate the evening Gabe & I made tacos, spoke spanish & are now watching The Real Housewives New York! (while Gabe is drinking a cinnamon dulce- that's a little spanish right?)
Nada Surf--Meow Meow Lullabye
Pouncing her cunt
Will you love me in December as do in May,
The coloring on the stamps is done with ZIG Memory system pens *wink of stella*, these glitter-pens are wonderful and have a lot of metal in them and makes the coloring very very shiny.
Offering value without compromise, the Nokia Astound for T-Mobile offers a sleek stainless-steel design with a brilliant 3.5-inch capacitive touch AMOLED display, free turn-by-turn navigation from Nokia, and an 8-megapixel camera with dual-LED flash and 720p HD video capture.
Yesterday I went for brunch with some girlfriends and I was complaining about my nose. One friend COULD NOT STOP STARING AT IT. Honestly, we moved onto other topics of conversation, and she was still glued to the centre of my face. I said to her, “are you seriously still staring at my nose?” and she started laughing, and said, “I can’t help it! I’m so distracted!”
I must stress I'm not finding fault with the beers. It's just that I don't really care for the style.
So he joins the club, and when he gets to the clubroom, expecting it to be empty, he is surprised to see a girl there. She introduces herself as Chitanda Eru, who also joined the club. To Houtarou, this means he no longer has to join, since the club is in no longer in danger of being abolished. Unfortunately, things get in the way before he can leave, like Eru not having the keys to lock up, and Satoshi showing up. Eru, it seems, is amazingly determined when she’s curious, and thinks that the room being locked when Houtarou entered though it was unlocked when she entered is quite a mystery, and she somehow manages to get the low-energy Houtarou to help figure out who locked the room after she entered it.
♪ On the left there is Estonian writer and playwright Oskar Luts (1887-1953), a 0.45€ stamp issued in 2012, Luts' 125th birth anniversary. At just 25 years old Oskar Luts, who had earlier penned only a few lines of poetry, authored Spring, a book that made him famous all over the country overnight.
In this day and age, I haven’t seen a lot of truly passionate individuals. Gifted yes, driven yes, but passionate? Well today was one of those days. I met a man, a father of two, who was so truly passionate about my wedding, more so than even some of my friends! Who was this man? All will be revealed in another post. (For specific reasons, I cannot tell all that I would like to just yet)
7. Saint Naive
Alvy reaches over, pulls Robin down onto the bed. He kisses her and moves
I will post all the products used at the end of the photos.
While we were at ITC mall (the mall opposite our apartment) desperately looking for a costume for Gwen to wear this Friday for her school's costume party, I couldn't take my eyes off those lovely Korean traditional dresses sold at one of the stores.
This got me thinking about complaints I’d read about Apple and their constrictions they place on both what they sell on their app store, the access they give to developer s to their hardware and any other stringent restrictions they place on creators of applications.
“Good point, so… if you say it isn’t a threat then it isn’t. I’m sorry.” Derrek said glancing up at the sun.
The rest of the decor followed suit–simple, fresh, welcoming. Flowers were arranged in low vases.
But in all seriousness I have found such interesting ancestors and friends and relations of them, which I could research and write about forever (which I hope I will be able to do). I am a firm believer in the necessity of knowing history as I pointed out in a previous posting. If you want to understand the world, common facts and generalizations and even modern day politics, you should at least know something about what happened before. To know all and to claim you know all is absurd. of course, but education and self-improvement should be considered one of the primary tasks in life; for only then, you are most likely to leave something truly valuable to the world. (And then you realize: I sound like my grandmother…)
The peaches came from an orchard right down the road from Granny’s house. Those trips to the peach stand were a highlight compared only to Christmas eve or birthday parties. I’ll never forget the scent of those fresh peaches, and the fuzzy burn as I impatiently bit into one on the ride home, before it had even been washed. Not to mention the sticky juice that ran down my fingers.
Includes like swimming, tennis, basketball and much more usually our body to develop serotonin making it us feel relieved from pain and really powerful.
The time for lunch had long past, so I held out for an early dinner. We had our hearts set on revisiting the Green Goddess, at the western end of the French Quarter (we were at the far eastern end). Before leaving, I took a shower and a little sunscreen dripped into my eye, so as we walked, my eye continued to water, sometimes profusely, and I became increasing preoccupied with this disconcerting development.
“My son immediately noticed that the animal was quite old. He felt sorry for it because it no longer had any front teeth,” Kilian’s father Bernhard Schoettel told the paper.
ide, kissing her fuzzy peach head, wiping her little nose and stroking her sweet, soft little baby tummy at night before she falls asleep. I'm the one during the day who holds her hand, and the one at night who smiles inside as she finds the laughter in her father's charm. I'm the one who held her in my womb, nurtured, cared and fed her as her only source of strength and stability. I held her to my chest when she first came to the world and soothed her with all the mommy sounds a little girl should hear. Shouldn't I have some pictures with her for that? I am after all, her mama.
I like a laugh. Seriously. And flash fiction can be funny. But it should never be a joke. The final sentence can be the pay-off, but if it’s the punchline then you’ve missed the point. If a story only exists to amuse, then it lacks credibility. The suspension of disbelief so vital for a story to work is undermined by that final line. And if you take away the believability, you don’t have a story, however funny you think it is (and to be honest I’m yet to read a joke-flash that raises much more than an irritated grimace-smile). Basically, if your story relies on a big reveal at the end that one of the characters is in fancy dress, or if you start off on a tale about Ancient Egyptians and your final line features the expression, “pyramid scheme”, then it’s the slow handclap for you, matey.
A lot! This is the first year we’ve offered two sessions to choose from. We’re also – by popular demand - adding an extra workshop for Session 1, so there will be a total of four workshops across the five days as opposed to three.
Delicious with homemade BBQ sauce, I’ll have to post my Goji BBQ sauce soon to pair with these!
We have another gorgeous sentiment from Paulette of TLC. Remember if you use this sentiment for the challenge be sure to enter your name with Mr. Linky twice for the drawing! Just right click the image to save it.
It really is the only way…
Season (I didn't)
Barry Ryan Eloise UK
I simply ran
“NOOOOOO!”
Did George Zimmer shoot and kill Treyvon Martin?
Would I agree to do something similar if it took place back in the states?
Greetings! Smith and the Mr. have been keeping me busy lately. With Smith walking/running and MR.P out of town for the past few weeks I have been one tired mom and wife! Anyway, I thought I'd make an official announcement that I've opened up an Etsy Shop. Here's the story. A few weeks ago I was helping my mom clean out my grandparent's house. My grandmother was an amazing interior designer and we found ALL of this amazing vintage fabric she had leftover. So what did I do with it? I decided to make pillow covers...therefore the Etsy Shop was born. Here are a few of the pillow covers I've got.
improvement to this property will greatly enhance this downtown area.
And not all is quite so regressive so far in Game of Thrones. Firstly, the show really plays with genre conventions, in that characters often are much more than simply good or bad, and even bad ones are often given a motivating backstory that’s more than mere filler. Anything that weans us away from completely good/bad characters helps move us further away from demonizing ‘others’, and so, I think is generally a good thing. Because ultimately, the real ‘bad guys’ in the world tend to look and think like we do, and having a sense of this is I think a start to being an ethical actor in today’s world. That is, just being ‘one of us’ (ie: a ‘good guy’, ‘American’, ‘Stark’, etc.), doesn’t mean one can’t do bad things, and so we all need to be vigilant. Granted, this point is pushed mildly, but anything is at least a start.
As a present, they drive him out into a clearing in the Louisiana forest to an old deserted mansion so they can get drunk and fuck around. But things get interesting when Jackson pulls out a revolver. Some of the guys freak out. Others laugh. It’s just a gun, they say. But that gun becomes their central source of entertainment. They set up a makeshift shooting range with beer bottles and the fun begins.
The fish has a light buttery flavor which is further complimented by the garlic, onions, olive oil and lemon juice he uses as a marinade. The grilled asparagus and green onions have similar seasonings, creating quite a delicious meal.
And here's the finished kitchen again -
- Patent the method of speed dating (Sotomayor)
After the majority of the guests left, about six of us repaired to the great room to discuss and solve all of the world's problems. The last guest left at about 2 a.m., which (I assume) is the mark of a successful event. Once again, I ended up with more varieties of beer in the house than I started with, so I'll be looking for some "reductional help" yet again, soon.
I'm no Twitter expert and have never claimed to be. That being said, I always have plenty of ideas about what works and doesn't work in social networking, primarily because I use it.
The Magnitude of Atrocities
However, you probably do not need research to tell you that giving makes you feel good! Just think back to the last time you helped a colleague who was stuck with a problem, worked on a team, part of a volunteer committee, community association or took your assistant out to lunch. Giving boosts our energy in a way that nothing else can. We feel connected and engaged when we help others, because it reminds us of what it means to be human, at its best.
But I can sustain this kind of tired because there is a vacation in sight - in fewer than 30 days no less. I will be relaxing aboard a Carnival cruise ship. I just have a simple warning to other passengers:
the Kwara State capital.
Dotty Veltman! She is 12 weeks old and a Springer Spaniel cross Rough Haired German Pointer. Blue is now settling into life as a double act. Infact, they both are and they are both pretty good at it. Already they love one another very much and could play constantly for a good day or two and not get tired I'm sure.
Wear sunglasses
http://ping.fm/DKuVB following HTML text is provided to enhance online readability. Many aspects of typography translate only awkwardly to HTML. Please use the page image as the authoritative form to ensure accuracy.
Voices divinely unseen no goddamned Doc
But it was when she asked me to feel the physical pain associated with sex that this burning inferno swept through me along with panic and the screams of "don't!" .. followed by me stepping away from my own body, hovering over a sexual scene which quickly dissipated into darkness and silence and numbness. It must have taken a lot longer than it felt because M kept repeating "Z you're Ok, you're here and you're Ok". And then I looked up at her and thought "I can't feel anything, what pain?" but instead of telling her that I just shrugged and said she'd have to ask me that another time. And the odd thing is, that although there have been a lot of times when I have felt physical pain during sex, I can not for my life pin point exactly what I feel or where? Except that burning fire..She tried to bring back that moment but I just shook my head and told her there was no way I was going there and she wanted to know where I had gone but at the time my mind was so blank I just shrugged. And I am sure she is frustrated, I switch off almost automatically and she's trying to convince me there is no need for it. And this is where we are picking up from next week.. After today she's even more sure that there's a big need for her to push even harder and told me she's not going to allow me to side track anymore... And in my mind I was already running fast, thinking will I go on another holiday, put some distance between this session and the next, make her forget? Of course she wont.. she's more perceptive than I have given her credit for.. And I know at some point I will have to travel down this road.. I just really don't like it...
That’s the latest. Will upload photos of recent artwork soon.
Give it a try. Let me know what you think.
My broken 9 x 12 tile now looks like this!
Hot Topic, the store that specializes in punk/metal fashion and merchandise, is leasing the space that used to be occupied by Blockbuster on Court Street.
HAIKU REVIEW: Plastic surgery:
Then, I got creative. First, I made a mixture of melted chocolate and peanut butter. This would be the filling in between the layers of bread. In order to keep it liquidy and smooth, I put the bowl in another bowl of warm water. It works perfectly as long as you don't get any of the water into your chocolate-peanut butter mixture.
I was also nominated for another little blog award a while back, but now can’t find the original comment or email. So if it was from you, please don’t take my lack of response personally. I have a head like a sieve.
But it is more than that. There is so much to see. The curls of the vines, the way things move to the sun. The color - so vivid! It is all so complex. But all so simple.
My kids are s bit young to give this much thought, really. Mia is not quite four, and Ian is approaching fifteen months. They’re not at the point of considering relationships or attraction in that way. The other day, Mia said, “I want to marry you, Mommy!” That’s less a declaration of an alternative lifestyle than another way of saying I want to be with you forever, Mommy! She has no idea what she’s talking about.
Cos then I’m losing the upperhand
You can still find a job,
Under the Ministerial Key Results Area (MKRA), the Tourism Minister has been tasked and held responsible for delivering targeted outcomes set.
“Come out from there. Stay close.”
She goes on to discuss teens who’d rather talk to a computer than to their parents about dating, and about people who realistically believe that psychiatry can be practiced by computers.
Unlike Christmas, I don't have an issue as such with the celebration. If, like me, you don't celebrate it, no-one will make a big deal out of it. Compare that with what happens when you decide not to celebrate Christmas... Not celebrating Christmas means you're a miserable prick, not celebrating Easter isn't a big deal.
Step 6 (optional): Throw “un-bakeable” dough into something like your compost bin; leave overnight, and in the morning watch it take over!
The growing influence of Twitter and instant messaging means that negative opinions and emotions can be expressed and conveyed at the touch of a keypad. We assimilate other people’s views with little thought and become accustomed to spectating rather than instigating. That acquired passivity has a trickle-down effect, says Richard House, a senior lecturer in psychotherapy and counselling at the University of Roehampton.
09-22-2011
The cookies are done – chocolate chip with walnuts and raisins, oatmeal with chocolate chips, walnuts and raisins, and chocolate chip with black walnuts. We’ve got about 5 dozen of each. That will add to the Christmas baskets. I have peanut butter balls done…and Angie did some pretzel rods for me. So now it’s on to the pretzels, more pretzel rods, peanuts, raisins and mixed nuts – all dipped or drizzled in almond bark. I made a double batch of fudge yesterday – I have more to make – some will be Angie’s. And I have the cheese logs to make before Saturday. Busy week! Tonight we’re going to dinner at Olive Garden – Angie’s birthday.
Two years later, after I had started reading in English and, as a result, gotten better at it, I thought I would try again. It was one of the best thoughts I have had.
I haven't been able to type properly for months but had my carpal tunnel op last week so perhaps in another couple.
On a good day even Mr. Trump’s monstrosities have a certain buffoonish charm. You’d have to wonder, though, if The Donald has ever even noticed the Chrysler or Woolworth in their stately elegance?
About halfway through I realized the error of my ways. But I wasn't backing down. Oh no. I ate Every. Single. Bite.
I LOVE this CD! (And yes, I almost said album, but most of you would've merely nodded). I realized why this morning.
"Yeah, don't you worry son. He'll be OK".
I am not one for things that are metaphysical and spiritual. Organized religion for me is a thing created by society to control people.
I would say in the last ten years, 98% of all my reading has been children’s and YA. I love the talented writers in this market and the depth and quality of the story telling. When I decided to start a career in publishing, I only wanted to work in children’s because this is where my market knowledge is and where my passion is.
Et mon commencement ma fin
Today’s projects consisted of scrubbing the kitchen cabinets (inside & out), scrubbing all the floorboards, and cutting the grass. With help of my parents, all the scrubbing got done, but the lawn mower wouldn’t start, so that will have to wait for another day. There is still no electricity at the house, so for now we are not bothering with the fridge and microwave. It’ll be much easier once there is power.
1) ONE OF YOUR SCARS. HOW DID YOU GET IT?
Parents, close friends, teachers and life experiences have all contributed to your Map. And so now, you and I have beliefs made up of neurological patterns, these are programmed into us, hard wired as truths.
This was taken in Ellison Bay , Wisc.
The best, worst advice came from Natalie Babbitt. She was my hero and a teacher got me an interview with her at her home in Providence. I was thrilled beyond words. Just to bask in her presence... she looked at my work and my portfolio and told me to find another career. I was so mad, I vowed I would keep at it until I was more famous than she was. So, if you were just wondering, "Natalie who?" Then you made my day. If not, that's OK. "Tuck Everlasting" is still a classic.
"I wish I'd never met you, boy," she's singing. Personally, I'm glad she's never met me.
Any weight gain I get over the next few weeks will be blamed on Vicky, her pies are delicious, last week I brought home an apple AND a blueberry... YUMMY!
Now in this scene, pay attention the the loud noises, they are from our thugs.. the participants were silent ,scared and seated. They were tormented, ladies were mishandled by male police officers.
2- Do you have a brain?
This is my friends little boy's birthday, sorry the light is not great, so my sentiment is a bit lost on the bottom - This was the best pic I could get :-s
of little faith, why are you talking among yourselves about having no bread? Do you still not understand? Don’t you remember the five loaves for the five thousand, and how many basketfuls you gathered? Or the seven loaves for the four thousand, and how many basketfuls you gathered?
Since starting to write the Pet Rescue Mysteries, I've become a lot more conscious about the dilemma of so many pets needing good homes. It started as research, and has become a pet cause (pun intended) of mine. I’m proud to say that I’m a dog adoption counselor at Pet Orphans of Southern California, which means I help introduce people interested in adopting a dog to their potential new family member. I also do the initial screening of possible adopters, since the idea is to attempt to ensure that the pets will go to good, and appropriate, homes.
Now, some of you might have figured out that i like to watch people, that i find interesting. Well also on this shopping trip i noticed this little old man who was, obviously sent by his wife to get some shopping (i could tell this cos he had a perfectly written shopping list and the look on his face, you could tell he didnt know what he was doing). This man caught my attention because he stood staring blankly at a sign that said 'buy on get 2 free' now to normal people this was easy to understand. But not to him he stood there for a good 10 mins, me watching nearby, before muttering to himself 'but i only want one, now i have to buy 3'!!! bless his cotton socks, we thats if he wore socks!!! That i dont get, but i wont start on that ill leave that for tomorrow!
Please share your comments and even any requests. If you like it the way it is, then let me know!
As for Gabon, as Rosett notes:
Working full-time
Cardigans–sure!
BEST ORIGINAL SCORE FOR TELEVISION
Zamzami Abdul Bari said that marriage remains valid even after death adding that a woman also too had the same right to engage in sex with her dead husband.
Wasn't so lucky with the weather on Saturday for my craft fair - 85 m winds but I'm amazed anyone came & even tho I'd hoped for a big weeks shop worth of takings I at least got a small weeks shop worth. Still lucky, I guess.
My sissy left yesterday and I am still so sad. I wish she could stay forever but she assures me this city is not a place she can live, just visit frequently. I will try to convince her otherwise the next time she comes. And if any of you are looking for things to do in the city, this is pretty much everything minus Broadway. Way to go Mikey! Now get some rest…
The Bilderbergers will probably do nothing but they will do so at their own peril. The A and B Levels have well stocked underground shelters where they think they can flee to in case of excessive radiation on the surface of the earth. The problem the elite faces is that the military has very big weapons and will follow the B Level admirals and generals who will in turn follow the CIA into the shelters over the dead bodies of the Bilderbergers. The B Level is populated with people who have seen unlimited power supplies and planes that fly 40,000 mph. So this leads me to say this:
Kid #3 But she’s dead sh*t head.
Inerviewee: “What?”
I was making up these {relatively} easy Mother's Day cards when my friend Lori offered to let us share her Mother's Day card printable for free. MUCH easier and just as cute! Unfortunately, my printer is on the fritz, so I guess it's a good thing I already had something going. I loved the quote on motherhood she used, though:
I love my bed.
Eights. Smothering.
Pew also breaks the country down by how they get their news into Integrators, Net-Newsers, Traditionalists and Disengaged, with Traditionalists being by far the largest segment (46%). This is the only segment that is almost solely reliant on TV for their news. However, the Integrators (23%) also use TV as their main news source. Integrators are defined as those who use traditional sources (TV, magazine, newspaper) and the internet. They tend to be middle-aged Americans who are “well-educated and affluent.” This means that, taken as an aggregate, 69% of all Americans rely on TV for all or most of their news.
A couple of weeks ago on TCM they played a special production called "Fragments" which showcased surviving bits and pieces of lost silent films. Of greatest interest to me was the fact they were playing the only known surviving footage from Clara Bow's only color film, 1928's "Red Hair". The footage was maddeningly short of course and was quite a bittersweet experience for me. On the one hand its NEW Clara Bow which is a treat no matter how you slice it!... but on the other hand it saddens me almost to tears to think that I may never see the entire film, or any of the other 3 films she made in 1928.
Cool, crisp, clean white tends to have a hint of blue, hence adding blueing to a load of white laundry. It makes it look cleaner. So use a super-pale blue or blue violet. bright-B000, muted-BV20, or B40. I'm using a B21 on the final picture since a B000 is a little bright.
Most of the boys who learned Vedas from him wanted to be priests and learned Vedas from that perspective.
Basic Series World Geography (Grades 6-8)
See you soon in my new blog~
And we’re back to waiting around again. Da Kurlzz at this point I think disappeared again cause I remember looking over at one point and he was gone. At some point Funny Man came out but we like blinked and he was gone. Then, J finally came back but went straight to the bus. Next Danny and Charlie come out but there like, “going to shower at the hotel BRB or maybe never.”
It is worth noting that agriculture grew steadily in 2001-2011 (4.2% per annum on average) and contributed significantly to the economy’s recovery. Unfortunately, investment in this sector has been severely inadequate. While agriculture claimed 52.6% of the workforce, it received just over 6% of investment and took up only 20% of GDP in 2006-2010. Meanwhile, the expansion of industries and services has not been sufficient to absorb unemployed rural jobseekers. Endeavors to transform Vietnam’s economic profile, with priority given to industry and services, also leave much to be desired.
I thought I'd share a few pictures from open house.
Throughout the examination, Liam is nervous, almost panicky, imagining that he has been betrayed and is about to be tortured. We soon realize the problem is not that Liam is prickly, but that he has grown up in a place where suspicion and distrust are learned from an early age. The similarities and differences between this supernatural conflict and the more familiar disputes in Northern Ireland are fascinating:Father Murray said, "You're safe here."
While the link between calcium and weight loss is still feeble (in some studies it promotes greater weight loss, in others it’s a wash), it turns out that milk may really do a body good when it comes to belly fat. A 2010 study by researchers at the University of Alabama at Birmingham found that, among a group of more than 100 premenopausal women, fat was significantly reduced in those who consumed the most calcium-rich foods. In fact, for every 100 milligrams of calcium they consumed per day (that’s 1/2 cup of soft-serve frozen yogurt), they lost an inch of intra-abdominal fat—that’s the really bad stuff tucked in and around your internal organs that has been linked to higher rates of heart disease and cancer. Like magnesium, calcium can also help you sleep if you tend to be awakened by muscle soreness or cramps—the mineral, along with calcium, helps relax muscle nerves and fibers. How to get your dose: Dairy works, but there are other ways to get your calcium in as well, such as sardines, fortified orange juice, tofu, and dark leafy greens like kale and spinach.
You always have the cramps whenever your "good friend" approaches every month; I have to save my palms so that I can calm the cramps in your tummy.
At first, she doesn't come across as very likeable; in fact when we meet her, she is being thrown out of the house by her mother for being rude and obnoxious. And she does seem to me rather young for her age; more like a fourteen-year-old. But you have to be sixteen to play the lottery and that's the donnée of the book.
These are just a few of the ways that show you the advantages and benefits of making sure you have a mobile web optimized website. Some great mobile website builders are ModBids, MoFuse, and Wix.
punk rock is pure, its truth, don’t let anyone tell that it is not,
Tomorrow is my last day here. Work will keep my busy, just as today. Good things come to an end much too soon some times, but as I don't know how much longer I can cope with 30 degrees in the shade, it might actually be good for me to cool off for a bit. I'll regret saying that if it rains once I get home to Dublin Thursday!
Now I am thinking of people who seem to give the impression that the only trouble in the world today is wars, and all they talk about is Vietnam and the problem of this war and other conflicts in the world. I have to go on repeating this because that is what is being said. I am speaking to the times—I am showing you the relevance of the Christian message. These people give the impression that if only the war in Vietnam could be stopped and if the problem of apartheid could somehow be solved, they would have nothing more to say—those are their only problems. And, indeed, there are even many within the church who give exactly the same impression. You will hear reports on radio or on television about some church dignitary who has been preaching, and you can take it for granted that he will be preaching either about Vietnam or about the race problem. Again you feel that if these problems were solved, they would have nothing else to say. The whole Gospel message has to do with these issues, they imply. And these church leaders give the impression that the problem is almost entirely intellectual, and the only solution is more education, more knowledge, more understanding. The argument of these people has always been that ignorance is the cause of all our troubles. All you need to do, therefore, is multiply your educational facilities and you will solve all your problems.
1772 The world’s most travelled goat died, in London. She had circumnavigated the world twice, first on Dolphin under Captain Wallis, then on Cook’s Endeavour. The Lord of the Admiralty even signed a document acknowledging her age and adventures.
When I first read ‘storied sense of place’ I actually misread it as stored and I imagined that we accessed this, that somehow we got in touch with a collective unconscious. I’m not sure that that exists. I certainly don’t believe in imprints or psychic energy hot spots or anything like that. When I went to Dublin it was naïve of me to expect to feel Beckett there. I may well have imagined that I felt him there if my imagination had been good enough but it was not.
And gradually I realized that he was living like that constantly. Everywhere we went, there was part of him looking around and evaluating targets, thinking about blast zones, considering mortality rates, political value, public reaction.Now tell me that same man, Kirk von Ackermann, chose to deliberately drive alone in an SUV with a bad tire over 165 miles without a translator most of it through Saddam Hussein's tribal area. Didn't happen.....
I am from the metro Detroit area, so I have eaten lots of excellent Middle Eastern food in my life. I just love it. If you happen to be in Detroit, you MUST eat at Steve’s Back Room on the east side - world’s best hummus. I don’t know how they do it. Olive oil, I’m guessing. There’s also a great place in Old Town in Chicago called Old Jerusalem. I once (or twice) ate the BEST Chicken Shawarma of my life there. The pastries are excellent too! Off the top of my head I can recall great Middle Eastern meals in Washington DC and Ypsilanti also….. I choose it whenever I can. Unfortunately for me, no Middle Eastern restaurants close to where I currently live, so I gotta make my hummus at home. Gladly!
Having said this much about Birds of Relocation, I’ve still barely scratched the surface of all that could be said about it. Maybe the best thing that I could say, though, is that I’m already better man for having listened to it for the past few weeks, and for taking the time to meditate on its treasures in this review. And I don’t think it’s close to finished doing its good work on me – every time I turn it on I notice something new, which calls forth more life in me. So, since yesterday was the official CD release day for Birds of Relocation (though it has been available in electronic format via The Rabbit Room for much longer), I heartily commend this to you as a good occasion to purchase it.
The disseminating moon helps us distribute and share what we have learned, or to have a clearer understanding of what to do next.
While the album is an overlooked reggae gem (its definitely worth picking up if you have not heard it), what got the most attention was the title track, a sarcastic reggae version of the French national anthem La Marseillaise, causing Gainsbourg to receive death threats from many on the political right in France. In fact, the song was so controversial, that when Gainsbourg toured France with Sly & Robbie and the band that backed him on the album, the shows were plagued with bomb threats, cancellations and protests. Nevertheless, Gainsbourg's new album proved to be both critically and commercially successful. Indeed, it sold over 300,000 copies in the space of a few months and produced two hit singles, a new reggae version of "La javanaise" and "Aux armes et caetera".
The air was crisp, the color of the Autumn leaves at their peak - the sun was shining brightly.
It’s the most important thing
Don’t pvp much, but my understanding is that shamans are powerful in PVP and even moreso once they added Spirit Link Totem (which cheats).
On the quit smoking side, I had another drag of a smoke last night (yes, I was breaking every possible rule), and I again didn’t like it. Could this be the end of smoking for me? Fingers crossed.
to come on back
Starring: Lucille Ball, Mark Stevens
This is my last post before the end of winter here in Australia. It’s been the coldest winter we’ve had in a long time. I’ve enjoyed more stews and soups than I can remember. I’ve snuggled down under thick blankets and worn heavy clothing. But the cold is coming to an end. The days are beginning to grow warmer.
After about 35 minutes I started to feel like something was happening. I wanted to get really excited, but I also wanted to rest too. It's a strange feeling, being up that late with those surge of emotions running through you. It's a surreal feeling. After an hour I decided that I would tell my boyfriend and mother (she was in town, waiting on the baby to arrive) that I may actually be going into labor soon. The birthing tub was in my 2½yr old's room and I needed that placed in the front room, as well as few other arrangements. Once those things were done, I told myself I would tell the midwives what was up, let them know I might be calling them back and then catch some shut eye!
AWP: What is it about France and women?
“This extra job is only temporary.”
Now Reader, you must know that as writers we can sometimes be inspired by the smallest details. My inspiration had a dry spell these last couple of days, but this was too juicy to pass. So I tested my theory (we writers think we’re unofficial psychologists) and decided to ask him to lower the table a little more. He did. I said, “Thank you.”
It feels like I am going full circle – it is in Kenya that I first started dancing – and now I am going back and taking Just Jhoom! with me.
5 Last Will and Testament 5:00
Danes are proud of their welfare safety net, which ensures that all Danes receive basic health care and need not fear poverty. The portion of working-age Danes (16 to 66-year-olds) that are living on government welfare is 24% (2010). Health care, other than for acute needs, and care for the elderly and children has suffered. About one-third of the labor force is employed in the public sector. Can you imagine America if over 100,000,000 worked for a government? On second thought if we count the ones who don’t work and live off of the government, we likely exceed one third of the population.
Proximity is not the only close connection between our wallets and our bodies. Finances and health have a legitimately close relationship. Let’s take on two challenges at once by maximizing our calorie deficit and minimizing our financial one. All we need is a plan and the determination to follow through.
till His life be manifest; till His is perfect sway!
thanks for the support of the latest rule here....................... i do appreciate that most of you do have the swaps to me in a timely manner....... it is like i said...a small few that do drag the chain, and i dont think its fair to hold the swap up too much...................... and this doesnt apply to the ones that are late and contact me to let me know..... Becci...i do completely understand, and you are never normally late, so for you to be,,. i know there has to be a good reason for it.......
But I will deal with that.
The Archives Research Centre staff and friends gathered to farewell Donald Cochrane in early December, who, for almost 16 years, has diligently undertaken the enormous task of preserving the Presbyterian photographic collection. He in fact left his mark on many other aspects of the Archives work, in particular the extensive Missions collection and the Archives Research Centre web site. Donald took the challenge of tackling new experiences and developing various preservation strategies that had to be tailored to a very limited budget with utmost seriousness.
Art. 24 (Expert appraisal) For questions of a technical nature arising during the investigation and prosecution, the copyright administrative management entity may entrust special agencies or engage expert personnel to carry out appraisal.
With respect to contained high-level wastes the BEMR makes this comment: “Based on regulatory requirements, liquid high-level waste must be converted to a durable, stable, solid form for disposal. The preferred treatment for most high-level waste is vitrification (that is, mixing liquid high-level waste with glass frit and heating to create glass that is solidified inside steel canisters). A vitrification facility at the Savannah River Site in South Carolina recently began operations, and a facility at the West Valley Demonstration Project in western New York plans to begin operating in 1996.” (Vol. 1, pg. 2-5).
In bottle: Smoky wine!
with waxwings
I can't choose a favourite!
On the 29th November, 1947, the United Nations General Assembly passed a resolution calling for the establishment of a Jewish State in Eretz-Israel; the General Assembly required the inhabitants of Eretz-Israel to take such steps as were necessary on their part for the implementation of that resolution. This recognition by the United Nations of the right of the Jewish people to establish their State is irrevocable.
In the video one man says ‘anarchy’. He says it is the one word no one want to use in Detroit, but that it is the city’s situation. The shooting of Joseph Lewis is one of many acts of violence, neglect, abuse, corruption which lead people to believe lawlessness now characterizes Detroit, that governmental authority is absent.
The Science Weekly Five Start-Up Kit includes set-up information and tips, the Student Recording Packet, station signs and directions, grouping bookmarks, and the entire "Our Solar System" unit! Head on over to The Science Penguin to get your freebie.
Yesterday I was delighted to be the guest speaker at Monmouth Women’s Festival afternoon event. The Festival is from 2nd – 18th March and celebrates the achievements of women both locally and globally. It’s created every year by Ali Green and her MWF team of brilliant women who have pulled together some really interesting events and speakers; if you’re near the area and would like to know more, click here: http://www.monmouthwomensfestival.org/
The percentage cost of mining and freight is very low. The total cost of fuel is 8% of total generation cost and does NOT constitute a major production cost.
The race starts tomorrow at 6:30 am, which I am really thankful for, because it’s supposed to be a high of 85 tomorrow, which is hell to run in, so the earlier we can start, the better.
Loverde entered the Air Force at age 20, rising to staff sergeant before his discharge seven years later under the former policy. He is an expert at calibrating weapons systems and was a loadmaster on more than 60 C-130 flights into Iraq. After his discharge, Loverde was hired by a military contractor and went to Iraq and Afghanistan, largely doing the same job he had done in the Air Force before his discharge.
I’ll share a few photos of the butterflies and radishes from today.
1 guarantee
09. Dying Breed (prod. by Stereo Phlyer)
It was to be after the Easter Bank Holiday weekend which complicated things rather as we were all away from the house visiting family, and would have to be organised to be at the same place, same time, for the gig.
WITWER: After all, they’re different characters, so they’re going to make different choices and eventually the stories are going to go in a completely different direction because what George (Russell Tovey on the UK series) would do is not something that Josh would do.
Here is where the final cards are shown
Given that latter reality, I am left wondering why RBS needs to reward successful, um, investment bankers. Easing them out by giving them nothing would seem like a more commercial approach, but then what do I know?
Then I started to contact my own sources, which have been built up over being a public figure on the Internet since 1999 – and gaining the trust of many people in various classified programs.
Online community expert Amber Naslund gets a bit more specific, and a bit closer to an actual definition of engagement, saying[4] it involves one or all of the following:
As a part of Jacobs Engineering’s BeyondZero®, A Culture of Caring, program, as was requested to complete an OSHA 10 class in the summer of 2008. This request was made on ALL employees who were required to travel to job sites as a part of their weekly duties. At the time, I was an Architectural Job Captain, charged with developing and directing a project team to assess existing conditions, develop design and construction documents, and administer the contact during construction. An Architectural Job Captain is similar to a Project Architect position, although I was working towards my Architectural Registration at the time. As the lead team member, I visited job sites to assess and survey the current conditions.
Then there were the peaches, which were made into Peach and Amaretto jam. Amazing how a splash (okay a few splashes) of alcohol can lift a jam into another realm entirely.
Other items of interest:
Last weekend arrived with more grey skies and cold weather. The recent return to winter here has been decidedly unwelcome! To add to the general low mood, we spent most of the time curled up indoors with two very poorly girls. A venture out to Woodbridge on Saturday afternoon ended in a trip to the emergency doctor, after Tabitha suddenly developed a very painful ear ache. Sunday saw Zoe develop the ear infection too, so the early part of the week has not been great.
And it cuts so deep, that when
Cold glass. First, a double whisky, then the Wilkinson's tansan, then a twist of lemon. It is as simple as that. You can get highballs in the Samboa tradition at Rockfish in Tokyo (see the Metropolis article for details) and in any of the 11 Samboa bars in Kansai (no central website but Gion Samboa is at 570 Gion-Minamigawa, Yuraku-cho, Higashiyama-Ku, Kyoto; 075-541-7509.)
Okay, maybe I’m not seeing some things. That those people are actually working towards something awesome, or at least living a decent happy life (which, I think is all that people really ought to do). Maybe I just can’t take a joke.
In the wake of the necklacing of suspected thieves in Khayelitsha, residents say a lack of police response to complaints were to blame for the brutal vigilante violence.
Will some people judge you? Perhaps. Or maybe it just seems so. This might be because they aren't the epitome of class themselves--or it just might be that they got yelled at by their spouse/child/in-laws/boss and haven't pulled themselves together yet. Be forgiving, and realize it is not about you. Am I so forgiving when I get poor service? Alas, I'm not a saint. Someone in Paris peeved me very much, and instead of walking out, I had her pull out scarf after scarf after scarf despite already knowing the motifs and colorways wouldn't suit (I am not a fan of the newest Hermès collection). That was not my best moment. Normally I just walk away--luxury shopping should be enjoyable, and if it's not, it's best to wait until another day or trip.
I had to go to the dentist this morning. IT HURT. A LOT. Enough to push me over into borderline insanity. So, I went to ONE of my happy places. A slightly psychotic happy place, but a happy place none-the-less.
“Monthly sown” because nasturtiums are in their entirety such useful plants and a supply throughout the growing season makes good sense. For using the plants’ “hot and aromatick” properties into winter, Evelyn recommends candying the buds as strewing herbs (that is, strewn on the floors of homes to keep down the stink in pre-modern England). Haven’t tried that. But those capers are another story.
This is back in the day when my mom still had misgivings about me being a rug muncher. She still fell silent if I chose to mention anything dating related. The conversations were painful. She couldn’t even make eye contact when she heard words like “lesbian” or “girlfriend” or even “I have a date.” The evidence of this little discovery punched her in the face and forced her to wonder what the fuck I did with all that gear. I mean, look on the bright side. I didn’t have nipple clamps, or one of those black mask things that cover your whole head and leave room for a ball to gag on. No pony play gear. It was just some standard equipment.
8) After enough practice, this technique should be able to pierce paper, fruits, skin, and even drywall.
Life sometimes throws you curves too, and in order to remain on top, you need to go with the flow. If a tragedy happens, accept its pain, and go with God’s larger plan which is for the ultimate good!
"Hmmmm... I fancy a wee latte to keep me going"
I saw this on Amandalandish blog and thought it might be fun to do. Maybe I will get more followers. If you see more than 5 answers that you and I both agree on, then share my blog with someone who follows you! Thanks!
Santorum stands by ‘snob’ comment, says conservatives ‘singled out’ and ‘ridiculed’ at colleges – by Felicia Sonmez – Posted at 10:50 AM ET, 02/26/2012
And about the throne,
-How money works for different SAHMs
Believe me, when you come across one, you will know.
Doctor: “You’ve got stage 3 Chronic Kidney Disease, Mrs Miggins, requiring that we mount an immediate renin-angiotensin blockade, get you on a statin…”
The CGC case is very murky. It’s not clear to me how exactly he entered the US Embassy to begin with, but it was apparently — judging from the angry comments from the Chinese side — with the help of one or more US Embassy officials. Yet surely Ambassador Locke would have had to give his approval to the arrangement, so you are right to ask the question of why Washington would want to help Chen.
Gingelly oil
This pregnancy has really kicked my butt.
In sum, Nubian studies remain – despite the efforts of Giovanni and Grzegorz – far from having achieved yet the necessary open-access data bases that help promote more general studies, like for example the very useful paleographic comparisons that other text-oriented disciplines have achieved. For example, one can naturally only admire the richness of the material presented in a favorite blog on Coptic studies, namely the one directed by Alin Suciu.
I cautioned, “but recall the tea roses,
It was a good lesson for the day!
30gm icing sugar
Biggest change in my life, especially looking at my last blog about escapism, is that I’ve gotten a job. I know. It’s awesome. I’m teaching back at home at my high school–the place where I told my mom when I graduated that I would be working there. She told me “Don’t get your hopes up, it’s very hard to get a job there.” Ha, I showed her.
The Two Dianas (Les Deux Diane, 1846)
The MP map design was pretty damn awesome in Black Ops especially now in the light of Modern Warfare 3 (the latest two MW3 maps: Foundation and Sanctuare are awesome and feature spawns very much like in Black Ops), which has had maps from I think from Neversoft, Sledgehammer and IW. The MP map designs in Black Ops were very consistent and there were some absolutely classics like Summit and Nuketown, but the rest were really good too. I hope the spawn system stays the same in Black Ops 2, so basically teams spawning at either end of the map depending which area you control. Spawn trapping/camping is fine by me if it’s limited.
43. Annie Hall (Diane Keaton) – One of the nicest compliments I ever got was a boss who told me I reminded him of Annie Hall.
(better check on aunt Martha and uncle Herman in that retirement community just to be on the safe side….perhaps a quick phone call might be in order)
Frankly, I don't know how I ever read this book without wanting to barf. Even the cover blurb should have had alarm bells ringing, with all that darn neediness everywhere. Because while the cover promises a book about an unforgettable, headstrong heroine just like Jessica Wakefield, Loving is all about Caitlin discovering that what handsome eighties cowboy types like Jed really want... is a girl with no discernible personality. I think I speak for us all when I say: facepalm.
Calling us gender variants and 3rd genders is misgendering and "othering" us, and transsexual-phobic.
37. rain- takes the pollen away and gives my poor babies some allergy relief
I have to tell you everyone stopped me as we walked the kids around the neighborhood. I even did a quick dance for some who had their camera phones out. Who knows where those videos ended up!
Spring is the time for new beginnings!
Mr. Gogt testifies that the birth certificate, posted online by Obama, is suspicious. States white lines around all the type face is caused by “unsharp mask” in Photoshop. Testifies that any document showing this, is considered to be a fraud.
"I have always loved my anonymity and therein lies a contradiction because I also find comfort in seeing representations of my private experiences in the public environment. They need not be representations of my experiences - they can be the experiences of and by others that merely come close to my own or else disrupt the generic representations that have come to be the norm in the various medias outside my door. I find that when I witness diverse representations of "Reality" on a gallery wall or in a book or a movie or in the spoken word or performance, that the larger the range of representations, the more I feel there is room in the environment for my existence, that not the entire environment is hostile."
I don't foresee myself being able to buy a $10K+ Hermes Birkin in this lifetime but a little bauble seemed like a fun piece of luxury. Finding this was actually a little difficult as tPF no longer authenticates Clic H bracelets due to the high number of very good counterfeits being produced and sold. This was worrying, to say the least, so I approached this backwards. I researched reputable eBay sellers with a history of authentic Hermes items and then familiarized myself with date codes, markings, and common complaints with Clic bracelets (not foolproof, but gave me enough confidence in this case).
Back in March, I had the opportunity to attend the Hearts at Home conference and it was incredibly moving! The founder, Jill Savage, wrote a book called "My Heart's at Home: Becoming the Intentional Mom Your Family Needs" and I picked up a copy. It has been on my nightstand since, but the other night I picked it up. The introduction was so powerful- I had to share.
As you can see from the picture, the boys and I took the opportunity to do some sightseeing while we were in San Francisco today. That's them on Lombard Street, the crookedest street in the world. I have to say, I was very impressed... We all walked all the way down the crooked block... And then we all walked back up. Ricky hoofed it and made it to the top a good five minutes before Andrew and me. Andrew and I were huffing and puffing and taking breaks all the way up. The kid with lung disease made it up there first! Go Ricky!
One popular no-med blogger did just that to your shy and retiring flawedplan this year and thankfully I was able to maintain sufficient wit to persuade her to swiftly remove the nonsensical post but these displays of nerve can leave a chilling effect. And they’re accumulating, some phase, the pendulum swinging, whatever the reason, antipsychiatry abounds. Yes I know, google antipsychiatry and you’ll end up here, isn’t that ironic. Something’s gotta give.
This is great for you because it means you can buy your own gift—and you know exactly what you’d like. In the olden days, you had to drop mega-hints and hope for the best. Some women, having given up completely, would get the gift themselves, give it to their husband to wrap, then feign surprise upon opening it.
Sometimes I feel like a broken record, when I explain to a young person who is irritated by their parent that, their parents love them and that’s why they freak out when the child is flunking school, dressing like a porn star or hanging out with the wrong crowd. It’s difficult for the child to just accept that their parent love them – because most parents actually don’t know their children.
At the start of the NCAA Tournament Thursday afternoon, it seemed that there would be very few upsets. The first nine games went the way of “chalk,” meaning that the lower, favorited seed won. March became a little madder when VCU followed up its Final Four appearance in 2011 by upsetting the #5 seed Wichita State by three points. In the final matchup of the opening day of the tourney, Colorado set the tone for Friday’s games by shocking the UNLV Running Rebels, #6 seed and #25 overall in the AP poll. As a whole, the number of upsets was surprisingly small. On average, there are eight upsets in the round of 64 based on the seed, putting this year’s tournament to fill only half of the “quota.”
Advanced steps include locking the camera’s mirror in the up position since mirror movement can cause some vibrations and have some blur. I will do this on occasion here is an example a stitched photo (3 photos in one) of the Toronto skyline.
It tastes very spring-y with the asparagus, peas, and green garlic!
Camping Is a Lame Tactic
I read and re-read that comment and tried to make it OK in my heart but it wasn't. It wasn't something I would have expected from that commenter and that probably made it hurt worse--it wasn't anonymous, it was someone I blogknew. Or thought I did.
I feel scared all the time.
CRCT – Social Studies
I love that he did this song! I love that he openly pens his love for black girls and I love that it’s causing controversy because it’s bringing awareness and opening dialogue about interracial relationships between white men and black women and the desireability of black women. But the one thing I love more than the controversy and the attention is that other white male celebs are jumping on his twitter and voicing their love for black girls too. By them doing that, it sends the message that there is nothing wrong with voicing it publically! Say it LOUD. I LOVE BLACK GIRLS and I’M PROUD!!!!!!
* Fast-forward into reality*
This year, I fear, your experience will have been very different. You will have been asked to show your passport, to recite your National Insurance number, to provide your mother’s maiden name, to open your bag, to submit to a pat-down search and quite possibly to remove all your clothes while members of the Federal Conference Committee pulled on rubber gloves with an intimidating snap.
Not getting The Look = losing ticket/average to lousy day.
Sir Jeremy said he had threatened to resign if Britain supported the invasion of Iraq without securing at least one Security Council resolution.
Poor but Rich in happiness.
the new
snap system I’m using, only the snap caps differ in size – the other
Dimensions (W x h x D): , 4 1/4 x 3 1/4 x 19 3/32 "(91.2 x 18.4 107,8 mm x)
Which isn't hard to do to me.
Mandi
My Pretty Quadroon by Jerry Lee Lewis
THIRD INTERNATIONAL CONGRESS ON EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION (ICECE 2012)
this is our hall closet.
That's right, like Pepe Le Pew, we're lovers, not fighters. Ergo, we'd like to tell you boys who want to be lovers a few things you've been saying to the sisters that you shouldn't.
4:16. I had exactly four minutes to make myself look occupied. I dumped books, notebooks and pencils out of my bag, tossing it onto the floor beneath the table, and arranged everything so it looked like I'd been there for hours, studying my brains out for finals. 4:18. I rearranged my clothes, took my hair down out of its ponytail in what I hoped was a Pantene-esque mane of shiny beauty, and stared fixedly at the book open in front of me. Was it history? Chemistry?
3:35
What are your preferred ways to be social?
Taking a shaking breath and lunging forwards, Jack holds the staff in his hand. A marvel of the ages, in the hand of a mortal. His breath stops.
And children benefit from being recognized by name in an embracing community, even chatted with by people of all ages. This helps them to become comfortable with their place in community. They belong. What could contribute better than a church picnic to their healthy social development in a positively Christian setting?
“They’re coming back,” said Reader’s Digest writer Malcolm McConnell, who has covered 10 launches. He and several other reporters started running, planning to make their way to the landing strip several miles away where the shuttle was to return in an emergency. There were confused shouts, swearing, a short scream.
Even ignoring my in-principle objection to short custodial sentences for non-violent offendors, I don’t think it was. In particular, I do not see how the custody threshold was passed in this case. Tellingly, the MCGS says the following when describing a high level community order:
ARTS | The Kennedy Center hosts a very special performance tonight. Women of the N Street Village homeless shelter will take the stage to share personal stories, songs, and vignettes about their struggles. (WaPo, 4/29)
Wondering at the deaths of celebrities two
There’s three bedrooms, hardwood flooring and the kitchen’s new
This chicken rendang is slow cooked in spicy coconut milk until the chicken is tender and almost dry.
Granted, if they had a sidewalk guy and his sign said 'ENTER IN REAR' or something of the like, I would still have to pull over just to give him a high five, you know, in the name of comedy. As long as he’s not the one administering the procedures, because then maybe just a fist-bump, followed by a lot of hand sanitizer, might be better. For the record, most medical procedures are not recommended to be purchased purely on impulse (unless the purchase is Emergency Medicine that you suddenly need due to bleeding from the head or something).
Click on any of the images to see in full size.
so for the first one i got it from two lovely bloggers...and it is the "one lovely blog award"
They are great little sleepers. (knock on wood) They have learned to sleep longer stretches at night and take good naps during the day. We are still swaddling them and they are still sleeping in their Rock and Play Sleepers beside our bed. We have not made the transition to the cribs yet mostly because their cribs are upstairs and we are lazy. ha! We enjoy being able to feed, change and put them back in bed without getting out of ours. Also Shepard is such a little paci lover. If his paci falls out at night he loses his mind. I have slept many nights lately with my hand on his paci keeping it in his mouth. We usually feed them between 8:30-9:30 at night and Sara Kate will sleep until we wake her at 5:30 to eat before I get ready for work. Shepard on the other hand usually eats one extra time in between there at least 3 times a week. Sara Kate LOVES to nap in the swing and Shepard prefers to nap in his Rock and Play or anytime anyone hold him.
Boehner told his members yesterday that he wanted to send markets a positive sign by the time Asian markets began opening this afternoon that Congress would strike a deal to break the impasse over raising the $14.3 trillion borrowing limit.
was 83.
Chrystopher Spicer’s new book “Clark Gable in Pictures” is more than a series of photographs as the title may suggest. What the author gives us is an engaging and fascinating opportunity to peak into what seems like part family album and part behind the scenes look at the man who was known as the “King of Hollywood.” Many are published here for the first time giving us a rare inside look into the private life of a public figure and iconic golden age movie star. On its own the book is an informative read and look at different phases of Gable’s life; it is also a nice supplement to Spicer’s full length 2002 book, “Clark Gable: Biography, Filmography, Bibliography,” also published by McFarland Books.
When God at first made man,
2. Reading and rereading nursery mail order catalogs. Morphine for those amidst a long winter’s gardening hiatus.
I love how our extra chunky moldings turned out ... it took 3 separate molding pieces to accomplish this look ... it originally started as a diy project but after hours and hours of suffering with the baseboards, we decided it would be much more cost effective to hire someone who actually knew what they were doing and could knock the project out in a day!
a combination of draft mistakes and
Old Lady: “Mario, do you remember where you parked the car? We don’t want to lose the car. Remember what happened last time!”
what's your favorite toy?
5. New Civilization
We've continued to buy him Christmas, birthday, Father's Day gifts, or just make cards. I've encouraged them to honor him.
My husband Will is a fixer.
Uh oh! There have been another wave of enemies released into the US Spiral, but for once, not released by Malistaire, but by Morganthe (the monster you follow around in Zafaria’s last dungeon, Mirror Lake)
Meanwhile, the customers of Traditional Publishers have discovered other supply channels — channels which have not yet formed to the point where they can be trusted.
The Large Synoptic Survey Telescope (LSST) has 189 sensors and 3 tons of components compressed in a tight space to give a powerful view of the entire visible sky every week.
Unlike any other girls she knew, she said what she meant and didn't play stupid games. She had a quirky sense of humor that he liked, even when it was directed at him. In fact, he liked everything about her.
The alarm bells have been ringing out for quite some time now and I cannot help but wonder how many more young people have to slip through the mainstream education net before something seismic is done to stem the tide.
We’ve got to fix our broken politics and we’ve got to start fixing it now. The question is: who’s going to do it, and how are they going to do it?
It is with a HUGE amount of excitment and pleasure I can tell you that ‘The Secret Diaries of a Teenage Queer’ has been funded by Manchester Pride! So the show, and our Q+A session will be at Taurus Bar, Canal Street on Friday 17th August at 8pm!
Tomato Bruschetta
I must say, this is as mild and tasty a cup of tea that I have ever had! No, there is no hint of that "christmas tree candle" taste. The mild spruce and maple flavor are truly delightful.
(One more reason: when you’re under-slept you’re a lot more likely to eat CRAP!)
And now you can create a printable invitation to match any party and gift tag design listed in my shop or set that you custom create!
Profession: Global Wanderer & Founder of Hope For the Silent Voices
Our hero Damien Sandow is telling us about ignorance. You can follow him @TheDamienSandow on Twitter, or so they tell us.
He lives to plead for me above.
Background: Super Moss Instant Green Mat
Bintani, Little Creatures and VAMI lent their support and were instrumental in getting the maps, posters and event guides out to the venues so that the average punter could work out what was going on. It’s fair to say that at this point, the steering committee didn’t even know what was going on.
"But I still haven't explained how he came to be called 'Shaky Shecky.' Shiva sandwiches are great--but Shecky needed cash as well. He was living on a fixed income and things were tight. You can't blame the guy really. He needed a couple of dimes to rub together to see a movie, go to a ballgame or put two dollars on the nose of."
The court recognized that the reproduction and distribution rights are different, but I fail to see how that recognition played out in the court’s decision: how is the transmission of a work the distribution of a copy? I have no problem with holding the first person liable for making an unauthorized copy, nor with holding the second person liable for making one too via plaintiff’s transmission, nor do I have any problem with holding the second person liable for making an unauthorized copy via plaintiff’s transmission even if plaintiff’s copy was lawful. And I understand why copyright owners want to stop people from putting works in share folders so that they whole world can have access to and therefore make unauthorized copies. My issue is that they can still sue the person who retrieves the copy (and the first person if his or her copy was unlawful); but the law shouldn’t be mucked up to go after the first person where the first person possesses a lawful copy. The consequences for such a making available right go well beyond the facts of these cases.
Absolut Ruby Red - 40%
Cut her out and mounted her on two different size
I didn't have the small die jar from PTI so I just cut some off and made my own. You can't really tell but I put acetate over the jar to give it more of a glassy feel. I didn't add any sparkle (I know?!?! What was I thinking???) but will go back and definitely add that to the butterflies.
And we’ve screamed till our lungs dropped to our feet
Police had fired tear gas and chemical-laced water on the protesters and reportedly assaulted reporters and seized their equipment.
Now after four hours of sleep we’re on the road headed to the UP. Crossing a five mile bride while I write this with lake Huron to my right and lake Michigan to my left. I’d like to dive in to that water. But I hear it will be a bit chilly.
Not getting a deal doesn't mean you are a failure.
Available in the August 2010 issue of Broker World
2. I went to my second English country dance Saturday night and met an inspiring new friend. With bright red hair and a beautiful personality to match, she loves to dance, but what I love most is that she will dance by herself if she can’t find a partner. I love that she is that secure in who she is! I watched her waltz to slow music, her eyes closed, and I knew I wanted to be that confident in myself, if it were possible. I love finding amazing new friends!
Lancaster has been especially clever in that the structure of the novel, and even the paper-book format, tie in intrinsically with the plot. The chapters are written in a normal narrative style, but are divided into tape sides - this is supposed to be a kind of transcript of the testimony of Kyle Straker, which has been recorded onto old audio tapes and discovered later. Lancaster takes on the role of 'editor' and there are occasional futuristic notes inserted into the text to explain popular culture references and some of our more unusual idioms.
Now, you can't strike on benefits. You can't say "Right, that's it, I'm just not claiming your Disability Living Allowance any more" Cos, you know, you'd starve. AND Iain Duncan-Smith would be thrilled which kind of defeats the object. DWP ministers were always pretty safe in the knowledge that they could do what they liked with us.
Well, I think it is time for all of use to come out, even in the cemetery. Sure, one has to take into consideration that a headstone with two male names on it would be a prime object of cemetery vandalism. Yes Virginia, gays are fair game for bashing even in the cemetery.
Kaleena kept checking on them right up until bed time, they may have to become breakfast tomorrow, she is so excited to have them.
Zen
Now that I'm doing this, I'm really appreciating the whole concept of a budget, which is really just a recognition of what one has and how to use it. Living by a budget is a demonstration of how freedom can come through discipline.
this is not a plea for presents.
Science Fiction, Young Adult, Survival, the Value of a Soul
Edward J. and his wife, Mary Thompson, also lived in Mineral Ridge. In 1920 Edward J. turned 49 years old. He was a carpenter by trade, built homes, and was experienced with tools. Henry C. lived in Steubenville, Jefferson County, Ohio, in 1920, with his wife Elizabeth Armitage. Henry turned 83 in 1920. On nearly every record his occupation is different but on one record he was listed as a carpenter, on another as a wagon maker. Clearly he had carpentry skills. Considering the ages of the
Think of your lovers and the distances you’ve crossed because your heart told you to. Think of nights when only tears brought you rest. In lucid moments where logic prevails, ask yourself this simple question. When has it ever been wrong to fall in love?
NO BACK LINKING PLEASE
- Ponds
Connecticut
Then the perky Irish instructor comes in with her little blonde pony tale and fit, toned body. I hated her at first sight. Then the class began. 55 minutes of hell. Stand up, sit down! I felt like I was at church. After the first 10 minutes I was praying to god like I was in church!
I just finished this insect series. I started this series because I found a dead butterfly in the park, so one of them is real.
If it's cool, with a blue, purple, or green tint, it's a grey.
". . . a large majority of the smart people in Cheop's (sic) Egypt, dynastic China, Elizabethan England, and Teddy Roosevelt's America were engaged in ordinary pursuits, mingling, working, and living with everyone else. Many were housewives. Most of the rest were farmers, smiths, millers, bakers, carpenters, and shopkeepers. Social and economic stratification was extreme, but cognitive stratification was minor." (p. 27)
This is not a pig!!--Such a comfort for the zoo-going public at the peccary corral at the Biblical Zoo in Jerusalem. To cover most bases, the signage is in Hebrew, Yiddish, English, and Arabic. And it terminates with two exclamation marks to underscore its urgency and transcendent import. (See the photo below; the sign, of course, reads right to left.)
We had Monday off. So, I decided to start reading Kisses from Katie, and had a really hard time putting the book down. I ended up reading the first 16 chapters in one day. So, I basically read the entire day! I haven't done that since we were required to read for school, and I had pushed the book off until just a few days before our report was due.
I don't know if I will have the bottle to wear it to the Bruce Springsteen concert in June as I think it will look a bit naff.
Being heavy was like living in Neverland. In it I escaped growing up. Now that I’m playing Wendy I’ve faced a mirror for the first time with the nagging question of every pubescent girl: Am I pretty? This time I have not meant “Am I lovable?” But “Am I beautiful?” “Am I desirable?”
A handful of his pilots were already making for the launch bays. The C.A.G., Major Neesa "Artemis" Joone joined him.
It was my intention to pick one theme or the other (yellow or the blues and purples), but I loved them both so I chose to do four in the yellow and four in the blue/purple/flower theme.
We miss you dear one and hope that you and Rudy are together and enjoying some new, grand adventures. Keep an eye on us as we are the ones with broken hearts.
This was shot at a large shopping mall in Long Island in June this year. The geometrical precision of the huge cupola above our heads had me standing there, looking upwards as though I were taking in some metallic equivalent of the Sistine Chapel. Oh well, you get my drift, right?
Fighting fire (Science 2, News, Video)
I got up timidly and turned to face him, my body shaking slightly. “I just can’t do this,” I gestured between him and I, “anymore.”
The image above left however is what you will actually get if you buy this dress, which is what I discovered when it arrived in the post. I couldn't put my finger on what was bothering me about the dress at first but then a less than favourable review on Oasis' website led me to dig around on the internet and back through the magazines where I'd first seen it.
My real only complaint with this episode is that the assassins don’t exactly feel like assassins, when you hear the word you tend to think of subtlety and efficiency, particularly in modern day. They shouldn’t be running around with all sorts of heavy weaponry at hand, making a racket, blowing stuff up, and generally drawing a lot of attention to themselves. This may be an action anime and such firefights are barely out of place, but it’s still hard to regard someone as an assassin when they start firing rifles and yelling in a highly developed and populated shopping area without any hesitation or restraint, it’s the sort of thing that would get them killed no matter how good with they were with their guns and I’m honestly not going to be surprised if they get killed off because of it. That said I guess it’s just another example of the rule of cool in play.
The one thing I could say is to be open-minded. You may think you want to go down one direction, but explore your options and try out different internship positions in agencies and corporations to find out what you are best suited for.
Simply this: what we have is a marketing campaign with no provable significant benefit for public health. The campaign is based on neither medical evidence nor scientific fact.
Not a kiss in the dark
I’d had trepidations about attending the function. Feared that the gathering would be reduced to some sort of freak show, with people gawking at those members of society who are normally overlooked, ignored, hidden at home. Because coming face to face with ‘nature’s mistakes’ discomfits us.
It's still a work in progress, but my cores are better. I'm still breaking beads, so it's a good thing I have a lot of fuglies in my collection. Practice! Practice! Practice!
in the meantime i thought i would share this little closet re-do that i did a while back.
Yes, but not in the solitary sense. I met up with my friend Isaac and we worked on some Jazz theory and improvisation for guitar, 2-5-1 changes, which chords A Harmonic Minor Scale works best over etc. It was a good start and great fun.
*espresso shots, steamed 2%, foam*
I will reply to your email within 48 hours of receiving it. Thank you!
They did not say why officers pulled over Mr. Mixon to begin with, but said it appeared to be a routine traffic stop.
Thank you so much for all your fabulous suggestions as to what is stereotypically English.
There's a quote from John F. Kennedy about the sea, and the romantic feelings it evokes.
After a hiatus on the journalism course front I have finally taken up the challenge and almost finished assignment four. To my shame, I haven't even looked at the course since August 2010 (cough, splutter, reddening of cheeks,) so I thought it was high time I began again. It got me thinking as to what obstacles stop me from writing and what I can do about them.
the tall ones after all. ;)
First, an apology. Yes, I know there are no pictures on this blog. Well, ok, there are two : one is of me standing in front of the Van Full of Shite. The other is of a chicken casserole. It has to be said that both of these fail to capture the beauty and majesty of The Most Serene Republic.
3) Eggplant or brinjal, 2 pcs, cut and fried with oil.
Again, due to Technicolor, there is a difference between the colour of the actual dress (pale pink) and the color it was on screen(more of a vibrant fuschia color).
I suppose I had wires and metal running all along my insides (that was the impression I got in my dream, anyway) contributing to that “robot” bit, but really, I was just a super teeth-y me.
Television means "far-seeing", a compound of Greek and Latin which provoked some controversy among philologists when first coined, because of its mixed lineage. This academic quibble is the least cause to complain of it. Here's something I wrote way back in Post#8 to this blog:
First: Why do you think the oil sands started???
“We stopped teaching people to do crunches a long, long time ago,” says Dr. Richard Guyer, president of the Texas Back Institute. That’s because the “full flex” movement—the actual “crunch” part of crunches – puts an unhealthy strain on your back at its weakest point. The section with the most nerves (and most potential for nerve damage) is in the back of the spine, which is the very part that bends and strains during a sit-up.”
Malcolm either took this as a sensible suggestion or as a challenge and he was the first person to try out the banger-up-the-bum routine which involves holding a large firework – preferably a three-stage Roman Candle – between your clenched buttocks and lighting it to the musical accompaniment of Ethel Merman singing There’s No Business Like Show Business (other tunes are far less effective though the copyright holders of the Ethel Merman version won’t legally let it be used with the routine). Tragically, Malcolm told me, he lacked the necessary buttock control and, as a result, the lit firework drooped and set fire to his pubic (or should that be derriere) hair. According to Malcolm, fellow Greatest Show on Legs member Chris Lynam had tighter buttock control, successfully did the act as part of their show and has become the living legend he is today.
I'm trying to get over my crazy allergies ... they have really kicked my butt the past few days!
and thoughts turn to wisps
I think the thing that draws me into Japan the most is that anything is possible and nothing is to crazy.
I am going to have to shut down the excuses, get off the couch, shut the fridge door and resist the temptations that will always be present in this world. Once again I'll need...
I love searching the internet and seeing just what crazy and exciting things people come up with. Here are a few of the cool book-related things I’ve found this week:
Plexi-Craft’s TV Table also caught my eye – such a great alternative to traditional TV stands. I love that it on casters and can be easily moved about. It also has options to add more shelves based on your needs. Love this!
There was a time Anna and Jane were very close.
205 Lisa Stansfield The Line (Ashley Beedle Pure Funk Radio Edit)
It might be a very, very good thing I really only had a few minutes in this store!
It wasn't a "rebellion". The Métis were not "insurgents". They never were subjects of the British Crown, no one "rebels" against something they have never been a part of to begin with. They were free human beings living on their own land as the Creator / creation intended. Their ancestors (up to seven generations before them) had once been engagés (laborers with short term contracts) of the french, but the french (who only had monopoly trading rights in Indigenous territories) had long since returned to europe. I emphasize they were (are) free human beings. They never were slaves of the french and the people could never have been transferred to another "owner" when they never had been owned to begin with. Not that owning slaves was ever moral or acceptable, human beings are not property.
That sad virgin on the sweaty couch
Lawyer Mafika Sihlali said Shongwe appeared to be encouraging the unit's "barbaric behaviour".
Every chapter should have its own plot, none more important than Chapter One. Use what you know about storytelling to:
“Bedphones, actually,” corrects Mr Young. “You can sleep in them, you see; when you lie down, they’re designed to just fit over the ear rather than pressing in and being uncomfortable.” So this turns out to be a rather sensible and thoughtful gift after all, rather than a cruel joke. Good old Mr Young.
Welcome to another challenge with the Use It Tuesday Design Team!!! I want to remind you that they're looking for applications for their new Design Team.... click on the link in my left sidebar for more information. It's a great design team and a great way to challenge you to use some of the items in your stash!
And to the west? not much in the way of sunset at all.
The realisation that you actually are going to be gritting your teeth and pushing through the pain 17+ miles can bring in order to get to the finish starts to hit. Perhaps if you have run this distance before the nerves get you every time. Mine currently do!
2) Turkey – 44x more deaths from MVA than USA
nothing. Be seemly and austere.'
President Kruger attempted to stop Boers from crossing the Limpopo.
1. How Is the 'Internet' Different from the 'Web'?
to "Collider", our favourite Welsh star, ultra talented and super charismatic Luke Evans, has been offered the role of the lead villain, the same one which Jason Statham opted not to take recently. If Luke accepts the role he will have to fight against Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel in the upcoming film. The movie, which should start shooting in Europe this June, would give him an unusual opportunity to play a bad guy, since Luke has always portrayed the roles of heroes, charmers and gods so far, from playing Apollo in CLASH OF THE TITANS, to playing Zeus in IMMORTALS, to playing Aramis in THE THREE MUSKETEERS, and to playing a good detective in THE RAVEN. He is currently shooting THE HOBBIT over at New Zealand. In Peter Jackson's fantasy saga, Luke again plays a good guy and possibly the biggest hero of the story, Bard, leader of men!
What a poisoned box of candy that is.
Was sort of glad we chickened out and saw this one flat, because the sheer duration/volume gave me a pounding headache, but I still enjoyed myself. The writers of X-MEN and X-MEN II join forces in the ultimate team-up! And it works, because not only are the quips of a higher than average standard, they’re wonderfully character-specific. The nicest one-liner might be Captain America, refugee from the ’40s, being pleased to actually get a cultural reference (to THE WIZARD OF OZ). But there are lots of good moments. A sequence where the Hulk violently interrupts Loki’s monologuing reminded me of a favourite moment from Alan Moore’s early Captain Britain strip, back in the day.
The namesake of the dinner - Brauerei Schloss Eggenburg's Samichlaus Bier. The strongest lager in the world at 14% ABV, this doppelbock is brewed only one day of the year (St. Nicholas' Day - Dec. 6th) and cold-stored for a year before being released. Given the time difference between us & Belgium, there was a decent chance the 2010 batch was being prepared concurrently with our enjoyment of the 2009 vintage.
Just Nth of Melrose.
I have met people recently who have lived in an apartment for up to 4 years at a time! 4 years! Can you even imagine? I have friends who are looking to buy their first house and I get this panic feeling in my chest even trying to think about being tied down to something that large! That is commitment and a half. I had a hard time committing to a bed frame and my own mattresses. Imagine me trying to commit to a HOUSE. You can't load that in the back of the truck every few months.
However, in the years of weak economic recovery that followed, women were harder hit while men started to gain jobs again. The trend appears to have started to even out in recent months.
These accounts are company confidential, and confidential for good reason. You really don’t want a competitor to know the details of your cost structure because that is a significant part of competitive advantage. Companies make attempts to benchmark themselves against competitors in order to measure competitive advantage. You might not wish a price war, as your goal isn’t to destroy the competition but to provide a return to investors, but you might wish to know whether your operation is as efficient as the competitors and whether you could win one if they picked a fight.
When our 2nd chakra is unbalanced we often ignore our feelings or even disconnect from them,”… we live in our heads.” Pg 47 Once we begin to live in our heads we start to ignore what our bodies want and need and instead of nurturing ourselves we deprive ourselves in many different ways. It is often when this area is unbalanced that we have a hard time knowing when to hang on and when to let go.
Cronjé’s colleagues described him to Beeld as ‘a strict but very fair colleague. He was a peacemaker who always wanted to keep everybody happy.’ Cronjé leaves his widow Lorina, and children, Melissa (21), a Unviersity of Pretoria student, and Gustav (18), a pupil in matric at the Afrikaans High School Hoogenhout in Bethal.
Thank you very much for taking your time, Mr. Schiff!
Parents at a Massachusetts elementary school are furious after educators first removed the word ‘God’ from the popular Lee Greenwood song, “God Bless the U.S.A.” and then pulled the song all together from an upcoming concert. Fox 25 in Boston is reporting that children at Stall Brook Elementary School in Bellingham were told to sing, “We love the U.S.A.” instead of “God Bless the U.S.A.”
Further, the new law explains supermassive black holes at the center of galaxies. Somewhere in distant space, a gravity object exists. This could be another galaxy or another black hole or a galaxy cluster. Between the gravity object and the galaxy is space that has far less mass. Notice the similarity with earth (a gravity object), air and funnel clouds. The pull of gravity from the gravity objects creates the black hole and the swirl of the other galaxy in the first place. While we may not be able to immediately see the gravity object, we know it lies on a line that is roughly perpendicular to the plane of the black hole. (Note that, to the extent that the gravity object is not on a line that is perpendicular to the plane of the black hole, it is because of the motion of the gravity object and the galaxy caused initially by the Big Bang.)
God’s love is abundant for this
Thank you for the comments about the sketches. I love the idea of a theme being passed around on this. Maybe I could make a page and you can send me anything you create on the theme, pictures writings etc? Just a thought?
Draped with a clean white sheet
1.2 Why is it a community?
No more money, no more fancy dress
“Stop freaking out!” the tiny voice inside my head keeps telling me “Just keep on working hard, and try not to hit the snack cupboard so often!”
Unfortunately, you may have to click for a larger view to see the differences between these two pictures. The one on the wood is actually another Amblyomma, this time Amblyomma maculatum, or the Gulf Coast Tick (which doesn’t actually always live on the gulf coast). These ticks are really big compared to other ticks (well, before they’re swollen, anyway) and can cause Gotch Ear in cattle (which is thickening of the ears, causing them to droop).
I love the colors, the feel, the way the yarn is made. It is also ridiculously warm.
But, at the end of the day, biosecurity is an impossibility – until you address the essence of the problem: which is public health for the poor, and the ecological sustainability of the city.
To lose weight, you need to use more calories than you take in; this is where exercise comes in. Not only does regular exercise help you get to an ideal weight, it can help you stay there too. Additionally, muscle burns more calories than fat, so building up your muscles will allow you to eat more while maintaining your weight. If you don’t exercise already, it is time to get started. A good goal for many people to work up to is exercising 4 to 6 times a week for 30 to 60 minutes at a time.
Hmmm… My thoughts today, was to write on ‘Hard work’. Before i started writing, i decided to check my mailbox. 1st message i saw was a ‘New Post’ alert from a blog owned by @weird_oo that i subscribed to. I clicked on it, and it turned out to be a video clip, i watched it, downloaded it (8.09MB) and i commented on the blog because the message couldn’t have been any clearer. The topic, was ‘Hard Work’. And i decided that i couldn’t have said anything better than what i was watching so i decided to re-blog it for my Day26 Post.
Possession of Michael becomes key between Lincoln and Jason with everything coming to a boiling point at the National Arm Wrestling Competition in Las Vegas, promising a big payoff to the winner, just enough for Lincoln to pay his debts, regain full possession of his son and live happily ever after. Gee, I wonder how things will turn out?
Harvi pondered why these men were reacting that way. Possibly it was a case of class struggle. The high draw players must be from the high society and must be oppressing these poor folks. The money spent on the hero attire was not in vain after all. They would stand him in good stead with the high society crowd. By now he was more or less near the spot where the high draw was supposed to be.
While under crimson sky the fields ignite.
Thank you again and I hope your hands get creatively dirty soon!
Followed by a confirmed Fruitloopmum fan giving an incredulous gawf ”Urm, didn’t you do a post a while back about your man rolling about laughing when you tried to do seduction in a bustier and high heels?”
Now, to code!
Tonight I had the great pleasure of being invited to one of my very dearest friends son's 21st. birthday dinner.
136. “Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. One fails forward toward success.” – Charles F. Kettering
A great tool for recognizing the lessons of your Ugly Mirrors is Byron Katie‘s Loving What Is. Better yet: here is her website, and The Work is available FREE on it…so you can start DOING IT NOW. Look at how she sets you up to examine your stuff, and realize you can completely let it go, loving it and releasing it: as many times as you need to, in whatever situations you find yourSelf. This may be a tremendous turning point for you.
Useful Documents:
Col 3:12-15 (Phi) As, therefore, God’s picked representatives, purified and beloved, put on that nature which is merciful in action, kindly in heart, and humble in mind. Accept life, and be most patient and tolerant with each other, always ready to forgive if you have a difference with anyone. Forgive as freely as the Lord has forgiven you. And, above everything else, be truly loving, for love binds all the virtues together in perfection. Let the peace of Christ guide all your decisions, for you were called to live as one united body; and always be thankful.
While it might somewhat reduce the price differential between the on- and off-trades, there is no guarantee that minimum pricing would actually do anything to tempt more people into pubs. Under any credible scenario, off-trade alcohol would still be substantially cheaper, and it wouldn’t give people a single extra penny to spend in pubs. Indeed, by squeezing house­hold budgets, it could end up reducing their discretionary spending. What is more, the study by the University of Sheffield that is used to underpin the argument for minimum pricing actually concludes that the most “beneficial” results would come from setting differential minimum prices for on- and off-trades, with that for pubs and bars more than twice as high.
I like this photo, also snapped from the train; as you can see, there is a mysterious pathway that leads to the Disneyland Navy Yard - Submarine Division. Cool! This was in the pre-"Nemo" years. Is that some sort of tool shed to the right, or did a pale and lonely security guard live there?
Kids are welcome, but please leave your pets at home.
Editor’s Note: You can read Joel Kotkin’s article at
They got to my friend, too. The second we arrived in Harpers Ferry she began saying she was craving bar-b-que. "We HAVE to get bar-b-que - right now!" she kept saying. This friend is a very careful eater. She rarely eats meat, is a yogi, has a sensitive stomach so she chooses what she eats mindfully. I should have seen it, but I was already so far into the spin of energy, I did not have the presence of mind to say, "You? You really want bar-b-que?" We ate smoked, bar-b-qued pork sandwiches and a mountain of fries. This is SO unlike my friend. She asked for more bar-b-que sauce, even. Imagine the most dainty eater you know chowing down on smoked pork? Huh?? It should have struck me as weird, but it seemed perfectly natural, the way the oddest things are normal in dreams.
I realized that small day trips or a few hours away, I can handle. Combine that with a full night away and it feels like I haven’t seen my child in an eternity. I honestly thought he was going to be crawling when we walked in that day after being gone for 24 hours.
So here’s the deal, I will post at least two blogs every week on Sunday and Thursday, more if I have the time, energy, inspiration or outrage. Two blogs a week on Domingo y Jueves. No matter what. The beginning will be bumpy, I will forget or remember and still not do it, but once I get into the hang of it, I will stick with it.
about collecting it and what to look for.
We also recycle in other ways… for example, my samples in the studio are only around for so long before we need to update them to newer images. When we update an image we offer our sample to our client at a greatly discounted rate so that these items are not being discarded. At our meeting we talked about other ways to reduce our waste including using LED lights, turning off our harddrives/computers which eat power and even looking into solar panels that could run our office equipment off solar energy. (Though will the wind at our new house, I’d say a well placed wind mill could power the neighborhood!).
4) Faith-background organizations tend to look and act secular, even though they may have a historical tie to a faith tradition. Faith-background programs have no explicit religious content or materials.
What happened to Peter’s authority?
What are your two pet peeves?
After several visits in the last few years along with his many notable collaborators (Greg Dulli, Isobel Campbell, Soulsavers), Mark Lanegan returned to Athens once more, this time for a solo gig with his own band. Thursday night at Fuzz Club it was time for a Blues Funeral.
I believe that inspiration is extrinsic, coming from environmental factors but motivation, at the core is intrinsic. It has to come from within. And essentially we are also searching for ourselves to a certain extent, it is those moments that we experienced when we encounter ‘life’ in a way that is unique to all of us that keeps us driving towards our goals and achieve what we are looking for.
I was surprised and just said something inane like, Well, I hope so. I got a lot of good questions. I enjoyed it blah blah blah.
In a small bowl, whisk the egg whites until foamy. Add the panko bread crumbs to a shallow dish or pie plate. Add a meatball to the egg whites and coat. Transfer to the bread crumbs and coat. Add a second layer of egg whites and bread crumbs – knocking off any excess. Set the croquette on a wax-paper lined sheet pan and repeat this process until you have used up all of the meat. Place the meatballs in the refrigerator for 20 minutes to allow the coating to set. This step is important so don't skip it.
So I sulked in my room with the door locked, listening to sad music and munching on chocolate. I was idly staring at the computer screen, feeling like there was nothing to do.
That’s how it is with me. And so the bookshelves at home are heaving with books that I have bought in this way. One day a visitor came and said: “Gosh, you’ve read a lot of books!” But why would I keep books that I have read on my bookshelves? My library is a library of books that have been read by others (for the most part – occasionally I find a proof copy of a book that has not yet been released!) but not by me.
Takara Kabuto Single Speed Road Bike (02780)
It's easy to see how the gold rush got started, isn't it? Even people like John Locke, who advocated much more intensive marketing strategies (and Locke's results speak for themselves, with him being one of the first self-pubbers past the million-sale mark) relied on fairly easily-accessible marketing channels, with Twitter being a particular favourite.
That doesn't mean our home needs to look like the Biltmore, but what God has provided for us, we should keep well and do our best to use to His honor and glory.
Shmitova LA. Contents of hexavalent chromium in biologicals substrates of pregnant and puerperant women working in production of chromium compounds. Gig Tr Prof Zabol 1990; 2: 33-35.
I called Pierre, distraught, Can you come over?
I am a muesli convert. I’m not ashamed.
I loved the cupcake I'd made for myself without caramel. It was moist and chocolatey, and you can indeed get a piece of pecan in every bite if you carefully plan your attack. I'm sorry not to be able to sample the caramel, but I can see it's not really "soft sticky," although it's plenty sticky. The ganache is delicious, but bears very little relation to mud. This is not a bad thing. I hope that someone requests these cupcakes to give me a chance to try them again.
In commercial lines during the first quarter, net premiums were down 2.8 percent to $1.54 billion but net premiums earned were up $50 million to $1.33 billion.
Parks says that, of the 65 trees, nine are dead and the remaining 56 are invasive species, have weak root systems or are compromising existing infrastructure. Three are being removed to create the ADA path. A parks spokeswoman added that “all of our plans for phase one were approved by all the appropriate agencies, and we will continue working with them as we move forward to develop this site.”
In these Arms
Some of olive oil.
Many, many years later, I revisited this whole bizarre time in my life. It felt like someone else's memories had been downloaded into my brain. Was that really me? Was I really that zealous and blindly accepting? What the Hell did my mother think about the whole thing? What made me decrease my commitment to my church and my religion?
The first step in the right direction was something no one could have predicted: spring-like weather in February. The day I landed it was 55 and the day after it was 62. This might not seem like a revelation, but I used to work in NYC. I remember what February could be like there. This was a blessing.
But the eyes looked nothing alike, so whoever the sister was, it wasn’t either of them. Besides, none of these eyes glittered with malice. No, the malice was in the Van Raighans, and he needed to stop Rissad.
This case takes place in the same week as two police officers, accused of raping a Johannesburg woman, were granted R2000 bail in the Alexandra Magistrate's Court.
One teaspoon sesame oil
The world is wondering on various topics. What will the newly minted billionaires & millionaires do with all their monies? Has the free publicity by the media over the years turned FB into the household name it is today? Is the company really worth $100 billion with only about $4 billion in revenues and $1 billion in profits? What kind of person is Mark Zuckerberg? Will his focus now shift to catering to his shareholders and making more money for them? Will he now start selling your and my information to companies looking to leverage the data for various reasons including selling us what we may or may not want? How much information should we make public on social networking sites? Is anything ever private? What is the future of Facebook (FB)? What modes will FB adopt to grow its revenues and what controversies will that cause? Do I still want to continue on FB? Is spending a few minutes to an hour daily on FB a waste of my time? As a user, how is it that I am not making a single penny while my data is worth something to someone out there? So on and so forth……
I came home and had a really good, long cry. I cried because I couldn't bring myself to have a genuinely happy heart helping the kids in my group. (Kendall was in a different class around the corner...maybe if she had been in my group it would have been different) I cried because while the other kids were learning of God's love and the message, all I could think about was why He couldn't have made Kendall like the rest of the kids. When the kids were doing arts and crafts, Kendall was in a room by herself with her nurse because she couldn't get a grip and would have been disturbing the other kids. It sucks. It isn't fair. And all inclusion did for me today was make me (and Kendall) sad.
Although the First World War, the Bolshevik Revolution, and subsequent civil war in Russia form an historical backdrop, their keynote events are hardly mentioned. It is history’s impact on individuals that concerns Pasternak.
It’s not that I don’t love my friends, old and new. I think the world of them. When I am with them I am happy as a clam. But I am not an instigator and friendship needs instigation for some people. Others can be friends with out it, but they are rare. I suppose that is the point. I’m a hermit. Now where’s my shell.
We need a study that really lives up to Abella’s subtitle and takes a more jaundiced view of RAND’s geniuses, Nobel prize winners, egghead gourmands and wine connoisseurs, Laurel Canyon swimming pool parties, and self-professed saviors of the Western world. It is likely that, after the American empire has gone the way of all previous empires, the RAND Corporation will be more accurately seen as a handmaiden of the government that was always super-cautious about speaking truth to power. Meanwhile, Soldiers of Reason is a serviceable, if often overwrought, guide to how strategy has been formulated in the post-World War II American Empire.
“Oh but how old friends are acting strange
Pid == Product Id, allocated by the company within their Vid to identify the product
Straight Talk is offering several plans.
If Chris Carpenter is healthy, the Cardinals will contend. If Chris Carpenter is out for long stretches of time, the Cardinals will still contend. Remember the script from last year, when co-ace Adam Wainwright missed the entire season, thus supposedly signifying a St. Louis collapse? See how that worked out? It’s old hat at this point, but the Cardinals are such a sound organization that they’re able to retool and rehab pitchers while plugging bit players and aging vets into the lineup. If the Reds underachieve (which is always a possibility with that franchise), St. Louis could once again take the division, although the loss of Albert Pujols is going to be tougher than
While the screen is huge, the phone doesn’t feel big. It’s slightly larger and thicker than the Galaxy S II, but still feels comfortable in my hands. At 4.7 ounces, it’s .6 ounces heavier than the Galaxy S II and about .1 ounce heavier than the HTC One X. The S III is however, thinner compared to the One X — .3 inches versus .35 inches.
"No more," Tobias grunted, "no more. The hammer and the anvil about near to killin' me, and I reckon I've had my fill." The words sounded loud even above the low roar of the forge. Red highlights flickered on the burnished iron of the anvil, impish eyes beckoning the smith from where he stood. The anvil. Tobias squinted at in a sudden burst of desperate inspiration. He had been between the hammer and the anvil near all his life since he became a man, and his heart was sick from it. The horn of the anvil seemed to glow, and Tobias knew what to do.
I was also lucky enough to get some spending money too, so I took a trip to Spins and Needles today :)
1/2 tsp ground cumin
½ cup heavy cream
Later that night the terrorists struck Bombay in a coordinated assault aimed at killing as many innocents as they could get hold of.
As a golfer you wouldn’t play in the Masters with six clubs in your bag and I think it’s important to project that we have the full 14 club selection that you need to be a champion; and every day at Sperry Van Ness we are helping our clients and customers not only with their day-to-day real estate requirements, but if they need a club for that special situation, we can pull the right club and strategy out of the bag and help our clients make the shot that they need and the decision process to make the right choice in commercial real estate.
Power Coaching
Fact; If the seal is broken on your package you get in the mail, contact your supplier. (‘:
From this you can see I have renamed my file, which you are about to read about.
The next time I saw Jessica, I was jumping over myself to tell her about my amazing Korean disovery. And Jessica, all cool, was like, "Yeah, I have a jar of that stuff in my fridge right now."
To be understood emotionally is a powerful tool of healing, and one that cannot be forced or trained. That is not to say that a “professional” cannot show understanding, but mealy having knowledge is not a guarantee that the person will truly understand.
Almost Monday, have a good week y'all!
"Do not let great ambitions overshadow small success."
Every would-be writer would be wise to read Pride and Prejudice, and then read it again.
If Mary-Emma sewed one more lacy bit for one more wedding, she would … she would … She had no idea what she would do, really, and not having that idea, shoved the handkerchief into the sewing basket with remarkable vigor.
"Yes, Our Lady was conceived without stain of Original Sin. She committed no Actual Sin in her life. We must aspire to root out sin and selfishness from our lives by embracing our crosses with joy, yes, with joy, for each and every one that comes our way. Each cross has been fashioned for us from all eternity by the very hand of God Himself. It is the means of our purification from sin, the means of sanctifying and thus saving our own souls, the means by which we can offer to the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus through her own Sorrowful and Immaculate Heart whatever merit we gain for bearing it without gratitude and with love..."
I am honored to introduce Rob Sharenow, winner of the 2012 gold medal in the Sydney Taylor Book Award’s TeenReaders Category for The Berlin Boxing Club published by HarperTeen. This historical novel reveals the history of Nazi Germany through the eyes of Karl Stern, a typical 14-year-old German boy. Karl never gave much thought to being Jewish and had little connection with any religious life. When classmates bully Karl, he is forced to face the dangers in his own community. Given the opportunity to learn boxing from German champion Max Schmeling, Karl jumps at the chance. He grows strong and learns to defend himself. But as the Nazi’s gain power and his family is in peril, Karl questions who he can trust. The Berlin Boxing Club is a riveting read - bringing history to life in a compelling story that will inspire readers of all ages.
BF: I’ve had about six murder attempts myself. One of my colleagues, a CIA guy, was recently poisoned with ricin by these guys.
309) sharing a good laugh with my daughter this afternoon
Then, as I gave myself time to listen to the rest of the album, I fell deeply in love with “This Is What Makes Us Girls“, and recently “Summertime Sadness“. Despite my initial wariness, I’ve slowly but surely gotten over it and have accepted her style as is. Plus, I appreciate the theme of the album. The musical theme that is; same guitar distortion, the dude who just yells randomly over the beginning/middle/end and that very haunting violin. She really captures that All-American love story essence that she is obviously trying to portray.
I am a fourth year law student with a keen interest in the issue, and even I don't understand the current law. This severely hampers my ability to set up a business venture that might involve publication of potentially infringing content on the internet (not that I have any such plans at the moment!). But if not for any other reason, let's at least clarify the law for the promising Indian start ups that want to create such products and services.
6. Most POD houses were scams
"It used to be about doing something, now it is about becoming something."Yes, I think she was looking at you, Blair, and the current incumbent who is also just treading water until his lucrative book deal and lecture tour - not to mention the legions of lobbyists acting solely in the interest of their next grant or subsidy, to the detriment of the populace as a whole.
At the centre of all job grading for executives, is the budget. The man with the biggest budget (I use the term man deliberately) gets the most points and is the King of the game. All executives know this. It matters not that the work that you do may have a bigger impact, budget trumps all.
*for overseas readers: Jeremy Kyle is a cross between a TV shock jock and a relationship counsellor. He counsels the sort of people who think it's a good idea to go on TV to resolve their issues. It's the televisual equivalent of bear-baiting in a 19th century lunatic asylum.
Both fighters are circling. Leg kick from Ettling. A weak jab from Ettling, and Marx makes him pay with a hard right hand counter!
The process may not be taking the route I would have preferred in getting past this fiasco and there are days I feel like it is not even doing what the hell it is supposed to do but it is: it is teaching me to fill the emptiness and the voids with ME. It is removing the rotting wood and dead weight; it reminds me of my accomplishments, my strengths, and my triumphs. It is showing me my mistakes and reminding me that whatever I feel I deserve is still not enough…when I want to settle for treetops, it pushes me towards stars…the process shows me that while I think the limit is the sky, in actuality the sky is nowhere near the limit. The process is taking the empty vessel I was and filling it with rising levels of self-everythings. The power of the past is no match for the positive power of self and this is what the process is giving me…a positive self-image.
Responding to a reporter’s question about appointing a non-Malaysian as head of a Government-linked company, what with the Inspira model originating as a Mitsubishi Lancer GT, Khamil said that the Inspira was only ‘inspired’ by the Japanese automaker’s model, not an exact copy. “To say that the Inspira is Japanese is like calling a Malaysian who graduated from Harvard University an American! That would be very silly,” he retorted, to the laughter from the audience. “We are proud of the CEO’s Malaysian heritage and spirit, and have no doubt about its loyalty.”
“I didn’t want a crazy picture or gossip story to break the news… so I decided to say nothing and proudly show my baby bump. I felt it was more powerful to see the love and enthusiasm as opposed to saying anything”, Beyonce tells Bazaar.
After today’s success, we’ll be holding more campaign days very soon to make sure Boris is kicked out of City Hall on May 3rd!
Enjoy the rest of the Blog Hop!
At Rick’s Cafe American , you can get a bacon bap and a cup of tea for about £3.00, bargain!
THE PRESIDENT: Class, be seated.
AAS3 step 2
depth without substance
The percussive sound of hundreds of pills shaking in their bottles announced the passing by of said nurse, struggling to keep a steady grip on a tray of medication whilst humming La Marseillaise at 240 beats per minute and blinking like a heavily-oiled sash window in a frame coated with flubber. The doctor turned back to face Craig. “Mr Wenceslas, please keep your voice down. It is all well and good you understanding that your grandmother does not technically belong here, but that is beside the point. Gladys came in for treatment 3 hours ago but, unfortunately, today is a very busy day for us and still no member of my staff is available to treat her. Now, new NHS guidelines say that if we are unable to get a patient in and out in less time than it takes to watch JFK then the correct practice is to have them incinerated.” At this point he gestured towards a TV-and-VCR trolley in the corner of the waiting room. “As you can see, the credits are now rolling – it’s too late; any second now we’ll see Oliver Stone’s name on the screen. So you’ve got a choice: either you remove your grandmother from the premises or you help me find some kindling and we chuck her in the furnace – so what do you say?”
Both Shell and Enbridge projects have lacked proper analysis of Treaty and Indigenous rights and meaningful and proper consultation with impacted communities. The JRP of the Enbridge pipelines has seen First Nation communities stand up in opposition in community after community asserting their connection to the land and culture are far greater then the piece meal profits and jobs they would get from the project.
Sligo have four points so far, but Jason McGuinness has won three of those four with stoppage time goals. Sligo have yet to sparkle but have been hampered with a red card in both their league games so far. Bohs are still pointless and are in the middle of a very difficult league opening to their season.
Closet Designs
Happening to glance round at my companion, what was my surprise to see him take off his clothes and lay them by the roadside. My heart sank down to my boots at the sight, and there I stood, rooted to the
Thank you for your prompt response to my mail. I must assure you that this transaction is 100% risk free to you before and after it is been completed. All I require from you is your maximum co-operation to enable this transaction sail through,the total amount is 19MILLION united state dollar.
In my perspective, the Dalai Lama is the embodiment of goodness. If we all emulated his compassionate attitude—one that is positive, uplifting, constructive, and healing—the world would be a very different place.
to not think…. “oh, next week…next month….next year”…
Here's my Justy doing one of many summer projects. At least I hope there will be many. I gotta keep this girl busy. I remember when I was a kids, my Auntie would take us to do all sorts of things and we'd make all sorts of crafts. I want to build memories like that with my kiddies.
I just love this MFT flower die. It embosses the petals perfectly. I had to pull out my pretty Girls' Paperie paper that my sweet friend Lynn bought me while I was living in AL and couldn't get to and Archiver's. Thanks again Lynn. I am currently hoarding this paper. :)
Dr. Richard Jewel Rose
But i may dare to share some reflection with you...
But Fernandez pulled off a remarkable comeback on the back of a brisk economic expansion and an outpouring of public sympathy. She was re-elected with 54 percent of the vote, promising to stay true to her policies despite objections from Wall Street and international investors.
The determinedly grim, cement set of her cheerless chops is becoming one of the wonders of the age. She’s making everyone depressed.
It’s impossible to escape our upbringing. Unconscious attitudes can be pretty hard to shake. To recognize and overcome them is to grow.
2 humanity
All these custom orders were so much fun to create, and it gave me an idea. Custom design listings on Etsy! It is sometimes hard to find exactly what you are looking for, especially for themed parties. I have the solution. With these new listings we will work together to design a dress that is perfect for your little one.
May you have a great day!
Find me. Please. The words synch perfectly with Agnieszka’s lips.
Gregory Alan Clark, 40, Teaneck, N.J.
But now, at forty, with even bigger boobs, and serious limitations I won't even begin to list, all that losing has caught up with me. I don't want to be slow anymore. Or medium with good form WHATEVER ALREADY. I want to win.
Only one story has haunted me forever, and you don't want to promise to do that to me again. (Shirley Jackson's THE LOTTERY in case you're wondering.)
I'm thankful for my new job. I'm thankful for a family that loves me. But most importantly, I'm thankful for God's grace through Christ in my life, even though I don't deserve it. I'll update you guys soon on what the Lord is doing in my new job and in this next stage of my life. In the meantime, what is He doing in yours?
Borrish has taught me lessons posthumously as is only proper for such a fine dog. I am going to remember Borrish in every piece that I do, so that I might progress and be productive. Remembrance of Borrish was the purpose of this piece, after all.
~1Tb ground coriander
5. Nkosi Johnson, child who died of AIDS (1989–2001)
After 20 minutes of lying there I gave up and made coffee.
The only need for comment here is to note that there is absolutely no need to comment on the profundity of what Suta has just said in verses 19 and 20. The next group of verses will allow us to be a “fly-on-the-wall” and listen in on some samples of this divine chatter.
GET INSTANT EVEN AT 2 AM GUARANTEDD
In other news, yesterday was a day for submissions. So...many...submissions. Too, I wrote, edited and submitted a 5000 word daemon-mummy story ("The Unwrapping Party"), something which I do NOT recommend, even if you're as big a fan of daemon-mummies as I am.
days spent in the dirt
Kaden started off the trip with a befuddled look of concern on his face, as he often does when we go to a new place. He is a very observant child, and he just sort of quietly takes in new surroundings. He warmed up a bit towards the end though, and I think he had a lot of fun. He tried to ingest two seashells, but luckily Uncle Tyler and Aunt Lauren caught this before he choked to death. He wasn't too interested in eating the sand. Mostly he just held out his fingers and looked at me with an expression that seemed to be asking, "Why aren't you wiping this mess off of me?" We didn't get to the beach until his afternoon nap time, so he did surprisingly well staying content with a missed nap--I guess that is the beauty of distraction.
Take the kids or borrow some kids if you don't have any of your own. Personally, my family are "treating" the grandparents to an outing. Tomorrow we're piling in a van and headed out to a discovery museum a couple hours from our home where we'll look at cool bugs and all sorts of other weird things.
Next up, Allendale Pale Ale is a 5.5% very pale golden take on a new world American pale ale. This beer speaks with plenty of hugely perfumed mango, papaya, tropical fruit and citric notes in the aroma (i'm guessing a dry hopping of citra hops?). The palate then gives more papaya, mango and tropical fruit over a light malt body and some very sappy (yet subtle) hop resins linger in the finish. A very sexy pale ale indeed, this isn't your typical Allendale beer but closer to something you would expect from the likes of Roosters or Magic Rock. Slick and clean on the fermentation and malt flavours with lots of resonating leafy citric hops. This would be great for the summer, so its a shame its a freezing cold febuary night.
Does anybody know how much taxpayer dollars the Youth Advocacy Office spent on those glossy magazines? We spotted cartons and cartons of them in a dumpster.
We are planning a memorial service for September at Leaming's Run Gardens, one of her favorite spots.
At their request and suggestion.
We had a fun, whirlwind of a week! We visited Avila Barn (above), and then Avila Beach before ending up at the Splash Cafe for dinner...Boy that place was crowded!
I was that close. And then I saw the photograph of my family hanging above the fireplace. I thought about them, and everything I had to lose, and the promises I had made all those years ago. And I threw the bottle against the wall.
So you are being very counter intuitive here with how you are positioning the conversation.
As for telling my best friend I love her…well that’s gotten easy since last year’s “I challenge you to love month”…but thus far I haven’t gotten very creative with telling it to anyone else, in whatever way, shape, or form (I have…erm, avoided that part). I have realized though that if I try to tell someone I care, I often joke about it, or I do it full on, using words, but completely shutting myself off emotionally…even if people probably understand that if I manage to croak out all those words, I probably have emotions under the shell.
Ugh! It was so nerve wracking. Of course, there has been great discussion about locking the doors now. At first, when we moved in, I was bothered by the fact that we couldn’t lock the doors (the landlord doesn’t have a key and has never locked the doors), but I let it go. Until now. The landlord insists that we still don’t need to lock the doors as the police office indicated that the kid who invaded our home (and another single ladies' home that same day) was a foster kid from down the road who was about 18 with a 3rd grade mentality and is “harmless”. This kid is said to not be able to have sodium because too much causes him to have heart attack-like symptoms. Since he is not allowed to have certain foods, he goes into other people’s homes and eats whatever he wants.
Chinese, Jewish and white storeowners in America are targeted by rioters for the same reason that Chinese storeowners in Indonesia are. Because they are members of an outside group who are working hard and getting ahead and that is the worst imaginable crime to people who believe that success through honest work is impossible. That anyone who succeeds has taken advantage of a rigged system and is exploiting them to get ahead.
just call occasionally to talk about the weather and who showed up in
Sam: I can’t say that I have formal training in writing other than what was taught in school and classes taken in college. As far as my educational background goes, I graduated from Dean College majoring in Liberal Arts with a concentration in Mathematics. I currently attend Bridgewater State University where I’m finishing up another degree in Mathematics. Interestingly enough, I find that there is a huge correlation between my love for writing and my love of math. There’s an artistry to math just as there is an artistry to writing and the pursuit for things making sense of a situation, problem solving, and logical progression of a circumstances exists for both seemingly opposing subjects.
The observation raises some questions about my own faith, though. Do I follow Jesus because of the magic tricks as the implications immediately after the events in Cana? Am I just after the miracles or is my following Christ deeper than that? Have I matured to understand what he really came to do? Do I get stuck on the external, visible manifestation of his glory to have faith in him? Or because of my ongoing relationship with him, am I confident that he is who he says he is?
NL Holdem Basics Video 2
"Oh," thought the tree, "if tonight would only come! If only the candles were lit! And after that, what happens then? Will the trees come trooping out of the woods to see me? Will the sparrows flock to the windows? Shall I take root here, and stand in fine ornaments all winter and summer long?"
A bonus is an outlined stipulation for the Publisher to pay the author an advance sum beyond the original advance negotiated when certain parameters have been triggered.
Everyone! Yes, everyone!
Eye, Echo Park, Peachy Keen and many more of your favorites! All
It's a great feeling, and I have many homes here on earth that I can come home to. My brothers' houses, my sister's house, my church, or my in-laws have become homes away from home, but nothing compared to the home I have with my wife and kids. The chance to relax and laugh with my family, or lounge and play a game or watch a movie.
amazing reserves of contrariness by maintaining a hosepipe ban. Presumably this is not, as the media and water authorities are telling us, in order to conserve a diminished resource, but really because they’re worried about people going all prune-like and wrinkly from sheer exposure, leading to national shortages of towels, anti-wrinkle cream and Keith Richards headbands which would bring the economy
So let me give a basic example.
We gave Lucien big hugs and told him how proud we were of him. His smile took up his entire face. We headed out of the school with our arms all wrapped around each other because we were all so proud and happy.
This morning I woke up at 5 a.m. I wrote a post for my part-time writing gig. I surfed around the Internet. I read for a bit. Now, I'm writing this post. It was nice to have two whole hours to myself to do stuff I wanted to do. Of course, I wanted to sleep too, but I didn't have time for that and everything else! I guess I'll just try to keep squeezing the most out of the hours I have.
One of Hollywood’s most intriguing mysteries re-surfaced today as a photo of actress Natalie Wood taken in 1985, (Photo on left) four years after her death, was published in the Hollywood Underground News tabloid.
The story of Karna has got to do a lot with how a girl’s curiosity for a “gift” led her to a miserable life which became a curse not only for her but also for her great son whose life was plagued with injustice. It can aptly be said that it is a story of a tragic hero who had royal blood in him but was never considered royal; leave aside the respect and honour he deserved. It is a story in which a warrior gave his life for friendship, even though it meant being on the opposite side of his brothers the Pandavas(who knew nothing of karna’s existence till he was killed by one of them, namely Arjun).
that practice came ease and familiarity with simmering our 90k word masterpiece into pure concentrated glory. Use this as another writing exercise so, when the time comes to finally make an announcement, you can rip out a press release and send it to your editor so fast her head will spin.
Citation Analysis
It is only fair that font designers get paid. It takes hours of work, tremendous talent, and nearly obsessive attention to detail to make a good font.
Of course the beautiful thing at the time was I had no idea of my own precarious fertility. It was slipping away with every visit I made to each teen mom. It was sliding through my fingers as I consoled their crying newborns while they tried to take a test. It was declining while I scrambled to find them a carseat so they could take their baby home from the hospital, while I filled in as a Lamaze coach, while I stood knocking in the freezing cold only to learn the house I was visiting, where my student and her newborn lived, had been raided by the police the night before, nearly everyone arrested on drug charges. But I had no idea--the world 'infertile' wasn't in my vocabulary. I was there to teach, to listen, to hold, to help--to make a damned difference!-- and when I cried for their sad and seemingly impossible situations I am grateful now that I had no idea what loomed ahead for me, for my sad and seemingly impossible situation, or I would surely have come apart at the seams.
ISBN 0385618042
But today, I see you differently. I respect you. Not because of your voice or your song writing abilities. I respect you because of the time you’ve given for our troops. I know that you recently took a trip to Afghanistan to perform for soldiers there. I know because my husband was among them.
Happy Thanksgiving! We have a lot to be Thankful for!
Happy New Year everyone! I haven't posted since before the New year, so I wanted to be sure that I wished you all a wonderful and creative new year. There are some great new releases from the McMahon Five Designs Store today. Sooo cute. I wanted to make a bookmark with a couple of them, but do you all notice something wrong with this picture? LOL, guess I wasn't thinking that this was going to be quite bulky to fit between the pages of a book. Oh well, my daughter likes it, so hers it is. ;)
Up 2nd, down 3rd access. Mostly stuck to hiking today. Snuck in the odd running-like step here and there on the way down.
The highlight of 2011 was for me The Queen of England visiting Ireland where the Cork people impressed her with their hospitality.She gave the royal seal of approval to Cork walking and chatting in the Old English Market and shaking hands in the Grand Parade with the school children.Prof. John A Murphy entertained her with old Irish tales and presented her with a silk shawl.She later declared Cork was the highlight of her Irish tour.It was a momentous moment for Anglo Irish relations where the Queen personalised the English monarchy and won Irish hearts.Ireland once again hit international news with the visit of Barack Obama and who told us is feidir linn.He visited his old roots in Moneygall and was received by our President in the Aras.An open aired concert was held in his honour in Dublin.Austerity cuts were never far from the headlines and it culminated in a two day budget.The Fianna Fail government collapsed after accepting the EU/IMF bailout.The furious public voted them out of power.The huge payouts continued: banks and the credit unions.Amazingly, the Irish beat the British at cricket.Here are a list of some other things that stood out for me in the year.In January the Civil Partnership Act came into effect allowing civil partnerships where heterosexual and homosexual cohabiting couples have the same rights.Met Éireann confirmed that December 2010 was the coldest on record, with a temperature of -17.5°C recorded in Straide, County Mayo, on Christmas Day.The Taoiseach, Brian Cowen, resigned his position as leader of the Fianna Fáil party.The Green Party withdrew from the coalition government, making an immediate general election necessary.In late Jan 2011 Fianna Fáil’s Micheál Martin was elected party leader of Fianna Fail while Brian Cowen continued as taoiseach.On 26th January the British prime minister, David Cameron announced that Sinn Féin’s Gerry Adams has resigned from the British parliament by nominal appointment as Crown Steward and Bailiff of the Manor of Northstead.On 28th January a fireball exploded in the Irish atmosphere. Astronomy Ireland appealed to the public to report sightings.
Frost, P. (2006). European hair and eye color - A case of frequency-dependent sexual selection? Evolution and Human Behavior, 27, 85-103.
Atlanta, GA – As Northside Hospital, long touted as the East Coast’s most voluminous “Baby-Delivery hospital, prepares for the largest baby boom since World War II ended, parent’s across the nation are making OB appointments for their post-prom teenage daughters. Once thought a mere myth, the “Prom Baby” phenomenon is expected to drop female College entrance rates by over 50%, single-handedly rebuilding the glass-ceiling and throwing the United States into a June Cleaver-like state, mirroring the 1950’s, and making the common housewife the largest growing career over the next decade.
For further information and to obtain an application pack, interested parties are advised to email Daisy Cross at the Department for Business, Innovation & Skills (BIS).
Many of these exercises were combined, in a sense, by the Neo-platonics such as Plotinus, though they were combined with a denigration of this world largely foreign to these older schools. For Plotinus argued we should strive for mystical ecstasy with the whole of the cosmos, and the best way to do this is focus on Intellect, which is the order or reason of things, the force which creates all and orders all.
Heart is soul.
My oh my but what a difference ONE DAY can make in our lives, eh?
OMG! I also just remembered! A sorority sister of mine has finally gotten an answer as to why she has been so sick for years! Read about her journey and her remarkable discovery that happened today! I started crying, I was just so happy for her! God bless you JoAnna!
Myth or legend: The myth of The Fates. Clotho, Lachesis and Atropos--the spinners and weavers and snippers of our lives who don't mind if a random thread of chance comes into their tapestry now and then.
then the biblical testimony is explored;
My editor at Scholastic writes books, and it made me happy when I found out too.
Gone are the days of being too nauseated to eat anything.
The mdf base has been undercoated with Gesso and painted with Parlour Cream chalk emulsion, then stamped with a letter stamp by Hero Arts. A piece of music paper, with the edges inked, has been attached in the middle but this is only visible in small places. Versamark has been dabbed on the side edges then embossed with Ancient Gold embossing enamel.
To Temper:
At the end of the shoot, after Bay has killed Zombie Emmett, they all celebrate with a birthday cake for our troubled teen. He and Bay take a drive, stopping to smooch, but Emmett can’t get his transgression out of his mind. When he pulls away, Bay, somewhat angrily, reminds him that they’ve made it through the deaf/hearing thing, Ty, the custody battle, and declaring their love, so now he has to decide if he’s really with her. Forsaking his chance to come clean, Emmett opts to keep his secret, declaring he is with Bay. You just know this will blow up… soon. Those two really haven’t ever had a chance to be a happy couple, have they?
He is still cheesy though. I’ll prove it:
Thick slices of country bread, soaked in whole milk, eggs, vanilla and sugar then pan fried in butter.
i am very proud to introduce you to alexis petty: artist, designer, gallerist and art/world facilitator. i met her on a couch in a living room on a cliff once, then in a 7-11 parking lot, later at night on a beach. she's one of the truest people i know.
Ready. Set. Here we go!
Are you planning on attaching anything sentimental to your bouquet?
Sometimes I think that people believe that Will, my Dad, and I have a huge warehouse somewhere in Nevada filled with "Super 5" variants, which we are leaking into the market at inflated values, and this is why we talk them up so much. Not so. (All I'm admitting to here is that the warehouse is not FILLED with them.)
Don’t say I didn’t warn you.
Other than this weekend, not much has happened. We are fully moved into the duplex. I just have a lot on my mind and can’t think of anything else to write today. Just know that I love you, and I’m happy that I get to meet you soon. We have another appointment tomorrow, so we’ll see what happens then.
It’s her life and she has to live it. I can’t live it for her. She is aware of her choices and there are many people who will be quick to point out that this is my problem, not hers. Others will jump to tell me that I should keep this stuff to myself.
Gerald! Look! Look! I am invited to a party!
I really WANT to write a big ol' long post about the cool trip to Washington, D.C. I just took with a friend and all of the fun stuff we got to do and see and all of the WONDERFUL food we got to eat and how we saw real, honest-to-goodness rain while we were there and how traveling well together is an art form and how much the D.C. Metro system made me long for something useful and practical like that in Austin. But I can't. Not right now, anyway. Work has been steadily pissing me off and kicking my ass since I walked in the door yesterday, and there are no signs of it letting up any time soon.
**Sew buttons in place about 4 rows down from the top of front.
1 regulate
“I would agree with that if they had any kind of actual moral authority, but they don’t, because they don’t ever support any women who don’t support their very narrow agenda. So they should just rename themselves and say what they’re really for, and stop pretending like they really care about the advancement for women.”
“The (secretary-general Datuk) Long See Wool of Ministry of Transport sits on the Malaysia Airports board. How can he be objective and play fair to the airlines?” he asked.
Emmett and Bay later have an intense video chat. Emmett sobs that she promised to stay out of it, while Bay defends her actions by saying she was worried about the dangers of him living with a drug dealer. Personally, I feel Bay was in an unwinnable situation, but acted out of maturity and love. Emmett is too angry too see this, just feeling betrayed and overprotected. When the video freezes, out of raw emotion, he punches the wall, clearly hurting his hand.
Chocolate Mascarpone Ganache
So when I just read through a free eBook written by a confidence coach, giving tips on how to be more confident I couldn’t help but notice that 16 out of the 70 tips were negative instructions or ‘don’ts’!
So I'm re-reading one of my favourite books at the moment, the series is called 'Monster Blood Tattoo,' written by fellow Australian, D. M. Cornish. The first book in the series is called 'Foundling,' and it is just a beautiful book in soooo many ways.
Blogging is a great way to connect to people and get support from someone or give support to someone in your similar situation.
If I was being facetious I’d make the following mild suggestion? Carling and Foster’s are great. Worth every penny of the 50p a can. I love the stuff and would only drink something else if it was 40p a can or even 30p. If you want to sell grog for more why not look at the grog that does sell for more quite regularly. The shelves are full of premium priced Ales & Lager’s that even when discounted go for 2 bottles for £3. These tend to a bit more flavourful and authentic. It’s only an observation, like. There appears to be a market among people that want to pay more and think of themselves as more discerning piss heads than the common rabble, and it’s clear what they are after.
LÄPPLE: Ratzinger found much more than his teacher had suggested he look for. He documented with an inconceivable quantity of quotations what Saint Augustine meant when he defined the Church as the People of God. The same expression that was to be reproposed only much time later by Vatican Council II and by Paul VI. But Ratzinger didn’t set the two
So there he was, the fucking auto-rickshaw driver, holding up another hundred rupee note and a convoluted face accusing me of screwing up for a second time.
Only a madman or a fool (or an adrenaline junkie) would rush headlong into danger without pausing. Most heroes don’t go looking for danger, let alone run toward it. They find themselves in a situation, they scope it out, they deal with it. They react afterward.
aggrieved after reading the organ
ME: Well, I'm Mrs. ____. Could I help you?
I think he has a point. I can’t help but think of Neil Postman’s clairvoyant Amusing Ourselves to Death. The idea that we’ve become a Nation of and for Entertainment. Dulce in extremis.
Because doing anything else is just disgusting on a really visceral level. And I'll shut up about it now.
Check out this decidedly 70s piece of sci-fi memorabilia: a Close Encounters Of The Third Kind hologram pendant! This ad appeared in Starlog #15, back in the Spring/Summer of 1978. Cool.
She smiled, thinking that the doctor was going to accept her request.
Maybe not my classic family photo display, but perhaps way cooler than your Sears portrait session circa 1973? And, my whole stairwell is now filled with art for less than $45!
I have a confession. I am about to post a whole bunch of photos that I’m not that happy with. I’m not even sure why I’m not that happy with them; I think it’s because they’re just a bit… nothing-y. It’s also because I discovered that the Lightroom beta I was working with had expired, and before the full version I’d ordered had turned up, so I had to use the Photoshop CS6 beta’s Camera Raw, and it just felt all messy and unsatisfying. So frankly I was considering not bothering with a post at all, but then I thought that posting them may actually be quite productive when it comes to learning what to do better in the future, and also it’s been a while since I posted anything at all. So, here goes.
Got any old blinds just laying around collecting dust? Well, as you know, floor mats are then new “in” thing in interior décor. You could pay several hundred dollars for one of these at your favorite local import store. Or, you can make your own for nothing. Just unroll the blind, cut away the cords used for rolling it up and cut your desired shape and size. No need to sew, stitch or glue anything since most blinds are made from pvc or plastic. This is a great floor covering for a kitchen, bath, closet or kid’s room because you can just damp mop when it gets a little soiled.
I didn't leave the ranch this week as usual, so I made do with my surroundings.
I started buying pepitas (hulless pumpkin seeds) a couple of years ago to add to my favorite salad. The only thing I don't like about them is they're quite expensive to buy, and the thought of shelling thousands of homegrown pumpkin seeds myself was a bit daunting, so I was happy to find a variety that would produce them naturally.
This shows the power and ambiguity, also, of what Back to Back do to the notion of performance. David Woods is the only actor without disability, and his is, in the conventional sense, a brilliant performance. There is no question, at any time, that the rest of the cast isn't making a performance: this is the company's counter-argument to the bitter notion of their being "freak porn". But these actors bring another edge, a sense of perilous exposure that is intensified under Gladwin's impeccably sure direction. I can't think of another company which so foregrounds the knowledge that this work is being made, in each moment, before our eyes: it is a great part of why the audiences becomes so deeply involved.
We are willing to listen to evidence, we do not seek to stuff our convictions down people’s throats, but we do have certain convictions based on biblical principles, also bolstered by pragmatic, sociological evidence.
So, this is what you get:
Dear Mr. Weinstein,
We managed to make it home, change, get lunch together, and be at the pool by 11:30pm. Only 30 mintues late. Helen was already there, and Katy got there about 5 minutes after us. At least she was running late too - hehehe.
I felt guilty for being so happy. I have friends fighting this horrendous disease. Ken's friend lost his battle to cancer this past Monday and they laid him to rest today.
The giveaway will close on Saturday, August 27th, at midnight CST. Please make sure you aren't a no-reply blogger, or if you are, please leave an email address where I can contact you to arrange for your prize.
Southampton Publick House Double White Ale
Thank goodness she let me wear Fluevogs, or I'd be barefoot! This is my locally-made Smoking Lily cape worn as a skirt, and a Smoking Lily jacket, Fluevogs on my feet (Freeda, take note), and a Shi Studio belt. Ta-dah! All local.
The system-wide corruption within the Metropolitan Police in the 1960s was supposedly partially cleaned-up.
She flipped her visor up. “Yeah. What’s up?”
This began as an idea for large fashion show for FaerieCon, but in the end it was two gowns I designed and made using Warwick Goble illustrations as a visual guideline. Jen designed and made us both jewelry and crowns!!! selecting stones, glass and finishes to complement the luxurious fabrics - with magical results.
I wanted to wrap up this weeks pin challenge and share some highlights with you from this week! A major highlight this week was it was casual dress all week! Since my company turns 50 this year we have a total of 50 casual dress days! I see a lot of shopping in my near future! Another highlight of the week was getting to see Nora Jones perform... at my office!! Nora Jones came and put on a private concert for my company this past Tuesday!
3. Dark Chocolate Ganache Insert
For see, my friend goes shaling and white;
As it turns out, the bird was pretty smart. Who knew? It managed to make its way out of the window in record time. As for me, I spent a good part of the afternoon, and three bottles of Lysol wipes, erasing all traces of my bird friend’s visit. That’ll teach me to not leave the bathroom window open all day. I think I’ve got that lesson pretty well figured out. No need for bird number three, thank you very much.
17. Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
When interviewed and asked about his aspirations, it was always to make a middle class life for his parents, then it was about making people happier and lightening their day for the duration of a song, a movie or a concert.
“A lawyer should never fear prosecution because of advice that he or she has given to a client who consults him or her,” U.S. District Judge Roger Titus in Maryland ruled when dismissing all six charges against Lauren Stevens, a former lawyer at drug maker GlaxoSmithKline PLC. GSK +0.19%
Your dreams provide their alibi.
A Russian doctor said, 'In my country medicine is so advanced, we can
Kitakaro eluded us on our first visit. It wasn't really on our radar because they’re most known for their baumkuchen, which we’re not really keen on, but tucked away at the back of the store are some of the most amazing cream/custard puffs. They’d sold out by the time we discovered them the last time, so this time it was at the top of our list.
Opening her book again, she grabbed her pencil and started to take notes for her upcoming quiz. For a while now, she’ll just have to ignore him in class, and definitely avoid any type of party where she’d lower her inhibitions. Now Leigh would just sit back, hope that her future endeavors wouldn’t force her to encounter the same kind of situation.
coriander powder 1 1/2tsp
2. IOM (2008), Human Trafficking in East Africa: Research Assessment and Baseline Information in Tanzania, Kenya, Uganda, and Burundi, International Organization for Migration (IOM) ,Geneva, Switzerland.
I'm going to savor the events of this day for a long time to come. Thank you so much Sharon, your passion for gardening is pretty darn infectious and I for one believe I have just come down with an incredible fever!
your first step must be researching the accreditation standards of the institution itself. International accreditation standards are rigorous and necessary evaluations of an institution’s offerings; while I am the first to recommend taking “rankings” with a grain of salt, I would never suggest attending a university that does not have a legitimate accreditation.
Basic principles of fairness require the accused to know what they are accused of! Those principles do not seem to be recognised or applied here.
23) Email Open Rate - This metric tells you what percentage of the people who received your email opened it. If you had a strong subject line and the receiver recognizes your company (or the person who sent the email), you should see a higher open rate. Yipee!
Junior: Look Mummy, someone has dropped their crisp packet!
Happy shopping! *waves fan
happens to them. Instead of just a boring interview, we—and our readers—get to
Regular readers of this blog will know I keep a journal, I've banged on about it on several occasions, it's mostly filled with whinings of the "I'm not writing..." sort. Monica doesn't keep a journal, but she does keep a notebook specially for ideas. This keeps them safe for possible future realization. Mmm...
Happy Cinco DeMayo! I must say, WEEE LUVVV CHURRRROS!! Therefore we decided to make some. Of course, we wanted to add a little Bella twist to them, so since we also love Mexican Chocolate, we decided to add it into the batter to make it even more yummy. To make them a little leaner, we decided to bake the churros instead of frying them. Toss the churros into some cinnamon, and VOILA! Perfect churros for your Cinco DeMayo party!!! Just in case you're short on ideas for dinner tonight, you can't go wrong with my Simply Roasted Shrimp Tacos .
LITTLE CHRIS: He’s not poor. Five hundred and sixty pounds and that’s just in his wallet . . . Fuckin’ ‘ell John, you always walk around with that in your pocket?
I was walking down Fifth Avenue
Mongolians are in Hong Kong Temple area.
I’m not really sure how the Viennese Waltz fits into rock week. Anyway, he was able to control his flailing limbs and dance a smooth, flowing, elegant waltz. He is really very good.
If you are a lover of playing poker online then you can visit rake back poker online to get good information about offers and news of rakeback deals.
This is hardly the sort of news that young unemployed people will want to hear. If young people looking for work find themselves at the end of the jobs queue, then those in work will also be more vulnerable to the risk of redundancy –being both less established in their workplace and less expensive to get rid of - a survey of young workers by the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR) showing that few had the savings they needed to survive a redundancy and 40% of 16-24 year olds had debts of £5000 or more (www.ippr.org/images/media/files/publication/2012/02/young-people-savings_poll_Feb2012_8650.pdf)
and taught by my heart!
much love from
I also had about 3 gallons left of my ESB on tap, and the rest of that keg played-out within a couple of hours. I'm glad, too, because it was getting "a little long in the tooth," and I'm not a huge ESB fan. I guess that's why I don't brew that style very often. I'd rather brew a brown or something else interesting, if I want to have a "mild" beer style around.
The Dead-Tossed Waves - Carrie Ryan
Paladar is a very welcoming and cosy establishment, a large number of wicker chairs are placed in the entrance and bar area, to the left of the bar is a good sized restaurant with cheerful wooden tables and chairs, which is well decorated with knickknacks, vegetation and curios.
1 large head broccoli - cut small, blanched and drained well.
We are blessed.
As told in Watson’s classic memoir, The Double Helix, it was a tale of boundless ambition, impatience with authority and disdain, if not contempt, for received opinion. “A goodly number of scientists,” Watson explained, “are not only narrow-minded and dull but also just stupid.” Feynman wrote one word, in capitals: DISREGARD on his notepad when he read that. This word became his motto. That, he said, was the whole point. That was what he had forgotten, and why he had been making so little progress. The way for thinkers like himself to make a breakthrough was to be ignorant of what everybody else was doing and make their own interpretations and guesses.
Sunshine Megatron.
Season: mid-Autumn and 'dry' season
I listen as she tells about the time she went to the book section of a department store and was surprised to find that the clerk had shelved Are You There God? It's Me,Margaret next to the bibles. To me, it doesn't seem like such an error in judgment. I grew up reading Blume's books, It's Me, Margaret among them, back when the mysteries of maturation were too taboo and forbidden to actually talk about. At the time, those books served as a bible of sorts - before menstruation became a nuisance and I discovered that the exercise accompanying the chant "I must, I must, I must increase my bust" isn't as effective as I'd hoped.
I’m drawn, inexorably, to antiques, to items that have passed through history, whether from a distant farmhouse or shed or a merchant’s home or a trader or a teacher. I like the fact they are memento mori, the implicit reminder we’re all just passing through, borrowing — for a few decades — the objects we allow to define us and our taste to others.
Day 4 – 5 : Rotorua
This issue isn't terrible when I'm at home. I have a couch, movies and a computer...food in the fridge and a closing door to where my girlfriend sleeps. I can wander around in the witching hours generally doing my thing without incident. Luckily I have a profession that allows these sorts of flexible hours. The only true everyday downside is an occasional bout of grumpiness, and I guess diminishing years on the end of my life.
This is a video of Muslims having taken over the UAF/SWP counter-demo against the EDL in Bradord.
Upon first look it seems to be appetizing.
Since 2005 the GHS/GLF has shown a decline in the proportion of men drinking more than 21 units of alcohol a week and in the proportion of women drinking more than 14 units of alcohol a week. The proportion of men drinking more than 21 units a week fell from 31 per cent in 2005 to 26 per cent in 2010 and the proportion of women drinking more than 14 units a week fell from 21 per cent to 17 per cent over the same period.
Will it change anything? I'm old enough to have a cynical bone or two..I say, 'highly unlikely'. But, there's small satisfaction in standing together and voicing your disapproval in an organized, ethical way..don't you think?
“Iqra” he said softly and looked towards her.
How is everything in your world?
Check out Snapseed if you are Instagram person. I presume you like the creativity that Instagram gives you? My guess is you’ll switch to Snapseed and then go out and rob a bank and buy your own complete Herr Tkach-NIK package, too.
I long to give her all my heart
Who wants their child to grow up to be a doctor?
Listening to Chill Radio,
The blessings are the calm in the midst of the storm she would call her life.
This finding should signal the end for these wooden stakes. Aintree will have to come up with a way of building those famous fences around a material which has sufficient give to keep bones intact.
say, 'I love my mummy' while holding my face
The remastered My Bloody Valentine albums are almost upon us and there is going to be an album of early EPs. This will not feature Ecstasy and Wine, the compilation comprising of the Strawberry Wine single and the Ecstasy mini-album, both released in 1987. This is Belinda Butcher’s first appearance with the band. Her airy ghostly vocals brought a new image.
Comparison: The dryer method seems to really felt the center of a piece much better than the rolling machine. For some reason (for me, anyway) the center design from the roller always need some extra care. What's ironic about the dryer method is that the edges of the design were the pieces that seemed not to adhere as well. Of course, I've only tried this once, and on a very limited basis but....
Barack believes that the arts should be a central part of effective teaching and learning. The Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts recently said, "The purpose of arts education is not to produce more artists, though that is a byproduct. The real purpose of arts education is to create complete human beings capable of leading successful and productive lives in a free society." To support greater arts
From the outside it probably looks pretty ordinary. Kids, school, some writing, bread-baking, lunches with the ladies, just boring domestication...but internally I seethe with joy.
It is a classic sign of a fascist mindset to designate a class of people as The Others, The Different, The Outsiders, in order to galvanize the remaining people with fear and hate, as a method of exerting political control. Look at the governments of Nazi Germany, Mussolini's Italy, the Soviet Union of Stalin. Look at McCarthyism in the 1950's. The thread continues into today. Look at the idiocy that spews from the organizations supporting Newt Gingrich, Rick Santorum, Rick Perry, any of them. Better yet, look at the statements and actions of the people themselves. Signing ridiculous pledges. Claiming that the morals of the country are being destroyed by people who don't marry, or want to marry a person of the same gender; that ruin lies down the path of acknowledging someone who was born one gender realizes they are really another.
JEFFERSON T. Author’s response to influenza vaccination: policy v evidence. Br Med J 2006; 333: 1172.
ran: 3 miles @ 11:04 - 1 mile warm up; 2 miles @ 10:31; 1 mile cool down
so, Thailand (especially its military) is naturally not a stranger to this newest tactic, and we can see it is being quite actively employed by both sides (gov. and its opposition). although of course this Media war (including cyber warfare) is very much unequal, since undoubtedly army, gov. and those who back it have almost unlimited resources, unlike opposition.
1. Talc
I hope to draw a portrait of the world this way. I have not been working on it too long, so it is probably months from completion.
Travel agents might be a vanishing breed, but Sidney Marsh, a New York transplant from Mississippi, is holding her ground—at least on land. She is the tour leader on a cruise from Scandinavia to Russia for a group of eccentric senior citizens who call themselves the High Steppers. Sidney expects her days to be filled with long meals, shopping expeditions and visits to museums, churches and fjords. But this cruise is anything but routine. There is a killer on board, targeting the High Steppers and quite possibly herself.
12/939,315 filed on 11-04-2010 which is Pending claims the benefit of 11/586,315
Diablo Ballet pulled off a flawless performance, even after spending the previous day on planes and buses. Rehearsing backstage at Teatro Municipal is like stepping back in time: creaking staircases, zero electrical communication from the wings to sound booth, and a downward slope from the back of the stage to the orchestra! In the custom of past centuries, the stage is raked, or tilted, for a better audience view. My stomach jumped every time a dancer pirouetted closer and closer to the pit, under the influence of gravity. Thankfully, no accidents to report!
This car is really sweet.
So I've been a bit of a blog slacker lately. I don't really have any excuse other than I was in DC for the 4th of July.
A couple of quotes to get me thinking:
Van Zyl-Roux said no permits were issued for the possession or sale of the horn. “This can only mean the accused knew that the possession and sale of the horn were illegal.”
There are so many other questions I could list and I just might do that in another blog (thanks for the idea Bird!). So, what should we be teaching in the school systems? I don’t know if I have the right answer but what I do know is that a huge problem exists and I only reach a small percentage of these children. Should the schools be teaching the answer to these questions? Yes to some of them, but maybe parents should teach their children the answers to ALL of them. Can’t parents answers all the above questions? We (parents) say we don’t want the school teaching our children about certain issues, yet there’s a reason why I get asked these questions.
The soft landing can only last so long, and eventually (January, time of so many new beginnings), it was time for one for us. We gathered our things and moved to Austin, where we know only a few people. I know very little about the city. I don’t know what we are going to do for work. But now that the last box is unpacked (okay, I have one left, but it’s just going to wait for a new burst of motivation), it’s time to address the burning question on everyone’s mind – what are you going to do for work? (Okay, I think it might actually be — when are you going to have babies!?! but I’m not answering that here.)
DB2 10 for z/OS: it's about time. There was a lot of buzz at IOD 2011 about the temporal data support provided by DB2 10 for z/OS, and with good reason: this is functionality that would be a bear to provide via your own application code (something I know from first-hand experience), and even if you went that route you couldn't match the performance of the built-in DB2 capability.
Tough love. God dishes out tough love on His sheep. While sometimes we may be tempted to think, “Why is God angry with me,” rest assured, HIS tough love is always out of kindness, never cruelty. He is holy… Therefore, be holy. Remember that? He is the holy and perfect Father who disciplines the ones He loves simply because, He loves them. King David, a man after God’s own heart… If anyone knew what God desires, he did. look what he wrote:
But on the Internet I'm awesome. I say funny things, I make people laugh, I participate in forums and groups and I have friends. They love me here on the interwebz. Some even love to hate me. That's sort of awesome all on its own, you know?
Well, I'm SO SO proud to say, that TWO years later, we have put this plan into motion! Since we had everything drawn up and priced out years ago, it was just a matter of finding the time to pull it together! All I have to say is WOW! For a little over $500, we were able to put this plan into action!
SpotLightSeattle interns will do real editorial work and gain great experience. They will be encouraged to be a full part of the SLS team, working closely with the editor-in-chief and contributors helping with major projects as well as the basic day-to-day editorial operations. This internship is available on an on-going basis for each quarter/semester.
The good news is Alex loves the hair because he thinks it makes me look like "a girl who really knows how to party." Lucien said it's pretty like a rainbow. Coco threw a ball at my face and ran away but I think that's just Coco being Coco and not a critique of the hair situation.
The band helped immensely at first. I dropped 40 pounds like that. Then I lost another 8 or so. Then my PCOS flared up and here I am again, over 210 pounds.
Right after announcements, both boys came to the library to pick the books they wanted to donate.
Ten people who deserve this award?
They were, however, every gay man's absolute nightmare.
They both think for a minute; then the woman says, "I'm an elite chicken farmer."
The event benefits United Way of Southwest Colorado. This is one of the most significant craft beer events in Durango each year, and I always have a good time.
Ok so a few weeks back I had a request from a vary famous and good lookin crocheter, for a magic wand / crochet hook for her daughter who is a fan of a certain wizard who is the central character in a series of books and recent movies. I won't mention character's name because I have no affiliation with the owner of the character and no wish to provoke a spell on my little business.
I am used to having my heart, soul and spirit guide my decisions. I have been successful because my heart has been my guide and I feel for people and their struggles. My heart is my guide. Now, I am working under other peoples deadlines. I barely have time to allow my heart to catch up and because of this, I am thrown off balance. Added to this is the fact that everyone is “judging” or “evaluating” me. I have to wait for people to determine if I am good enough all the time. I am constantly questioning if in fact, I am good enough. I am always worried that if they are judging me then there must be something wrong. Its a painful process.
I know its a pity that we had to go through that and learn this way but i do believe that it gave us both a very good lesson.
Introduce snack: What did the disciples see when Jesus left? (A cloud hid Him from their view.)
Well that really hurt me. I was pissed.. Somehow anger can be the best antidote to self-loathing because you can finally channel that anger onto someone else. So by the end of the night I was feeling pretty good about myself and pretty pissed at him (I should have more of those nights,, think I’ll slot it in between Monday Blues and Wednesday’s Suicidal thoughts.. I’ll call it Tuesday Self Confidence Boosting tantrums)
Another good way to keep in the loop with what’s happening is to stay in the Word. Doing so helps you to understand God’s heart and character, his values and even his plan. It gives you perspective, especially if you’re doubting where the words came from. If they line up with God’s Word, there’s a guess. And, God doesn’t just randomly tell you things. You have to ask him, talk with him. Say, “Lord, I want to seek you and I need your wisdom!” (James 1:5) Align your will to His will. Awesome things happen when you do. That’s not saying that instead of doing what you want, you’re settling for what he wants instead. No, that’s saying that pretty soon you’ll want what God wants. And he’ll provide for you, while still getting what you want, in a way. That’s a tough one. I’m going to stop talking about that, and if you want to know more, ask someone authoritative who knows better than me. Oh, and you should ask the questions correctly. Instead of asking, “Lord, what is your will for my life?” Look at it differently. “Lord, how does my life fit into your will?” It gives a different perspective.
Favorite non-alcoholic drink: Tee, coffee, milk or yogurt blended with banana.
When we sighted the copper dome of the Baths, Brett headed directly for the front entrance. Yes, the entrance opposite of the entrance we (I) had read about for days. I informed Brett we needed to go to the back entrance otherwise my extensive knowledge and research on entrance to the baths would be in vain. He did not want to use that entrance. Why? Because he is stubborn. He asked me why we couldn’t use the front entrance. I did not say it was because I am also stubborn. I just told him I didn’t know how to use the front entrance. It sounded lame to me, too. We went in the front entrance and paid for our admission without issue. Then, we looked around. We asked an attendant where we were supposed to go. She said the various rooms were full. That was fine…we didn’t want any fancy, indoor thermal baths. We wanted the big, familiar, outdoor pool-sized baths thatwere outlined in the book! She told us to go to the back entrance.
Piano doesn’t sound obvious in the music because of the complexity of instruments, but if you listen carefully, its always playing at the back. The flute you hear at the first beginning is the only instrument i played and recorded it live. All other instruments sounds are electronic, composed on Garageband. This Flute is in fact an Arabic flute called “Nay”, I’ll be talking about it in the next post..
Having fresh flowers around the house
Congrats Laura keep up the great work!
If you are cooking at 350° the potatoes take about 30 minutes. If you are cooking at 275°, as I was to accommodate the directions for my ham, then these take about an hour.
As I had no intention of killing them, I decided to use this revelation as grounds for mercy. “Pull up your trousers,” I said grimly. “I have decided to spare you – not because I attach any value to your worthless lives, but to avoid the bad luck that would befall the circus from killing two virgins. Climb down the stairs and make your way to your supervisor’s trailer – and don’t forget that I’ll be right behind the pair of you.”
Let me tell you a story with a different ending to the one you know. The year 2007 began with NGDP growing to trend, and employment decreasing against the backdrop of international inflationary pressures and financial distress. NGDP reversed course and began to decline during the second quarter of 2007 as did employment, crucially this was before the Lehmann Brother’s bankruptcy and the ohmygodwereallgoingtodie stage of the financial crisis. Unemployment had already increased by nearly 200,000 after NGDP began declining but before the financial crisis began in earnest.
Is this plan perfect? Of course not, but it does have some new ideas that RIM could use to grow in the enterprise world, as well as promote BlackBerry’s greatest asset – BBM – heading into the launch of BB10.
He owns a horror memorabilia store located at Via dei Gracchi 260 in Rome named Profondo Rosso (Deep Red), after his classic giallo movie. In the cellar is a collection from his movies. The store is managed by his long time collaborator and friend Luigi Cozzi.
Registrants will receive a password in true Prohibition Era spirit, and must know the password to be admitted.
When all was said and done, I came up with two giant trash bags of junk. It felt so good to get that taken care of. ﻿
How hard can it be to have a list of your favourite beers to hand? Why am I struggling with this apparently simple task? Surely you just start with whatever beer is your current obsession (for me, Magic Rock High Wire, on cask for preference) and work backwards from there? There is obviously going to be a of a primacy effect - whatever you've drunk most recently will be fresh in your mind, so maybe Moor Amoor (formerly Peat Porter) would make the list, not only for being a great beer, but also for defying my expectations of it - I'd foolishly been looking at the bottle for a month, worrying that a sub-5%abv porter wouldn't deliver the sort of flavour hit I was looking for, but it did, admirably. But was it better than Anchor Porter, or did I like it more? I simply can't tell you. It's just different. Why do I have to choose?
It is not an easy journey toward healing, but it is worth every struggle. It is worth every scary moment of looking back, to be able to turn your back on the past with a smile, and begin to walk forward again!
I did my own grunting today. I made my first Tomato Sandwich of the year. While I have had bowls and bowls full of juicy, sweet cherry tomatoes, the bigger, beautiful round glories have been stubborn with their ripening. Finally, I have some red, gorgeous, flavorful garden tomatoes to slice and eat. I am in heaven. Pig grunting, so hott, heaven.
Created by Peleman Industries, the award-winning company with a 69-year history of binding high-quality books, UniBook gives everyone, including publishers, fiction and non-fiction writers, speakers, schools, corporations, and government groups, the opportunity to print on demand and self publish editions of their own titles, books, manuals or catalogs on an “as needed” basis.
Her damn estrogen could just calm the hell down. He might have kissed her, and she might have tingled for hours over it, but that was as far as it was ever going to go. He was sports and that meant no.
“There was no vote in the caucus,” he complained. Instead, there was a private “whip count” in which party floor leaders polled fellow Republicans on the matter, Terrill said.
I started cutting this out for the 100 Quilts for Kids project this year and then ran out of time. It would be great to have one already made when the next round is announed. Since all I've done so far is cut the strips it's not picture worthy, but check out the tutorial here.
This Saturday, I have my State Solo Ensemble competition in Eau Claire. I’m going with two pieces (an Italian Alto Solo Opera and ‘Just you Wait’ from My Fair Lady). I am so nervous, but we’ve literally been working our asses off, and I think it’ll pay off when I get to State.
For minutes at a time.
But anyway, back to the original point of the post. Earlier today, Lakkara turned up again. Greatmother called me up to her dwelling to see her. I have to admit, even though I knew that the smart thing was to stay skeptical until I could confirm who she was, it was pretty tough not to be shaken up by the first sight of her. I haven’t seen my mother since I was a little kid, but those last fumes of memory stay with you…and damned if she didn’t look just like my mother, with some extra wrinkles and gray hairs added on. Older for sure, weakened by the red pox and worn by a hard life, but damned if she didn’t look just like her.
the random winner of the maps and brads challenge is..................
She was Rose.
Here is my hand where the swatches were after i removed them with a makeup wipe and a cleanser:
The following is a list of five albums that made an impact on me. Why five? Quality over quantity. A concept I want to get back to in this over-processed and highly accessible online world we live in. I gave time and energy to these albums. I bought batteries so they could come with me on car trips, I kept them safe in their crystal jewel cases and when they got scratched I mourned. They became a part of my life rather than simply becoming music in the background.
Again, the ruling party did not come up with a comprehensive plan to integrate the newcomers when they embarked on their ambitious plan to increase Singapore’s population via immigration way back in 2003.
Published by Little, Brown, May 1, 2012
"The primary battle of the ANC has been with the media, especially The Herald, in this region," the newspaper quoted Faku saying.
by my candy hands,
Starring: John Cho, Kal Penn, Dan Bochart, Neil Patrick Harris, Ethan Embry, and Paula Garces
I don't think I will ever live anywhere other than Sheffield. I have been here for 30 years this year. I consider it home, even if I will always be an off-comer to real Sheffield folk.
Then there was the food table. I wanted fabric that looked like water and lucked out and found some online. I wanted some easy food that had a beachy feel so I had fajitas catered. Talk about delish! My mom put together the gorgeous arrangement for me for this table as well. I used fish dishes for the spoon holders and also found seashorse candle holders. By the front door when the guests arrived I had a table for each person to write wedding wishes to the couple. It was called "Make a wish upon a Starfish" I found these super cute wooden pencils and also had bottles for each guest to put their wish in.
The bus arrived at the main bus depot in Toronto. Tori got off the bus and entered the station. The terminal was so dilapidated that pigeons were able to gain entrance through holes in the rafters and roamed freely. No one seemed to mind the danger posed by bird droppings. Tori liked seeing the birds. They were a small distraction on this difficult day.
As one Democratic senator complained: 'The president veers between talking like a peevish professor and a scolding parent.' (Not to mention a jilted lover.) Another moaned: 'We are watching him turn into Jimmy Carter right before our eyes.'"
We are working with the Carte Blanche team to publish a comprehensive Angel Policy which covers all the topics you are looking for clarification on. For the time being I would recommend that you do not use ebay for selling your cards, as they will be removed from sale. Please note there is no limitation on creating and sending cards to family and friends or creating scrapbook pages with these beautiful products in the mean time.
There are 26 different tequilas available from the tequila shack, but we've stuck to the Mexican beers so far. Choose from Corona, Pacifico Clara and Dos Equis (each $8) or cans of Tecate for $6. Margaritas (classic and jalapeno) come in plastic cups rimmed with salt ($13.50).
TransCanada’s Keystone XL pipeline could mean 118,000 American jobs, if the U.S. government ever issues the permit.
Just a slob like one of us Just a stranger on the bus trying to make his way home.
In his statements, Valles said he was told through a chain of letters and phone calls from Barrio Azteca leaders in the El Paso county jail and their associates that gang leaders wanted Redelfs, the El Paso sheriff's deputy, killed because of his treatment of Azteca members in jail and his alleged threats against them.
"Look the ants are eating it."
Animated Short Film
So I started off my Sunday all bright eyed and ready to go. I'd finished one complete week of p90X! I'd recommend p90X to anyone who's gotten a little loose around the edges from brewing and drinking. To reward myself (for this small accomplishment) I decided that I deserved a Brew Day! Remember.... 90 is for 90 days...and X is for Xtreme! Bring IT!!!
Yeah, Bryce basically spent all night gluing about a hundred cherry bombs together. Now, I'm no legal expert, but I'm pretty sure what he did probably would have qualified him as some kind of terrorist nowadays.
1 it'll
The place where interior worlds go to die. And people,
i was spiritually drained.
For the end of the world was long ago,
Mussolini ha sempre ragione ("Mussolini is always right").
The two most promising ways out of this argument are: (1) Compatibilism—even in a deterministic, naturalistic world, humans are capable of free acts of reason if their minds are responsive to rational causes; (2) Libertarian Naturalism—a self with libertarian free will emerges from the brain. I argue that neither of these moves works, and so, unless someone has a better idea, the ontological argument from reason stands.
Leaving any shot of Manny out of this sequence for nearly a minute, this is a much tighter reframing of the previous shot, focusing on the third woman. The heads of the other two women trying to work their way into the frame, almost burdening the third woman before she even works up the nerve to look in Manny's direction, brings out the tension in this scene.
We have been around long enough to expect politics as usual in Washington, D.C. The backroom deals and secrecy should not surprise us. The jettisoning of young people and their sexual health for political expediency is not new. But, this blatant hypocrisy needs to stop. This latest example is just too much.
With a week of beach pictures hanging over my head and posts that need to be written, I’m flipping through the thousands of pictures I took and happened to remember my bikini proclamation. You know… when I gave you all permission to call me out immediately if I didn’t post a bikini shot on the internet? Remember? I was all over that “healthy lifestyle” business and shakes and running when I shouted from the rooftop that THIS WILL BE THE YEAR! NO MORE MOM-SUIT-TANKINIS!
Confidentially Yours directed by Francois Truffaut
I agree with Sharon. Birders, especially those with a ton of experience, can be a little intimidating to talk to. Gulls, flycatchers, warblers, shorebirds, and many, many other groups can be very hard to identify properly, and no one wants to say “Hey, look at that Tennessee Warbler!” when you’re not entirely sure if it’s a Tennessee, a Nashville, an Orange-crowned, or even just a female Wilson’s Warbler. That goes doubly so when you’ve got incredibly experienced birders around who, one might expect, would be quick to chastise you for making an incorrect ID. What I’ve learned though, is that EVERYONE misidentifies birds. Even the most experienced and revered birders in the Calgary community have made mistakes, and will continue to make mistakes in the future. It’s really one of the only ways to get better!
(You know, the kind of day you have after you pay to have your son's car repaired...)
And I smile...
B) This "Disease of the Year" trend was counter-productive and invited more each succeeding year, drowning out substantive proposals in favor of what amounts to emotional pleas
Tried this one again. No butter this time. Amber color with a low white head. It is sour at first, then bready. The mouthfeel is very filling, yet with low hops. 2 Star once again.
"January 1937. Jack Miller has just about run out of options. His shoes have worn through, he can't afford to heat his room, and he longs to use his training as a specialist wireless operator instead of working in his dead-end job. When he is given the chance to join an arctic expedition, as communications expert, by a group of elite Oxbridge graduates, he brushes off his apprehensions and convinces himself to join them." A stab in the dark, this one, just on the basis of the description, gushing reader reviews, and because I was all out of audio books. Not bad, but not great, no arc to the narrative really, just one long description of being in the arctic after a short introduction in pre-war London, with a short post-script to tie up all the ends. It wasn't even scary. I didn't like it anywhere near as much as the reviewers did.
I've been asked before about my CAbi clothes and how I consider them "cheap" as in the name of our blog. I wanted to take a moment to answer your questions.
So the chief priests and the Pharisees convened the Sanhedrin and said, “What are we going to do? This man is performing many signs. If we leave him alone, all will believe in him, and the Romans will come and take away both our land and our nation.”
emperor Montreal, Canada (15-07-1999)
you were standing in to break or separate those who were joined hands. You would say,
But this scrawny little humanoid with the makeup and the mullet? And what's this business of singing about being an alien? Is he/she/it an alien?
Your Lord who feels your pain.
Here’s a detailed description of what you will be expected to do to achieve your graduation from the Pokerspace school.
Yeah, I know, a sea of stats, and I focus on a state abbreviation.
When Jesus cries out to the Father, saying “glorify your name” – it makes it clear that nothing we can possibly do can bring Glory to the Father – rather it is our submission to him that he uses to bring glory to his name. Consider all the hard work, all sweat and tears, all the discipline that has moved you closer to the goal set before you – as not truly giving Glory to God – unless you ask and submit it all to the Father. Even more difficult to imagine – the Father saying – not right now – the time is not right to bring Glory…. To let the King shine through you – you must be willing to be broken. Without brokenness – you have it all together and there are not cracks from which the light can shine. This is not a call to sin in order to create cracks – see Romans 6 – rather it calls us to embrace healing that begins with discovering our brokenness. It is this brokenness that most challenges our concept of advancement. We work so hard to do the very best we can – that it is quite contrary that it is brokenness which actually advances the Kingdom most clearly.
The challenge was to use the above pic to write a story of either 50-55 words or 200-210 words. There's no required phrase. I'm away for a few days and won't be able to collect a list of participants, but you're welcome to leave a comment here if you're playing.
In 1836 George joined the family business of processing leather which was started up by his grandfather Joseph. The business went from strength to to strength and in George's time the business expanded to new premises on the corner of Grey Street and Market Street. The business then expanded to Liverpool and across the pond in the US.
‘Our experience today is the strange one of empty political institutions in which no one has any confidence any more, of a system of government which functions only in the interests of a political class, and at the same time of the almost infinite growth of power, authority, and social control which makes any one of our democracies a more authoritarian mechanism than the Napoleonic state.’
Before joining Freddie, Mr. Renzi served as the operating chief of GMAC Residential Capital, a unit of Ally Financial Inc. He was initially hired by Freddie to oversee the company’s mortgage-servicing operations.
The action provides a neat example of just the sort of anti-democratic cheating and abuse of power that brought so many thousands onto the streets of KL in the first place on Saturday.
UPDATE: A copy of API was snuck onto the shelves of an area bookstore in December of 2010.
So why would one go through a painful, permanent, and – to use my elders’ word – desecrating process just to bring a point across?
Sub-category: Oh Wow You’re Setting Up For a Sequel
Carrie went to U of M to study Art History, she then found her passion and continued her education at the Art Institute of Seattle for the interior design program, graduating in 1995. She began her career at Pindler and Pindler where she developed her fondness for fabrics, in 1999 she moved to LA and became the head of the interior design department at an antique and custom furniture store, where she has said that she was able to develop her customer relations skills and furniture manufacturing. It wasn’t until Carrie became pregnant with her first daughter that she branched out on her own to form HousePlay Inc., and she has never looked back.
Makes 20
But the quiet camaraderie of our afterglow is gone now, broken up,
Back to the future at the Brittanicus base in a second ice age, the Doctor defended the Earth once more, this time from the defrosted Martians dubbed "Ice Warriors." Then it was off for some more doppleganger danger in Australia and Europe as the Doctor stopped his Mexican, physically identical twin Salamander from taking over the world.
This Sunday, the new “cool”, Venue and FX services will be walking away from their “cool worship” to serve our community. Our kids will be packing summer tote bags for the kids that our church provides weekend meals at Ridgecrest Elementary through our Pack-a-Sack ministry and for kids at Verdad y Vida UMC Mission Church. Then we’ll be heading out to Indian Rocks Beach to clean it up for others to enjoy. These services represent the beginnings of a new generation seeking to worship God faithfully by pushing past the boundaries of the church walls. Pretty cool! Pretty Christ-like if you ask me. If you think doing good on Sunday isn’t…check out Matthew 12:9-14 (just for fun).
Now aren’t you excited to go make this after I talked all about my colonoscopy prep? HAHA
Of the freezing constellations
Have you ever pulled an “all-nighter,” maybe driving all night or staying up to watch a game that runs into triple overtime or to study for finals? Have you felt really tired the next day, a little weak and unable to think clearly and no amount of coffee will help you? Then you are familiar with fatigue. It usually passes after a day or two of catching up on sleep. Now imagine having that type of fatigue constantly.
This is my first solo exhibition and I have been hard at work in my studio creating over 20 new pieces of art that comprise two series - one that will feel familiar to those of you who follow my blog and one that is a new direction for my work. For those unable to attend, I will be posting images of the artwork and exhibition next month.
But there’s an additional bonus (sounds like one of those TV ad’s). You took time to comment on why you thought I had included the image. In return I have published links to your blog with this post, in Steve’s case it’s his Flickr portfolio, but it’s brought you and me together. Maybe a few others will read this post and who knows it may bring you and them together if they follow the links.
I pen this while still in the season of Christmas, so I wish all of you, a very Happy Christmas.
And so I went forth boldly, with no more than some printed directions from Google, and my silly rain-hat. Spare socks might have been a good idea. Next time I shall remember. With the getting lost (every time I took out the directions, they got rained on and splodged a bit), it took one-and-a-half hours to walk to work but, my goodness, I enjoyed it. Before my socks had a chance to dry on the radiator, I was out again with The Boy for our usual walk. The forest smelled like jasmine today, but I could not work out why.
That's an interesting question, and it's a discussion that I see going on all the time. The people that love the discovery of pantsing vs the control of the plotters. When I'm actually writing, I feel like a pantser, I suppose. I'm just doing the writing. I mean, I don't write anything down ahead of time. I don't make outlines, I don't make time lines, and I don't write out copious amounts of back story. However, I don't start writing until I know where I'm going. I know my plot arc and have it in my head at all times. I can't really write without having a destination. I suppose pantsers would say that makes me a plotter, but I'm sure plotters wouldn't have me in their club, either.
Afterward, the disciples tell Thomas, who had been absent, about their encounter with the Risen Christ (verse 25). Thomas says he doesn’t believe it. Hence, the expression ‘doubting Thomas’. Thomas says he must see and touch all of Christ’s wounds.
In front of him, a corridor receded towards a pale radiance. He followed a rustling, a darkness, a crackling, to a stone room, to a table.
unfortunately due to lack of time i could attend only the MIXED MEDIA ALBUM class with sharon laakkonen! and i can honestly tell you it was AMAZING!
Once you make a donation, their new total will be reflected right here on the blog!
In addition to the 100oz Camelback I wear on my plate carrier, which can be worn under my rucksack, I also keep one tucked inside my assault pack. For my primary ruck, I fall back on the old mid-1990s Ranger Regiment RSOP, and keep a USGI two-quart collapsible canteen strapped to the side of my ruck. Unlike the RSOP though, in lieu of an e-tool on the other side, I have an additional two-quart there as well (the whole "I live in the desert" thing). Basically, despite the weight, I carry a LOT of fluids (it's seldom pure water. Usually it will be Kool-Aid with half the prescribed sugar. I refer to it as combat Gatorade).
I painted filigree connectors with gilder's paste, added silk thread, crystals and used a similar style of toggle twice...up front and in the back. The other 2 designs on the page are equaly delicate and fresh...Spring is in the air. I loved the coral necklace on top right of the page.
Edmondson: Not really, although it depends what day you wake up. I mean some days you wake up and it doesn’t seem very long ago and some days it seems like years ago. There’s no problem with it at all, I’m very proud of The Young Ones and it’s fantastic that people still watch it. I wish they’d pay (laughs). I wish we’d been paid properly when we made it.
Another writer friend tells me over and over that any writing is good writing, even when it’s bad, because at least you will have written. So, believing this to to be true, I use the multiple-project approach as a way to keep moving forward. If I get stuck on one project, rather than wallowing in the abject and tooth-pulling misery of being unable to come up with the… exact… right… word, if I get stuck, I can just lateral the ball onto another project and keep moving down the field.
But mostly I watched, I stopped for a minute and watched the Puerto Rican jabbing at the ether. He danced nimbly and feinted the punches of his invisible opponent. When he turned around I noticed he had white block lettering on the back of his faded black t. His shirt read: Anthony "The Nightmare" Castellano.
"Oh..let's see what other impossible standards you want to hold me to today, PINTEREST!"
With torn and bleeding hearts we smile,
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever! Amen!
Perhaps its the general sense of disgust almost everyone seems to be expressing against all governments everywhere. Or NATO’s invasion of Chicago. It could be that someone was actually arrested for the BP slaughter of the Gulf of Mexico. Or that Californians are starting to see radiation through the fog of Mother Nature.
When you are fucked up, had too much to take in
The valuable lesson inherent in The Black Snowman is not just for black children but for all who struggle for identity within their own worlds.
Additionally, Canada is in the process of passing a law that will ban pastors from quoting certain verses in the Bible because it is deemed hate literature by pro-homosexual law makers. The San Diego Tourism Department is putting together wedding packages for same-sex marriages in order to attract this new stream of business to the city.
The answer, for me, is obviously I shouldn't. BUT.... what if I lost that privilege of being able to choose? What if I had to eat meat?
The annoyed rube said it again, even slower. “Ahh – wonna – mick – uh – De-pah-zit!”
I stop my story. The women are leaning toward me, wanting to know what happens. The men are looking out the window, or at the carpet. Sometimes, though this is rare, one or two men will be listening carefully.
This time, the mother placed an ad in the New York Sun daily newspaper asking if anyone knew the whereabouts of a young lady, aged 20, last seen on the morning of the 25th, who was wearing a white dress, black shawl, blue scarf, Leghorn hat, light colored shoes, and light-colored parasol. No one responded to that ad.
Here's a close up of that pretty crinkle ribbon and flower. I inked the edges of the flower and also added a cute little sentiment on the tag. I love Robyn's tiny sentiments that you can stick in there as an extra little touch!!
This novel sounded so much like a 70′s Hindi movie. I would only give it 1/2 a star upon compulsion.
A: I have no idea. (It should be obvious by now that I don't speak to process well. Sorry. What I find so appealing in Wharton is how she gets at the ways tribes use whatever's at their disposal to eradicate any person or thing they perceive as a threat to the tribe's primacy. That's a pretty noir concept, because in noir the individual who goes against the machine is usually destroyed. Think Harry Fabian in NIGHT AND THE CITY or Eddie Coyle in THE FRIENDS OF EDDIE COYLE. What's hopeful in noir and in Edith Wharton novels is that the hero tries to break from the pack. That alone is a life-affirming concept.
This will be my only post about a giveaway this month.
First up, we taped and primed the dresser and the drawers. We used Kilz water based primer...I don't really prefer this over other primers in general, but I need to use water based because of Kalia, so it gets the job done.
1 concerned
Would the two go head-to-head in finding great books whose rights had reverted to their authors? No. The two women amicably decided that Jane would take pre-1970 titles and Ann those originally published after that date.If they ever strayed into each other's territory, they sorted it out by mutual agreement, meeting regularly and supporting each other's ventures.
20. Lost a friend in a shop? - I tried to make it look as if I lost her, but I was really trying to ditch her. Just kidding! Actually, I usually shop by myself.
Before I even knew what steampunk was, I had fallen in love with the "vibe" at a bar in downtown Austin called Betsey's Bar. A bit old west, a bit circus, a bit Victorian, a bit flea market, with vintage Pac-Man tabletop games thrown in for good measure, it was exactly the vibe I wanted for my bedroom.
When I came across Prevagen I thought this could be beneficial to me and most likely my readers. Prevagen is good for anyone who wants to keep their memory sharp or people that are concerned about their memory, either because of increasing incidences of forgetfulness or because of a family history of memory problems.
Alex Mason, MBA
Every year we share the evening with our friends Kevin and Denise and their two children.
The last “Batman & Robin” type Dynamic Duo we went to battle with was back in 2004 when Justin Gatlin and Shawn Crawford breezed through the rounds and went 1, 4 in the Athens final. Since then we’ve been lacking in the “#2” department. Yes, we’ve seen the rise of Tyson Gay since then – and Tyson has been awesome when healthy. But when Tyson has gone down and been at less than his best, there’s been no one there to help carry the load. Nor has there been that strong 1, 2 punch in the sprint relay – to just put things away!
Sometimes trying to control everything ends up hurting or delaying us from what we want to achieve. Learning to delegate and trust (or leaps of faith) can take us further than what we could imagine or do by ourselves.
But I have a different opinion. I have a crank theory about all this.
I see now where I went wrong with my mother though. I assumed… No… I expected her to just “accept, and love me” because I am her child… I’m such a fool.
Christians are doers. In the book of James we are told to be hearers and doers (1:22). In Matthew’s Gospel, Jesus says it those who hear his words and do them who will be like the wise man who built his house on the rock (7: 24). In Luke’s Gospel, Jesus says it is those who “hear the word of God and do it” who are his true family (8:21). We are doers because of what Jesus did for us. He paid for our sins with his life, not only to forgive us but to make us into doers for his glory (2 Corinthians 5:15).
DJ Sumbody: Those are the main forces behind it, but as an artist you have to push for yourself and also make sure that people know about the brand that you are. Doing an interview on LIVE, YO TV and also appearing on a couple of print publications has helped a lot and I hope to do more interviews soon.
Scotty Karate Scotch Ale
I know it's hard for children's book, some are pitched at parents or adults, others jump on bandwagons, some authors are definite brands.
Missing BUILD
...my inner yogi’d like to describe all of this in terms of koshas...annamayakosha, pranamayakosha, manamayakosha, vijnanamayakosha, anandamayakosha...sheaths surrounding the atman...the true, ultimate self-beyond-self.......which, to my inner pomo graduate student, sounds suspiciously phallic...
The white cheddar in the crust recipe made it so easy to roll out and cut the strips for the lattice pattern for the top crust. I usually find myself struggling with the crust because it's all butter and it sticks to everything and if you don't work quickly begins melting. So I roll it in cling wrap or parchment paper.
Renee Zellweger (One True Thing, A Price Above Rubies)
Darling Nikki
Thus the beginning began.
I HOPE that you guys are as excited about Ella as I am! I find myself already wondering where she will spend Thanksgiving and Christmas and NEW YEARS!!! Which of my friends will SHE be partying with? WHO's wedding will she get to attend? Who will take her hiking and who will take her skiing? Will ANYone take her bungee jumping? Will she meet any celebrities? Oh! I just can't WAIT to find out! And neither can she!
No one understands me.
We shouldn’t care about the very poor. We shouldn’t care about the 1% that claims they are “the 99%,” we shouldn’t bankrupt ourselves for the 1% that has major medical problems (1% account for 22% of all medical costs…might be because most of life isn’t a constant disaster as liberals would have you believe …and half of all medical costs are paid out on 5% of the populace) our primary concern shouldn’t be about giving handouts to those who don’t have because we already have systems in place for them…and as Romney says very clearly “If it [the safety net] needs repair, I’ll fix it.” He has no intention of abandoning those who have the least, but he is not going make it his driving passion to give them more of what they have not earned.
- If your child is too short for the jumperoo on the lowest setting, put a couch cushion or pillow under his or her feet to allow them to use it. Similarly, place a rolled up blanket around their torso to help stabilize if needed.*
Kate from Centsational Girl is hosting a summer link party today, and I'm joining in with a few favorite summer food and drink-related goodies!
Far away across the grey eternity of the North Atlantic, my fellow Liberal Democrats are preparing to enjoy this evening's Glee Club. As ever, we at Liberator have produced a new songbook for the occasion, complete with an introduction from Rutland's most popular fictional peer.
For all of us gardeners, the next garden is perfect. The weather will be ideal, weeds will be minimal and timing will leave nothing to be desired. The seeds will have excellent germination and I will of course document every little thing that happens, in order to keep a good record of the year. In reality, of course, there will be weeds, crops will do poorly, there will be too little or too much rain, there will be weeds. In short nothing will be perfect. Except, it will be in many ways. There will always be that one crop that did amazing. There will be thing that keeps us all going.
Do you love to travel? You may change your mind after sleuthing on a trip with Sidney Marsh, and finding dead bodies on a cruise ship...not exactly a relaxing way to take a vacation! Sidney will keep you on your toes and guessing as she goes about sleuthing, this is a highly entertaining and fast-paced read. This first book of Marie Moore is sure to be a great seller and leaves you highly anticipating the next mystery!
Embedded font support
When I first read this snippet, I didn't think much of it. Only later did I wonder that a story set in a land long associated with Islam would feature locals drinking wine. Did the author of this twenty-first century novel about a boy who wishes himself into the story of Shaharazad make a terrible mistake?
All blog readers who want to join the hunt PLEASE EMAIL ROBYN. This is important. If you do not email Robyn to get a question sheet, you will not be eligible to win prizes. It doesn't matter how many times you comment on my blog or other authors' blogs, you must receive a question sheet, or you will not be eligible to win.
The formula is very thickening and it works well for my short stubby lashes. I am a little disappointed though to find it doesn't hold the curl very well at all. The name would suggest otherwise? But having said that my eyelashes don't hold a curl well with most mascaras.
(4) must apply equally to all members of the same class.
What a Friend we have in Jesus, all our sins and griefs to bear!
We went to the park to meet up with playgroup friends from church, and even though Andrew had gone twice to the bathroom before we left, he had an accident 30 minutes into the park session.
You read it already, the two hours of fun and eating pie were dramatic. A snarling hostess, a surly and worried T. When everyone left I went to bed crying. Depressed and feeling guilty.
24 following
What's my everyday tea?
All in all, not a bad story. Not a great story either. But for a first time venture not bad. This takes me back to the last time Jonah was in a Holiday Special, 30 years ago, where we learned of the horrible fate of Roy the Raccoon. It also reminds me of a backup story in Justice League of America where the air in the leaking satellite lasted eight hours instead of one.
We will be tapping:
When the abandoned child is feeling its pain and loss, the rest of the adult person is unable to find emotional balance. New skills are needed to help sort out the confusion, and to create new, healthier patterns. Part of the healing may include grieving and anger, as those repressed feelings are released. But it is equally important to look at strengths: how well you are doing and what you want to contribute to the world as well as the positive side of parents and caretakers. Most people do the best they can. Healing is a process of peeling the onion, so to speak. Revealing one layer after another, with time for rest and integration, leads to inner peace, resolution, and forgiveness.
“This week in New Zealand, a man who lost his wedding ring in the ocean found it in the water over a year
It would have been a good relaxing few days off had it not been filled with a nasty head cold, which I am just getting over now.
are sidewalks
Bigfoot apologists have had their hackles raised by this admission by Morris, trying to discredit his story. However, Philip Morris stands by the story and many have been convinced that Morris is telling the truth. I have known Philip Morris and his wife Amy for over forty years and know him to be quite the raconteur, but always credible in his stories. I have no doubt that he is telling the truth on this. All of the details of his story match up to everything I had read elsewhere and what I know as fact, so I am sure that this particular Bigfoot sighting and film was a staged hoax.
We haven’t told anyone else yet, except of course all the ladies on the bump. I am still in shock and working really hard on staying positive and hopeful and keeping in mind that, as one bumpie so eloquently put it, my past doesn’t dictate my future. I may have been pregnant before, but I have never been pregnant with this baby before, everything is different and I’m trying to give this little pumpkin the same untainted, fearless and unfettered love I gave our little winter baby.
The part I struggle with is arriving home to my family already together, feeling for a brief moment like so many things I don't want to be: an outsider. A dad, home from the work day. A visitor. Co reassures me -- and sometimes, she even manages not to roll her eyes -- that the extra time she gets with the children involves such enriching and rewarding tasks as trying to get them dressed and in and out of carseats. I know I'm not missing anything glamorous, but I still wish I was more present. I want to get to talk to the teachers and feed the kids breakfast and yes, even fight with them, because that's the stuff of parenting.
4. An Unrenewed Mind – Put-downs, making-fun-of, criticism, sarcasm are the world’s ways of reacting to the faults of people. However, as Christians we don’t behave this way. Our thinking and attitude should be renewed by the Word of God, which teaches us to bear the infirmities of the weak, to love, and show compassion and encouragement (Rom. 12:2).
Easier said than done…at least I thought so at the time.
Barkerville is mentioned quite prominently in Coming of Age on the Trail. It was the notorious goldmine town founded by Billy Barker–The first man to discover gold in the William’s Lake area of British Columbia. Billy Barker is rumoured to have spent most of his $500,000 fortune at the saloon, and another successful miner spent some $40,000 in one marathon session of boozing, treating, and trashing, before he left the saloon flat broke.
Friday: We has our weekly quiz. I feel pretty good about it but as usual we will see. We then went on to study Carbonation, Quality Management, and Taste Panels. We actually did a taste panel test where were given three samples of beer and told that one was different. Then the class was individually asked to say which they thought was the odd one out. It was not an easy test, but for me I found one to be slightly thinner in the mouth feel than the others. I turned out to be right. The sample I chose was Bud Light and the other two were regular Budweiser. It's surprising how similar they are. The other interesting thing is that the class we almost evenly split 3 ways as to which they thought was the off one. We then went on to do a styles tasting of German & Czech Republic beers. Most of the beers were nothing new, but we did get to drink Schlenkerla Rauchbier which is one of my favorite beers. Smokey and awesome. After that we piled in a bus for a field Trip to Metropolitan Brewing. It was a neat place and they were very gracious hosts. Afterwards Jen and I went to Xoco....YUM!!!
HERE’S HOW:
patissiers - chocolatiers - fashion designers- fleuristes
And the meal. Culinary opulence in a brightly lit modern street, in a restaurant not entirely geared to elegance. Much smoking. A small hole in the tablecloth. But friendly and likeable. One could hang out here: it's not too grand. It's just right.
Son: Dad, I have to do a special report for school. Can I ask you a question?
let alone acquaintances.
Rog put on a song by Red Hot Chili Peppers and told Lilly she might like the song.
And laughing. A lot.
The next thing I learnt in the F1 car was the breadth of power, as I’ve mentioned the power curve is truly representative of a modern F1 car and you can accelerate from 5,000 RPM all the way to the 18,000 RPM red line. Of course the power really comes in at the last 1,500 RPM, but strong acceleration makes it relatively easy to drive an F1 car a revs below this. But once you do go over 16,500RPM, the acceleration causes instability in turns and on the straight, the shift lights on the (projected) steering wheel display only light up at these revs and rarely did I find it possible to match the gear shift to the last shift light. Often either hitting the limiter or shifting early. I’ve much respect for an F1 driver’s ability to time shifts manually for lap after lap.
85. Kissed a stranger at midnight on New Year’s Eve
The story is a wonderful tale about a little boy named Peter who refuses to grow up. He flies off to Neverland and has adventures with his band of Lost Boys. There are pirates and the Indian princess Tiger Lily. One night while sitting outside the Darling’s house to listen to the mother tell a bedtime story, Peter is spied and during his escape he loses his shadow. When he goes back for it, Wendy, the daughter hears him and is able to reattach Peter’s shadow. Peter finds out that Wendy remembers many bedtime stories and asks her to go to Neverland to be a mother to the Lost Boys. The Darling siblings, Wendy, John, and Michael join Peter Pan and the Lost Boys in Neverland.
Here's the coverage, in toto, of the lawsuit:
My pantry is driving me CRAZY!! We have a tiny tiny kitchen, it could be much smaller I suppose but compared to our last kitchen its about 1/4 of the size. There has been a lot of adjustments regarding our belongings in this home, that is for sure!
When you lie to someone you automatically lie to yourself. At a recent party, I lied to a stranger about who I was. The next day I felt immense guilt from my poor actions.Why did I do that? Too much alcohol? After feeling sorry for myself, I looked at the reasons why I lied.
Candy Cane Joe-Joes $2.99
E@L can't remember. Can't remember squat. Can't even focus. Why would he remember the name of this road, he's never heard of it before, never been on it before..
Full Metal Jacket (dir. by Stanley Kubrick, 1987)
This is the second part of our feature on the Scottish politicial parties policies for young people. To read the first part go here: Part 1
The reason I enjoyed the movie is because it wasn’t short-changing me when it came to emotional range and that’s the problem with most male characters in romantic comedies. I don’t want to see a man fall in love with a girl to the point where he can’t keep it together and loses damn near everything else in life, because that’s not honest. I don’t want to see a man whose heart is so cold he can’t manage to fall in love with the perfect woman even though she’s staring at him right in the face, because that’s not honest. And I definitely don’t want to see the movie where the man eventually gets the girl because he worked out whatever issues he had, because that’s not honest either.
These are the faces to look for come Eugene. While the big points should come from the Pac10 and the SEC watch for the teams from the Big12 to decide who the teams titles go to. Both Texas A&M squads will most certainly be in the conversation, and scorers from throughout the conference could steal away points some of the leading schools could need to cement a title.
According to the Women and Children’s Health Network, these children have been exposed to the following: not being properly looked after, not being properly supervised, the parent having massive mood swings and erratic or impulsive behaviors, and not having enough food or a suitable housing situation. This can be dangerous for the health and general welfare of any child. A high school sophomore who requests to remain anonymous recalls some of these symptoms being very evident in his mother.
The Husband Hunt was a fantastic finish to the Madison Sisters series from Lynsay Sands. Check out the first book, The Countess and the second book The Heiress.
If you would like to learn more details about the actual tests, continue reading below.
I wanted to show you a lamp shade I've been working on. Click to see it larger, and you'll be able to see the printed Ad paper from the CD that I used. I just punched circles and layered them, starting from the bottom and working my way up. I tried to attach them towards the top of each row of circles so that the bottoms could sort of curl up. I used Scrapbook Adhesives by 3L Crafty Power tape around the base of the shade to get me stared, and then I used Small Dodz to add the other circles. It came together pretty quickly actually. Adding thread to all the buttons I added for trim, probably took the most time. lol I always need thread in my buttons... lol I've tried to go without.. but just cant. I know .. weird :)
Yes. Lately, I’ve started to think I want to get married. But now, 2NE1 is more important to me than marriage.
The EPA has set a deadline of August 31 to remove as much oil as possible from the river bottom. Some sections of the river may be re-opened for recreation by the end of 2011.
I don’t know these people, so I have no reason to be hurt by their abrupt departure. Still, I thought to myself as I picked at the top of a muffin – this is my home. I did everything I could to make it feel like home to them, and they snuck out without even saying goodbye.
"They had little to drink and the terrain was inhospitable," says the story. "At the point when the exhausted procession was about to leave ... one of the parishioners, Duc Notto, prayed, 'By his powerful intercession the Blessed Arnold will bring us what we lack.' Immediately the small remnant of beer at the bottom of a pot multiplied in such amounts that the pilgrims' thirst was quenched and they had enough to enjoy the next evening when they arrived in Metz."
Monday night saw the NUJ launch their national campaign to save local newspapers in Enfield.
But this argument fails in the face of basic physics, namely that of the Law of Inertia. Imagine sitting in a car that is traveling along at a roughly constant speed down the road, and further imagine that you toss a coin into the air (assuming the windows are up). Where does the coin land? In your hand, of course! Feel free to confirm this fact experimentally – please do so as the passenger, btw.
I just learned today from 12 Most writer Becky Gaylord McDonald that Visual.ly has been coming up with some really cool tools to let you graphically represent selected data using Facebook or Twitter hashtags. This can be a wonderful tool for learning. For instance, you can create a hashtag for a class research project and make an infographic when you are done. You can explore a topic you're interested in by creating an infographic of the hashtag for that topic.
To start, I'll show you a true family heirloom I found in one of my totes. My mother gave me some of my grandmother's linens after she passed. To keep them safe, I stuffed them into one of my many project totes and sadly forgot about them.
“I will always remember Paris.” she whispered as tears rolled down her face.
When Drake Finn finds a mysterious shed in his back garden, little does he know that inside he will find the three horsemen of the apocolyspe. Or that he will be given the job as the fourth…well technically the 13th. But having just started a new school and facing problems of his own, Drake doesn’t want to take up the role of Death. As long as he can work off his notice period without anything happening he’ll be fine…or so he thinks!
‘Our self-publishing process has been designed by a team of book industry professionals to make the experience as accessible, convenient, and affordable as possible’
The deadline for comment is Friday, 29 June 2012.
Are you surprised? Well, you shouldn't be. Duh. Generally, I think most writers all start out in the same place; as readers. And good god, you know readers love their books.
I wonder how he managed during that night's baseball-sized hail? We were fortunate to JUST BARELY avoid hail and tornados the entire trip. When we left Oklahoma to return home, the interstate we drove that morning near El Reno had a tornado cross right over it in the afternoon, killing several people nearby.
Kelly Irvin is a Kansas native and has been writing professionally for 25 years. She and her husband, Tim, make their home in Texas. They have two children, three cats, and a tankful of fish. A public relations professional, Kelly is also the author of two romantic suspense novels and writes short stories in her spare time.
Hands exploring
So why aren't they targeting the tax cheats? They are costing us more. Yet the government is making hundreds of HMRC staff redundant. They should be taking on more and training them properly.
“Agreed.”said Jin reluctantly.
Every time they sleep over at Grandma and Granddad they have to eat pudding. Every time. EVERY time. If my mother happens to be out of pudding, she or my dad will run to the store in their jammies and get a box of instant pudding. If she knows they’re coming in advance, she makes sure she has that freakin’ pudding.
“What was that? Coati? Monkey? Capybara???”
Middle class uptight white America saw Elvis as no different than a black man – and neither did Elvis – but for far more different reasons and not at all negatively.
President’s Day. A holiday for all schools and most offices. Not mine.
I apologize for the lack of blogging yesterday…I know that me not having written a few lines here made a hole of desolation in the lives of innumerable people for the whole of Monday, and I shall forever feel a pang of guilt when I think of my lapse in that regard in my darker moments until the day I die…
When “I love you” becomes “I hate you”…
Looking back, my theory that we’d see a huge upswing in fantasy for young readers seems to have come true. Yes, the then-recent success of Harry Potter was a critical factor. But beyond that, for many, the reality of life and especially death felt too real in 2001.
My wife and I are planning to relocate to New Mexico when we retire. We often wonder if we would miss the trees and the clear blue lakes and streams. Should we be safe and live by a lake in the mountains, or is there something else?
I went to WKYC's studio for the interview. The space is absolutely beautiful. The expansive news room took my breath away. The sound stage looked like something out of Star Wars (I sat in while Russ and co-anchor Kris Pickel taped a couple of promo clips). The cameras freaked me out. They are unmanned and move around like that weird robot from Lost in Space.
But, what is this evil market that is threatening our fantastically efficient and effective NHS, in the minds of the left anyway? If you read the Guardian or watch the BBC you'll be under the impression it is some kind of malign mechanism that is designed to sap whatever is good out of anything that comes into contact with it. A diabolical agent of the right wing, whose only purpose is to destroy the NHS and replace it with a US style health care system, where only the rich can afford decent treatment and the poor will be left to die in agony on the streets (because they'd have sold their homes to pay for what inadequate treatment that could pay for).
I made 6 new cards last night which I need to photograph. I'd love to get those up in the next week or so. Of course in the midst of all this I'm of course trying to keep sane. It'll make you go crazy!! What's that saying, keep it simple? Oh right, yes keep it simple. It's good to have goals of course, but I guess I shouldn't try to reach them all at once.
Now, I’ll leave you all with a tune that summarises the mood of this, HG-Pillar!
In the Seventh Chapter of Bhagavad-gītā Kṛṣṇa discusses the spiritual and material natures. The spiritual nature is superior, and the material nature is inferior. In this material world the material and spiritual natures are mixed, but if we go beyond this material nature altogether—if we go to the spiritual world—we will find only the superior, spiritual nature. This is the information we get in the Eighth Chapter.
“Rhapsody In Blue” Part 1
A push to reform juvenile justice in Georgia failed over finances in the state legislature, reports the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. The 246-page proposal was a rewrite of the entire Georgia Code that deals with children, including incarceration, foster care and termination of parental rights. It was the result of five years of work and assurances that reforming the juvenile justice system would save money and young lives that otherwise would be lost to the criminal justice system. But the would-be reforms died over concerns that local governments would have had to cover millions in costs, and the state would have to come up with more money. The bill had passed the House but didn’t get on the Senate’s final calendar.
sometimes rubbed down by sand
What he came home with was (10) Right Guards - totally free; and the pastas and sauce were free too because the kids went on a field trip with daycare to Albertsons and got a little sheet of coupons for some free things. I'm so glad he didn't get any grief from the checkers, and that the coupons scanned just fine - if anything had gone wrong he would have been soured on it. So I think I may be slowwwwly converting him to my way of shopping - heh.
“I think I can do it.”
This is the Saturday of the Octave of Easter, a solemnity so great and central to our Catholic faith that Easter Day is celebrated for eight full days, and the Easter season is joyously observed as the Great 50 Days of Easter. Through the power of the Holy Spirit, Christ – risen from the grave – is in our midst. His Holy Word teaches us the truth. His Sacred Body and Blood becomes our food and drink.
We have rain. Till noon, at least they say. :-)
I was filled with joy this morning as I was able to tell him that I love him, face to face, on the way down Camelback Mountain. I tell him I love him every morning in a text message, yet realized that saying it to his face hadn’t happened over the last few days since he arrived. It felt good. And then to share with him the steps to preparing breakfast for the gang, and step back and watch him succeed in the venture…well…a papa couldn’t have been more proud.
“Good.” Eli grabbed a sheet of paper and handed it to me. “Here are a few names to start. Take your time and let me know what you find.”
correct for excess payroll tax revenue credited to the trust funds
It is my favorite event every year. The fresh air, the hot sun, the colors, the music, the flowers, the children, the spirit.
This is useful in preserving workable (if not ideal) practices over the course of generations. Moreover, since the environment in which the community thrives is often stable, it simultaneously preserves workable adaptations to the broader environment. It also creates a stable and easily negotiated social world. The less time spent negotiating the social environment leaves the individual with more time to access and use its resources, as well as to deal with extra-communal issues (e.g., hunting and gathering food).
Peanut Butter Cup Cookies
God created man and charged him to rule over creation (1:26-31/2:7).
The title of this is a little deceiving. While the nuts make the top seem crispy, the brownie underneath is all that you'd want a brownie to be. Moist and chocolaty. I'm thinking, what could be better for a chocoholic like me. Can't help it, it's in my DNA.
and puppies frolicking in fresh falling snow
Fifteen years later, with the ‘90s revival beginning to bloom, thermoreactive wear is making its way back into public consciousness. In classic ironic fashion, however, it's now being touted as haute couture, with designers such as Henry Holland charging hundreds of dollars for the privilege of dressing up like a mood ring. American Apparel has released a more economy-aware variant of the classic Hypercolor shirt, which in all likelihood will never attain the iconic status of its predecessor; nevertheless, the mere fact that you can once again ruin your clothes forever by simply ironing them should be cause for celebration.
Farting on your roommate (it does happen)
The debate over homeschooling versus public schools often inflames liberals,
25. You're Wondering Now
“Oh for heavens sake, all the clues are in this room. Look at the wall! Xmas cards and the fourth one down from the left is from Mavis and Joe to Mr Milan with a personal note that reads ‘Happy Xmas from Mavis, enjoy the PG tips”
6. Cut a mat from Enchanted Evening card stock to 4" X 5 1/4", adhere to white card base cut to A2 size. Adhere Spring Rain layer.
For this week's challenge I have chosen
That's when I hear my mother say that the public beach down the street from her house has become dangerous because of "hobos living there at night." Hobos. She used the word hobos. Probably to refer to the maybe one homeless person who has actually spent a night or two down there. The cops are by all the time, so I doubt they can take up permanent residence there.
That said, would I get RISUG? Oh HELL yes. I’d have gotten it in my teens had it been available, which would have bought me 10 years from that point to find a doctor to do a vasectomy on me. I would even still get it now, even after a successful vasectomy. Why? In my mind you never can be too careful, and it just takes simple probability to explain. With RISUG and vasectomy having comparable success rates, each one about 99.9% (though with vasectomy this goes to 100% pretty much after the first year), and the fact that the probabilities of either one failing is completely independent of the other failing, you get a failure rate of less than 0.01%! Anything to lessen the chance of unwanted pregnancy even further is, in my mind, a plus.
Incandescent light will burn
The judgment is separate to the ongoing Equality Court hate speech case by AfriForum against ANC Youth League (ANCYL) president Julius Malema after he sang the words several times last year.
So the question soon arises...at what point in time do we as Americans have the right to have these mosques removed? At what point in time does America finally decide that there needs to be a moratorium on the building of new mosques? At what point in time is there a concerted effort by people of the West to discredit Islam and reveal finally for the rest of the world that this is no religion and that a terror-backed mosque inside of America is no place of worship protected by the 1st Amendment but rather a terroristic command center operated by an enemy of this country?
I am starting to do more travel for work. I haven't flown yet but plan to in the next six months. I also am becoming more active with the Alumni Association at Saint Joseph's College of Maine where I work and graduated from in 1998.
In the era of global warming, environmental awareness, sustainable practices, and recycling, teaching ecology takes on a whole new form. It is hard to argue against the fact that education is paramount in affecting awareness and change. This year I had the unique opportunity to take my class of Pre-AP Biology students, all 11th graders, to a self-sustaining eco-community located about half an hour outside of Cali. While many of the ideas and ways of life implimented in this community - which includes about forty families and is governed entirely by women - are a little unrealistic for a contemporary lifestyle, I feel it is important for my students to see how thinking "outside the box" can, indeed, work.
There is one more difference between the two systems. Where Romney Care stops at demanding everybody be covered by some form of health insurance even to the point of being state provided, it leaves the actual medical care in the hands of doctors and the market. Romney Care does not attempt to have the state of Massachusetts usurp and take complete control of the health care system within the state’s borders. Obama Care does go that extra mile, or maybe more like that additional light-year. Obama Care takes the huge leap of slowly but very assuredly forcing everybody eventually to come under direct government provided health care. One of the little tricks in the two-thousand-plus pages of legalese is a little trip lever that instructs that should your insurance coverage change in virtually any way, then you will be denied to continue to have that insurance for your coverage and you will be enrolled into the government controlled health care. This could be even if the government changed their requirements for health coverage to meet their strict definitions thus forcing your policy to change to include this new requirement and trip the switch forcing you into the government provided care. It does not take any great leaps of logic to see where such a system will eventually lead, and eventually would probably not take that long. This is a huge departure by Obama Care from Romney Care under the Obama system people can actually be placed under a health care system which is completely controlled and run by the government and will eventually lead to that socialist dream of a single payer health care system, the system which has generated such horror tales in every instance where it has been enacted. It may be a socialist dream, but it is freedom’s nightmare.
Now let me try my best to explain because I want there to be some logic behind this lovefest and not just a gushy mess.
I scrolled through the printed sheet of paper,found the-against-the-flow one,sealed the envelop and followed the democratic ritual under the horrified glances of the supervising committee.
"That's it!" She blows her top, "You bastard! You waltz in here, flop your fat ass down, don't even say hello to me and then expect me to run around like your slave. Don't you realize that I cook and clean and wash and iron all day long?"
This post will probably be quite hodge-podge and random, so just warning you....
Sweet Melon
Brrrrrr! Brrrrr! It was cold here at 40ish this morning but the sun is shining bright. Suppose to drop even colder tonight. We put on our long pants and long sleeves with warm jackets and headed to the Farmer's Market near the Sanibel Library. We shopped for fresh produce buying tomatoes, red onions, avocados, green beans, and corn and also got some scallops, shrimp, kielbasa, and biscotti. The flower stall had a beautiful assortment of cut flowers and lot of roses. Al bought me a beautiful bouquet of roses, hydrangeas, lilies, and more.
Now drum scanning is good - very good in fact for catching every little nuance that a camera in 1961 would have hinted at rather than reproduced in minute detail.
And we learned not to buy flights just because they’re cheap.
1243. Ham & Cheese Sandwich from Wawa (Phoenixville, PA) 12:32 p.m.
To cook the dumplings, heat a frying pan over high heat. When the pan is hot, add the canola and sesame oils, swirl to coat the bottom of the pan with the oils, and allow them to heat. When a drop of water flicked into the pan sizzles instantly, arrange about 12 dumplings in the pan, lining them up neatly and placing them flat side down and pleated edge up. Cook undisturbed until the bottoms are lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the water, then immediately cover the pan, reduce the heat to medium-high, and cook for 5 minutes. Uncover and cook for a few minutes longer until all the water has evaporated and the dumplings are dark brown and a little crusty on the bottom.
This much we know, the main nucleus of Scientists of Sound consisted of Bam a.k.a. Bob Eskimo, Aqil a.k.a. J-Blast a.k.a. Rylo Steelo, Cherok a.k.a. Doc Holiday and Aybee a.k.a. Strontium God. They worked with producer Skeff Anslem (“he gets props too”), everyone's favourite UK DJ Shorty Blitz, TY, Fallacy and the lovely Mis-Teeq to name but a few, all the while existing in the post Music of Life/Kold Sweat UK Independent Label wasteland. Scientists of Sound a.k.a. SCI-4 became known for their unique style, by mixing Science Fiction References, Official Boom-Bap and the teachings of Dr Malachi Z York's Ansaarullah Muslim Community. Thinking about it now, their sound was probably too forward thinking and original, for the weeded out early 90's Timbo Era Chorus Rap. But hailing from Willesden North London, they represented a generation of UK Hip-Hoppers that took the attributes of the Diaspora to new heights, and expressed themselves in new forms that represented
floorboards
..and next, a Matt Tolbert 08 Topps Chrome RC Auto. I actually like this set a lot. They are smooth looking... especially the blue refractors.
THE PRESIDENT: Good morning, everybody. I want to give a quick update on what’s happening with the debt negotiations, provide my perspective, and then I’m going to take a few questions.
“They did have a plan for the fence but because the fence was going to cost too much it started getting smaller and smaller. Eventually it turned into just a fence around the culvert.”
Back in 2004, when I started this thing called Doc in the Box, there were only a few Navy bloggers, Scott of Lt. Smash, Cdr Salamander, Chapomatic and Kevin of Primary Main Objective. Lex was the guy who had lived all of the Top Gun stories, he was the aviator’s aviator and even better, told those stories on his blog Neptunus Lex. Later, when I finally met him in person and found out that he was a Navy Captain and probably the most senior military blogger (side not to civilians, a Navy Captain is an O-6, squadrons are commanded by O-5’s mostly and on any given large base, there might be 3 to 6 Captains. One in charge of the base, one for each carrier air group, maybe one at a hospital. I’m currently attached to the largest squadron in the Navy and my CO is a Commander or an O-5, pretty big deal) and he was at my house for a blogger get together and I was definitely the kid at the adult table. Unlike most of us cyber nerds, he was bigger than that large online persona that he assumed. Over the years, I had met up with him at milblog conferences, dinners and once at a change of command which I didn’t recognize him at first in a suit. Without fail, he always had a crowd of people around him and he was telling a story. That guy burned with inner charisma and people hushed to hear what he had to say. I admit, I had a bit of hero worship.
3. Here's some good news for you, though: We just sold rights in Italy! I was wondering when that lovely country would join the party. (Hey, did you know that it's shaped like a boot? It is! Really! Look at it on a map!) Anyway, we're very excited, and we've almost accomplished our goal of taking over the continent of Europe in its entirety.
Happy birthday Sweet Pea Stamps - may you have many more successful years! :)
What I used for this experiment is what I think is the equivalent for what is called “Rump Steak” (literally translated from Swedish it’s the “outer thigh”, but the way the butchers cut the meat differs between e.g. Sweden, US an UK, so that is why it’s hard to find an exact translation…).
“I’m being hit twice: As a taxpayer, $500 million, where did it go?” he said. “I’m hit a second time: I’m not getting money that is owed to me and the government hasn’t done anything to look out for us.”
My opinion is that as far as her marriage was concerned, there definitely were periods of unhappiness, for one reason or another — most famously that she never came to terms with being forced to give up her career, but generally I think she was happily married.
Today, I’m going to write out a simple list of things that you can do today to help you expect the unexpected.
The scandal on top of the scandal is that Mr. Green, a Brooklyn Democrat, may very well be right. For that, though, thank the Assembly itself. It's so much easier for Mr. Green to pretend that nothing ever happened, or that it was at most a big misunderstanding, when the Assembly refuses to make public the report by its ethics committee recommending that Mr. Green be punished for his travel reimbursement scam.
“Ancient Alchemical Diagrams: are they Mirrors of the Human Soul for the Modern World?” This presentation will examine examples from Alchemical diagrams and the texts that accompanied them to determine whether they might have spiritual elements encoded in them that relate to the advancement of the human soul. Ultimately, the presentation will address the question of their relevance to us today.
Our side dishes vary from year to year, but we generally have a rice or potato side dish (last year it was rice pilaf, this year we are trying au gratin potatoes), rolls and a vegetable or two.One of the family favorites is this roasted asparagus. It is so simple but tastes great.
Nazir Afzal, Chief Crown Prosecutor for North West England, who at least had the guts to bring the case to court after social workers and the police turned away for fear of being seen as racist, admitted that “imported cultural baggage” played a role in the crimes. That’s the same baggage that brought quaint customs like forced marriages, honour killing and female genital mutilation to these isles.
The next verse explains this “one”—ness as a condition of “agreement.”
Softly Falling Snow
2. The usual heroine-with-broken-neck-syndrome-being-hauled-awkwardly-by-hero pose
Let’s make a pack to stay in good, close touch. To visit every time we can. To continue supporting and understanding one another. And for making the time to be there, if not physically, then always emotionally and at least via email (crazy world we live in).
Once it was all finished, we sanded the rough places and the spots where there was a little bit of blue and green paint from the lumber yard. As always, we had animal support throughout the whole process. Up until this point here, we planned to paint the boards dark brown. We wanted a dark farmhouse plank floor look. We never imagined when we started that this would be a stainable project.
But the Detroit Cobras are no bandwagon scene-jumpers. They’ve been around rocking small clubs since 1994, never changing their style and letting style come to them whenever it catches up. What is it about Detroit that makes it such a breeding ground for top-notch garage rock? Iggy Pop, the MC5, Bob Seger System, Ted Nugent, Alice Cooper, etc.
1/4 cup lime juice
