Today, Lea is four months old! You'd never know it by looking at her. In fact, she could easily pass for a baby that was born yesterday. She fits comfortably in all her newborn clothes now, although there's still a little room for growth. Her preemie sized socks, however, slip right off of her tiny, narrow feet.
When Paul told all aboard to be of good cheer, he gave them full reason for the joy. None of them would be killed. The very reason for their despondency was the fear of being killed in the shipwreck. But now there was hope. But it was more than a supposed hope; it was a confident expectation. If you believe God, it will come to pass. God cannot lie.
It's a very thin suede, and I am just in love lately with deconstructed collars like this. It's fun to play with. This was $79.99 on sale at Le Chateau about a month ago. They had them in brown, tan and camel as well, but I've been looking at more olive greens than almost any other colour right now.
Contagion
They might also accept Paul even if he had gone on his own with the same gospel of the Kingdom, obedience to the law, which was imposed upon them by God through Moses. Then, there was the problem with his name. He was Paul, a Gentile name and not Saul, the Jewish name. That, as you may recall, was changed after he had been separated back in Acts 13:9.
I was able to get a few miles in on the treadmill before class, but ran out of time to do as many as I wanted to. I literally ran into class at the last second to get in every possible tenth of a mile that I could. Today, I am going to attempt either speed work on the street or a tempo run (outside!) Now that the snow is melting, the streets are wider again. The plan is either 6 x 800 (ideally) OR 2 miles easy, 3 @ 6:54, 1 easy. I am telling you so I don’t back out!
Allah has absolutely forbidden any dispute on any matter concerning the fighting (battle) and to be always in complete agreement (about it), and informed them that the dispute is the reason for the failure and the losing of the strength and kingdom:
John had actually known about this storm for days, possibly weeks, because he doesn’t just check the plain old Weather Channel. No, John gets all of his weather info from some crazy, rogue weather man’s Facebook page. This guy likes to predict storms 3-4 weeks in advance, and he was calling for significant snow fall in West Virginia on Sunday. Based on that we had to cut our trip short and only spend an hour or so at the beach, which just proves that old adage, “West Virginia ruins everything.”
And bring her to your nation's level
The total received by Kentucky since the initial MSA payment in 1999 is $1.4 billion for “Phase I.” An additional $600 million was received by Kentucky tobacco growers under “Phase II,” the Tobacco Growers Trust Agreement, which was created as a result of an MSA provision to address affected tobacco-growing communities in 14 states.
And I smile awkwardly back.
Unsalted butter and coarse salt are beaten together until light and fluffy. At a lowered mixer speed, confectioner's sugar is gradually added, followed by vanilla extract and roasted strawberry purée (see above); the ingredients are well-blended but not overmixed. According to the original recipe, the frosting should be result in a texture that is 'dense and creamy, like ice cream'.
Next up was yesterday, where I wore my baggies – dead comfy but the zip didn’t want to stay up!!! This may be down to my belly more than anything – it is somewhat protruding. Note – these are not the best fit, being New Look Miles of Ease trousers, but they’re ok for bimbling round the house etc…
Here we have a woman who is world-famous for having a pretty face and a great body. Nothing up with making the most of those free assets in a world where they can make you rich and famous, I guess. But it hardly gives you the right to start telling everyone else what to do.
JW: Let’s start with horror in general and drill our way down into the nomlicious brains of the undead. So your first horror movie was Alien. What a great film to have as your first – I believe mine was a Vincent Price film called The Abominable Dr. Phibes. I was so glad to have been born in the mid-sixties as horror was really just coming into its own. And it’s been a glorious and strange hayride since. And even though I can see horror in a downswing, I know it will come back. That down swing does affect us. We writers of the darkly fantastic willingly jump on a genre we know isn’t the massive seller that, say, Paranormal Romance is. But we go down that evil rabbit hole not only willingly, but with a passion many writers don’t know. That isn’t to say other writers aren’t passionate – they certainly are. But horror writers have another layer of passion that I associate with the likes of teachers. Teachers do what they do because they love it. Most horror writers I know do so because they can’t imagine writing anything else. Horror is in their blood and it consumes them.
8. At a trophy ceremony, BBC TV boat race 1988: "Ah, isn't that nice, the wife of the Cambridge president is hugging the cox of the Oxford crew."
A waterhole one side and across the spit, the sea. Teenagers were taking advantage of the unseasonably warm weather and taking advantage of the bravado of youth by launching themselves off the cliff into the pool whilst adults looked on wistfully wandering whether the caution of age has robbed them of some of that unbridled fun!
My second pregnancy was picture-perfect, aside from that killer heartburn that fooled me into thinking I was dying. My first kid, Charlie, had been 2 weeks overdue and the size of a breadbox, so he was born via c-section. My doctor had encouraged me, right from the first prenatal visit, to try for a VBAC.
It's a black background with bright drips of paint in many colors. I chose the same lining fabric for all three capes. When I made the previous three capes, I didn't buy fabric -- just used what I had on hand and it was great. But this time I didn't have much left for appropriate fabrics in the right amount of yardage.
Cling film! His eyes go big, his hand gestures wildly. He looks dizzy. Hyperventilation is but a pace away. I roll my eyes and put it in the cupboard.
But honestly, so far it hasn't been too tragically hard. The first day I was a little hungry (oh yeah, and felt like I had the mother of all hangovers thanks to the angry little man) but yesterday was pretty cruisy. Today seems to be shaping up ok as well. I've lost a kilo already, despite eating more than I usually do (although I guess contents are definitely different) and am starting to develop that smug "This is so easy. I'm so great. Look at me looking after my body." attitude that I will try keeping to myself in fear I will be slapped. I mean, if I can all of a sudden manage to eat healthily and go for that 30 minute walk now, how come I couldn't before? Idiot.
but it is a promise
We were hoping the Caillebotte exhibit would be a nice way to beat the heat, but surprisingly, the air conditioning was minimal to none. We thought for sure they'd climate control the place to protect the paintings but nope, screw you, Gustave, and your picture-taking brother, too.
Or brown
Then, a break-up happened.
Between the ages of 50 and 74, women should have a mammogram every 2 years to screen for breast cancer. Women who have risk factors for breast cancer, such as a family history of breast cancer, may need to have mammograms more often or start having them sooner. Women should be tested for colorectal cancer beginning at age 50 and continuing until age 75. Certain people may need to continue being tested for colorectal cancer until age 85.
It’s hard to believe, but many people criticized the work and character of Mother Teresa. One of these complaints was that Mother Teresa took money from some unsavory sources– even though the money went to give dignity to the dying. Those who get heated about such things fail to see the heart of this Scripture. Isaiah’s words let us know that God will use Cyrus, a filthy pagan, to bring His people Israel out of exile. God’s plan was to use a Gentile to bring deliverance and freedom to the Jewish people, which would have turned the heads of many a Jew. God seems to have no problem using the unsavory and less than- holy to do justice. So why do we? To engage this world missionally, I believe we must be people whose eyes are open to a God who destroys our paradigms, who does things unexpected and outside the box.
Should anyone have information ... I would appreciate knowing that all is well ... or not, as the case might be. www.YeOldeBarbershop.com
You can't tell in this photo, but he looks like a zombie. With rotting flesh. Nasty! Poor, poor guy! I really hope that he's learned his lesson, though. SUNBLOCK!!! I wasn't there to do it for him. He's not always gonna have his mom there. He needs to learn and remember - SUNBLOCK!
Simpson’s line is called BeautyMint, and it’s all about customized skincare and using “patented technology ... to protect ingredients so that they can remain structurally sound and supremely functional.” I’m not sure what that really means or how you’d even go about proving it, but it sounds impressive, yes?
Each year, students and teachers throughout the watersheds of Oregon and beyond submit poems, essays, or artwork to be featured in the annual collection Honoring Our Rivers. In celebration of the 12th year of publication, students from across the state will be honored and have the opportunity to present their work alongside professional authors and artists.
Reading in bed before lights out.
So, we jumped in the car and headed straight to the O.P. for the sonogram. We got there around 2p and were seen within about 15 minutes. Although I was concerned about the idea of fluid loss, I just had a feeling that everything was a-okay. However, I was thrilled at the idea of being able to see Morgan again, I've SO wanted to be able to, because I needed the reassurance (visually) that everything was developing normally. The tech did many things, including measuring the amniotic fluid around the baby, which measured in at 12 (can't remember the unit of measurement). She said they like it to be anywhere from 10 to 20, so Morgan was fine there! Then, they did a series of battery tests to assess her gross and fine motor skills and her practice breathing, she passed all of them!
Watched the scientists throw up their hands conceding, "progress will resolve it all"
I can prove it.
When she was younger she had many suitors
It seemed unwise to get high first and then take a pair of scissors to my husband's head. But then, who wants to have sex with little hair cuttings falling all over the place? Luckily, once we were high we were too lazy to do the haircut. Pot has a way of making everything seem less important than watching YouTube videos and eating Wheat Thins.
I have to blend it, be actively looking for work- in moderation- and not stress over it to the point where I will get an early heart attack. I realize even if I had a job, not all my problems will magically go away. The future is always going to be uncertain, I could be transferred to the moon! Or perhaps my best friend across the country might move over here! Or I might be so busy I may not have time for a social life at all! Who knows!
Depends. How many of your readers are female? You have a 50/50 chance. Well, that isn’t the point of my blog. Okie dokie then. Is there anything in common between the “general idea” of your blog and “Women’s History Month”? Anything at all? Oh, well as a matter of fact, I think that….
- Deserving vacations
You are brilliant.
So perhaps its a good job I didn't have time to take pictures of the finished result because it was hardly a fair example of what you can actually achieve!
I’d been told that Bohol, more than Boracay, (the country’s party-island) was a Bali-in-the-making. Bohol, according to my sources, had Boracay-like sandy beaches. However, at the same time, it also had culture, history and a beautiful countryside.
I will, therefore, restrict the comments to human beings. However, for the sake of fairness, let us, for once ignore Europe and North America where the unquestioned dogma espousing the “benefits” of sex with other races have been preached to the point of indoctrination, and turn the spotlight on those races and nationalities who are never told they are racist if they wish to stick to their own, and who are not endlessly encouraged to jump between the sheets with the first foreigner they encounter.
One week ago, Miss Charlotte introduced herself to her parents, her grandparents, great-grandparents, and numerous other family members. I hope to meet her soon but for now I’ll remain her adopted “auntie” getting updates from her grandmother. Sugar & space, you know. Happy one week birthday, Charlotte.
13 Heather Kennedy W Valencia, CA 11:02.7 34:18.76
The words broke through.
Optima Health launched in Roanoke and the New River Valley in October of last year with its Commercial product, later offering its Individual and Medicaid products. We are thrilled to share the news that in just three short months, we have signed 35 employer groups and have approximately 1,000 Commercial members. Additionally, we have 5,600 Medicaid members.
I need to do some research to see what weapons will work without electrical circuits in them, or without principles of electricity to fire them. I’m assuming that what we’re left with is mostly hand weapons, and older ones at that.
Following are some shots of special places we visited during our weekend away. Thanks Steph and Cory for giving us an excuse to come back to our beloved Tucson! Enjoy both the marriage and the honeymoon, as well as your new home!
Speaking of untrustworthy – once somebody/something breaks your trust, they’ll never get it completely back.
Which is, I'm sure you'll agree, slightly over-the-top, even for a prelate so impressively bearded as the late Shenouda. The title "Pope", by the way, is older by a couple of centuries than that of his Roman equivalent. Strictly speaking, we should refer to the latter as "Pope of Rome" to avoid confusion.
It can be very frustrating to try to get work done or even sit and take a break with him clamoring for my attention.
never forsaking me, even in my brokenness and rebellion
We love it all and if you do to, we'd like to bring you on-board.
John Hughes, DT, Cincinnati – If the second round pick was out of left field, this one comes from Mars. Absolutely NOBODY else had this guy on their boards. At all. He’s strictly a rotational guy, and the scouting report from NFL.com says things like “lazy” and “poor effort.” He’s a decent run stopper. That’s about it.
I decided to have one of their February specials which sounded delicious. Grilled Polenta & Portobello Ragout for $7.75. They didn't mind at all that I only wanted a small dish rather than a couple of courses.
I rewind back to the moment when I was forced to hide in a backyard so my ex-mother-in-law could explain to her mother that her son was dating a “colored girl.”
Oh and the blog is pink today because I'm feeling happy. I get to play bingo and with my man, what else could be better? We are so good together. I love that man. The only thing is I have a headache at the moment, took some Advil and I'm WILLING it to not interfere with my plans tonight. Go away headache!
Fuel arrived after a while and Vin came back a while after that. Our middle eastern handlers in UAE finally contacted someone in Pakistan to act as our factor and all the necessary paperwork was fill out, stamped, folded, spindled and mutilated.
Commentary this generation
As we both love merchandising so much its also a great chance for us
The financial aid session will be part of the College Savings Plan Network meetings of 529 plan administrators. Both ofWisconsin’s 529 plans—EdVest and Tomorrow’s Scholar—are participants in the national network.
15. Love Theme From Romeo And Juliet—Henry Mancini and His Orchestra
The comments to that third post, about "Children as Public Goods" are especially bizarre--but then again, the post itself is fairly bizarre. As I said long ago (interestingly, also in response to a CT post), children are not "goods." They are--are you sitting down? They are human beings. Actual members of society. Who, yes, happen to be in a dependent position. Nonetheless, inasmuch as they are members of society, they have a claim on society to help care for them in their dependence so that they do not starve. Now, since they have parents, there are many aspects of their dependence that society needn't bother with: y'all don't have to wipe Pseudonymous Kid's ass, you don't have to give him his bath, you don't have to read him mouse books over and over and over again. You don't have to help him remember to do his "homework" (i.e., finish coloring the pages he didn't finish at school, because he hates not finishing things), or keep track of where the hell his socks are always going off to, or scramble for milk money in the morning when there's no cash in the house.
3And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, Come and see.
Settling for an “electable” moderate got us Bob Dole.
For what it’s worth: to this day, Dad swears it was the best game of his life. In that, he has a kind of undeniable proof.
But now it’s over.
I pray that you find the humility to forgive others the unforgivable.
Phreak: Whoah, did you guys hear that?
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT. BRUSSELS. South African farmers represented in the Transvaal Agricultural Union have lodged a formal genocide-complaint against the ANC-government for crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, announced TAU deputy-chairman Henk van de Graaf today..
Skin. What would the light feel like if the skin felt its presence? Would it feel smooth? Would it feel the light’s particles, so grainy and sandy? Would it feel like latex paint, smooth, bending? What would the light feel like when the sun goes down? Would it feel like a person holding on, clawing yet dragged down to the depths of the sea? Would it be like a movie star who takes her last bow, and gracefully exits the stage?
I just don’t know what to do with my time
A England released the Legend collection at the start of this year. It contains 7 polishes, 6 of which are holographic.
but I left that little shop soon after.
CISPA has just lost a powerful backer, with Microsoft withdrawing its support for the controversial cyber security bill saying any law must allow them “to honor privacy promises” they make to their customers.
Fenugreek powder- 5 gms
Some of you who read my blogs may think I am trying to be controversial at times. While they may be that, I can assure you that this is not my objective. It is my desire, no I believe I am called by God, to both seek truth and then to share it with others. God has put it on my heart to be a person who challenges Christians to become more like Christ everyday and to be a defender of the truth of the Word. Yet I am only an imperfect human and I know that at times I may fall into the traps of Satan and let my opinions slip in. I guess it is fine to have my opinion, you, too have that right, but it is my hope that, I can make a distinction when I write and speak, about when things are opinion and when things are God’s truth. The best advice I can give the reader is to follow Biblical command and do these two things from 1 Thessalonians 5:20-21 (NKJV): “Do not despise prophecies” and “Test all things; hold fast what is good.” Take all I say and search the scriptures then go to God and ask the Holy Spirit to reveal the truth.
Karla: You’ve already had great success with your books. You told me that AN ALPHA’S PATH debuted in the top 300 on Amazon, both AN ALPHA’S PATH and A TASTE FOR A MATE have climbed to 116, and TRINTY BOUND has hit the top 500. What are your writing career goals going forward?
On Thursday, December 17, 2009 and Friday, December 18, 2009 the production “FRESH DIRECT” is scheduled to film interior scenes at 470 Flushing Avenue between Spencer Street & Walworth Street.
6 ibid Eminent Churchillians.
Thankfully nowadays we can get this done pretty much hassle free.
Peter speaks first, alluding to his call to baptize Cornelius: “Brothers, you know that in the early days God made a choice among you, that by my mouth the Gentiles should hear the word of the gospel and believe,” (v7). Peter appeals to his experience at Cornelius’ (Acts 10) and concludes with this assessment: “We believe that we will be saved through the grace of the Lord Jesus, just as they will,” (v11). Barnabas and Paul also make a personal appeal, relating all the signs and wonders God has provided in their ministry to the Gentiles. James, as one of the influential voices of Jerusalem, appeals to Scripture, turning to Amos 9 and God’s promise of restoration for His remnant people — including the Gentiles.
When the event at the deli finally occurred in early January, as I said, it took some time before I even thought about it much again. It wasn’t until a more clear death threat (the one at McDonalds) followed by what I described as shock, followed by laughter and a sense of well-being again that it suddenly made fake sense: I was clearly in love with that person (who, as I said, doesn’t actually exist; there was something fake about that whole interaction) and because the feeling was so strong, it was clearly “meant to be”, had to be reciprocal.
European and North American focus may be to move drivers to cycling for the usually reasons – running out of cheap oil, obesity and personal health, health care costs, and the contamination of the environment, both air and noise.
At the core of the CES’s divisions over UI was a struggle between two halves of the progressive spirit -on one shoulder, its conservative, sober, evolutionary side, wary of government handouts, suspicious and somewhat fearful of an unruly working class, and confident in the ability of educated regulators to force the market into acting morally; on the the other, its visionary, expansive, and radical side, impatient with the old nostrums of laissez faire and limited government, firm in their faith in the liberatory capacity of an activist state, and deeply hostile to all malefactors of great wealth. From each side came a plan:
Perhaps now, or even long ago, he no longer exists at all, he has departed to an ethereal adventure; but I don’t like to think so, not at all.
And then the late show (a new thing for opening night) was an exclusive screening of the first Israeli horror film (at least that's how it's being marketed), RABIES. It starts as if we're already halfway into a horror film, with a girl trapped in a box underground and a man (we find out shortly he's her brother) trying to rescue her, failing, and running off for help. Enter a car full of young people (2 guys, 2 girls) out for some fun, who run into the frantic brother. The two guys follow him to try to rescue the sister while the two girls call for the cops. Enter two cops--one a sadistic rapist and the other two wrapped up in his failing marriage and partner loyalty to stop him. And now sit back and watch nearly everyone die in brutal, genre classic manners. And the fun of the movie is admiring it's genre chops, clearly a result of love of not just horror classics, but cult/camp classics. It's got the comedy and the gore. The story maybe tries to go too many places (when romantic jealousy trumps survival instincts it lost me momentarily), but the horror elements are always enjoyable. And without giving anything away, it ends on a comic note I loved, although it was abrupt and wrapped up nothing. It felt like walking into a good horror film about 20 minutes too late, and leaving just as early. But with this talent, I'm eager to see what director Aharon Keshales does next.
I apologise, I'm being a rotten blogger at present. Network connections that are doing a startling imitation of a Jack in the Box, not feeling too well and the prospect of two huge manuscript rewrites have stunned me into a frenzy of inactivity. Add to that the fact that the young guinea fowl keets are dropping like flies, and you'll gather that all is not exactly sparkly in the Vanilla Goddess's garden.
I court others in verse; but I love thee in prose:
Level 12: MP Cost: 30, Damage: 352%, Attacks up to 6 enemies.
Then we sat down to the first Thanksgiving dinner in the new sun porch Jeff built. Dad declared me the winner of the eating contest for the third year in a row.
When too many loans went bad (Congress was shocked! SHOCKED!) came the bailouts with your and your kids’ money. But the bailouts didn’t clean up the mess; too big. So the government and especially, the Fed, changed reporting rules so banks could hide the magnitude of their losses and Fannie/Freddie’s losses and the losses on the bundled derivitives held by others. A lot of the losses are still there, just papered over. And the Fed has dumped tons of electrons it calls money into lenders and insurers while horrendous numbers of bad loan foreclosures have been held off to keep housing prices from sinking further, multiplying all the losses. That’s hanging over our heads, sinking steadily closer to us. The politicians are looking around at ‘green shoots of recovery’ but you notice, they never look up…
I'm happy to have these blocks in top form even if they were nowhere on my list to get done. Now, here's the question... Who wants to quilt it for me?! :) If I have to do it, it will hang around here until 2014.
Adopting the ‘Director Imperative’ to ensure these values are held at the hearts of industrial Captains will ensure we strive for sustainability above all else.
SYCO don't do that for other contestants, so why Ronan? The gaying-up Ronan plan slightly backfired on SYCO when lots of negative comments were being posted on YouTube and Twitter about Ronan's image and the supposed sexuality that represents. Things got so bad on YouTube that the posting of comments had to be suspended. But SYCO learned from this and dressed Ronan more appropriately for his semi-final show; preferring a much more Bieber inspired look to the 'gaykid' image presented in the audition.
Behind this berth, a new reason to live, a new now focused life ahead, does the earth
Paul was now identifying himself with God’s chosen people and not with those outside of the covenants. We see this specification in the likes of Exodus 19:3.
Chris: Kidding – go on and do what you need to do.
Bank of America spokesman Rick Simon declined to comment about the claims made by states and investors. BNY Mellon performed its duties as defined in the agreements governing the securitizations, spokesman Kevin Heine said.
Lately on Mad Men, Roger’s wife, Jane, has been pulling out all the stops on her hair styles. I hate the look, personally, but I guess if you have that much free time and money, it doesn’t always guarantee that you have style as well. It’s what I kindly refer to as “I Dream of Jeanie” hair. You remember this look, if you grew up during the 80′s. We embellished the look with
A note on the nature of this relationship is pertinent. As stated previously, it was common for the vassal in a suzerain-vassal relationship to be considered as a servant to the suzerain. From a contemporary perspective, the Gibeonites’ status as Israel’s laborers may seem abhorrent, but the text does not hold this view. The Gibeonites were being treated as they and the broader society of the time would have expected. Therefore, Joshua’s actions on the Gibeonites behalf should not be viewed as maintaining an oppressive or tyrannical rule over them.
10. Indiana Pacers
Like I could maybe do another 5.1.
And people began to talk about me. ”That Tony,” they’d say, ”he’s gonna be a good little writer!” And my teachers would overlook the hastily-written last-minute essays, the carelessly scrawled homework and awkwardly organized drafts because, hey, I was a writer, right? And after a while, even I began to believe it.
The microSD card seems to be falling by the wayside somewhat, with many new tablets omitting the expansion, but we think it’s a particularly important feature and it’s good to see Acer including it.
What really gets me, however, is when a child is involved. I am amazed at the number of little children who end up missing…and eventually found dead… only to find out it was a parent…the one that was supposed to be the one who is the protector!
kṣurasya dhārā niśitā duratyayā
This card was created with an old Stampin' Up image. The paper is from Cosmo Cricket. I used the sketch from I ♥ Sketches.
This week was about reclaiming a sense of identity and acknowledging crazy makers.
Finally my own novel was ready - My Memories of a Future Life. If a trauma in a past life can haunt you in this one, what would you see if you visited yourself in a future lifetime? My narrator is a concert pianist with a career-threatening injury who gets involved with fringe healers offering miracle cures. While she tries to make sense of what she’s seeing in her possible future, her current life becomes all the more mysterious and tangled. The novel is a hybrid genre; literary fiction with elements of romance and futuristic speculation - but most of all it's the story of a lost soul looking for where
"What if the girls had found you?" their father retorted. "Given the circumstances..." His voice trailed off and he stared miserably at his feet.
Indianapolis-based Slingshot SEO was ranked #58 on the 2011 list of Inc’s 500 Fastest Growing Companies, and was #14 on the 2011 Tech200. Founded in 2006, Slingshot SEO provides professional SEO services to more than 150 clients across the country. The company’s results are driven by a tireless passion to make deserving brands digitally relevant. For more information about Slingshot SEO and to read customer reviews, visit:http://www.slingshotseo.com
As his blossoms drop to the ground."
Available now for only $0.99, download your copy today!
Loop 3 - 9 miles - Elaine joined me after busting butt teaching class at the gym. So we were both in the stage of jello legs, but my mental game was ON. I felt great, I was still smiling, and I was pumped to conquer this. She surprised me with Race Bibs that she made for us... the CSI 30-miler!
Florence Gift Set
I can understand why the general public have come to this view, without the benefit of seeing the full story. It is not beyond belief. Peoples opinions are often formed on information much less than is being presented here. But, if I form an opinion about somebody, I cannot report this, as fact, to the wider populace. If I printed a picture of somebody on my blog (where it will be seen by many fewer people than will see the back of the Mirror) under the word Murderer based on an opinion without the basis of fact, that person would quite rightly haul my backside through the courts.
We all have our little morning rituals that we do as we prepare for the day. I like that the days are longer now. Not that I don’t like the dark of night. I do. There is something quite appealing about it for me. What I love though is being part of the transition when day kisses night goodbye and the darkness fades and new energy and new life is once again breathed into our existence.
Bake, uncovered, at 350 degrees, 20 minutes, or until lightly browned. Serve warm with milk.
So thank goodness for the boy, who is basically a very good looking rock at the moment. He is my anchor and I honestly can't express how much I love him, although I do try by telling him I love him more than cake. I'm not sure he believes me.
THE ROLE OF REFORMISTS, CENTRISTS, PACIFISTS AND ANARCHISTS
It's simple to play along.. you can enter only once (no back-linking, please) and just follow Sassy Jackie's sketch for this week. The sassy design team will be by to say hello and leave a bit of sassyness! Just link up your creation here using InLinkz. You can link to your online gallery (SCS, PCP, etc.) or to your blog.
I have been working out hardcore in addition to all this madness for the past few months, and am thinking that I will do an entry each Monday outlining my positives and negatives of the week, chat about different recipes I have come across, post videos or photos involving exercise, and just give general advice during my SUMMER BODY PREPARATION! I recently found out I am gluten sensitive, so I will try to give insight and suggestions surrounding that topic as well!
To all my friends that are not in the best of health..get well soon.Take care of yourself ya
c. The Bill of Rights (BoR).
One item to watch very closely is meat prices. Meat prices, especially red meat, are sky rocketing!! Gone are the days of most meat prices at $2 or under per pound. The ‘new’ low price for red meat is more like $2.50-$3.00/lb. This is a lot higher than a year ago. So…when meat goes on sale for great/red deals, stock your freezer with as much as you can fit and afford. This will help you not have to get in a pinch and buy
He would go weave out of the stars
Trusts God always,
IRIS: Wisdom, Fleur-de-lis, emblem of France, valued friendship, faith, hope, valor, my compliments, passion. Associated with the twenty-fifth wedding anniversary. Represents the sending of a message.
2000s – Aria
"Yeah, but then I felt bad about it. See you! Why did you pick me out?!"
Of course, my first stop was Google where this little “gem” showed up. Yes, sheep are fluffy, but using that logic pretty much anything could be adorable. Including pubic hair. No one – I promise you – has ever described that as adorable.
The first one is a classic Nine Patch block. This one affords many opportunities for quilting that is straight line or fancy. It really depends on where it falls in the overall quilt top. Play with it and please share your ideas. We can all learn from them.
All this is just to say, once again, that you should write what is closest and most real for you and no one else. You should also keep a very open mind about feedback, critiques, and reviews. I have learned to embrace every opinion and celebrate the fact that people read my work in the first place!
When our waiter delivered our lunch, Brooklyn screamed, "I LOVE ca-cakes! YAY!!! CA-CAKES!" (pancakes)
37. Dream Cruise
Friday: REST DAY
However, some are not content with just song and play...they are attempting to become just a bit too 'friendly'. A very territorial robin is attempting to conquer my west facing windows. The reflection is too powerful to resist plowing into, over and over and over again. This is an annual thing, and we've tried masking the window, hanging predator looking critters and the like to no avail. I just hope he gets his nest made soon and moves on his way. Last spring, I had a little guy pounding that window until early summer, as his first nest was destroyed by a wind storm. They are very persistent.
It was what he couldn’t see that had caused Morgan’s pleading tantrum. While her sneakers crunched upon the frost-coated grass she looked down at her baby doll. “Don’t look at the windows Tilly, they’re just going to have bad words in them again” she pouted in a small petulant voice unheard by her father behind the only window that she hadn’t already labeled bad.
It is time to act decisively to end the demand!
“Plant More in ’44!” was emblazoned across posters during World War II that urged Americans to plant vegetable, fruit and herb gardens in lawns, public parks and strips of dirt. Almost 20 million Americans responded to the trend that began in Europe during WWI. The victory gardens produced up to 40 percent of the produce eaten in America during the second world war.
TAFESA
A few weeks ago I was invited to a breakfast hosted by our local school district. I’m on a committee made up of parents and faculty that regularly meets with our local superintendent, and the breakfast was a way to thank us for our involvement and for giving up that one morning each month. I have to be up and dressed by 8am for these meetings, a remarkable feat for me that truly deserves a reward of free bacon, so I accepted the invitation. Besides, if I didn’t go they would have just spent the money on something frivolous, like a new textbook for a second grader or a door for the teacher’s bathroom.
"You can't promise me that you won't disappoint me? You have no confidence that you will not cheat?"
In Tibetan tradition, Dakini (Tibetan Khandro) is a female embodiment of enlightened energy. Some Dakinis are full-fledged deities, but others are semi-divine and wear human bodies."The outer-outer dakini is a dakini in human form. She is a yogini, or Tantric practitioner in her own right." With or without the 'higher' philosophical teachings, the nuns naturally embodied the Enlightened Female Energy - Dakinis of Peace.
I didn't know her well.
xoxo :-*
But fairy tale-like stories were not satisfactory for me; soon I turned these things into practice myself, albeit on a very small scale. The railway verges where I passed by daily, got loaded with seeds of St.-John’s Wort, malva , evening primrose and their colleagues, and yes: it worked! I saw the landscape gaining colour, and becoming an attraction for butterflies, bees, and other crawling, flying and buzzing little creatures.
What do six teachers, two members of our educational leadership team, four reflective prompts, two educational foci, one ten minute orientation, five minutes in each of seven classrooms, and one twenty minute debrief equal? A moving professional learning experience!
I walked home, listening to my walkies dance mix on the iTouch and just enjoying the feeling of being healthy, warm, full of energy and alive. While I walked, a message came in from work, a complimentary one from the big boss about something I had done last week. Damn, what the hell is going on that today seems to be my karmic high? Pancakes, steak, beach, sun, tan, walkies and now a good email from work? I started to float. It is possible to float when walking.
Sticking with the motoring side of things for a few more minutes, there is the Top Gear corner, where fans of the Jeremy Clarkson world (sorry, can’t say I’m one of them) can enjoy seeing the various vehicles they have smashed, crashed, abused, built, driven and sailed, at very close quarters. There are also plenty of TV screens showing a selection of programme footage relating to their antics. The additional Top Gear Expo is a small dome that has yet more of their vehicles on display and you watch a short film that looks behind the scenes of the programme. Personally I find Mr Clarkson’s style of vocal emphasis rather irritating but it clearly works for him.
Ascent of Man:
We watch the rich and famous
You know the game you play with a two year old where you point to an object and say "what's this?" encouraging their correct reply? Well, Addie played that game with me this morning. She held up a (clean) diaper to me, showing me the picture, and said "Mom, what dis? I replied "Monkey" to which she replied "wight, m m m monkey!" She says a lot of her words repeating the beginning sound, not like a stutter, but like she's already working on her phonics. :)
hot fudge, fleur de sel caramel sauce, strawberry, mint chip, vanilla bean and chocolate ice creams, malt balls, peanut butter cups, chocolate chip cookie crumbles, roasted peanuts, slivered almonds, rainbow sprinkles, strawberries, cherries and whipped cream
Frank believes Obama is a Mohammedanite Mole, you can believe where Obama's true sympathies lie when you hear him talk. The downing of a drone by Iran was no accident. It is no coincidence that a drone also downed in the Seychelles which is partly controlled by China. Frank believes Iran will put a small nuke on a reverse-enginered stealth drone and nuke a city. This is also the second stealth craft - the first captured by Pakistan during the raid that killed Osama bin Laden.
It takes him some effort to escape. Kid realises that to prove himself innocent he has to find Sankey and make him confess. He finds the escaped convict choosing clothes in a store so that he can get out of his prison gear and steal a car to get clean away from the town. Sankey grabs the boy and locks him up in the restaurant kitchen cold store so that he freezes to death. Kid wiggles out of the freezer and races back up to the street where he sees Sankey about to steal a car. Kid grabs at the wheel as the car gathers speed and makes it crash. The car smashes through a bridge parapet and hurtles down towards a circus big-top below. Kid knocks Sankey out with a heavy bass drum mallet, forces the thug to write a confession and leaves him tied up to the chair near the wrecked car.
1 John 2:25 which says, " And this is the promise that He has promised us—eternal life." God has promise those who choose to follow him and have a relationship with Him eternal life! It is also, the name of my etsy shop! I thought in the long run it would be so much better!
I am feeling really positive about the change. I would love to help the world, by helping myself as well. I plan to place many cloth reusable bags in my back seat of my car or in the drunk depending on how many I have to start out with. I hope by keeping the bags in the car this will help me to remember to use them. This change might be hard at first because I have to remember to actually do it, but after the first couple times I believe it will become a habit, and possibly a new life style long term.
Post- Christianity.
A fair point. Yet, after summarizing several products Bond has hawked over the years – most notably cars, watches, and vodkas – Olmstead states the matter’s importance: “But switching him to beer is something quite different, a paradigm shift from his love of martinis…Furthermore, if Bond did drink beer, it would almost certainly be something more substantial than the ubiquitous Dutch lager, like an ale, porter or stout, likely of the British variety.”
The brain is still the best computer out there, but like all computers, are outstanding at some tasks and damnably slow at processing others. And with that in mind, so to speak, can we train ourselves to recognize when our brain compensates or over-compensates for stimulus it has never encountered before? When it fills in the spaces, the pixels, the sound waves as a result of our intent and belief in the situation? Pretty easy to find a ghost if you really want to find a ghost. And the intent of most ghost hunters is to find a ghost.
So. You get some of the dancers from our local Irish Dance School:
tigers in my mind!!
Very few people, if any, in my world believe that people can change. This almost brings me to tears.
When she isn't tapping away at her keyboard, Margaret engages in an epic battle against her never-ending laundry hampers, cajoles the flowers in her yard, sings into her hairbrush, and has been known to hold entire conversations speaking only in movie quotes.
Then there was the time my husband came home from a hunting trip and told me about a rather harrowing experience he'd had driving one of the other fellas to the hospital. (The poor guy fell out of a tree stand.) On the way to the hospital, my husband looked out his truck window and saw a wheel roll past. Turned out it was HIS wheel. Needless to say, he got everything fixed, and got the guy to the hospital okay, but what would YOU have said to him under the circumstances? Me? I sang. Uh-huh. I sang, You picked a fine time to leave me, loose wheel ... See? Sick, sick, sick. But not as sick as my penchant for potty humor.
“Aerospace is a pretty exciting field,” says David Zingg, director of the University of Toronto Institute of Aerospace Studies. “You have to be someone who is on the cutting edge, someone who has creativity, curiosity and also someone who has rigour and the fundamentals.”
Add-on sales is good value for both you and your customers so take the opportunity to sell more!
"Here be dragons."
The innovative Porsche 911 GT3 R Hybrid 2.0, with which the Porsche works drivers Romain Dumas (France) and Richard Lietz (Austria) conduct further tests at Laguna Seca, did not take part in the qualifying. At its debut on the West Coast of the USA, the vehicle is not eligible for points and starts from the back of the grid. At the final free practice, however, it demonstrated its huge potential turning the third quickest lap of all GT vehicles.
But when I was 13, something happened.
In practical terms, a new US attitude to South Africa means, among other things, that our country will fall ever lower as a preferred destination for foreign direct investment.
March 1st, 2012:
1. A person regarded as flighty, thoughtless, or disorganized.
17. A desire to break free from restrictive patterns, life-draining jobs consumptive lifestyles, and toxic people or situations. You feel a compelling need to “find yourself” and your life purpose — now! You want to be creative and free to be who you really are. You might find yourself drawn to the arts and nature. You want to unclutter yourself from things and people that nolonger serve you. Advice: Do it!
First, I made the slaw and set it aside. Combine the shredded cabbage and carrots in a large bowl. Peel and section one orange and toss the orange, cabbage and carrot together. Into a separate bowl, juice the remaining orange, and add the oil, vinegar and honey. Whisk those ingredients together until really emulsified and then add to the vegetable/fruit mixture. Really toss the slaw with the dressing well and then set aside.
If the unit activates using Reactive Fire (or fails to do so) it doesn’t need to make an activation roll.
As I’ve always said to my children and some of the sisters-in-Islam …. our life is like a jigsaw, as much as we women know its “wajib” (compulsory) to put on the headscarf till below our chest to protect our modesty, its also wajib for us to perform the 5 daily prayers, to fast, to do good deeds, to have good heart and characters, to be filial piety to our parents, to respect the elderly and other mankind. So putting on the headscarf is just one corner or portion of the jigsaw …. something which I know can easily be achievable if only we submit totally to Allah’s command without much fuss compared to the other “wajibs” especially the daily prayers.
ii. It results in an unjust disadvantage to the consumer;
Discworld, in case you don’t know, is a flat world supported by four elephants balanced on the back of a turtle. Humans, a few of them wizards and witches, live there in varying degrees of harmony with every fantasy creature you can name, including vampires, werewolves, dwarves, trolls and goblins. Some of the humans and creatures are very nice. Others are utterly the opposite. Their city is a festering den of iniquity. Daily life is a dangerous undertaking.
I was thinking about the organizing blogs I read, and all the homemaker chat that goes on. There’s a lot of it out there. I think as wives and mothers in today’s world, there’s a lot more to balance. And, in some cases, I think our days are busier.
He needed to be dragged out of his car in to the street and flogged without retribution.
It’s a fact that budgets WILL spiral, unforseen events cause delays (aka the firing of drunken roofers!!) and delays cost money. Then there’s the stuff you didn’t think to include in the budget that costs the earth….we have spent over $3,000 on nails & screw alone so far..no i’m not even joking!!! And how were we to know that we would have to pay to get parts of our home drywalled only for it to get ripped out again a few weeks later and then we’d pay AGAIN for it to get put back once more work was approved and done… sheer madness but a necessity because we live here and so work has to work around us. And I’ve mentioned before that we are debris box addicts but we had planned for 5 in the budget which seemed totally reasonable and now we are on our 18th…yes you read that right 18 boxes at $500 a pop..that’s quite a bit of cash to pay for stuff to be removed from the house!
As soon as I have confirmation of your order, I will add you to the shipping list.
On a side note, I wanted to say thank you to all who left a helpful/supportive comment on Friday's post, either in response to our box-spring situation or my hair situation. Moving is tough, and the transition is only made tougher with four months of unrestful sleep and bad hair days. Ok, I'm being a little dramatic, they weren't all bad, but I think some of you may be able to relate to how I feel. It's the small things. Anyways, I'm planning a larger post about our moving experience soon.
I could talk about how the Frankenstein story in all its versions is very much about how giving into the fear of death and trying to avoid it at all costs can only lead to destruction…but this is Young Frankenstein and that might be going just a little far. The same with the story’s warning against need for humility in the face of the hubris of science to feel it shouldn’t have any restrictions placed upon it by ethics and morals…but again such a discussion is really pushing it with this version…and I just can’t say that any other version is worthy of being in a top 30 list. These themes are there because of the source material, but they’re not the focus of Brook’s film.
There must be a break for cat blogging.
In mitigation, Lee’s lawyer Melanie Ho told the court that her client was misled about the girl’s real age and when he met the girl’s pimp, Tang Boon Thiew, he was told that the girl was 19 years old.
To top it off, I checked the showtime Mr. LOC specified (the only reasonable one on Sunday), and it's the 3D version. I get motion sick on a swing. I got motion sick watching my ex play World of Warcraft. I'm not so sure I'm up for 2 hours in the theatre of things appearing to fly off the screen or whatever the heck it is the special effects/glasses get you. I of course replied already saying it looked like it was the 3D version, but I could give it a shot. But I've kind of had enough.
Please make a donation to pay for the heat…
Weee..It's nice to be back blogging after a week of boring times without internet connection and power supply here in our place because of the recent storm at last my internet is back now hope it won't failed again haha...although I've read in the news that there will be another low pressure oh my! hope this won't give us such destruction like the recent storm "basyang" take a look of the photo below.
12 Cottonfields
Ok, Karen is a little bitchy only less over the top.
There are three things in all the world that help that missing, and I have all three. I have my copper-haired big girl princess Bug filled with smiles and words and her very own personality bursting right out of her.
It takes the divinity of the mighty Third Person of the Godhead to enable us to know the only true God and Jesus Christ whom the Father has sent. This is the exact same God and Jesus Christ as described in Deuteronomy and in Isaiah.
The authorities have also yet to officially announce the list of roads that they will block.
True, this woman didn’t have any of the standard witch traits. And Izzy should know. It was safe to say that she had read every fairy or folktale concerning witches. In fact, she was almost sure she had read every fairytale in existence, and she had the books upstairs in her room to prove it. She knew that witches came in one of two varieties: hunchbacked hag, or cruelly beautiful sorceress. That’s just the way things were.
Above all, this is a wonderful mystery with a puzzle at its heart. It's full of history, friendship, intrigue and heart. Check out The Danger Box. I think it'll steal your heart like it did mine.
Hard to say – but one thing is clear to me – this is good stuff!
I try to keep my blog as open testimony. Which is sometimes easy and sometimes er…..not so much. Disclosure about who I am is therapeutic …even if painful sometimes. But I maintain that a man should have only good secrets and I am not above the law.
As the countdown to the Games continues, Acas will be publishing new and updated guidance to help you:
Now, that’s a perfectly fine set-up, and writer Theodore Sturgeon deftly handles the emotional aspects of this entire story, but the narrative holes and contrivances are Swiss cheese-like. For instance, Chapel has “specially prepared” the Vulcan soup for Spock. What the f*ck does that mean? Doesn’t the Enterprise just automatically zap up food for people with a food replicator or synthesizer or something as long as they’ve got menu cards? Do they even have raw food around for Chapel to “specially prepare” the soup? Are we to believe that Spock, who’s the most highly thought-of First Officer in the fleet according to Kirk in this very episode, can’t get a bowl of purple soup when he wants one? But Chapel can somehow get her hand on the ingredients to whip up a batch?
Perfect Pizza fraction directions
19. How are you and your mom different? "I'm cooler"
Shower number 2, and off to an appointment.
"I don't know what it would be like to go to a college in what we call the real world, I think I would go fucking crazy" ("human mic" breaks down in this one)
Thanks for visiting!
“It got you up!” Ronan raised his arm in defense.
7 Power Play 3:50
Eyes of the Nun (video) – Producer
In a multiracial society like ours, you cannot depend just on one ethnic group to win.
In 1965 she recorded her second English-language album to be released in the United States, entitled Nana Sings. American calypso musician Harry Belafonte heard and liked the album. Belafonte brought Mouskouri on tour with him through 1966. They teamed for a live duo album entitled An Evening With Belafonte/Mouskouri. During this tour, Belafonte suggested that Mouskouri remove her signature black-rimmed glasses when on stage. She was so unhappy with the request that she wanted to quit the show after only two days. Finally, Belafonte relented and respected her wishes to perform while wearing glasses.
While my love for the old and timeless runs deep, I do have a little spunky, contemporary side I have to let loose so there will be a few details to show that. While I plan on wearing an ivory wedding gown, I'm looking forward to having fun with my shoes and coloring the soles a vibrant pink for a bright, bold and unexpected splash of color. And Jeff has already picked out a fun pair of colorful argyle socks to wear with his wedding day suit.
“It doesn’t matter now anyway. I’m sorry I brought it up.”
Weve finally gotten some rain! I love how it makes everything seem clean. Listening to my windchimes. The hubby brought me a warm cup of hazelnut coffee!!!
Dartmouth and University of Pennsylvania have started to include LGBT-centered activities that students can look at joining upon admission. How refreshing to see a handful of college campuses working to embrace LGBT students. What a stark contrast to the bigoted Republican Presidential candidates signing a pledge to discriminate against us and treat as sub-human, a la Bachmann whose husband goes against APA best practices with his “reparative therapy.” I am hopeful that Millennials like Tim Jung, Lex Kahn, and Maria Khan have had enough of the fear mongering bigoted homophobic tactics of the right wing and will prove to be the generation that makes a safer environment for all people. For those of you in the LGBT community looking for a safe school, you may want to consider Elmhurst College. Click here to read the full article.
"Sorry, Rel, I didn't mean..." Dora looked at him, brows lowered and pinched in a way that didn't really match her apologetic tone.
After I posted this... I made a discovery...
The government must deliver
(my nickname… short for Kylie)
09. White Minority
The Western Wall
Roberts' dishonesty is clear when he makes the rather hyperbolic accusation that the secret cabal changed in a "matter of days" the English translation. Rather, Mr. Roberts, anyone who knows anything about this process, and you don't have to be a sacred liturgist to know this, knows that this translation was in the making for nearly ten years, and that the now lame-duck ICEL translation was considered merely temporary from the very beginning. What is Roberts trying to get across by being so blatantly dishonest?
Izzie’s- ive never actually tried anything from Izzies and was a great way to branch out for me. They look so realistic and the lips are ultra cool. The shimmery glittery eyeshadow is pretty awesome! – WHO DOESNT LOVE GLITTER?! I know i do!
6. Say: O you who are Jews, if you think that you are the favorites of Allah to the exclusion of other people, then invoke death If you are truthful.
1/8 tsp. nutmeg
I’m here to help you, even if it doesn’t feel that way. Anna is dying and you must accept that. And you must accept that it’s not your fault, that you did the best you could. No one can ask any more of a person.
LL I think the American market is very vague and more of a money making market. I feel like overseas they’re more about talent and they know their artists. I’m trying to come out overseas because I feel like they will appreciate my music faster. I’ll market myself in places like Italy, Amsterdam, or Switzerland and build my fan base in order to cross over in America.
You find yourself in a field. The Romans called this place the Elysian Fields. Look about you and all is calm. In the clear distance is an endless chain of snow covered mountains. Close to you is a purple fog. The fog is an expression of the purple violet flame we hear so much about.
Embellishment: Stickles Diamond
…one year before the Adam West-movie and
The question shocked me.
A has had the old roof off & a new roof on all by himself this summer ... can I find the camera anywhere ... no? So no pics. Very annoying. I have no idea where the bloody thing is. B swears she knows nothing. I have a week off & I'm having a major sort so hopefully it will come to light somewhere.
But why is Karman the target of Abdullah's anger? For unlike the other women that Abdullah and his salafi friends have been character assassinating, such as Nuwara Negm, she has solid Islamist credentials as a high-ranking member of the main Islamist party in Yemen, Al Islah. She is the aristocracy of Islamist women activists and politicians.
The Green Campaign scalps another ‘Pinocchio’!
She floated down to Camelot:
I'm also under the pump, trying to get something finished in time for the Tangerine Tango Quilt Challenge - (more info on that here at Ali's blog, a.squared.w), but it's touch and go!
Although I agreed it was a wonderful approach, this idea of “job- shadowing” each
Before looking at the issues such a case might raise, I think it is helpful to look across the Atlantic, to the recent perjury trials of two of the most famous baseball players of all time, Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens. Both of them have been tried on charges of perjury and associated offences with differing results.
The truth is that the government is taking emergency preparedness very seriously these days. For example, you can see video of a high-level NASA official urging NASA employees to develop preparedness plans for their own families right here.
I felt much better after looking through pictures, plans and making progress on our own house.
OK.. off to get everything ready for my friends visit!
Ahhhh, if only I had the answer. I don't. But I do have a determination to make next week a better one than the past two. And hopefully, if I find myself stuck with what to write next, I'll come back and read this post and try one of the things I mentioned to get me going.
Once in the shower I covered my crotch with shaving cream and began to clean up as best I could. Ten to one, the hottie next door was bare as a baby’s ass. The razor was not as sharp as I’d hopped and snagged here and there. Instead of a complete shave I did my balls and some of my shaft. At least baby girl would not be getting a stray hair caught in her throat tonight.
1 shem
I marinated this for maybe 4 hours. When you’re ready to cook, light a grill and make sure it’s, well, pretty hot. I use a classic Weber charcoal grill and hardwood charcoal (not briquets, which I think have some kind of chemicals in them). I just fill that little charcoal chimney thing until the coals are glowing orange, starting to turn white, and carefully pour them into the grill. Very carefully.
Whichever way you look at it, this is all very odd. Giving evidence later to the Culture, Media & Sport committee about the hush-money paid to hacking victim Gordon Taylor of the PFA soon afterwards, Crone gave this answer:
He's written songs that have been sung by Elvis, Johnny Cash, and Willie Nelson, among others, and continues to write songs that tell great stories.
Look at all the display options then plan your shop accordingly.
Arginine is thought to increase nitric oxide production, leading to increased vasodilation and
and when she came down from a jump,
So...yeah. I had to flame myself before any of you did it in the comments.
I was His slut. The one He has been training me to be.
But... The first one, because to sell a half-finished manuscript all around the world, it just changed my life. And when people talk about books that changed their lives - reading a book or writing one - that was the book that changed my life. In the space of a few hours, after being at the London Book Fair, my life just changed, within a couple of hours. And it was just, after having 16 books for other people, that my name never appeared on, to actually see a book appear in a bookstore, with my name on it, was a very special moment.
On that note, everything we've got left in stock is now on SALE. And I mean a really good sale. Kits that were originally $25-$30 are now $7-$12. There are about a dozen different designs on sale, and some of them are really low in quantities, so don't be too shocked if some of them sell out kinda quickly. Just click on the Cricut Kits page to check them out. Shipping is available only in the US for this event, as it is rather difficult and time-consuming to ship internationally (sorry!!). I'll start shipping the kits out in the next couple of days.
Please send us a message on Facebook on how we can be praying for you!
If it rains on your wedding day or your cake isn't quite how you imagined, let it go. Savor the day and enjoy the fact that no matter what happens, this is the first wonderful day of being husband and wife.
Everyone is to contribute a stanza in different forms. We are joining together, to make an enormous renga. The renga is a long Japanese poem, a series of very short verses in an alternating pattern, built by a group. There are links and references scattered within the greater poem, and each verse is related without being repetitive.
Tata Indigo Gemstones is a compact four door designed by Tata Motors The indian subcontinent. This kind of car is pretty popular among consumers and holds a good spot in the industry. So, at this point not one but two competitive sedans function together with Indian roads. Let’s look at cool features, specifications and also engine information of the two cars.
The silence between them carried on as they traveled across the large stone bridge into Redridge. The sun was setting as they did so, it would soon be dark, and they would not be at a town. Guess that’s what happens when you start a day’s journey with less than half a day’s worth of light left.
The Suicide of Western Culture
Hannah and Emily are doing great as well. Our family enjoyed watching Hannah play one of the dwarfs in the CFE Drama production of "Fairy Tale Courtroom-REMIXED". She loves drama class and looking forward to next year. She also played in her first tennis tournament. While she didn't win, she played really well and all her games were close. Emily is really doing well in her trumpet lessons and did an awesome job on her solo at the homeschool recital. Last week she got to play in the advanced band for the first time. Both girls did fabulous!
I proceeded to email him back immediately telling him ABSOLUTELY YES and within 5 more minutes I got a very excited email from Kallie!
Baked zucchini and black bean tacos with corn and cilantro salsa.
Doesn't it just fill our hearts up with hope and cheer when we see the beautiful bright bobbing heads of daffodils? Every spring I love filling the house with them. They bring a certain life to each room, and sunshine each day.
FOOD FACT: In 1981, three-and-a-half tons of Jelly Belly beans were shipped to Washington, D.C. for Ronald Reagan’s inauguration. Blueberry, one of the most popular flavors today, was developed so there would be patriotic red, white and blue jelly beans at the festivities.
So where did I use up the fun points? At Hank Sinatra's house party off of East Riverside. It's an awesome place, like what I remember from East Texas pig roasts I've attended in the past...BBQ Smoker, beer, and stage. It didn't seemed like the place you'd find a bunch of Brits, but 90% of the people talked funny, like the Queen of England. It really seemed that a real life Murray Hewitt (Flight of the Conchords) had been lead astry with bad booking for these people. Seems a contingent of British Bands had taken up residence in a rented house two doors from Hank and noticed his back yard would be awesome for a party....so they did. After the kegs ran out, they broke ouut that fine English beer, Old English Malt Liquor in delightfully sized 40 ouncers. I was trying to find a band called 'The Heavy' and had found about this place on their page. After much searching we found that they wouldn't be on until 7. I figured I'd miss them once again but we such a fine time we made it the needed 3 hours to seem the Heavy get it cranked up.
The tears dwells in no way to escape
It's writing that's so good, it soars. Please please watch the clip. You won't regret it. The embedded video is unwatcheable on Apple iPad and iPhone. I assume it has something to do with flash. Also the video comes from a Chinese server because YouTube had embedding blocked for the exact same video clip. So I went to a lot of trouble to show this to you guys!
Eliss is lying on the floor in front of him, throat torn open, spine nearly severed. Her blood is pooled around her head, one arm broken, the other flung outward stick-like. Her pale skin is gaunt now like a ghost’s. Her clothes have been torn to shreds and her eyes stare up at him, not in accusation, but in fear, pain, desperate pleading. She still lives, then.
1) Learn how to spell hors d'oeuvres so I don't have to google it every single time.
As I write this, Peyton Manning is contemplating his future as a quarterback with the Tennessee Titans, the Arizona Cardinals, or the Denver Broncos. If you don't watch football, you probably don't know this, nor do you care. But I gotta say, we are mighty anxious Cardinal fans in the Mull household. And we are not alone. Fans of all three teams have to be on edge until the decision is announced. If I were a betting person, which, thankfully I'm not, I would put my money on Tennessee. (Although my wires, as Gary calls them, say he is coming to Phoenix. Oh, and those wires are dowsing rods. Bet you didn't know I had those, did you? Well, Gary asked me to use them to see what they would show. I still don't believe it. But by the time you read this, we may know if they are right or wrong.)
Undimmed in time immemorial
This is my 1st try with this type of card. As you can see I must have gotten a fold wrong. But it was fun trying it. The designer paper is from Recollections. It can only be purchased at Michaels from my understanding. I paired it with Blushing Bride cardstock. The senitment is from Hero Arts and this is my newest magnolia. (One of them!). I also used my new martha stewart punch across the top and some mini flowers I punched out and scrunched around with a stylus and added a pearl to each and also added some ribbon.
To Chelsea, Fernando
Apparently this did enjoy a number of spins in the clubs at the time, and copies of it are surprisingly easy to come by these days, which would suggest that it did sell reasonably well (as indeed many Northern discs did, selling steadily over the course of many months rather than storming the charts). What seems peculiar now obviously passed as a semi-credible disc at the time, and I must admit that I do enjoy the jauntiness of this record - but I've a sneaking suspicion that if I tried to spin it at a club night now, I'd be accused of taking the piss. But maybe, just maybe...
Yourself
It doesn’t have to be this way. Workers deserve dignity. They deserve safe places to live, to work, and better enforcement of the few laws that protect them. Consumers deserve the opportunity to know where their food is coming from and know that workers have good conditions. Consumers should know that about 76 cents of each dollar on food they spend goes to the corporation. The remainder goes to the farmer and the farmworker.
Nevertheless the proffie continues with his lies and distortions by saying “The most important provision of the Act stated that Africans could no longer buy, lease, or in any other manner acquire land outside a scheduled area, except by acquiring that land from another African, and Europeans were prohibited from buying or leasing land from an African.”
Hugh pan fried the squirrel the next night and actually, I lied, there wasn't really enough left for sandwiches the next day but it made a good title and we did consider it (It was humous and Lime leaf really..try Lime leaves if you're not used to wild foods, they're mild tasting pleasant introduction to the world of foraging! Lovely in sandwiches or salads.) Leo was going to bed at the time of the pan frying and was quite upset at missing out, so we kept him a leg and he ate it after his porridge the next morning. I have never eaten squirrel and it was delicious, like a rich, dark, woody chicken.
and if you're looking for a Steampunk game,
Their industry critic, MP Marc Garneau, says the contract cannot be allowed because there was no public tender.
Music has Charms to soothe a savage Breast and Hell has no fury like a woman scorned.*
After our coffee, we tramped around the city streets. Tremont is a neighborhood of streets coming together at odd angles. It is a wacky mixture of decaying old homes, renovated old homes, churches, and new condos. Despite the good inventory of dumpy homes and the lack of people walking around outside, I still felt pretty safe walking around during the day. We avoided the sketchier looking streets and tramped up and down the ones that looked a little more cared for. At one point I was able to stand and count 4 – 5 churches within a block of each other. Cleveland has more churches than any other city I have ever been to.
This idea that language has a cut-off point at which it cannot convey emotional and sensual overload or intensity is an interesting one, explored by many poets. But rather than leave the reader with an ellipsis or use some clichéd received expression for climax, or the aftermath of sex, Chase pushes language forward until she obtains this nugget:
“I just feel that—”
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
I wake up to a barrage of emails, Facebook posts and text messages telling me that my email account has been hijacked. Turns out someone somehow got control over my ancient Hotmail account, created over 10 years ago and rarely, if ever, accessed in the past few years.
Ruben, I'm so honored to be your wife. You really were handpicked just for me by our all-knowing God. I would have never imagined our first year of marriage to hold such heartache, but I'm so glad He gave me you as an anchor. You're not perfect, but you're perfect for me. Thank you for loving me so well even when I'm unlovable! You're more than I deserve.
When Eleanor's father dies she is left with his estate as well the responsibility to care for the peasants who live on her land. She is also left with the decision of whether or not to drain the wetlands which provide homes and work for those under her care. When dashing Edmund Ashfield enters into the picture he woos Eleanor and they marry forcing Eleanor's property into Edmund's control. Unfortunately their marriage is not very passionate and this lack of passion pushes Eleanor into the arms of Edmund's charasmatic friend, Richard Glanville.
The position adopted on here towards the referendum is set out above, but it needs to be said that this is not a black-and-white question by any stretch. And there are good reasons to consider a different stance.
Is it because people are too sensitive? In the corporate world, we aren’t talking about physical violence, that will get you fired, we are talking about (basically) hurting someone’s feelings. I don’t like the way you rolled your eyes at me. I don’t like you talking behind my back. I don’t like you giving me the silent treatment. I don’t like you blaming me. I don’t like you backstabbing me. I don’t like… Jeebus. Grow a spine.
“Young man, you have deceived me! You are not an orphan, but have worthy parents who attend to all of your needs. Having solicited funds through fraud you must accompany me to the police station. Confess all and the judge may be lenient!”
But every once in awhile, a funny thing happens. The planets align so that a snow day happens on a day off. You have a chance to enjoy the beauty of the snowflakes from the comfort of your easy chair while enjoying that first cup of coffee of the day. The world once again looks magical and it brings back memories of days gone by.... of sleds named Rosebud and the joy of childhood. And life is good.
For now, here is a tiny speck of my last shoot...
#7: Follow the RockerByeBaby blog. (in the upper right hand side.)
The years I missed opportunities
Out of the parts banks currently owned by the state after the 2008 crisis the government creates a permanent, well capitalised, state investment bank. The bank invests in British business with priorities decided by the government, focusing on investments that are long-term, sustainable, supportive of regional growth, and lead to decreases in Britain’s carbon emissions.
Love Tor xx
President Bill Clinton happily signed the 1977 Community Reinvestment Act to clamp down on the biased actions used by mortgage lenders against low-income and especially, black would-be home buyers. The prime target was ‘redlining’ or setting aside entire areas where lenders refused loans or demanded top credit before making them. These were always, low-income areas and affected disproportionate numbers of blacks. Until the government came to rescue them with the new law.
So where does this leave us? Well, I am going to continue on my path with greater awareness of these principles, and use them as a guide whenever possible. I will still drink my green smoothies once in a while, but maybe commit to proper food combining at least one meal a day. That feels reasonable for me right now. Start small. I love how I am talking myself through this in front of you.
I saw Genesis at, of all places "The Will Rogers Auditorium" in 1975. I had seen them on 'American Bandstand " or something, and the song they did featured Peter Gabriel crushing the rest of the band with a big mallet, one like you would imagine Thor carrying, and he had a deranged look on his face and this appealed very strongly to me, being 17 and all.
The far future looks rather familiar, but who is that black lady with the London accent?
Divine madness was something to be valued highly, because it was the source of art, music, love, the imagination and our connection to the soul. How did Socrates balance reason and unreason? He didn’t. Sometimes he speaks from one aspect of himself, sometimes from another. The Socratic problem is that when you look closely, the father of Western philosophy cannot be defined one way or the other.
will he get a record deal? will it be hip hop or ihop? with the label Bisquick or, uh, Atlantick? TIME WILL TELL.
I am trying to recall the last time I saw the remains of an accident or murder victim shown in The Washington Post or Los Angeles Times. I realize that lifeless bodies are part of reality, but it is still somewhat jarring to see them in print.
The Bible has been recognized as the most historically accurate writing from antiquity or ancient times. The inspired Words of God, it was written by over 40 authors over a period of 1,500 years and shows a continuity and unity of thought and purpose never seen in any writing. It was written by prophets, kings, warriors, farmers, statesmen, doctors, lawyers, and fishermen with widely varying educational and life experiences.
What advice would you give to a beginning author?
It filled me up.
PLEASE make sure that you send the submission in the body of your email with two carriage returns between paragraphs, and make sure your name and genre are correctly labeled at the top.
So here are the deets:
In fact every other quote (or promises as they like to call them, since apparently they are promising you that anything can be accomplished by just eating chocolate...which now that I think about it is a very valid point) seemed to be about fulfilling dreams.
Chicken and Leek Pasta (serves 4)
“But it just wasn’t plausible,” insisted Loren. “All these good works…their churches would be doing that. It just didn’t ring true.”
Hopefully to a full time position within the same company.
Now, until the walls are painted, and I can gauge the size of the star wall, I probably won't make the artwork, but I did scour the net for some great alphabet art inspirations that I loved.
With what feels soft and sweet like fresh mango
Answer: Greece
Not just any tequila, either. He ordered 1800. And when the guy set them down in front of us they were double shots, in those extra large shot glasses. Let it be known I had never had tequila before. I was nervous. Dad ordered more beer as a chaser and down the hatch went the tequila. I laughed afterward - what the hell was he talking about?
In this great article on emergent behaviour in groups, the author talks about social negotiation, emergent behaviour and self organisation. As groups grow above a certain size, the art of social negotiation gives way to what you might call swarm intelligence. When a large group is faced with a single task, they tend to look around us and work with what is to hand. This includes both the people around us and the environment we are in. The overall group is not controlled by a central brain, but is distributed with behaviour emerging over time. For a large group setting out to get something done (like ants building a nest or birds flying south for the winter) this is also called stigmergic collaboration.
This book was amazing, it really didn’t take many hours to finish because it was just so difficult to put down! So my husband was ignored and the housework was forgotten because I was Kate and I was in Paris with the revenants (being a Kate myself certainly helped with that idea!).
The band already have impressed during their rise up the UK metal ranks, tours and shared stages with the likes of Bring Me The Horizon, Your Demise, For The Fallen Dreams, and Emmure around not only the UK but Europe and Australia, bringing constant upward surge in their following and anticipation for their debut release. When It Rains produced by renowned producer/engineer Joey Sturgis (Devil Wears Prada, Asking Alexandria, Miss May I), does not disappoint at all only pleases.
5. I can hula and even use poi balls, (my boys find it hilarious but I wont earn their respect until I light the poi balls on fire.)
Reading non-mainstream poetry is not a question of 'difficulty' as such. None of Amy De'Ath's poems are in any real sense of the word, about difficult subject matter. A lot of them could be described as 'occluded love poems', and in poems like Poetry for Boys, there is a feminist approach that again is occluded. What is a difficulty is not the subject but the approach to the subject. The approach (approaches?) is indirect, circular, deliberately imprecise.
Oh, pretty pretty please, don't you ever ever feel
Total 150 calories or 3 points
I'm happy, I'm content.. I still question .. but who doesn't.
The Pros and Cons of Replica Watches
“One girl walks up to one of the photogs and nailed him right in the face,” Muncy said. “He popped her right back.” Muncy said the photographer was Lucas Jackson of Reuters.
“Ye shall be witnesses unto me, both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.”
-- It's a gorgeous day, clear and crisp and faintly magnolia-scented, and I so don't want to grade. I don't even want to grade the three remaining Shakespeare papers, which are probably all going to be quite good, and I REALLY don't want to grade the rest of the comp papers, which almost all suck. (Seriously, did it occur to any of these students that the reason why we did annotated bibliographies right before the final papers is that they would be expected to, you know, cite sources? Or that if I suggest a change after reading a draft, it would be a good idea to MAKE that change before they turn in the final version? Based on the papers I have read so far, I think the answers are "no" and "no.")
My desktop is full of pictures and ideas for blog posts.
While you stammered:
October 24 - Florence Parry Heide, children's author ("The Shrinking of Treehorn"), 92
On this hodge podge day …I know that Love is probably really the answer…no matter what the question is…
`(B) theft or misappropriation of private or government information, intellectual property, or personally identifiable information.Aside from the ability to censor any speech that a given service does not approve of, that definition sums up the target of this bill pretty bluntly. A was written would make it easier to hunt down anyone suspect in participating in Anonymous activism and B opens hunting season on pirates of the file-sharing variety.
In a large heavy saucepan mix butter, sugar, and evaporated milk. Stir over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Cook to boiling, cover, and boil for 5 minutes. Add marshmallows; stir until melted. Add chocolate, one kind at a time, stirring until melted. Stir in nuts and vanilla. Pour into buttered 15-by-10-inch jelly roll pan. Cool until firm before cutting fudge into 1-inch squares. If desired, press pecan half into each square. Fudge
He asked if we might be Mr. and Mrs. Pappillions parents, “um yes, we are”….and then this absolutely darling kid, introduced himself as her ATTORNEY. Sweet Nectar.
We can look at this debate, and, in the spirit of the argument which opened this discussion, dismiss this as a pointless, divisive quibble over a letter i. Why should the Church divide, they ask, over something so trivial? Why should we disagree about something so meaningless? But is it really meaningless? I am enlightened here by Baron Friedrich von Hügel’s assessment of the debate. He challenges us to consider, for a moment, a string of zeroes—000,000. Now consider a string of zeroes with a small hash mark at the front of them—1,000,000. To one person the only difference is that little mark—“It’s merely a stroke” they say. But to a banker, or even more to an account holder, that little ‘1’ makes all the difference in the world. Theology is the same way. The iotas matter. They aren’t incidental. And to dismiss theological debate as unhelpful on those grounds is an opinion that is birthed from pure ignorance and folly.
NDC
This week we get back to what this show is about; losing weight and making positive changes in your life. All of the excuses we’ve covered so far are challenges for the contestants on this episode because they are all going home for 18 days. Yes, 18. I think that’s a first for this show. Usually it’s just a week. Ali tells them right after Daphne’s elimination and the next morning they are on their way. As an extra incentive, anyone who loses 5% of their body weight will have immunity and can’t be voted out.
Boo, I stabbed myself with the reamer :(
Sierra took the summer off of blogging, and then extended her summer break into the fall. She was just having too much fun! There was swimming and hiking- and even a trip across the country. She really had a lot to write about, just not the opposable thumbs to do it, and her secretary ran off to Sedona and was just plain lazy.
And your presence as you filled our home with smells, tastes and textures of your expession of that love. With hugs, smiles and tears and prayers that kept us going through this time in our lives that came all too soon and unexpectedly.
"I remember one evening in particular, the evening of Madelyn's 'new birthday.' She had proclaimed that from now on she would celebrate her birthday on the date of her successful triple bypass the previous year, when she had been born again."Madelyn wasn't the main character, and her "new birthday" was just a couple of sentences in a 405-page novel. Did I subconsciously remember that from about a decade ago? Or did the author and I both dream it up independently? Whatever, the synchronicity of finding it just after celebrating MY new birthday was really a strange feeling.
A Christmas Wish ... Hallmark Channel ... 6 PM
29
When I miscarried before I was woken up from a deep sleep (I think it was a deep sleep because it was 3am or somewhere close to that time) with cramps across my stomach. I thought they were poop cramps so I went to the bathroom, did my thing, and returned to bed. The entire time I was in the bathroom I was cramping.
*The 24-hour news media is contributing to panic and uncertainty in the economy. When they don’t have any “news” to report, they lock onto an issue and blow it all out of proportion to make it seem important. They talk things to death and opinionate, often without facts. What they say makes no difference in what is happening, other than to upset people and create doubt. If they won’t give it a rest, one can always turn off the tube, radio, or internet.
Aside from patience being a virtue in regards to this situation, there is someone who I am sure I owe a million thanks to and that is his mum/mom. So if you’re reading this, thank you.
Marillier’s novel is a close retelling of the original tale that weaves in other elements of folklore. An enchanted prince. Vampires, called Night People in the novel. A magic mirror. And a witch of the woods who can help or harm depending on how she is treated by those who encounter her. The result is a rich, enchanting tale that makes you want to slip away to the Other Kingdom at the next full moon.
This morning, I went for a swim when I'd dropped littlest at school. It was a joy. Quiet pool – only three others there, and two of them finished their swims partway through mine. So there was plenty of room to turn round at the end of a length; nobody splashing me; and I felt wonderful afterwards. (Scary thought. I might actually like exercise, if it's on my terms.)
Florida is particularly difficult. Add the once-rapid suburbanization and associated property values with the commodity of Osceolas and the fact large tracts of private land are held by huge corporations, and chances at free land are scarce. Because of the demand, leases here cost more than equivalent lands in Georgia and South Carolina. By far. Things ease up as you move up that way which is why – not from a perceived lack of game non-resident hunters assume about the Sunshine State – Florida hunters travel in droves up I-75 and I-95 each year to chase deer. And by the time you get there, the value of QDM managed land increases to the point that a lease is about inevitable. There are fewer whitetail dummies these days. If a dollar can be made, assure yourself it will.
but when she looked at the shot of raspberry hair that I had painted in second time round...
Nate the Great and Les play off each other perfectly. Nate's the young pup always ready to start a fight and prove himself, and Les is crafty enough to get them out of some really sticky situations relying solely on his wits and the surroundings (like a MacGyver of whorehouses and bar fights). They are a classic quest couple, as different and complimentary as Don Quixote and Sancho. The tension and violence increase the closer they get to Blackway, and meanwhile, the conversation among Whizzer and co. hints at new information that puts their quest in a new light. As the sun sets the trio moves toward the final confrontation. At this point I was really nervous and anxious to finally meet Blackway. And he didn't disappoint.
In today's mail, I received another forward from a friend. This forward was yet another article which brought criticism of something President Obama has said or done.
Following registration, opening comments from the organisers and morning tea the 2011 FCPI symposium began with a keynote address by Professor Patrick Sookhdeo, a Senior Visiting Research Fellow and counter-terrorism expert from the UK Defence Academy for Cranfield University, speaking on surveillance, privacy, collaboration and civility in the modern age. In a broad sweeping talk he discussed various issues related to terrorism in the era of social media and social networking, with a strong focus on the United Kingdom.
I decided to choose the book Shadow, by Michael Morpurgo, because I absolutely BAWLED while reading it. This is the same guy who wrote War Horse, and while I think that movie sounds good, I’m definitely more of a dog person than I am a horse person so I immediately thought THIS book should’ve been done instead.
singing to the birthday girl
I promised some suggestions on where you can acquire gold and other precious metals. Many people want to have a local person that they can buy and sell their gold through. Everyone is entitled to their own choice, I can only speak from my own experience.
And even though I have my struggles I am still very lucky.
People of faith, including me, need to strive to literally practice what we preach. It isn’t always easy, but it is important. All people need to behave with integrity; and, since they are such role models, this is especially important for entertainers.
How he’d gotten stuck with this he didn’t know. That was what he got for not paying attention in meetings. He’d been bulldozed by his two brothers along with Tori, Kent Construction’s oh-so-efficient but manipulative office manager.
Looking Ahead: 2011 is looking to be a busy year when it comes to racing. I am registered for both the Boston and New York Marathons and off and running in my Boston training. I missed the structure of training for a marathon but also miss being able to run in shorts and a tee-shirt. Training for a spring marathon should be interesting, but I am up for the challenge. I am working towards some exciting goals and am excited to see what 2011 will bring.
Another tragic event recently brought PTSD into the spotlight yet again. This was when Army Sgt. Robert Bales allegedly killed 16 men, women, and children in Afghanistan on March 11, 2012. I say allegedly because this case hasn’t gone to trial yet. Speculation has been that PTSD may have been one reason for his alleged actions. Shortly after this tragedy, Carrie Gann of ABC News came out with a news story titled PTSD Link at Odds with Research, which discussed the often flawed public perception of PTSD within the military. The article states, “Several studies have documented that people with PTSD are more likely to express anger and aggression, which for some turns into violence toward their partners, children or others.” This may seem contradictory to my earlier statements, but in the same article, Dr. Matthew Friedman of the National Center for PTSD states, “it’s a mistake to automatically attribute crimes like Bales’ alleged killing spree to PTSD.” This is because disorders that involve the human mind can not always be defined in black and white terms. There are many factors that need to be considered.
*If you don't find it boring, there are tons of resources out there. Bret picked up a plumbing how-to book at the home improvement store, but there are also lots of online resources out there, and the local libraries often carry a large selection of books for DIYers.﻿
I know I said it before but I want to say it again. I loved the concept of this story. The only problem was I found it a little lacking in execution. The cast of characters were interesting and I thought it brilliant the way they all came together. Kid who did odd things or claimed to see the unnatural – it makes perfect sense that they would be segregated from “normal” kids and placed in a psychiatric facility. The nurses served their roles well but I felt like even after reading the novel I barely knew them.
7 minute video
I think with the extra appetiser, a glass of wine and coffee each the bill for the two of us would have been around the £40 mark. Not bad for a lavish lunch that left me so full that I couldn't eat any tea that night. This lunch menu per head is a whole fiver less than afternoon tea at Betty's, and even with a glass of wine its probably still cheaper! This to me is good value for money.
Down it came, along by the byre, and across the yard, and the pair inside heard the calling and crying.
Why you should join MNC?
I’m proud of this because I it takes extra effort and commitment, but its important to me that she appreciate what’s truly gorgeous and inalienable about our Republic. I want her to have her green days by the river, I want her to know the names of our trees and rivers as if they are the spirits that people her dreams at night, I want her to know that the earth is the cathedral of every religion, and that it is giving, fragile and sacred. I want her to know the sound of the wind off the sea and its breath through the corridors of trees that shade a stream. I want her to want to stop to listen to birds. I want her to be unafraid of insects, bats, spiders, lizards, snakes, frogs and everything else that is part of our ecosystem, and to which we can be callous and inhumane. I want her to both respect forests and be able to walk in them feeling at home.
Sooo, I'm super excited b/c the baby's parents have asked to come visit in March. It's going to be sooo awesome to see them!! I will be around the 15 week mark then and will most likely have more to show (as in a little baby belly) than just eating all the time and being extra sleepy. Atleast I hope to have a little belly to show them... that's when I have started to show in the past. I already feel like I have a slight belly, but it's not anything anyone else would be able to notice and I still feel weird about people rubbing it b/c it's all uterus and therefor not very hard. It's still "my" belly, once it starts to become baby everyone can poke, prod, rub and talk to it as much as they like.
When you're putting together a story, it's worthwhile to consider whether any of your characters have aspects of pathos. Pathos can be a hugely strong draw for a character who would otherwise be
1. Only new creations (not backdated ones) will be considered for this challenge.
This is where it begins and ends. With the primitive cultures, they saw death and rebirth in the seasons. For the cultures of the Agricultural age, it was all about the crops. The death of their plants produced the seeds, fruits and vegetables that sustained them for another season.
Mrs V always makes me feel like a sloth, and I don’t mean this in an entirely figurative way: according to Wikepedia, as much as two-thirds of a well-fed sloth’s body-weight consists of the contents of its stomach and they have a very low metabolic rate. They move only when necessary and even then very slowly. This accounts for 75% of my lifestyle. Perhaps I was a sloth in a previous life.
Hermione: We have the "Terrible Trio" of leather implements, called "Black Beauty", "Weed Whacker" and "Little Red". Then there are the two hairbrushes, "Ebony and Ivory", and a favourite paddle known as the "Big Bopper". Our first pervertable was a wooden paint stirrer that my husband sprayed with gold metallic paint and called "The Golden Paddle". Ron often makes up funny ways of referring to them on the spot, and those names change from day to day.
Nothing can really bring a family together or rip a family apart faster than a board game!!
A pregnant friend of mine was telling me that her doctor told her Mommy Brain will go away after a while. I was like..uhhh..mine didn't. So I already knew that pregnancy changes our brains, but did you know that some of your littles cells actually stay inside you after they are born. I love that idea.
What You Should Know About Computer Leasing
· Alexandra Greenberg, vice president, Mitch Schneider Organization
The Birchfield runner, 26, took a major decision last September when he opted to stop being coached by his father, Joe, and move to Raleigh, North Carolina, to be trained by Jeff Howser, who also works with world 400m hurdles champion Bershawn Jackson. Caines demonstrated that, despite his time away, he has lost none of his tactical acumen when it comes to running indoors by making sure he got into the lead by the first bend of the two-lap race and challenged Jamaican Davian Clarke to try to pass him.
I'm throwing in a pair of Heavenly wings, a teeshirt and Autism awareness bracelets for the winners. ( randomly added to the book prize.)
When I piece a garment, I like to use at least three different fabrics. My special fabric (generally a print), a neutral fabric (the white in this case) and a coordinating trim (print or solid - here I used red). I like to pick up a less dominant color in the color scheme for my coordinating color.
As much as I love adventure, I sure am ready to be settled in our cozy little home before the snow flies in these parts!
A quote to share...
(Or Just Another Number) Thank You,
model of the car, and today I have several versions in my collection: The Corgi original, a '90s rerelease, a recent, cheaper Corgi version, and three Corgi Juniors. I've also got an extra large, super-detailed version from a few years ago - must be about fourteen inches long, not counting the front and back wings.
Amy: (STARES BLANKLY)
From a very young age I knew that I wanted to change the world, and it was that moment, in that class, that gave me my very first glimpse of a world so much larger than the one I knew. I was devastated by the wanton destruction and the poverty that I learned was this faraway place called Bangladesh. In that moment, I believed I had found my purpose, my calling so to speak. I knew that one day I had to go there.
Hard to Please (20) – Acquired a Mutation in each of the 5 categories
I wish I had access to all the data for all the Kaiser cohorts. The one I met with this week is the 7th one that has started since my own cohort. There were about 20 people. If you put all these people and cohorts together, that’s a lot of weight-loss data! I would love to see, chart, analyze, etc. the results for this group, and for all the other people who have gone through and are going through the program at Kaiser. And then there are all the other Kaiser facilities! I hope one of the Kaiser doctors is writing or will write a research paper for a medical journal about the program and participants. I would be fascinated to know more about how all these people do, both short-term and long-term, even though I’m one of the data points myself!
In my view the only insects that I am happy to handle are ladybirds and butterflies (and caterpillars actually but they are def. in the boy category) and thus these are the accepted girls insects. I may throw in a dragonfly as well as they come in pretty colours, but most other insects are a bit 'icky' and thus more boyish.
First off, people may remember my post, or more famously the numerous others by more famous people, about Draw Mohammad Day. Well, Facebook caved like a B**** in front of her pimp when various Muslim groups started howling about "Blasphemy" and took down the facebook group page for people engaged in said drawing. Apparently, that wasn't enough to appease bloodthirsty dogmatic what can't stand an image of their prophet. Now, calls for the Founder of Facebook to be executed under Islamic law have been brought forth, as well as legal proceedings to make it happen. Congrats, man, you folded and now they put you on the chopping block.
These beautifully said words caused me to pause and contemplate. I do want what she describes. That I don’t have it isn’t because “my person” isn’t out there; it’s that I haven’t made room to let him in. To make room, I’ll have to learn to share. This is a big step for me and I’m open to it.
Justice will not have been done at Duke until the players and their parents are restored financially, both Mike Nifong and the complainant are criminally charged and convicted, and the professors who signed the nasty statement concerning the players and the team are censured and required to apologize. When all this is done and as publicized as all the accusations and indictments were, then, and only then, will justice have been done.
Why am I writing this rant? Because I’m having a similar situation myself at the moment. Yes – I have a stalker. A guy that I went on ONE DATE with last week has now reached stalker status. Already saved in my phone as DNA, I’m seriously one text away from a restraining order. I am so so happy that he doesn’t know where I live, or else I’m certain he would have turned up there by now. He has been calling me, texting me, he even called me off a random number when I wasn’t responding to him! I can’t handle this sort of behaviour. If I go AWOL, it’s probably because I’ve been kidnapped.
Stalking
If you don’t get a step just right you can modify it and make up your own (or insert a gratuitous Beyoncé uh oh dance) and no one thinks you look crazy.
The second I walked in the door, this pumpkin plate caught my eye and I snatched it right up.
I thought I was never going to get to the Elevator Gallery, with only 20 minutes to go before it closed and White Post Lane in Hackney Wick winding darkly down from the station. Finally there was an A4 notice pointing the way and, just as I was again despairing, another which meant I did, finally, locate Unit 9 on the Hamlet Industrial Estate and the exhibition I'd come to see, having had to miss the opening night a few days before. 'Martyrs' looks at the theme of martyrdom and suffering for a cause - or just suffering - with especial reference to some of the more extreme stories of Christian saints. Some of the work on show was cathartic mental-illness art, all very well but nothing technically special. The highlights were the treatments of saints produced by Consuelo Giorgi whose lurid photography decorates the exhibition poster, and by Matteo Alfonsi. Their styles are very different but as both are Italian Goths you can guess where they're coming from.
“Your hair is yellow,” she pointed out. (Dialogue shows that she’s pointing that out)
I admit to being woefully misinformed. While the term ‘humus’ does commonly refer to the dark, fertile, friable stuff compost eventually turns into, the real miracle is the substance soil scientists call stable humus. This dark colloidal gel consists largely of water and carbon in many permutations (humic acids, humins, etc.), tightly bound to clay and metal hydroxides. Greatly resistant to further decomposition, it plays an essential role in providing soil structure, increases the ability of soil to store nutrients resistant to leaching, buffers acids and alkalis, binds toxic heavy metals, and can hold the equivalent of 80-90% of its weight in water. It can last in the soil for centuries and perhaps longer, sequestering water and carbon for slow release.
(I&S/NW)
And the bad:
Come Sit by My Fire: Sweet Relyn, who is like sunshine on a cloudy day. Or like gentle, soft rain when you need to cool down and relax your mind.
Just this past week I picked up Twisted Agendas by Damian McNicholl. (In the interest of full disclosure, Damian contacted me on my blog & asked for a review.) This book intrigued me as one of the main characters was a female American expat living in London, and I naturally presumed I would identify with her. I was wrong, but I'm OK with it! :)
But when I started writing YA, something changed. And the change was so gradual that I didn't notice it for what it truly was, until now.
But to have a job and a roof over my head, well, that sure would be swell.
Fast Facts:
Prebius: Obama hates poor people -
Roya and Diana Vagelos
Do you take notes during sermons? What about at conferences and classes? These, too, offer a wealth of article ideas. Take advantage of what you learn from your pastor to help others.
You'll see a noticeable difference in behavior, energy, and sleeping too!
New writers lack confidence and skill, so often what will happen is they parrot a popular author. They become a bad copy instead of an awesome original. But, the bigger mistake I see is voice often comes with preparation, and new writers often fail to prepare. New writers fail to understand the characters before they start writing. They get a flash of a scene in their head and then start typing. This is like an actor not taking any time to study the part before he begins reciting lines.
8 nodded
And you’d be wrong.
I’ve also had times when I’ve been a stay at home mum. I know how difficult and lonely it can be. I especially found it hard in the beginning with my first child. I was used to working and found it difficult staying at home with no one but a baby to talk to. But, I managed by finding things for us to do together to get me out the house and meeting people. I joined tumble tots, baby music classes, I went to all the clinics and joined up for the toddler group as soon as he was old enough. That was in England where there are loads of things for you to do with your little ones. When we moved to France it was a different case. There is not so much to do with babies – no tumble tots or toddler groups and I started to feel really isolated. So, I started my own group – I advertised on an English forum for other English speaking mums in the area and we started meeting weekly at each others houses. So, if your bored or lonely, you have to go out there and join in
During our four year going to the same place, we never tried their drinks!!! We always stuck with water as cheap asians since the fondue was already damn overpriced! But they changed their menus this year to have a cheaper fondue price if we ordered tea as well. So here is my Japanese Green Tea Matcha Latte/Tea. I was really excited since I've recently discovered my love for anything green tea. (Green tea ice cream, matcha etc..) I can't believe I was missing out for the longest time during my high school years!! My fellow classmates were obsessed with it and always bought Green Tea ice cream during our breaks. I did try it a few years back, but it was too 'odd' for me.. Things do change.
Phone contacts you meet at industry events. Collect people’s telephone numbers after they you can visit your table and contact inside a few weeks of meeting them. Use the follow-up call to check along with your contact and ask him if he’d love to receive your marketing newsletter by email.
Ernest Hemingway was said to have had a particular place where he did not think about what he was writing at the time. It was in that place the he “…learned not to think about anything that I was writing from the time I stopped writing until I started again the next day.”
Raider once was a daring outfit with lots of ideas and innovation, also prepared to be independent and brave as a self-publishing provider of services to new authors. Seven years is a long time for an author solutions service, and I just do not see the improvements I should see in a service over that period of time. If anything, Raider have gone backward - far backward - and the recent launch of Purehaven Press offering pretty much they same looks a cynical move to clear the slates and start again without addressing what has gone before. I think the comments section below - built up over several years - speaks for itself.
The important thing to remember as we join together on the road to more wholesome eating, is that it’s not impossible to change our tastes. Believe that, keep on tasting with diligence tempered by patience, and use the cooking tricks outlined earlier. You’ll be surprised at how good quinoa tastes after just a few weeks, or less.
Now start with spreading the fabric over the front of the chair making sure the seat is fully covered and all sides have an equal amount remainding, the bottom is allowed to have the least amount of fabric beacuse it wont be seen as much as the sides and back of the chair.
directed by: George Sluizer
I like the stitching on this one. I deliberately stitched it all wonky (no, I really did it deliberately!). It is actually harder than I thought to stitch randomly! Especially if you are a 'straight lines' kind of girl like me...so I went around the borders twice to make it look a bit more random. Then I inked all the edges in black as roughly as I could - given that there is a dirtbike on the card, I figured it needed to look a bit grungy.
While traditionally samosa is normally fried but more people prefer to bake them and now switching to ready made puff pastry, wanton skin or tortilla which is more convenient and healthier. But by far I still prefer made from scratch pastry, very crispy and truly delicious.
Bottega ZinZanni also starred the amazing, the legendary and the elegant Liliane Montevecchi. In her second Seattle run, La Montevecchi played the role of Dina Monte, a legendary Parisian fashion designer who believes that fashion is how you tell the world who you are. “Fashion is not something you put on, darling, but a lifestyle! Everybody can be fabulous!”
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said it would mean the UK had one of the "most child-friendly" immigration systems in the world.
Pour in the chicken stock, bring up to a boil, then reduce and cook until vegetables are tender, about 10-15 minutes. Puree in a blender or using a stick blender.
- Talk to a live representative at 1-888-EdVest-WI (1-888-338-3789)
Level 9: MP Cost: 12, Duration: 114 seconds, ATT: +19.
Just a chorus, comprised of only a few words. A simple Hallelujah.
This makes me realize, every time, that my constant question is still there for me as well.
Versafine Ink Pad
The half-assed selling out of
Last night, my kids and I were sitting in the living room and I said to them, 'I never want to live in a vegetative state, dependent on some machine and fluids from a bottle. If that ever happens, just pull the plug.'
I have no idea how the giraffe got mixed up with this crowd. At least he wasn't doing that annoying screaming thing kids tend to do in any store I happen to be in. I'm sure the Joann's employees were very excited to pick these up and return them to their shelf homes, haha.
LJ Garland
But not only did I find cool stuff.. I found SPECIALS too!
What I dont remember is when I first started churning my way through the bulk of each update, or indeed when I first started actually reviewing nearly everything, as I have been doing for quite a long time now. I suspect the answer to when I started bulk reading would be around 2004/5, after I regained having my own computer once again. But for some time after that I just sent the odd email for any story I really liked, and left it at that. So no, when I changed style, I havent a clue.
It would be missed
Paris: No, from tequila shooters. Say, what's in a euphoria anyway?
Side note on Disney: Why in the name of pacman could I not have bros like these in my park? I'm pretty sure that these guys got reprimanded for being "Out of Character" (Disney is very strict like that, I only know because one of my cousins worked there for a few years), but still definitely entertaining.
and smoothing with a tissue.
(ME knows that making such 'promises' about the classification of BARMAN's ale is risky, but he's feeling emboldened by the iPhone in his pocket which, among other things, contains his own recent review of this legendary beer.)
Have a great Thursday! For me it’s the last day with kids before Spring Break. We still have to go in on Friday to do grades and all that fun stuff. I will most definitely be doing the Happy Teacher Dance of Joy on Friday. I love Spring Break!
I have a feeling that you know how much I am smitten with books and reading. It got me thinking about why some are always close to the written word and why others aren't so inclined. I can't leave home without a book or my Kindle in the handbag, I can't catch a flight or board a train unless I am fully stocked with books... I carry enough print for all emergencies... delays, breakdowns, insomnia... I cannot be without my 'literary friends', ever. Perhaps some might consider this an eccentricity, I regard my attachment as essential... and I don't feel 'dressed' unless I have reading matter by my side. I have learned that life involves much waiting... waiting for appointments... waiting for children... waiting for friends... waiting at airports and train stations... just waiting. Reading helps pass the time and in a productive way... Reading can settle the nerves, lift the mood and most importantly teach. Reading can be a best friend and reading means you are never lonely...
I went to her blog and found these 7 general suggestions on things you can ask yourself when writing a scene.
In South Australia, tens of millions of dollars have been spent by the Rann Government to attract military industries to set up shop.
I think this is the last of Graduation cards I need - hopefully. It is kind of like Christmas, you think you are done and then... you aren't! :) I used the Hero Arts Chevron Background stamp, and my sentiment is from Great Expectations from Verve.
LP Dynamics can help by providing Technical Surveillance Counter Measures. TSCM Equipment Spectrum Analyzers The Spectrum Analyzer is a swept receiver that provides a visual CRT display of all known radio transmitting modulation techniques. This allows for RF signal detection with a visual display of amplitude versus frequency. The RF Spectrum must be analyzed with a Spectrum Analyzer capable of covering a minimum frequency range of 3 Khz to 7.5 GHz. Or equipment iscapable of detecting carrier current devices on power lines as well as demodulating subcarrier transmissions. Sophisticated techniques such as frequency hopping, spread spectrum and video transmissions must also be addressed.
Saturday 5/5 10 am - 5pm in the PS 15 yard on Van Brunt Street in the 'Hook (between Sullivan & Wolcott Sts).
Serenity was a place of endless Summers, tall trees, creeks, railroads, people, bare foot kids, and dogs.
I hope they grow in to great men like you were.
Susan: You seem a little nervous. I promise this will be painless. You are a big part of Guilty Hearts and we'd like to get to know more about you. How old are you?
And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,
Although I suspect that I may need to help my children eat those eggs so they don't go off / make a mess / make their teeth fall out / some other rubbish excuse to eat my children's chocolate.
Appearance: 3
Turning Thirty-three: righteous number
Level 19: MP Cost: 16, Attacks up to 5 enemies, Damage: 142%, Attacks the enemies 4 times.
North Elevators
Excellent! The man ruined lives for years, committed egregious acts of violence, and he deserves to be locked away for the rest of his piteous life.
I’m back to not feeling, not crying, only living from one day to the next, plagued by the same questions, frustrated, wanting only to feel a little pain, a little something to bring the tears.
You, the one I have loved for so long.
Make sure you check out the other Fit Girl's creations (linked above) and link your own for a chance to win a great prize package from Chelle's Creations.
Regulated to the dark corners, adjusting the curtains, drawing them closed at the end of every climatic moment, seeing this divine comedy from the sidelines, getting a sideways view of life, where the lines aren’t as easy to hear.
EDITOR: Whafuck?
An epic poem (or story?) pertains to a long composition, usually centered upon a hero,in which a series of achievements or events is narrated in an elevated style; the Iliad, for example.
that reach in and touch
Vision and initiative such as this was always too much to expect from Rhodri Morgan, or the Labour Party. After all, it was him, and his administrations, that wasted the first two rounds of European funding. It's due to their mistakes that Carwyn Jones and his Hole in the Arse Gang are now being lectured like naughty children on how to spend their pocket money.
Ole-You had Sjora pointing higher than anyone else. You also demonstrated how to "heave to" in big waves and wind. Even if you did not intend to!
I've pre-written this post because I plan on spending all of today studying for my first exam. (I'm the worst student ever and I almost never study until the day before the exam!)
This was exactly like a horizontal alligator, except in orientation. It was also much bigger and much more purple. Benjamin had discovered the alligator on his ninth birthday when it had tried to eat him. It was only because of the deal they had struck that he still lived at number 33, still with his parents, forty years on.
Here is another photo of the mat in a new setting.
Of course, there's still a long way to go. Still credit card debt to be paid down, and my emergency savings is still anemic, but those are goals for 2012. And beyond. I know there will continue to be unexpected costs, and some huge costs in the future (just a couple more years before Sylvia's old enough to drive), but I'm fairly confident that we'll keep getting through it.
My friend is not very tall and we were a little concerned about the very tall man with bushy hair in front of her. She sat on her coat and was fine, although she did say that the speed of the dialogue and the American accents did make some scenes hard to follow.
How strong is one’s faith when he tries to do it himself? Today we are looking at Acts 27:30. The apostle had just announced that no lives would be lost and that they were to be cast ashore at a designated island. The alternative is to either trust what Paul had guaranteed or to try to make it ashore by their own effort.
I won't be rushing into any baking right away, we've started phase 4 of the kitchen remodel. I want this done before the baby gets here or it'll never happen!
alert to the streets
Until last night, I had never seen the first two minutes of Iron Man, and it totally changed my perspective on the entire film. “So what”, you ask, “nothing happens, they just crack some jokes on a Humvee ride.” – But oh, its incredibly important. You see, this is Tony Stark’s initial “Save the Cat” moment. (“Save the Cat” is a phrase for when the main character does something endearing/heroic in the first 20 minutes so that the audience will like him.) The opening scene: the legendary Tony Stark is riding in a Humvee with three US soldiers; its quiet, awkward, and boring. Tony breaks the silence with a few jokes, and after a minute everyone is laughing, snapping pictures, and enjoying his company. Its a simple scene but it establishes Tony Stark as inherently fun and likable. Without this introduction, Tony’s character is merely an arrogant billionaire playboy with no redeeming qualities whatsoever.
Their purposes, they followed on
I was sitting in my new bright green deck chair after dinner, enjoying the 76-degrees-with-a-breeze air and the fact that it was 7:15 and I had nothing I needed to do. I called a law school friend I hadn't talked to in a while, chatted with my mom, and then just sat for a while in the evening light. JP was working, the kids were in bed... it was lovely. I snapped a picture:
he has no right to talk to us in such a way. this workplace is not his home. the least he could do is keep quiet. or maybe even share it with us.
These behemoth barges are glittering apparitions, surging and swaying over the cobblestone streets. They are made even more magical and elusive by the thick cloud of frankincense dutifully swung ahead of the approaching float. With its jerking movements it seems like a drunken centipede, with the altar of the gods above attempting to win the beauty pageant for devotional glory. There are a series of Jesus´s and Mother Mary´s that leave the different churches daily throughout holy week. They are very very graphic, with all of the blood and glory of the crucifixion horror portrayed.
There are nice summaries of the day on Karen's blog and on Brenda's blog. Thanks to both of them, and all my new friends in Collingwood, for such a wonderful day. And a bonus thank you to Karen's husband Jim, who provided a generous and delicious home-cooked lunch.
"The gas I am about to entrain in the stream of carbon monoxide is my catalyst. It is only necessary to put in a very small amount as, once the action is started, it goes on without further catalysis."
For my tag I wanted to create a more whimsical feel. Using my Tim Holtz embossing folder and Ranger's sky blue dauber ink for the background, I rubbed a slightly darker ink over the embossing; I then popped my SteamPunk Hot Air Balloon images off the tag and added whatever "goodies" I had on hand in the Scrap Basket I keep on my counter in my studio. My secret to this technique is DON'T OVERTHINK - If you like it - just glue the stuff down! and of course the finishing touch - highlight with a little stickles and liquid glass!
My neighbor issues actually involve the fish and pet store across the street. I live on the first floor so we have a looovely view of the little fishies. My main beef is that the owner is an a$$ who seems to think that it is a good marketing technique to put a huge flat-screen tv in his window and endlessly run the same powerpoint presentation with flashing kaleidoscope transitions in between lovely pictures of RATS! That's right, you look out my window you get flashing RATS! That'll reel'em in.
During one of the few days when it snowed:
2 oppose
Pioneer HDJ-2000 Best Price – Don’t Buy Them Until You Read This!
because he has great business experience
To be as the man I need to be,
I hope 08 is going well for all of you.
The seller tells me, those are the cards it needs to be a full set. 195/200 for only a fiver.
Blogging affords interaction. It creates communication which the social networks provide only in bite-sized pieces. For a writer (or anybody) it offers an instant platform. For a reader it offers ease of movement around the globe. You can stop by here and read a smidgen of nonsense from a tiny life, comment or not and then waft on. I do the same. I drop by to see what you're up to and you drop by here and see photos of Peg in a rubber ring or hear how the writing's going (or not going). It's a pressureless pass time. Yes, it can be time consuming but visiting other blogs can be easily done in one intensive swoop or leisurely over coffee - whatever - as long as it's not stealing work time. We're adults. We know the score.
Keep posting links to my new site. Every time I do, our traffic spikes, so you all must want to read what I'm posting.
Bill C-304 which is currently being debated in the house of commons seeks to remove Section 13 from the Canadian Human Rights Act (CHRA). Section 13 deals with the transmission of hateful speech over telecommunications, more specifically phone and Internet. Basically what this means is that anyone who would call an individual or multiple individuals to solicit hate, or target someone online to do the same, would be subject to hate crime laws. This in my mind is an important part of Canadian society, we value freedom of speech yet we value responsibility when using it. This legislation if passed, would in fact take that responsibility away from people who wish to solicit hate speech across our telecommunications network. Essentially this law could open up the doors for anyone to attack minorities, either through telephone campaigns or Internet campaigns without retribution. This is unacceptable in Canadian society, the author of the bill stated that the bill must remove section 13 in order to not infringe upon freedom of speech guaranteed by the chart of rights and freedoms. This is ironic coming from a government, and segment of the Canadian population which pay no respect to the charter nor celebrate its existence. In fact many conservatives openly hate the charter for giving certain minorities the same rights as others. This is why this bill is so dangerous, because those same people will see this as a victory to attack minority members of the public without ever being held to account.
I went in yesterday because I thought I might be leaking fluid. I was and since I may have been leaking for a few days, they wanted me to do what I could to get labor going. "Natural" stimulation helped to get labor started but after a couple of hours of slow going we decided to go ahead and start pitocin. I was pretty anxious about that but over all it wasn't too bad. I think the pit. was started between 3 and 4 pm. It was uncomfortable but I was able to manage. I only had about three or four contractions where I was visibly in distress and they were between 6:45 and 7:00. I only pushed through two contractions and she was out.
- Single block sold to private purchaser
After the loss of his father, my Dad was never again quite the same exuberant carefree boy. The death affected him profoundly, and something in his spirit was quelled. He has suffered periodic bouts of severe depression his entire life. Even now at age 80, my father's eyes mist over and his voice trembles when he speaks of his father, which is rarely.
a pretty new faucet! That works! And doesn't leak! Isn't she stunning? I just love her! :)
This cowboy was funny. I decided that I would have him swinging his hat, so I started to add the hat in his hand. Benjamin kept protesting, but I couldn't understand why. I was busy painting as he kept saying, "you have to take his hat off his head!" As I stepped back I started to laugh...you can't have a cowboy swinging his hat if his hat is also on his head. Benjamin was insistent the lasso rope was to be brought down across the cowboy to his other hand where there were loops of extra rope. He is a boy of detail. His distance gave a better perspective.
If repeated now this answer might have provoked the response noted in trial reports as “Laughter in Court”.
They go to the tomb, which is a cave with the body inside and a large stone in front laid across the entrance. Jesus orders them to remove the stone. Martha protests, saying that by this time the body will have started to decay and there will be an awful stench. Jesus counters that didn’t he say that if she believed she would see the glory of God? They roll the stone out of the way; Jesus gives a short prayer of thanks to God, and then calls to Lazarus, “Lazarus, come out!” Lazarus walks out of the tomb, his body wrapped in linen burial cloth. Jesus tells Martha and the others to help him out of his grave clothes and let him go.
Fault, in this instance, is similar to cause. Yes, we can and do cause our own circumstances, our own trials, our own state if affairs, our own sadness, our own agony, and our own pain . Even though many of us do it completely without realizing that WE ARE DOING IT; TO OURSELVES!
Now, I clearly have to work on acceptance. Maybe we never will be able to properly accept ourselves and the life we have. We are forever changing and with each new aspect we gain we need to pluck up the courage again to accept that new aspect of ourselves. So maybe I shouldn’t beat myself up for not delivering the “happy end” story I was intending to write but merely acknowledge that life is forever changing and that we can only do our best to get along with it and play our part. We have free will to do what we want to do, we just got to take one step at a time.
We both like try new things: flavors, ingredients, styles, equipment, and roles in the kitchen. Fall flavors are definitely a favorite and we've been cooking a lot recently
The prints match so surprisingly well with the sofa.
DJ Sumbody: Obviously every producer dreams to work with Black Coffee, but I’d also love to the work with the likes of Junior Mafia, Black Motion and Nastee Nev.
The quiet was part of the meaning, part of the mind:
This is also when I’m more aware that the Carousel moves. Not just moves, but turns, slowly revolving and treating me to a gentle magic carpet ride that always brings me back to where I started. It makes me feel slightly sorry for the folks in the chairs around the edge of the room…they’re missing out on the fun.
I’m sure some are asking, “What about Blake?” While Blake sizzled in Brussels with the #2 time ever, one race does not a season make. And while Blake did compete in four meets during the year, his times in the other three were 20.39, 20.33, and 20.38. He did defeat Dix in Brussels, but he also lost to Marvin Andersen in Ostrava (20.27 to 20.38). So with poor marks outside of Brussels, along with a loss, and not competing at Worlds, Blake just can’t crack my top 5 – even though he did move to #2 all time on the clock.
If you've been watching Project Runway with as much dedication as I have, you know who Elisa is. She's the wacky designer who marks fabric with spit and sort of seems like she's always tripping on acid, but just a little bit. She also seems like a really nice person, and that counts for a lot in reality television these days, at least for me. However, I've never really liked her work:
You came to bring us the ‟true” light,
While I was hanging out, trying out my not-very-latent comment/trolling tendencies, I noticed this related blog about the battle of the black sexes being The Media’s fault. I have a psychological tick & pet-peeve against anyone who blames The Media for any sociological phenomenon. I had forgotten how pronounced my pet peeve had become.
Thinking with more critical lenses lately, I was thinking about the nature of the characters in the Avengers film. It was notable for instance that it was an almost all male affair, however the presence of Scarlett Johansson’s Black Widow is not an obviously feminine or trope-like character. I thought that it was of note that her character showed the most vulnerability which seemed linked to her gender, but I am willing to be convinced that the depiction of vulnerability may have been set up as a ruse in one scene with Loki, or when she was present with Bruce Banner’s character, she had a genuine sense of fear that anyone would at the power of Banner’s alter ego. It’s also fair to say that many of the male characters showed a sense of vulnerability, especially towards the endgame of the film. There was a sense of futility and hopelessness among all of them which also served as a bonding moment between the characters, as well as between us (the audience) and the characters.
Enter what you are looking for in ‘search’.
What am I struggling with
Grrrrr…
It's still brass monkeys up here in Scotland, but now we have had miserable rain and wind to go with it.
Let me suggest, however, five of the more significant theological factors which I believe will influence evangelicalism, and particularly evangelical relationships, in the foreseeable future.
The Chairman declared the oral proceedings open. He summarised the relevant facts as appearing from the file. The parties addressed the Board. The matter was then discussed with the parties. The Chairman then declared the debate closed. The Chairman announced the decision: the appeal is dismissed in its entirety.
As I toil everyday in my garden, ploughing through the soil, watering, pruning I feel blessed that they have survived even the plants that struggle; with a little extra love and care they usually make it. As another friend told me, “…when you start a garden you have to nuture it, feeding, watering, tending it, like a child, until the plants can fend for themselves without your constant care and then they will reward you with their beautiful blooms.”
There is a restaurant if you ever get to LA called Casablanca and they cook almost everything in beer. It’s a Mexican style restaurant and it’s a wonderful place everything is cooked in Dos Equis. It’s Casablanca on Lincoln Blvd... Everything on the menu is made Dos Equis. I’m not saying this because it’s Dos Equis, I’m saying it because it makes it interesting they cook everything in Dos Equis.
The husband rolls his eyes in disbelief, but afraid that she may change her mind, he grabs the money and leaves quickly.
PROSPECTS: A terrific trailer has helped ratchet up the anticipation for this film, which has been high on the list of must-sees since it was announced. Director Ridley Scott is coy as to whether this is a prequel to Alien, stating only that it’s set in the same universe. Right.
looking for work in six weeks.'
This cake just makes me smile! Purple, teal, and green wedding cake, reminds of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory meets awesometastic wedding!
To begin with, wires and cables are the common electrical supplies that constitute the skeleton of different industrial setups. These electrical components are installed to transport electricity from one industrial unit to another. In addition, wires and cables are used to set up networks in the computer and IT industries. Telecommunication industry is among the prime users of these supplies to install communication networks.
On the plus side, I have a new proposal ready for a steampunk, futuristic, fairy-tale which requires minimal locations and a small cast.
This uniqueness does not always lead to the most compelling read. Scourge is the definition of a slow burn, beginning in a small faceless town, continuing with long stretches of reflection over barely textured wilderness, and ending without a denouement that genre readers have come to expect. Even the prose shows more workmanlike efficiency than dazzling style, opting to preserve Arki's status as a painfully average chronicler. Despite that, I found myself coming back to it every night. The haunting nature of Killcoin and Arki's revelatory witnessing of his life, carries the novel, delivering one of the most unique fantasy reading experiences I've had.
“Ever since it (heart attack) happened, I’ve changed,” Baffert said. “I don’t get so worked up about something. Still, I get excited. Sometimes, I’d get overstressed. Right now, I just realize that I’ve got this second chance. I could easily have died in Dubai. If it would have happened on the plane I would have been toast.”
Someone whose delight is worth a 1000 “hits” on another page.
Announced in mid 2011, Red Bull are now the official ‘factory’ team for Renault. With the success of the team and the Renault F1 team being rebadged to Lotus, This allows Red bull to take a more direct involvement in developing the RS27 engine and the exhaust mappings to maximise what is allowable in the rules.
So without further ado, here are our February winners.
Over the last several months our team has been working hard to get to a place where we can share our work and inspiration more effectively with as many people as possible. After today there will no longer be posts on this blog. We will continue sharing TE inspiration at tayloredexpressions.blogspot.com. If you are not already a follower of that blog, I encourage you to subscribe!
Formed in 1959 around Santa Monica, California, the original lineup of The Riptides included Johnny Hudson on lead vocals and piano, Ross Dietrich on guitar, and Ernie Sawyers on rhythm guitar. The band changed considerably around 1963 as several more members were added, including Daryl Dragon, the "Captain" of Captain and Tennille and his brother Doug on keyboards. Other additions included Ernie's brother Joe Sawyers on bass, Mike O'Keefe on sax, Max Lobough and Steve Aaberg on guitar, Vic Diaz and Butch Simpson on piano, and Bill Lewis and Johnny's brother Brooke Hudson on drums. The band continued playing until 1967. Johnny Hudson's relatives include several celebrities, such as Keenan Wynn and Tracy Keenan Wynn, Mark and Bill Hudson of The Hudson Brothers and Mark's daughter Sarah Hudson, actors Kate Hudson and her brother Oliver Hudson. Like many Hollywood families, the deeper you dig, the more conflict and drama you find. Last I heard, Johnny Hudson was alive and well and still living in Los Angeles. Johnny and his daughter Kimmy, a dancer, skater and surfer girl, worked together years ago in a band called Trudge. Johnny also has a son named Shannon who owns a hot rod shop in Newhall, California, and has worked with many car collectors including Jay Leno.
It's not perfect. Up close the wood stain on the white paint just kind of makes it look dirty. And I still need to fix a couple spots and put on a coat of poly. I also need to sew some cute blue fabric liners for the boring baskets. (I was experimenting with some ribbon when I snapped this picture with my phone.) And Apple needs to release the new Apple TV so I can get rid of the bulky, eyesore XBox :)
Roux is also a very delicate since it can burn so easily. There is constant stirring going on and you can never leave it unattended. Once burnt you have to throw it out and start ALL OVER. Of course I have never done that before LOL! Since all true Cajuns claim to have the best recipe for Gumbo then I will just have to say that I have the best recipe. My brother-in-law taught me all I know about the process so I am a true Cajun by spirit.
1-11-2011
Well, what to say. As others have posted, I think about writing a post a lot, and form them in my head (especially while nursing Allie) but taking the time and energy to actually write doesn't happen often. Oh yeah, and I often forget all of my profound thoughts while nursing by the time I could actually write them down. Guess they're not so important after all.
Lisa Tuttle – Sangre
Bayou Teche Beers are now available in much of Mississippi, and we look forward to meeting more of our supporters and beer fans there. Great things are happening in the Deep South when it comes to craft beer and I want to give ya’ll a big Merci Bien for helping us be a part of it.
Good evening everyone..
In March and April, we have had rainy days & colder weather. It has been so bizarre.
I think some of the worst of the overwhelming stress comes from LAUNDRY! I had no idea when I agreed to becoming a wife and mother of the never-ending-fight that is keeping my family clothed. I have been swimming (drowning) in loads for years now. Every week starting laundry day by re-washing the last load from the week before that never made it out of the wash. Eeek. Going through piles of used-to-be-folded clothes all over the house sorting the clean from dirty and would have been clean but now they're with dirty. Rewashing. Refolding. Kids unfolding, leaving more piles all over the house, piles to DI, piles of mending, ironing, . . . to the point that I start feeling like giving up on it all. Like my whole existence is soo meaningless. Silly, yes. But true.
Beatrice M. was creative with a capital C. She gardened, sewed, crocheted, and cooked. Oh, the things that lady made with her hands which were wrinkled and callused from years of working the fields. Those same hands were unselfish, always looking for ways to give to others, even on a limited income. I never heard her speak an unkind word about anyone. There wasn’t a soul she didn’t love. Any time you stopped by her house, she’d have a big spread waiting for you at the table, (fresh from the garden with a pan of cornbread, of course) in a moment's flash. Such a hostess! After dinner was finished and kitchen cleaned, you'd find her sitting in her favorite chair reading the Bible, no matter who was around. It was her routine, but more than that, her passion. Sometimes she'd reach for an old hymnal and sing me a tune. To this day it gives me goosebumps just thinking about it. I loved to stay with her in the summer. By the time I woke up in the mornings, she would have already put in a morning's work in the garden. She was a great story teller too. I have so many fond memories of her. Her walk with the Lord was so real. She was a Sunday school teacher for 45 years. Talk about commitment. Beatrice M. was the epitome of the Proverbs 31 woman. She was graceful in every situation.
gold fillings and gold teeth. (This is for paying interest on the
Here's a look a the new Color Collections:
Ah, back already, let’s continue, shall we?
Let’s rid ourselves of the albatross around our necks, which is the lingering effects of Prohibition…..
I love his terrible dancing
I can see why Islam was needed though:
So what does this say about me? Am I some grumpy, unlovable person? I truly hope not. I’m sensitive, and I love the people in my life very, very much. Have I gotten used to going it alone to the point it’s affecting my relationships with people I have to see on a regular basis? I really hope not.
To tell you about the Oxfam Bra Hunt in the hope that you’ll donate generously without it costing you a penny! I currently have about 30 bras stashed in a box, most unworn in sizes ranging from 34a to 36e (I’m neither size now, happily somewhere in between) and finally I have somewhere I can donate them to and feel a little pleased that they won’t only be consigned to textiles crushing machines but will actually be sold, bough and worn by other women in Senegal thanks to Oxfam’s social enterprise, Frip Ethique.
The bristles of Mia's brush are so soft they caress the skin without scratching and the sonic rotation is so gentle you barely notice it. But the results- they're amazing. There's nothing subtle about the way your skin will glow.
You can get the effect of a facelift, in a relaxing, enjoyable atmosphere in-between your other treatments our treatments will help with continued effective results up to 6 months after treatment and we can work on all skin types throughout the year.
The best things that have happened on this side is I saw a couple of people come here and set free wild birds they rescued.
In fact, the most interesting conversation I had about interconnectedness came when I asked an invigilator whether it was OK to take photographs. Yes, for personal use only, I was told. The idea that ‘personal’ photography exists in opposition to ‘publishing’ photographs is, I think, a completely unsustainable proposition. Sharing is fundamental to the personal use of photographs now (and hurrah for that). Photography still causes anxiety in some museums – to take a photo is to take something away and potentially create your own node, your own focus for comment and discussion. At the Grant (very sensibly), the only concern seems to be commercial exploitation, and so after some consultation, I think we agreed that it would be OK to post the photos on Flickr under the appropriate noncommercial licence. And I’ll be back with my camera, because having been distracted by the technology, I didn’t even get as far as the Jar of Moles.
Boy, things sure have changed.
But we all want to be victims. I'm a victim because I'm Black; because I'm Mexican; because I'm White; because I'm poor; because I'm rich; because I'm ugly; because I'm pretty; because I'm too smart to be understood; because I'm a dimwit...
In this case, I had been thinking about ordering an Edible Arrangement for my college roommate and her husband for their anniversary. Now, I have an extra incentive to do it!
I love you so much! You are such a sweet little boy now - not really a baby but not quite a toddler. Your smile lights up a room and your eyes twinkle when you laugh. You still like playing with balls but your new favorite toys are definitely cars! And seeing cars parked around our neighborhood and in parking lots just makes your day. You tend to identify the red ones as "TAR!" with the most enthusiasm but the yellow ones (like Daddy's) merit big smiles, arm waves, and excited dancing :)
A: The key missing word here is "can." Where you enter the ladder can indicate how far you're going up it. And, yes, I feel it's better to enter the game with a strong hand. I wanted my first book to be published by a major New York publisher in hardcover. I felt if I were published by a small press and/or as a paperback original, I'd have that much more ground to cover. Several friends of mine did start with paperback originals and went on to considerable success--Harlan Coben and Laura Lippman spring immediately to mind-so what's good for the goose isn't necessarily good for the gander. It's all relative. My way is just my way, it's not the way.
Front Panel-84" x 52"
Anyway, hope you all have a safe & happy holiday! Enjoy, and Happy Birthday, America!
The Baltimore-based company, which has about $1.3 billion of debt, is trying to negotiate terms on notes of $500 million that are coming due in the next 18 months.
“Indeed there is no other figure in history who was as influential as Jesus Christ. How do I know? Look at the numbers. 2.1 Billion people have claimed Christ as their savior around the world.” Ad populum fallacy. Even if every person in the world were Christians, doesn’t mean that it’s right. EVERYONE used to be believe at one point that the world was flat. Doesn’t mean they were right. EVERYONE used to believe that the Earth was the centre of the universe. Doesn’t mean they were right. Nearly 25% of all Americans believed at one point that 9/11 was an inside job. Majority doesn’t make you right, so please don’t use this argument again. People are gullible and will believe in even the most insane of things, especially if it helps them cope with the reality that life kind of sucks and that they might have a better, eternal life if they just believe in some insane s**t. Lack of an education and skepticism combined with ignorance and fear of death and the unknown will make people do and believe the most nonsensical of things, such as talking snakes or that plane contrails contain chemicals that the US government put there for some unknown reason.
So plant your seed, but realize the true cost pay off may be a couple years down the road.
I guess if I was making it from scratch I would add a pinch of salt rather than the sugar, but the sweetness in the pastry was really quite pleasant with the mild turkey mince and the sweet heat of the Peppadew Piquante Peppers.
I hate the anti-Semites, both here and abroad, the folks who respect Hitler and want to finish his work.
6. If you were in an Olympic event (Winter or Summer), what would it be?
What type of beer is it? I'd call it a Burton. A style that re-invented itself as a dark beer in the 20th century. Old Ale. You could call it that as well, if Burton doesn't appear your style lexicon. Or Strong Ale. The English have always been a bit vague - not to say downright inconsistent - in the naming of stronger beers.
Hard-core socialists like to promote their ideology as being the opposite of racism and prejudice, but their condemning KIPP as a method of teaching that is racist is beyond ridiculous and is counterproductive to lifting minority and indigent students up. Real racism is encouraging a minority child to believe that he is either incapable of doing better because of his race and circumstances (“the soft bigotry of low expectations”) or is encrouaging this child to adopt a misplaced sense of entitlement that teaches, because he was not born in perfect circumstances, society somehow “owes” him a free ride, or at least an easy ride. This is how we came to see the “dumbing down” of America, because it was assumed that minority children could not compete with white children, therefore, we lowered our academic standards in order not to exclude minority students from competing — and this, if anything, is real racism.
Prolly scope some creepy blokes
What gets me the most about the so-called Mommy Wars (besides the fact that really, we should be supporting each other instead of tearing each other down) is the inherent naivete, the hidden and unspoken idea that you will remain whatever superior thing you are right now, at this moment. But you know what, ladies? That's rarely what happens, because LIFE CHANGES.
Now let's hear from the other T&S team-captain, Allison:
Third, potential readers look at dialogue. Long dialogue looks like preaching, and few readers are interested in your sermons. And long sections of one or two word dialogue looks inane. And generally is inane:
Even today, it's hard for Americans to comprehend what a risk Paul Weston is taking merely by publicly expressing an anti-Islamization view. He could be arrested and charged with a thought crime for this speech, and no mistake. That is Britain today: softened up for 60 years by the Left, which now works hand in hand with radical Muslims, each imagining the other a tool to be discarded later.
Jennifer Timmons, a SLED spokeswoman, said the report is “not available yet.”
The blog just manages to prove how tied up in self-questioning this sort of person is. "Am I being racist?", "is asking whether I'm being racist, racist??", "Is my using of the word "racist", racist? help!"
I.LOVE.IT!!!
Well, we’ll find out.
Along a desolate back road, I put the oem acura integra wheels a step forward in terms of utility. Though they fold down easily, the split rear seats don't recline or slide fore/aft as they are, electronic manual modes are incapable of rewarding drivers with the acura integra ls and that the all-wheel drive TL offers superior driving dynamics.
Sheng, who is also a Sime Darby board member, said there were valuable lessons to be learnt from this episode. “We have given instructions to the management to strengthen controls and manage all operations in the most prudent and efficient manner.”
and we are looking for local and North West Shorts now to feature in the programme.
Hubby just came back from Jogjakarta today. He was away for almost 2 weeks on a working assignment...and next week he will be off to Bandung again. -_-
when i was 12 i wanted an ogilvie perm
My grandma, the one he threatened to kill, is his mother. We were always close, the only time I was safe was when I was at her house. She and my Pappy were wonderful. Pappy passed away when I was 15. Grandma is still alive and kicking though. Somehow she has convinced herself that it was all just a "misunderstanding." She keeps trying to get me to visit her when he's there. She's even lied about his being there. Now that I have a daughter she tries even harder. I sent her pictures of the baby and specifically told her not to give him any. She sent them all to him and then asked me for more. I was very upset about that. I'm sure it's because she doesn't want to believe that she raised a monster. But this is my child and he will NEVER see her.
Now onto my card....
1 x (2214)Oriental Super Ring = 1.60
*Patient in Acute Renal Failure with 16lb. weight gain in less than 2 weeks.
How did Dave kill Goliath? His sling and a rock that hit him in the middle of his forehead.
Was out of town when you were made. The cards might target particular occupations, or be directed at personal characteristics of the recipient. Add an inexpensive stamp and the anonymity central to the valentine's tradition, and a cruel insult could be sent with little effort or risk of detection.
Psalm 18:48 “He frees me from my enemies. You exalt me above my adversaries; You rescue me from violent men.”
2010.09.16 Thailand Narathiwat 2 0 Islamic 'insurgents' riddle a Buddhist father and his teenage son with automatic weapons fire.
The next day, between the wedding ceremony and reception Dhru opened up to me and told me that he was not interested in dating. My heart dropped. What? As he continued, he expressed that he was not looking for something casual, but rather he wanted to build a life with someone. I wondered to myself, "Did he change his mind about dating me or is he saying he wants to just go for it?" To my pleasure it was the later. I can't even begin to tell you how that intention set the tone for relationship. Pretty powerful stuff.
"Tangi's Teardrops is a beautifully written story depicting the triumph of gentleness and kindness. Tangi will tug at the reader's heartstrings as she faces sadness with hope, and counters deliberate cruelty with compassion. The magical qualities of love are revealed through Tangi's efforts to save a far away kingdom. Liz Grace Davis's moving lyrical prose transports the reader to a place of innocence and purity that is seldom visited."
In the end, it doesn’t really matter what you say. Extending a bit of comfort, showing that you haven’t forgotten, showing that you care — those are the important things.
Metal Detecting
with humility
Before I begin ...let's shout out Aretha's album, "Live at the Filmore West"...a CD I purchased one night in Tower on Sunset on a humbug...a truly amazing record..(its mos def a favorite...Spirits in the Dark)
The home I speak of is what I affectionately call the 'Charlie Brown House', the oldest and most dated home in a very expensive, desirable, and beautiful neighborhood of 2 acre lots dotted with large contemporary mountain homes.
In a Washington Times op-ed, Rep. Joe Walsh, a Tea Party Republican from Illinois, unveils his new plan for solving the Israel-Palestine problem:
There are many horrible textures: chunky, like canned stew, frothy, gooey, etc. I could go on, but I imagine you’re all a bit green by now. Suffice it to say, slimy is the worst.
Tal cual
S: Who are some of your favorite mainstream artists right now?
So if you ever get a pet.
1. Do the basics well. Unfortunately medical training places a huge emphasis on the obscure, and sometimes trainees lose the forest for the trees. It is better to perform the daily functions of your job well than to know every single random tidbit about your field. Knowing that very rare complication of drug X is not very important if you can’t actually order drug X correctly. This year I am going to strive to write excellent notes, place accurate orders, and give good presentations. All of the medical knowledge will come with time.
On the whole I felt my hair was in ok condition at the end of my trial, perhaps slightly better than using shampoo with more chemicals for instance.. But I still ended up reverting back to other shampoos, if just to feel that silicone-coated smoothness!
īśvaraḥ paramaḥ kṛṣṇaḥ
Year Set: 2009
비교 따윈 하지 마 우릴 느껴봐 모두
As for foreign, audio, and movie rights, watch what happens over the next few years. Print is no longer a prerequisite.
My guess is that Jamie and Lloyd will grow weary of me and bundle me up and ship me back to 1600 soon enough. But I don't think they'll be sending back the Presidential Seal; it makes a great frisbee and doubles as an ashtray to boot.
I spent this afternoon at Andy & Kelly's house helping them with the new front walkway (AKA my "aisle"). I am so appreciative of them for letting us have our wedding there. It's a huge project to get a house ready for a wedding, but they embraced it wholeheartedly and have been working hard to make it beautiful for us. We are so grateful to have such amazing friends.
1 gas-light
(the below is the annual Valentine's Day Letter that my mom sends out to friends and family each year instead of a Christmas Card. Hope you find it as wonderful as I did!)
Incidentally, Vern shares the Bond role with two humans—Charlie Wilmot and Stan Rakness. Stan is new to DragonEye and was great fun to write. He loves being a secret agent and embraces the playboy/undercover stereotypes. Charlie is more the serious Bond. Vern is also serious and a little brainier (he is a dragon), but he also gets to charm a few ladies, get beat up, battle impossible odds with flair–the usual spy stuff—sometimes, as a dragon, sometimes, as a human.
Where I part company with Albert is in how he deals with Krauss’s critique of religion that imbues the book. Formerly somewhat of an accommodationist, Krauss (perhaps because of his association with Dawkins) is now a much more vociferous atheist. If you’ve read A Universe from Nothing, you’ll know that it’s larded with critiques of religion and an overweening satisfaction that at last physics has explained the final redoubt of religion: the origin of the universe from empty space. The atheism seemed a bit over the top to me, but I also thought it was directly relevant to the book’s goals. But Albert thinks otherwise:
Standard Ind
Discussing the consequences of rising population pressure on farming and its capacity to provide employment, the report calls for creation of additional employment opportunities in the non-farm and manufacturing sectors, especially in agro based rural industries which have area specific comparative advantage in terms of resources endowment and development possibilities. This would require suitable skill development of the people so as to gainfully employ them in non- farm activities. This would make agriculture viable in a sustainable manner.
Home location register (HLR):
So much is still not publicly known.
He was drafted tenth overall by Arizona in 2006 but has battled like a professional. He began 11 games like a rookie using the Cardinals only seven games previously five seasons.
So.. here it goes!
But the service touched no chords - as an atheist, it made no sense at all.
“But they are going to WILT away. Don’t you get it? They’ll die tonight at the latest. The morning glory doesn’t get to live longer. No matter how hard you try.”, I was clearly over reacting by now.
A thoroughly enjoyable night in which we were able to sample a good range of what both Cooley Distillery and Ireland have to offer. Irish whiskey hasn’t been something I’ve taken much notice of in the past, with only Jamesons and Bushmills my only knowledgable ports of call. But I’ll be looking out for the Kilbeggan Blend as well as the Greenore 8yr which Alex says are widely available in places likes Corks Out.
This is because when I was abroad for an assignment last year and when my Windows crashed unexpectedly (due to a registry screw up – what else?), all I needed to do was to fire up my Ubuntu and was still able to connect to the Internet to check my emails using Firefox, chat with my colleagues using Pidgin & Skype, open documents & spreadsheets using the free Libre Office and use OpenProj for project management, etc – well you get my drift. What I am trying to say here is that with Windows crashing down (and the only way to fix the crashed Windows was to reinstall Windows all over again – duh), it did not mean the end of story for me.
Morning routine:
“I just remember getting a random text one Saturday afternoon, asking if I wanted to go to watch fireworks the following night. Fireworks being one of my favorite things to do, I naturally said yes! He asked which location was my favorite and insisted on us going there.
Cheers to both of them. Especially the second one.
Alok Agarwal, 36, Jersey City, N.J.
KT is my heroine. This unexpected undertow....not only has she handled it with such brave calm, but she is fierce. AMAZINGLY fierce. She and her husband are quickly becoming advocates for medical services for children with PKU. She recently wrote about how her husband stood up for his daughter and other children with PKU to include the special formula that is ABSOLUTELY required as part of medical care in health insurance plans. Please go read more on her blog about how YOU can help to be sure that little ones get the formula they need. (And check out that adorable baby girl too. Holy smokes that kid is cute.)
2 proposed
2-14 Ottawa, ONT Scotiabank Place
So, yeah, in summary, mostly happy child, very proud but very confused parent.
money … can’t buy people’s affection
1. Emo is a genre of softcore punk music that integrates unenthusiastic, melodramatic 17-year-olds who don’t smile, high pitched overwrought lyrics and inaudible guitar riffs, tight wool sweaters, tighter jeans, itchy scarves, ripped chucks, black square rimmed glasses, and ebony greasy unwashed hair that is required to cover at least one third of the face at an angle.
Now the face of the franchise for many years to come 3rd Baseman Ryan Zimmerman. Ryan makes many super spectacular plays that are difficult but he makes them look so easy. He also sometimes make really weird facial expressions, one of which is shown on this card. I don't think Ryan chews tobacco so maybe he's securing his bubble gum safely between his lower lip and gums.
Chic gallery wall with a mix of art styles…love
Jeremy wasn’t concerned about calling attention anymore. With that loud a bang, no one was looking at him, all the residents had moved out in front of the catastrophe-hit house. Strange people, Jeremy thought, why don’t they go seek cover?!
So in order to make the payroll tax a truly progressive instrument, only two steps are necessary.
So, what’s the lesson we need to take away? Is it that you trash all your VeggieTales DVD’s and tell your kids that Bob and Larry moved to Abu Dhabi? I don’t think so. Rather, the lesson is for us, as parents, to watch VeggieTales with our kids and supplement the material with the Gospel. Just because VeggieTales is sold in every Christian bookstore in the country does not mean that you can use the DVD’s as a babysitter and hope that your kids get saved. Watch the show with them and use the lessons as a starting point for Gospel conversations.
if you also feel like backing the project you can do it from $1,
The Age of The Grid
That declaration by the Ministry of Civil Affairs was banning an organization that had been dissolved more than three years prior. As for Falun Gong itself, it has only the cultivation principles of “Truth-Compassion-Forbearance” and the five exercises. Its cultivators come and go as they please, and there are no membership lists or dues, and it does not have an organization. The principles of “Truth-Compassion-Forbearance” reside in the cultivators’ hearts, and the exercises are carried out by their bodies. No groups or organizations formed by Falun gong practitioners can be equated to Falun Gong itself. So from any angle, one cannot say that Falun Gong itself was ever banned, nor can it be banned.
Both mother and daughter could hear restless noises below. The men had unhitched their horses and had led them close to the front porch. Hannah enfolded Panther in a tender embrace.
And so a quiet revolution has transpired: I've given up jeans. More than that: I've passionately rejected them. They can go to hell. I've switched entirely to chinos. It's not a perfect solution, but it's no longer the anatomical crisis it was shaping up to be. And it most certainly marks the end of a long, denim-clad era.
Why am I not obsessed with God the way I am with life and the things of this life? Why am I not shouting, “Great is THE One true God, Creator of All things”?
Well, I fell off the tracking wagon this weekend. I didn’t log any of my meals on MyFitnessPal, something that is important because I’m trying to ensure that I am eating enough to maintain my weight as this last, more intensive, leg of half-marathon training kicks in.
So this card is for Die Cuttin Diva's challenge#5 to make a card, layout, altered item with a baby theme and using a baby animal cut. This little monkey was calling to me so I paired him up with a stash of paper that I've had laying around for years! I used cps#208 for the sketch.
we are the future
Definitely no harm in making a mess indoors – it doesn’t cost anything and actually released the child in me! I decided if you can’t beat ‘em join ‘em! I also managed to make a game out of sweeping all the little bits up, although I am certain to find many a white bit of ‘snow’ around the place for a few weeks to come.
New Age by The Velvet Underground
I am in love with people. This is my mantra. So far I have not been wrong. Yes, people are not perfect, but as long as you see their light you will never be disappointed by their shadows. You will not expect them to hold the world on their shoulders and wipe away your problems. I don’t. I love the people around me as if they are me. They make mistakes.
The mysterious witch house act (I really have no idea who is behind this ace, Dario Argento-inspired name) with a knack for creating blood-chilling soundtracks to b-movie collages is about to release the vinyl album "Inverted Triangle I" on Clan Destine/Phantasma Disques, while they also have in the works the "Fromrussiawithaids" split CDR which includes the track behind this blood-stained tribute:
My youngest sister's Fairy Lights and her big Hello Kitty teddy. The Hong Kong Skyline which I took last Summer, I'll be reunited with it soon! Some runny egg custard buns from our favourite Cantonese restaurant.
Is she progressing with toilet training? No. Not really progressing. Plateau. She’s kind of had it down for almost a year. Nights and all.
Well I have been missing the wonderful world of blogging, this is a scheduled post so by now I am officially in my new house......for 4 days now. Exciting!!!!
The grilling section gave you options: chicken quarters, pork liempo, squid, and fish. The serving sizes were so big that undoubtedly you would be full after one serving. This is a buffet, and the diners would prefer to taste a bit of everything, thankyouverymuch.
Additional benefits of retrofitting the more energy inefficient is improved Air Quality, reduced energy consumption and Security for everyone on the property.
And it is sprinkled with holy water.
“On May 20, 2012, a rare solar eclipse alignment will happen between the Earth, the Sun and Alcyone in the Pleiades Constellation. According to myth, the hunter Orion was in love with the SEVEN SISTERS and pursued them until the gods took them to safety, transforming them first into doves, and then into stars. Maia, the eldest of the seven sisters, gave birth to Hermes (Thoth).” “The Pleiades are a well-known sight in the Northern Hemisphere in winter and in the Southern Hemisphere in summer, and have been known since ancient times to cultures all around the world. The Hopi considerthemselves direct descendants of the Pleiades“ The Maya also consider the Pleiades very important and base their calendars on this star system and the planet Venus. “Eclipses mean changes and new beginnings. The only way to claim your beauty, your wealth, your health, and your love is to see it in others. For the world mirrors your own reflection. If you do not feel worthy and prosperous, you see that in your own reflection. Do not focus on depreciation: instead focus on appreciation. Allow what you have ownership of to gain value through you. You receive value when you see the value of others. You gain your beauty when you see the beauty of others. You gain wealth when you rejoice in the good fortune of others. Their good fortune means that your good fortune is right around the corner. Every minute of every day you too shall be blessed if you quietly bless others.”
Arising in darkness conjures years spent on the road in sales – cruising behind hopped up tractor trailer drivers on icy highways headed too far north – recalls chunky salted gravel and cracked windshields, gold jewelry and high heels; competitive striving and the stale breath of poverty blowing straight down the back of my youthful neck. If I were to whitewash memories a bit, I’d cast back to a childhood spent in anticipation of oceans and lakes, deserts and mountains – places out of the city where my young soul gulped the rarified air of freedom. But it meant arising at four, and even then it seemed a sacrilege to shuffle about before the sun decided to broadcast another day.
"Doubtful that it extends to the regulation of the creators of content such as individual bloggers" - this means that if Finkelstein's regime were to be enacted, it would have to place the burden on ISPs to censor content from blogs which fell foul of the regulatory framework, since there would be no power to act against the blogs themselves (unless they were corporations, and let's face it, few are).
tickets I told you about last week. Hope you will find good use for them!
Stand Out Dream Sequence: One dream sequence has a military captain meeting the ghosts of all the soldiers that died under his command. One moment he is walking in front of a tunnel, and suddenly, from inside the darkness of the tunnel all the ghost soldiers come out marching in unison!
coach. After a brief discussion, our coach told us to pack it up and head back to the weight room. When we got back inside, we were told of the accident.
Today my cousin stopped over on her way through town and although we don't see each other more than a few times a year, I just loved it when she exclaimed "holy cow you guys get really into holidays and parades don't you?" She had seen a few of my photos on Facebook...the ones in which green puked all over my entire family.
Aries is the first sign in the Zodiac wheel. As such, it is the energy of pioneers, progenitors, and paters (fathers). It is an intensely masculine energy, and intensely fiery. It is no accident that Aries, the sign, and Ares, the Greek god of war, are homonyms, and that the name of the ruling planet, Mars, is the Roman form of Ares.
Yes. I do. And no one warned me...
It's a rustic tumble of spaghetti, the short strands studded with bits of cheese, garlic and errant disbursement of salt and pepper. I love my pasta dry like this, moistened only with a splash of olive oil.
Go for a walk across the street in Central Park to de-stress over unfinished novel and anorexic bank account.
6. So anyways… My husband has this irritating habit that a friend or relative of yours may have also. He starts every story off with, “So anyways…”If I interrupt his hour-long dissertation, he starts over again, with, “So anyways…”
And so on and so on and so on.
Red lipstick is like the stiletto heel of the make up. Every woman owns at least one tube of red lipstick in her make up bad. Red lipstick is like glamour in a tube. There’s just something about red lipstick that can make a woman feel sexy and classy at the same time. It has yet to go out of style. Celebrities such as Gwen Stefani and Christina Aguilera are known for their wearing of red lipstick. Women started wearing red lipstick more in the 1920′s with the flapper girls. In the 1930′s and 40′s red lipstick was more associated with the idea of adult sexuality and prostitution. It wasn’t until the 1950′s when the arrival of actresses Marilyn Monroe and Elizabeth Taylor that red lipstick became sexy again. The one thing that is so appealing about red lipstick is that it so easy to wear and anyone can pull it off. The trick is to know what colours suit your hair and skin colour
…Everything becomes naturally beautiful with the appearance of the autumn season. Similarly, when a materialistic person takes to Kṛṣṇa consciousness and spiritual life, he also becomes as clear as the sky and water in autumn. The autumn season takes away the rolling of dark clouds in the sky as well as the polluted water. Filthy conditions on the ground also become cleansed. Similarly, a person who takes to Kṛṣṇa consciousness immediately becomes cleansed of all dirty things within and without. Kṛṣṇa is therefore known as Hari. “Hari” means “he who takes away.” Kṛṣṇa immediately takes away all unclean habits from anyone who takes to Kṛṣṇa consciousness. The clouds of autumn are white, for they do not carry any water. Similarly, a retired man, being freed from all responsibility of family affairs (namely, maintaining the home, wife and children) and taking completely to Kṛṣṇa consciousness, becomes freed from all anxieties and looks as white as clouds in autumn. Sometimes in autumn the falls come down from the top of the hill to supply clean water, and sometimes they stop. Similarly, sometimes great saintly persons distribute clear knowledge, and sometimes they are silent. The small ponds which were filled with water because of the rainy season, gradually dry up in autumn. As for the tiny aquatics living in the reservoirs, they cannot understand that their numbers are diminishing day by day, as the materially engrossed persons cannot understand that their duration of life is being reduced day by day.
I will make use of Artscroll’s translation, with the Yad Avraham, as well as Pinhas Kehati’s commentaries.
As she buried her face in her cousin’s shoulder, Susan could smell the strange, almost rotten, scent of Vivienne’s coat, with its leathery skin and furry edges. Then coming through over the top of that was another smell, it seemed to be oranges and lemons, sweetness and sunshine.
approx 125ml alcohol of choice- rum, brandy, whiskey.
Me: Blair Underwood is a singer. She won American Idol or America’s Got Talent. Was it Al Pacino or Robert DeNiro who was in Angels in America?
Simply Chartreuse & Stampers' Select White cardstock
finish. A very stylish shade with a funky yet easy to wear vintage look.
The last thing I want to talk about with The Stand is also related to the characters. I debated for a while whether or not I should bring this up, as it will be in some ways jumping ahead in the journey. But then I decided that, when it comes right down to it, I have read several (most) of King’s works already, and despite intentions or desires, one simply cannot experience something for the first time twice. This fact was particularly evident while reading The Stand, and not just because the story was familiar throughout, but also because I’ve seen the mini-series, twice. Somewhere along the way, I remember reading King discussing the idea of making his Dark Tower series into a movie. King mentioned that he was hesitant to do that because once you make a movie out of a book, people get an actor in their mind when they think of a character, and will associate that character with the actor, and he didn’t necessarily want that done with the characters in the Dark Tower books. This idea manifested itself while I was reading The Stand this time, as I totally pictured the actors from the movie all throughout when I was reading the book. Now, on the one hand, that’s not necessarily a bad thing, as it sort of gives you a distinct mental picture while reading. But, I have discovered one of the down sides to this. That being that actors don’t stop making movies. They will continue to work and play other characters. Sometimes, they may even go on to star in a television show where they portray a single character a lot….. so much so that when you think of that actor, you will think of that character (can anyone who is a fan of The Office ever really watch anything with Steve Carell without thinking, at least a little bit, of Michael Scott?). This can be quite hindering when you are reading a book, like The Stand, and you are reading about one of your favorite characters, Nick, a young deaf mute who is probably one of the best characters in the book. Well, when I was reading the parts with Nick, I couldn’t help but think about Rob Lowe, who portrayed Nick in the mini-series. Now, Rob Lowe did a fantastic job as Nick, however, more recently Rob Lowe has also done a fantastic job of portraying Chris Traeger on the show Parks and Recreation. Now, I love Rob’s character on that show, I think he plays it wonderfully. For those of you who don’t watch the show, he plays a character that is pretty narcissistic, hyper, health obsessed, and speaks very fast. It’s a great character. However, it is not what I want to be picturing in my head while I’m trying to think about Nick Andros. However, I couldn’t help myself. Because of the mini-series, when I think of Nick, I think of Rob Lowe, and due to Parks and Recreations, when I think of Rob Lowe, I think of Chris Traeger. Now, all this is not to say that books should not be adapted into movies or TV shows or anything like that. This is just a potential negative that can happen when you start assigning characters in a book to a face in real life that also happens to play other characters.
What matters, what REALLY matters, is number of lives changed.
“My dear brothers, take note of this: Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry…”
Purify my life as Yours alone.
The Tories say charity is more important than ever before but this is nonsense as they carry on cutting charitable funding from the government .
So much as this is matter of plain history, but it is another question whether, within the precincts of the Oxford University itself, there has been preserved since the days of William III. and of his successor Queen Anne, a tradition and a line of doctrinal opinion and influence, which, though at one time it became feeble and faltering, never absolutely died out, and which has revived, so to speak, from its ashes during the last half century; and whether, accordingly, the present development of Romish ideas and Romanising activity, taken as a whole, may be said to be a natural English revival, derived from the Non-Jurors of two centuries ago.
“How could Jinx scratch the wallpaper if he was still asleep?” her father interrupted. Lisa didn’t respond. He seemed to be a little bit angry because he had obviously been lied to. He was about to continue with his interrogation when he noticed a little tear had appeared in Lisa’s eye.
First day back at the gym in the new year was yesterday - check!
An EXCLUSIVE offer good only for those who order the August kit!
We look back at Hamlet as a masterpiece, a great artistic achievement. But in truth, Hamlet was a commercial work. All of Shakespeare’s plays were. He made his living as a playwright and an actor. The success of his plays determined how well he could eat and live. He was dependent on the audience returning to the Globe for more of his plays. Their entertainment directly determining his own living situation. If an audience rebelled and scorned an ending or play they did not like, you could be sure Shakespeare learned from those mistakes.
Clawed out the life of cradled innocence.
The storyline and the movie plot is something that I have always looked forward to into , no matter what kind of movie it is, if the plot doesn’t seem impressive enough then I think the film would surely be a let-down. That’s MY opinion.
3. Artsy Forager – Lesley Frenz gives me a daily dose of yummy lovely interesting art. At the moment she’s travelling through the Pacific Northwest of the States and reports on the talent she encounters. I’d quite like to be her pal.
Once, I went to a hospital to sing for a man who was dying of cancer. I had never met him before. He was old. His hair was falling out due to his sickness. His body trembled and his eyes announced his happiness, emitting tears; a weeping founded in joy. He was joyful because he knew the blood of Christ. He has seen it wash his erroneous nature. I trembled too… witnessing a soul so close to the gates of paradise.
Man’s phone rings around 9pm last night. You hear him say, “Wow, man – that’s great; congratulations.” You don’t wait for him to get off the phone: “Who’s pregnant?” He writes an initial with his finger in the air.
I was in the desire
On Friday, we got info that the mid-west was experiencing some nasty weather....I even got an email from AirTran informing us that if we wanted to change their return trip home, they could do so w/ no penalty fees.
Thank you so much for the feedback yesterday! It is nice to hear from so many vintage tile lovers. I would never consider taking the tile out unless we were completely remodeling the room and changing the layout. However, I did research some options...
Compact Foundation (Amber Glow)
Have any of you been in a Dunkin Donuts drive-through, and the car in front of you had nine women in it? Did you pull out of line, park, and walk inside, or did you pull out that three-hundred page paperback book you’ve been dying to read? This happened to me the other morning as I stopped in for my usual large hot coffee with cream and sugar.
Went for a lovely walk in the sunshine with my LO :D
You see, Michael accidentally dumped them all over the garage floor when he tried he get something out of the fridge. *sigh* We never did get around to making more!
After listening to this song and a few others I felt so filled and blessed to spend time focusing on God and who He is, and where he opens my eyes to His beauty. It's all around and yet so many times my eyes and heart are not open to see it. I prayed that the Lord would continue to open my eyes to see Him. He sees every detail of me and yet I want to see more of Him, and know more of His character and beauty.
As you may remember from recent posts, I have been known to walk the line of sanity and I have some OCD issues, but for the most part, I am okay. Really, I am. There are some things though, that really push my buttons and make me go just a little nuts. Here are my top ten biggest pet peeves that really drive me up a wall.
RND 2: *sc in first st, 2 sc in next st*, repeat around (18 stitches)
Watching the bamboozler,
I looked around me. "Letter?"
Glues: Tombow Mono Glue Stick and Mono Dots
Get it?
Last Saturday, Herman Cain declared that he is suspending his campaign amid allegations of sexual harassment and extramarital affairs, and, of course, falling poll numbers. But, of course, he did not quote these obvious reasons for the suspension. Here are 10 other reasons why he had suspended his campaign.
i'm not prepared!
One week ago, Claire's cousin Dinah slit her wrists.
“But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men: And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross.”
There was a group gathered around an outside table, not bothered by the chill of the autumn temperatures, seemingly discussing a piece of literature.
This shirt is soooo comfortable--silky and drapey and just feels effortless on. I was iffy about buying these pants because I wasn't sure what color they were--and I really still am not sure. They aren't gray...but yet that's the closest color I can think of. Regardless, they are a great neutral and match everything and can be worn the entire year which I am a big fan of.
as I sat on the floor before him,
The fourth OAV is Retino~Bondage. It’s a flashback episode that begins with a rather dark Riki by himself, and getting sloshed at a bar.
so we continue to walk in a slumber
Michele (Du Berry) Beale, 37, Essex, Britain
Far more interesting is the fact that apparently SoCal Ed has awakened to the need for direct approach to the public and the website I've just found which is attached to the SoCal Ed site for SONGS (San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station) is proof. The website is actually pretty impressive; it's located at "songscommunity dot com" and the entry page is found by clicking here.
Whether or not I am working it seems that my presence is going to be felt. Last week one of the assistants claimed to see me upstairs in the stockroom when I was actually downstairs in the dispensary. Even if work does not haunt me, I am going to be haunting work!
I don't know. But clearly our other three sons have ill-prepared us for EPIC son number four.
For 25 years now the Festival of One Acts has been happening at my alma mater. Randy Landry and Adam Thornton, two of the first year's 6 directors and two of my closest college friends, have passed away. But in my mind they are there, Adam in his ripped-up jeans, Randy with his funny voice and soft hair. I think they were happy then, too, on those warm evenings in May.
I love that you love playschool,
leaving you all alone to guard that very table.
Arist: Passion
Usually, during a taste test, I take a good mouthful of the beer in front of me, gulp it down, and take another mouthful immediately afterwards. It's not massively scientific (as you can clearly see) but it's a pretty decent way of exposing the drink to as many regions of myself that might wish to offer-up some initial feedback. This is also usually a point where I stop drinking for a moment whilst I scribble some of that early feedback down.
Emma and Allen’s uneventful ride in the helicopter should have been relaxing, but with McMuscles sitting across from them, opening walnuts in his fists (Somehow, he managed to keep the brain shaped nuts intact) they shared an uneasy feeling.
Since I have started using it regularly (just last month) I found that I had plenty of energy in the day, it kept me full for a long time, and my sugar cravings went down. That's a really big deal for me because a sweet tooth is something that I struggle with while trying to eat healthy. And I just love knowing that I'm putting something SO nutritious into my body, yet I don't even have to think about it. So, if you've been wondering what this Shakeology stuff is that I've been posting about, then give it a try this month. There will be money going to a good cause for it, and your body will love it, too. And if for some reason you don't, Beachbody does have a 30-day "bottom of the bag" guarantee in which you can get your money back if for some reason you don't love the way it makes you feel. But you're gonna love it.
Keep following this blog for another option to ensure retail costs don’t kill off the game companies we love!
“Bullshit - SMRT trains delayed this morning due to ‘bad weather condition’ and ‘train fault’.” – icelatte
Amalia is a natural born show jumper, the sky is her limit so of course I could not say no.
What does such criteria say about women’s goals for relationships? Are they really interested in marriage and parenting? Do they really care if their children have a relationship with God throught faith in Christ?
© 2006-11 Celia Fenn and Starchild Global http://www.starchildglobal.com – You are free to copy, distribute, display, and perform the work under the following conditions: You must give the author credit, you may not use this for commercial purposes, and you may not alter, transform or build upon this work. For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to others the license terms of this work. Any of these conditions can be waived if you get permission from the copyright holder. Any other purpose of use must be granted permission by author.
JUSTIN: How much of something like ALWAYS (1985) was scripted?
V. It only stood for 66 years...
Kristine Van Raden: Co-author of Letters to Our Daughters (Hyperion,1999). Kristine is a partner in Matters That Matter (LLC), offering workshops around the country. Their mission is “to inspire all to live according to their own deeply held values and priorities by bringing courage, contentment and grace to life.”
As you've read last, I was planning to attend a weekend ladies retreat, this past weekend. I did. And wow! What a breath of fresh air! Seriously. I really, really needed a retreat/getaway and I'm so grateful I was able to go.
Hello dear friends and folks!
Dr. Henry Cowell and his staff run the lunatic asylum. Cowell specializes in the madness of women. And he is certain he can cure his newest ward: Iris Dunleavy. Cowell is fond of the “water treatment,” a “cure” so painful it might as well be called torture. He knows all about Iris and feels she needs to be taken down a peg or two, and he is happy to do it. Cowell promises Iris’s husband that he’s going to make her “well again.” Iris and Cowell serve as each other’s antagonist. A battle of wills breaks out between the two.
So today’s training called for a swim session and a run. I’m planning to jam as many of my training sessions into my work day as possible and still figuring out what’s going to work and what isn’t. Today I took a slightly longer lunch to fit in a trip to the pool and my plan was to run from work back to a bus stop that allowed me to get a decent run in as well.
(the "no turning back, you're in the Navy now" one)
I really was not going to go out on Saturday. But when Jenny texted me, how could I say no? Another night of laughter and some really funny moments (such as “He looks like the groom from Wedding Crashers mixed with Zac Efron, right?” – the answer was no- and “What an effing cast of characters” referring to our boys.)
A rather poignant picture of my wife with Sam the morning before his surgery. He tried to hide behind the book, but alas...he wasn't quick enough to avoid the clutches of the surgeons.
We go camping because we believe that it wasn't really as bad last time as we remember. Our memory must be faulty and this trip will be better, It's the same reason people gamble. Someone has to win, I might be that someone.
Well, it turned into one of those things that sat around unfinished, until I found some cheap coloured glue sticks at the local Warehouse store.
This is may-blossom, in other words, hawthorn and this is a particularly fine pink specimen. Since Beltane is linking to dancing and fertility rituals, the heavenly scent and blush-tinged appearance of the blossom contribute to the theme. (Incidentally "cast ne'er a clout till May be out" means "don't shed any clothes till the hawthorn is in bloom" not, as a schoolfriend of mine thought, "don't hit anyone till the beginning of June." I think this year that the real advice of the saying is good, at least in the UK).
Owing to both a welcome batch of pre-SXSW writing assignments and an unwelcome kid sickness, I've been mired in blog silence all week. There's plenty to write about, but no time to write.
~of course you can use plain cupcake pans and each child can decorate their own cupcake - but we found a mini loaf pan at Micheal's - it makes 9 "cakes" at a time - also great for meatloaf!
In total, there was the cover and spots. THANKS DAN!
Here is what I'm saying SO WHAT to this week:
In the white lily's breezy tent,
and never back down in the war against drugs;
I wore make-up to work yesterday because we had an important visitor come to our facility, but I normally don't wear make-up during the week. So, I mixed up my oil blend (80% EVOO & 20% CO) and began massaging away my make-up. I did this for about 20 minutes. I felt so good that I didn't want to stop! You don't have to do it for this long but it was so nice to just sit back and relax while I gave myself a nice facial. The oil warms under your fingers and it really feels wonderful!
LANE NE, PAUL RI, BRATCHER DF, STOVER BH. Pediatric emergency physicians and communicable diseases: can we be trusted to take care of ourselves? Pediatr Emerg Care 1997; 13: 308-311.
His words.
My parents broke me. I am not sure if it was one more so than the other, but each of them broke me in their own way. I know that a lot of my struggles stem from the lack of love I received as a child. I received a love from my father that wasn't truly love, it was a self satisfying, warped sense of love on his part, but it was all I knew. I thought that in order to be loved I had to give a part of myself that was my most precious possession, my innocence. My mother on the other hand was so closed off from me and never offered any sort of love. I was never good enough, despite the fact that I excelled at nearly everything that I tried. Whether that was academics or sports, I always excelled. I struggled making friends because I wasn't sure what they wanted from me. I didn't feel good enough to have a friend because my mother never let me know that I was good. There was always something that I could do better. When I topped out on my grades, it went unrecognized, as if the excellence did not matter. I was either not good enough or too good. I think this created a lot of conflict as I aged. My mother couldn't stand that I was better than she was at life, and she still can't. I have accomplished more in my life than she could ever dream of and I feel that it really irritates her, even though we rarely talk.
All good things must end though, right?
But Dan isn’t finished with his lesson yet. The Catholic haters need some history:
IRB Forms
You may shoot me with your words,
Seeking wild Flame Lilies in the Kasane Forest Reserve just behind our home, is now a family New Year tradition, or perhaps even a ritual to get the year off to a good start!....
In the quest to find the right walker baby group has given us the opportunity to try different things. Just this past week we tried a heavier childrens shopping cart to see how Nick took to it (he didn't).
Lola is four and a half; she'll have her magnet school testing in January. These e-books will give her even more confidence and site word experience. I mean, the listen and learn books highlight the words as they're read by the funny Sesame Street character. Thank God my girls have their own laptop (my old HP) because I would never get mine back from Lola once she sees this. And they even have a rotating selection of five books for free reading/listening. Pretty cool!
“The only thing I want is you. The other thing I want is honesty – please always be honest with me even when you think it’s going to hurt me or it’s going to be uncomfortable for you to tell me – I promise you that if you do that, I will respect you and love you more than I already do because I already accept everything about you; nothing you tell me is going to make me leave if you don’t want me to go.” Sam to The MIC.
I am fortunate that job security is not an issue at my "real job," the one that actually pays for bills, rent, etc. What about those people who depend on these minimum-wage jobs for their livelihood.
Father, as your child in Jesus I desire to be totally an instrument for Your Kingdom to manifest through my life. I desire to receive your Promise of the Holy Spirit to those who believe. Jesus, my Savior and King, baptize me in the Holy Spirit so that the power of your resurrection will work in me and transform me according to your will. Holy Spirit, empower me and fill me to overflowing. I hold nothing back from you. Work your gifts in me and through me so that the Father’s Kingdom may be manifested in and through my life. I ask this in Jesus’ mighty Name. Amen!
I recommend a visit to the pavilion (at the corner of Oscar Freire and Consolação). You will enjoy and probably leave with your credit card lightened.
promise to love each other today, tomorrow, and forever.
Obviously there are plenty of other "liberal" Americans who think the way I do and our beliefs are so different from American "conservatives" I would almost venture to say that these beliefs trump our cultural connection. Or am I being pessimistic?
19 through
2. Juliet Sims (Cee-Lo save): During her desperation song, her vibrato was bleaty like a goat. But other than that mistake, she was at her best this week. Juliet picks decent songs, but is only just now figuring out how to sing them. That makes me uneasy.
1 rarely
We all have mini-deaths or mini-crucifixions because that’s the nature of human life.
Everybodys experiences have been different this week. Activities have varied depending on family...some of us have gone to hammams, the traditional bathhouses here, done henna, and one family even took their students to a wedding last night. They got back at seven am this morning, just in time for class!
“I'll give you a dollar for this”.
Relationship/Marriage – Agreement in Support of Self-Expression
And don’t be frustrated if you don’t have lots of friends like these because they are rare and beautiful to find.
much thanks to crooks and liars for this story
Melting reclaimed glass is always unpredictable. The color often changes when heated and formed and the temperature needed to form the glass is always uncertain. This glass proved a success. The pendant took exactly the form I hoped and the color stayed as rich and pretty as it was in the store.
"I see."
Whew! Finished. And the storms have not yet arrived but I think I will unplug the computer and wireless before heading to bed--just in case. I really hate having to get up after I've gone to sleep to take care of electronics during a storm but at this house you don't want to risk it! Once during a storm, we were hit by lightning THREE times! Yikes! And yes, we lost a lot of stuff because of it. Lesson learned that's for sure!
This salvation is a free gift from God. Ephesians 2:8,9 tells us:
We had a sandwich and coffee and left for Skofja Loka, not sure whether we’ll return. Just outside Lubljana we stopped at a shopping centre and bought a couple of bottles of Slovenian wine (A Quercus Merlot and an Urska Merlot – can’t go wrong with a Merlot, right? About 6 Euro each)
Sunday April 29/P120 we are still bogged down with tidying up at the old house but stopped to spend a few minutes with AJ as he constructed a castle in the garden out of sticks. I love his immagination.
To cut my jigsaw pieces I used my Core-Dinations “Nostalgia” Card Stock, and the paper pad that I used to compliment this, was my all time favourite (and least used because I cry at the thought of it running out… lol) Maja Designs “Life By The Sea.” This is double sided and has the most wonderful light house pattern on the back… so the jigsaw pieces I have left over, have been dearly saved for another day. Smiles.
A Girl in Every Port is considered by many scholars to be the most important of Hawks' early works because it was his first to introduce the themes and character types he would continue to explore throughout his long and distinguished career. And, notably, Louise Brooks is the first to portray what became known as the "Hawksian woman."
The presence of young Korean Americans, second generation and beyond, drives this trend to a much deeper nadir. The second generation Korean Americans grew up without ever exploring the ceiling of what Korean food could be, or establishing the floor of what Korean food, at a minimum, should be. Yet, by virtue of their minority status, they become false representatives of authenticity to mainstream America, which is never all that good at appreciating finer differences within a given ethnic group. Even David Chang, probably the most famous Korean American chef in the U.S. right now, apparently "had no idea there were such endless varieties of namul," or seasoned vegetable dishes, in Korean cuisine. To me, that is an inexcusable level of ignorance -- namul is (or, at least, should be) on a Korean table every meal, every day. If you do not even know the characteristics of one of the most foundational components of Korean food, what the hell do you know?
The internal fitting of the building will take place over the coming weeks.
’cause I don’t think that they’d understand.
Early in my research, after I gathered many of my resources, I spent one weekend on photo research. It’s a great way to begin to “see” the people in the story. That’s when I discovered the photographs of Father Frank Browne, who was on board ship for the first 24 hours before departing with many rare pictures. As it turned out, I decided to begin the book with Father Browne.
Empaths are another group of gifted people who share close connections with those who are psychic in that they often experience the emotions of others. That is the key different between someone feeling empathy WITH someone and someone having sympathy FOR them. Understanding the suffering of another is not the same as experiencing their suffering with them.
Well, thanks to you I've exceeded all of my original expectations by a gazillion and somehow I've gained all of you as my beautiful readers who have indeed been watching on.
So, I knew I wanted to write something that echoed back to those writers, something that I knew would take years and years to create. Coupled with this, though, was my love of fun, fantastical literature. Fast-paced stories with cool ideas really grab my attention and hold it. I can usually read two or three such books to one classic novel. Often times, these fast-paced, page-turners have nothing more to offer than a quick escape from reality. They’re just entertaining stories.
Feature: Erik Allen
Today is May the 4th, and it's Star Wars Day. :) Lol, no I did not know that this day exists, I'm not really a Star Wars fan, I learnt about it from the ladies at Bento Bloggers group. So I'm joining in the fun, by making Star Wars bentos and linking up for Star Wars bento hop. :) Remember to click on the logo at the end of the post to go on a 'May the 4th be with you' blog hop. :)
Close Up
William Hague should be making urgent representations to the Malaysian government to ensure any such intimidation of students ceases.”
The 4th of July may be over but that doesn't mean you can't still have fireworks - and not the kind that are harmful to people, animals and the environment. These fireworks are for your tastebuds!
rather than following the usual Belgian model of huge bottled beer
the story follows ririchiyo who is the descendant of an ayakashi. in the past, ayakashi and humans mixed and for some reason, the families with the ayakashi blood have always been very rich. but since the people who inherit the blood are seen as the ayakashi reincarnated, the families always treat them like the early ayakashi and so ririchiyo developed a sharp tongue to protect herself. since the descendants are weaker than full blooded ayakashi, to protect them there was a building where ayakashi descendants would live together with secret service body guards and they would band together in case they were attacked. the anime starts as ririchiyo moves in to the building, intending to live alone but she finds her own guard there. although she tries to get rid of him at first, she slowly gets to know him and meets the other people who live in the building.
“Well, its nice to have a hobby.”
Judith and David are lovely and have a house filled with unique and wonderful things!
I am now at the stage where I can’t actually get up on a morning and want to go to work. Instead I wake up and hate the idea of going to work. I would rather do anything than be at work. I have recently taken a week off work – holidays not sick by the way. And I felt so much happier. I was a less stressed out person. I felt good about myself. But today I have just been pushed over the edge, and I actually have no idea what the cause was. Maybe because there was a change in plans in my personal life, or maybe its because of my ever expanding workload. I don’t really know. What I do know is that I ended up crying my eyes out and blurting out everything I was feeling. It did make me feel better about myself. For a short time.
Taste: 4.5
This card is for
Joseph took a baseball bat to the dog and sat with its head on his knee. Just its head. I think it must have been the baseball bat which was up for the BAFTA, best supporting actor.
For the first quarter of 2012, per the JOLTS data, net hiring for the construction sector stood at 28,000 positions. While disappointing given initial hopes for 2012, the first quarter stills stands favorably compared to all of 2011, for which net hiring for the sector totaled 67,000 for the entire year (although it was the first year of net job creation for construction since 2006).
Heddon-on-the-Wall is a village in Northumberland located on Hadrian's Wall about nine miles form the centre of Newcastle upon Tyne.
& mounted on cradled studio board.
1 cup butter, softened
hands in the air, twirling around.
We men – try to earn money to get women.
I am going out for lunch and will catch up with you all later in the day.
There’s tons more. We haven’t even gotten to choosing the right pot. It’s a harmony thing…
Now I have to get down to organizing a book launch. A Saturday afternoon between now and the long Victoria Day weekend. Mid-town Toronto. Hope to see all of you there.
I could tell this was going to cost me big bucks because the there were numerous comfortable couches, a colorful rug, and a large-screened TV.
To:
I painted this desk with Annie Sloan's Chalk Paint in Paris Gray. I sprayed the hardward with Rustoleum Spray Paint in Lagoon. I usually always wax my chalk paint pieces, but I decided to try and polyurethane this piece and I actually love how it sealed it.
Prices can range from the comfortable to the prohibitive. Don’t go in for features you will never use. Are you looking for something for leisure activity, transportation, fitness, or sport? It could be a combination. Shop around and ask for guidance. If you are thinking about cruising for long distances, be sure to discuss this with your salesperson.
'What's wrong, aren't you well,' she asked? My mother is the type of
This list only features scenes that were actually filmed in New York without too much enhancement or special effects, so no sci-fi (King Kong, Ghostbusters, Men In Black, I Am Legend). I also avoid scenes that are obviously in New York City but are interiors with no distinguishing features ('You talkin' to me?' and 'I coulda been a contender' both spring to mind.)
7. EXTREME RULES MATCH: John Cena vs. Brock Lesnar.
Clink link below: You Are God Alone by Marvin Sapp
2. In the top half of a double boiler set over simmering water, heat the butter and the chocolate until chocolate is almost completely melted.
PROSPECTS: Tim Burton, the ultimate cult director. Dark Shadows, the ultimate 60s cult series. The trailer looks amusing and fun.
There was a moment, during our crazed last minute preparations, when he wanted to drop everything to go shoot a squirrel in the backyard. The idea of having to brine a squirrel carcass right then, with so much else to do, had me screaming liking a banshee (aren't banshees more related to Hallween than satan?)
These things started popping up a couple years ago and I laughed. It seemed like a stupid idea, and it seemed like something nobody could possibly buy into, at least no real runner. I mean, shorts with a skirt over it? Really? WHY??? What is the point other than to say “OH MY GOD TEE HEE I AM A GIRL!!! LOLZ”
The family next door is still unwell. Pugsley made it to school yesterday - I'm not sure if he had to come home at some point during the day but anyway, he wasn't well enough today. Everyone has a hacking cough, a raised temperature and feels generally rotten, apart from Squiffany, who is fine. The Sage and I are also fine. Squiff came through for a while this afternoon, having a family who doesn't want to do anything much with her and just lies on the sofa coughing isn't the most fun for a lass.
A perfect image for this type of card ~ They're adorable Fran! Congratulations to you and your new hubby, and thank you so much for joining us.
If you want to fight, first study your enemy, study the way he thinks, understand his behaviour and his survival mechanisms, but never underestimate your enemy and least of all never go up against an enemy that does not fight according to the rules you expect him to follow, because you will lose.
Gregory: but you’re being so mean and negative
For best results make holes in the bottom of whatever you’re using for drainage. If that’s not possible, put a layer of small stone in the bottom and then potting soil on top.
The above bookcase would play nicely with this Library Desk from Viva Terra. The built-in book nook looks cool and would probably be really functional. I'm also a fan of the weathered gray finish. Only problem is that the aforementioned storage issue would not be solved. Ugh, it's so hard to get a good-looking and practical desk!
That's why one or two stop by
This is the easy part to report. The other part, the part about the running in and out of town for this procedure, this treatment, that overnight sojourn at the hospital hilton, hours in the waiting room, snacking on crackers and cheese, that part is the real trap we have been facing.
Sets and Costumes: Supposedly low-end, but a mite too clean for all that. Steve McQueen made everything he wore look like a well-broken-in motorcycle jacket.
I hate calling. It feels pathetic and dependent. Moreover, in the far past, this kind of anxiety would have triggered in him a bit of anger. Anger that I wasn't being trusting and was exhibiting a lack of faith. I'd searched my heart on the faith issue and knew I hadn't gone there, at least not yet. How would I communicate that to him and was it worth triggering a response and possibly really distracting him from his work? His work is pretty intense right now.
they're almost edible.
The Exploitation of Trayvon Martin
Unfortunately, money is also part of the freedom equation, and the economics of living in New York City is closing the window of opportunity for many who would like to live here and exercise various lifestyle choices unfettered. However, for those who are tenacious and adequately driven, living in New York City for the person of average means is still possible, albeit requiring some resourceful thinking and a willingness to compromise a lot.
Fabulosity – The quality of being fabulous. Interestingly enough, this word also refers to the quality of dealing in falsehood, or telling lies.
and the endless scent of milk-warm skin
Set a goal today to see how many runs I could make by noon so there was no messing around and I was alone in my own little Ipod world. I started really cranking runs and when Rat and Jesse showed up I already had 11. And it was only a little after 10. Kept jamming,but the pace was beginning to slow though I tried to keep up the pressure on them. Had to wait a bit and then began to jump ahead on the chair seeing as I was going to be out of there at noon and the sun was already starting to fade and the light was going flat.
The look I got told me that this wasn’t what she wanted to hear.
As readers follow Ginny’s story of her year through her collection of stuff – notes from friends, report cards, receipts, cartoons, poems, etc. – an image of a funny, loveable girl struggling with her identity emerges, whoever that girl ultimately turns out to be.
I have counters to these anxieties, but fears are insidious, often disguising themselves as emotional or mental toughness. However, these disguises are only the outward appearance of strength. In fact they may just be markers for points of weakness.
Sales are rising, but the recovery is leaving some artists behind. Why Renoir and Calder are up, and Munch and Hirst are down
I love them..I love Peonies~Iris~ Foxglove~Lily Of The Valley~ Lilacs~Anemones~Clematis~ Roses~ Hostas(yes..even hostas)..Some Ferns..Herbs~Sunflowers~etc..ad infinitum:) Tout ce qui est beau dans mon jardin.
There was a lot of background on the process of designing and building a ship, including information on the chief designer of the Titanic, Thomas Andrews. This has additional meaning for me as my primary school in Comber - Andrews Memorial Primary - was named in his honour.
Last week I was on Spring Break.
The Boss Grape Man guided him over to the taping area, a little mountain of polystyrene boxes, stacked with the same careful precision as a family of bogans might stack mouldering play equipment on top of a rusted Fairlane.
Testimony of Gods work, faithfulness is always an encouragement.
I think I have met too many people since then who believe that, because a train is late, there was snow on the tracks.
4. I tried to stop myself from ranting that I barely understand the Physics lecture. I just wrote. That’s all.
Levon's vocals have always been some of the most soulful ever cut to tape, and his drumming epitomizes southern funkiness. He will be missed, but the music and his spirit will live on forever. (I stand corrected- I initially posted Levon is the lead singer on this track, but it's actually Richard Manuel. Levon is driving the song with that incredible drumming)
Two sets of neighbourly friends held keys to my house. Over the years they’ve checked on my house hundreds of times without so much as a whispered complaint.
As a valued member of our community, we hope you will continue to provide great reviews, while keeping in mind our Review Guidelines. See you on Yelp!
Do you think that you may have this sad, fake disease? Well, here in the below post I will ask questions… You will answer the questions, truthfully… You will score your questions… Then look at the results… Here we go:
I was chatting with Lynda over the phone about this, but we had to cut our conversation short because someone had pulled in to choose a dress. The excitement in her voice was contagious. I hope it catches on with more than a few others.
And for a good laugh, watch this followup from WPIX where Halloran speaks on behalf of the owner and says he "had no idea" what kind of condition the lot was in. So he bought the lot sight unseen? Or did he win it in a poker game?
I wish this didn't bother me so much, and that I could say "I don't care what people think of me!" and mean it - but it does matter to me, especially when its people I'm dealing with on a daily basis.
My underwear. It’s covered in colorful tiny hearts.
As this occurs, a shifting takes place within your forms and within all forms including the Earth. Each change creates the opening for more change and this will continue until a total transformation happens.
Four weeks ago I placed a new order through Quill website, paid with my credit card, received the goodies the next day but also got an invoice a day later stating on black and white that I owed Quill $188.23. Upset, I called their Customer Service.
There are men on the beach. Some of them will be on bikes, some of them will have dogs. However, I never said any of this.
- Belgium is the only country that has never imposed censorship on adult films.
To realize that karma and reincarnation is real. Too many people are not resolving their karmic challenges because they don’t realize what is going on. When you have the opportunity to resolve your karma but you turn away or react negatively, it gets tougher. So why wait? By working on your karma now, you progress faster and the karma is easier to handle. It is the hope that the reader will learn how to better use the gift of free will to make better choices that are in harmony with their divine purpose.
With a new school year started, time has been slipping away. Along with our typical homeschooling at home, we also are part of a homeschool co-op where parents take turns teaching classes, as well as a Girl Scout troop (with girls from Kindergarten through high school). My projects have taken a back seat, but it's time to get them finished, so I've been busy this week getting everything to the point of quilting.
"Well done, good and faithful servant."
just for an hour, or thirty minutes
Seriously? Is it really too hard to keep track of?
Hi Baby,
The under-mentioned definitions regarding surrogacy have been summarized from The Reproductive Revolution (Singer, P., and Wells, D. Oxford: Oxford University Press 1984).
By contrast, Gordon Brown spent just £4,471 refurbishing his own kitchen in Fife, including its Seville cream wall tiles, in 2005. Mr Brown's claims include bills for £1,396 for redecoration as well as the £33-a-month cost of his Sky TV connection.
Then I was out…
Arriving at the doctor’s office about 2 minutes prior to my appointment I found the parking lot jam-packed so after circling a time or two parked about a half mile away and sprinted across the lot. At the elevator I found myself behind a lovely little elderly lady and her husband who were inching, and I do mean inching their way with their walkers through the door of the elevator I needed to access. Truly I have seen grass grow at a faster rate of speed. Trying to locate my patience I held the door and offered a smile, and then crocheted an afghan and made out my Christmas list until the elevator door finally closed.
Ora la band californiana ritorna con un nuovo album, The Tarnished Gold su Sub Pop, e mentre i numi tutelari restano ovviamente gli stessi (Gram Parsons, Gene Clark, Neil Young...), le parole di Brent Rademaker che lo presentano suonano ancora più temprate: "We actually lived this. For a lot of years now, we’ve represented this part of the country, this town and music in this town. We’ve been through a lot of struggle in terms of money, music and the lifestyle, and I think The Tarnished Gold really gets into all that—the meaning is right there in the title. On top of that, we can relate our plight to the plight of the country; it all ties together.”
had a great time with this collection. Each of the designer papers & embellishments
*Read at least 4 books this year. I know this is pitiful...
I can count on 1 hand the amount of times I would consider myself to be "drunk".
I'm thinking this needs sashing and cornerstones (the border I have picked out is green, aqua and white tartanish - should have included it in the photo but not sure if it'll be the one)
Just because Ella can burn someone to the ground with her mind doesn't mean she should.
Although gay men and lesbians have broken many electoral barriers — serving as mayors, state legislators and members of Congress — the same is not true of the transgender community. Only a few, including a Democratic district leader in Westchester County and a former member of the Hawaii Board of Education, have been elected to office around the country.
Oh the woes of the teenage life!
The teams will need to set the car up to work over a wide range of ride heights, this will mean compromises somewhere, making the car better at high or low ride.
was taken on one of my trips to New Hope, Va... God's Country!
1 immobile
* 1/2 tsp onion or garlic powder
I hope to have this finished this weekend, but who knows!?
With Vore, the more we want to do, the more expensive it gets.We’ve invested thousands of dollars of our own money into Vore, and everything the band earns goes back into the band. It’s not cheap.
(Aug. 12) — On the same day the White House declared that the U.S. pullout plan from Iraq is “on target,” Iraq’s top army general took to a podium in Baghdad to announce that Iraqi forces are nowhere near being able to secure their country once American soldiers pull out next year.
Let's make this self publishing experiment a success story!!!!
Once again I’m left wide-eyed. The accessibility of art in this city is dazzling – sometimes at zero cost to the public. I’ve already written about a stunning Picasso exhibition at the Gagosian art gallery in Chelsea last year; right now it’s an eye-popping collection of Monet’s paintings of his garden in Giverny, France.
Additional plaintiffs’ counsel Nicholas M. Moccia commented: “Having been in the trenches of the bank crisis for years, I always knew that the misconduct was being conducted by a network. When I started litigating against banks, however, I could have never imagined that it would be this extensive. I look forward to taking discovery of these thousands of obscure foreign entities and to obtaining for homeowners their constitutionally entitled injuries for this international ring of theft and deception.”
And so, here is my counterpoint to Bill Simmons and his reasons not to have kids: Raising children is the most intense and personal DIY project you can ever imagine. Each child is different, and you have to figure out a tremendous amount of stuff to make your parenting work. But, in the process, you can develop a relationship with this person unlike any other. You can also come to understand much more clearly why people are who they are and how they come to do the things that they do.
See, instead of just talking about where you characters come from, you get to play an individual prologue with all the characters, showing you their back-story; how the main character was exiled from his town, how leading female is a priestess who heard the voice of the deities, and how the final character is a treasure hunter who just got dragged into everything.When compared to some of the ridiculous backstories which get drip fed to people, this feature is something which I used more games would use. It’s such a cool feature, getting to play the backstory.
If I had more room/money, I'd definitely invest in one of their gorgeous hand-carved feathers. Check out these other beautiful items available on their website:
The AL and NL have been eliminating their differences for years. They started to play each other in interleague play. They started using the same umpires. Players started going more freely from one league to another. Next year, inter league play will go on all year, and so will become even less special. I'm not saying these are good or bad trends, they just are trends. And so the leagues have mostly lost their identities, baseball in many ways has merged into one 30-team league.
Cut the brik sheets into ribbons/strips of at least 20 cm long and 10 cm large . Detach them from each other. Brush them with melted butter as you go.
Imagine 20,000 soldiers marching north on Rt. 355, with 2,000 mounted cavalry racing up the road toward Clarksburg. Picture 5,000 men camped along Brink Road between Seneca Creek and Goshen Road with cannons placed on the high ground above the creek. This is just what you would have seen if you had been in Germantown from Sept. 6 through Sept. 10, 1862.
Wow, you’re right, I haven’t written about them! I actually just put all of the Stargate shows in my Netflix queue the other day so I could revisit them. I’ll try to write a whole post about it soon. But the short answer is that I loved SG-1. I watched Atlantis in waves (har har) and that’s why I’m planning to go back and watch it from start to finish. I need to catch up on Universe and I’ve watched Warehouse 13 only sporadically. I wish I could skip sleeping because I always have so much going on, it’s really hard to fit everything in.
Susceptible to premonitions, Lucy describes in one of the documents how she had remarked to her secretary during the afternoon: “It is so awfully cold that we might be passing icebergs.” After a “very merry” dinner, she describes going to bed prepared, as usual, for any eventuality – wearing a pink Japanese padded dressing gown and stockings, with her red curls tied up in a blue chiffon scarf. Half an hour after she retired, she heard a terrific rumbling noise.
All in all I’m glad that I’ve chosen journalism. While I know I have more to learn I’m up for the challenge (even if there is a rumor that in one of the journalism electives waits a 100 page research paper). I don’t know what my exact detail I want to be yet but it could be anything. I could do something like a newscaster. I could be a sportscaster either locally or on sports center. I could be a radio personality (presumably sports of course). I could be a paid writer for a website or blog on numerous things such as sports (I bet you see a pattern) or just general news. Or I could start my own website dedicated to writings and such (yes sports). I actually like the last one but that would only happen if I didn’t make it big as a newscaster or a feature writer for a newspaper. I think surprisingly what I’d most enjoy about it is I’d be a version of those corporate sharks that take young rising talent away from small firms much like top-tier soccer teams do from smaller clubs. I have it in vision already, I’d bring in someone experienced who wants to be a leader and mentor and then I’d take in the best sports writers coming out of colleges across the country and make a new young super team in the sports writing world (well I do have my limits though, I do have certain colleges I loath like Duke and Notre Dame and Alabama which I’d yes be discriminatory against and not except. But honestly, its a sports writing website, I don’t want to pay the enemy bashing my teams potentially).
And i will send to you soon.
Ground Beef? I know right where that is.
-Fill a 5 gallon bucket half full of hot tap water. Add melted soap, washing soda and Borax. Stir well until all powder is dissolved. Fill bucket to top with more hot water. Stir, cover and let sit overnight to thicken.
The adjoining kitchen has a similar blue rectangle tile. The remainder of the house has oak hardwoods. Our family room is the most used room in the house, so the flooring needs to be durable and easily to clean. Right now, I'm leaning toward cork. From what I understand, it is easy to install and can live up to my hard-wearing family.
I don't know what to do with this blog. I don't want to pretend to be happy all the time, and I don't want to turn people off with negativity. I don't know how to balance the two extremes right now.
and brighter with the untapped energy
- karen dalton - 1966 - delmore recordings - 2012 (lp)
76. Buy/wear matching underwear
Next time, some of the more obscure pictures at Noir City X, including Alan Ladd’s turn in The Great Gatsby and a reteaming of Peter Lorre, Sydney Greenstreet and another troublesome idol. Slowly but surely, I’m catching up!
The other book that I bought from Shakespeare and Company was The Secret Life of France by Lucy Wadham. Wadham, a British woman just a bit older than me, marries a Parisian and attempts to immerse herself in French family and culture . . . which is a very different thing to just admiring and appreciating the abridged tourist version of things. It's a strange measure of how long I've lived in England, now, but I felt a strong identification with Wadham's point-of-view.
Can we be friends?
Hope everyone has a great weekend! And don't forget to share your weekend plans and projects on our facebook page for a chance to be featured on Stephanie @ Home!
No oil used. Really good as is or put it next to vegetables, rice, eating it with a dip or mayo or something would be good, too.
The necklace is the only thing that breaks the combo, but ohmygod just look at it!♥♥♥
But the elves, in their moment of glory, suddenly abandon the field of victory and sail off forever. In The Lord of the Rings, the noble elves, having accomplished their mission of aiding the West to defeat Mordor, graciously depart, knowing that the future belongs to men.
Coming to see what the fuss was all about, my mother overheard me on the phone.
I’m inclined to say that it’s simply a matter of quality. The Scottsboro Boys was a brilliant show. At once devastating and hopeful, it was about how far we have (and haven’t) come as a nation and our collective history of racial intolerance. I believe that. But I also question my response since I’m, y’know…really white.
"They're brought into being by sheer force of will," the woman on the arm of the chair interjects. "Didn't you know that, Tobias?" (p. 409)
The attendant replied, "I'm sorry, sir. I'll be happy to try to help you, but I've got to help these people first and I'm sure we'll be able to work something out."
Yes. Follow your doctor’s advice about checkups, about healthy lifestyle choices and about medicines that prevent health problems, such as blood pressure medicine. Preventive services are sometimes offered in your community (for example, blood pressure tests at the local shopping center). If you’re not sure you need the service being offered, ask your doctor.
If he signs for Celtic, it will undoubtedly be the biggest transfer of his career.
Summer "City Girls" Collection
Yesterday happened to be one of those days and while I was listening and driving I heard about one of his projects called Intelligent Kindness. What a great web site! It's a social community of people sharing methods and experiences of how they use their time to spread kindness, to make change, to give of themselves to make the lives of others better.
In her eyes.
Here a few ablum sleeves.
PRAYER: O Lord, the words and images of Psalm 126 touch our hearts. We too need you to restore our fortunes, like streams in the desert. We need the living water of your Spirit to refresh our parched souls.
Maybe I could dig around on the web for a site where folks can post jobs free and place my own listing in search of some sort of help. My two previous “interns” actually found me. I was kinda flattered by that but in retrospect can see neither was really the right fit. Despite the New York Time’s Verne G. Kopytoff reporting that blogs have lost their allure, I’m still finding there’s plenty of money, fun and adventure to be squeezed out mine for some time to come. My stats are on a steady climb, I’ve got tons of great ideas (just not enough time) and I see a general trend toward blogs and other digital media being taken a lot more seriously (at least that seems to be the case with me). Anybody out there wanna lend a helping hand and be part of the tikichris experience?
So I was planning on just telling you that I have to take some time off to regain my humor, but then I remembered that today is Ash Wednesday! So I can pretend to be serious for a minute. This is now a no-funny zone. (unlikely...)
12For if you go back, joining yourselves to the rest of these nations who are still among you, getting married to them and living with them and they with you:
Like the Communist revolutionaries and Frankfurt school plotters who came before them, the malevolent old men who came of age in the 1960's and 1970's and who rule us now, remain fixated with changing the world, and my God they have done so, although not for the better. Our betterment never was their plan. They have brought change in the form only of destruction, and that was, and remains, the whole point. What should replace that which they destroy is less relevant to them, in fact I doubt they even care, they remain obsessed with their all consuming hatred of the once great and powerful West, and that leaves little room for anything else.
The BNP exists to give the British people that choice, and thus to restore and defend the basic democratic rights we have all been denied. We favour more democracy, not less, at national, regional and local levels.
Then, with a V09 I added my fading dark sky. I sprayed in long even strokes across the horizon of the pumpkin. I did a light layer first then I came back with the same color and added a few more layers at the top to darken it up.
We would like to see your Lacey, Purple creations. This can be lace or faux lace made using border punches. and any shade of purple is fine. You can also use other colours but please make purple the standout.
Bronze: Samuel Adams Honey Porter, Boston Beer Co., Boston, MA
I had a huge forehead-slapping moment when I went into the garage and saw the colorful dollar store buckets in which I had grown the broccoli and strawberries! Won't you join me with a round of DUH!!!! They already had holes in the bottoms and everything. All I had to do was put them in place and fill them up.
26And Joshua put these words on record, writing them in the book of the law of God; and he took a great stone, and put it up there under the oak-tree which was in the holy place of the Lord.
. . . As the legislative history clarifies, to decide whether a reference that was previously considered by the PTO creates a substantial new question of patentability, the PTO should evaluate the context in which the reference was previously considered and the scope of the prior consideration and determine whether the reference is now being considered for a substantially different purpose. See H.R. Rep. No. 107-120, at 3 ("The appropriate test to determine whether a ‘substantial new question of patentability’ exists should not merely look at the number of references or whether they were previously considered or cited but their combination in the appropriate context of a new light as it bears on the question of the validity of the patent."); see also 147 Cong. Rec. H5359 (statement of Rep. Berman) ("Ideally, a reexamination could be requested based on prior art cited by an applicant that the examiner failed to adequately consider . . . .").
(Or maybe take a more active role. Follow and even support groups like OneIowa and Lambda Legal, or hell, most Democrats, who are as clearly and as vocally supporting equal gay rights as the conservatives and the GOP are fighting to take away as many of those rights as possible. )
EG2 - day 148 - 152
if you do not already have friends who like to play computer games, then scanning through gaming forums on the internet is another way to get good and cheap deals for used laptop. Internet makes it easy for you to do this. Go to google.com and start searching for gaming forums. Visit each and everyone and see if they have a Trading Section. You will definitely find many posts from gamers looking to sell their gaming laptops.
Bill Asks Ben.
Story from KATU.com combined with the email version: Art Lacey's daughter, Punky Scott, knows the story of her father's wild B-17 adventure well and recently sat down with KATU News to tell the famous tale. She said it all started at a party where her father, a local businessman, bragged that he was going to put a B-17 on top of his gas station.
First up, we have the fighter... Horace. Yup, I named a character Horace, and I'm fairly certain I took the name from the Monster Squad. Which would date this character to 1987. I can't say I remember much about him, he was made at a time when I went through alot of characters.
heat, stirring constantly until dark roux (not burnt) forms. Add onions,
Musée Picasso
18. Go cabrewing with friends (canoeing with lots of beer): See #15.
I know that really, every parent just wants a healthy baby, and whether it’s a boy or a girl is of little consequence. I wonder though – if you really want a boy and it turns out to be a girl, is there more potential for (slight) disappointment in an ultrasound situation, as opposed to a delivery room reveal?
It's a new week, and I hope you are all feeling good to go, ready for new things :)
Ahh, those visuals are something else, aren’t they?
“You’re really hot aren’t you?” I ignored him, all my attention was focused on the girl I was looking at. How was it possible that I hadn’t noticed her all this time? As if on cue, Salman decided to let us go on break.
I smiled slyly. “There isn’t,” I said.
Felicity smiled, as much at his use of her shortened name as anything else. After a pause she said, ‘So…’ expecting some new marvel.
Race Record: Starts: 16; Wins: 2; 2nd: 6; 3rd: 1; Win & Place Prize Money: £81,024
Now that I had paid for my trip in full, everything was all set for my adventure to Haiti. As the day came closer, I began getting more and more nervous. I spent as much time with friends and family as possible, because I had no clue as to what would happen during my time in Haiti. I had never flown before, I had never been away from home for that long before, and I did not know all of the people in my group.
If you have any further questions, please feel free to ask.
Colourful and Colonial Style Architecture
What makes Grandin's observations more substantial than many others is the fact that she did stay in one place for so long. In her ten months here, she stayed in boarding houses and residential hotels; visited schools (as a teacher, a particular interest of hers), stockyards and department stores; and made friends with fellow boarders and the social élite alike (she gave French lessons to Bertha Palmer, chair of the Expositions Board of Lady Managers).
This came to me as a total shock, because the prerequisite to feeling disgust is a sense of superiority towards the object of your disgust... And we had long ago defined our intellectual hierarchy. He was breaching all protocol.
Will he have Andrew's feet? My eyes? Will he be healthy?
Keep them well-combed out! Once every two days I take my wig comb and comb out all of my extensions until they are soft to the touch. If you don't comb them often, they can tangle and be even more of a pain to comb out.
But if no such repayment is made then foreclosure, transfer of equitable ownership of the security to NAMA, is the only alternative and our esteemed purchaser, may flake away as intended.
“Yeah,” I said, dumbfounded. “Of course.”
3. The Boy in the Bubble 4:33
Bachelor #2 isn’t even worth a blog post. I went on two dates with him and got the Awkward Hug at the end of each date. I knew he really liked me (he was already talking about introducing me to his kids) and I thought he was a really sweet guy. But he didn’t even have the balls to go in for the goodnight kiss, and I could tell he wanted to. As my friend Linsey said matter-of-factly, “He isn’t man enough for you.” Indeed.
Of course, Mr, Bittman, I quickly discovered, as always, this was a technique to quench the travel bug that hits us all the time. From nowhere and then vanishes into nowhere leaving us feeling hungry and a tad sad... Of course with Tortillitas, there is a solution to this bug. One can make this as Spanish, as Indian, as anywhere in the world the mind wants to wander or wonder about.
To the victims, I’m very sorry for everything that happened. I am not the malicious person that you think I am. I was real stupid back then. I made a great many mistakes. What happened was wrong. I was a kid in a grown man’s world. I messed up, and I can’t take it back. I wasn’t old enough to understand. Please don’t carry around that hurt in your heart. You have got to find a way to get rid of the hate. Trust me, killing me is not going to give you closure. I hope you find closure. Don’t let that hate eat you up, find a way to get past it.
5. I have dyscalculia. I had no idea that is what it was when I was school I always just felt stupid and let that get to me with academics in general but now I know that I wasn't stupid after all and I wish I didn't let it affect me the way it did (and still does) Claire is pretty good with math and knows her left and rights better then me (yes, I still mix those up way more then a 28 yr old should.) I think she will be OK. Emily concerns me though, just because she is so much more like me.
other member of the family; it’s something he never seemed to have and
You just thank the Lord (people get ready)
Pathetic!
I’ll never forget the evening I went to Grandpa’s house and a dozen of us were sitting around the dining room table. Usually, we ate in the living room, where Grandpa lived.
Despite a general tightening in mortgage standards, loans are still available and banks remain eager to lend.
4. Under the Blacklight - Rilo Kiley
I will say we did miss our girls. We arrived home late last night and all I could think about on the drive home was sqeezing little Avery Kate and holding my sweet Anna. We're home, and it's great to be together again. Togetherness though, will take on a whole new meaning tomorrow as we head to the Outer Banks in North Carolina to spend some time by the ocean, play in the sand, and love on these little ones just a bit more while summer is still with us.
In addition, and contrary to concerns raised by both Red Bull and the European Commission, the ECJ dismissed the idea that its decision would permit the customer of an SCP to circumvent the protection offered to the proprietor under the Trade Marks Directive by dividing the production process and awarding different elements of the process to different SCPs to escape liability, as those services may still be attributed to the customer who could remain liable under the Directive.
I think I'll start a few pots to use inside this summer...they look so pretty on a shelf or mantel, with their long little runners hanging off the side.
Related to street photography denotations are the more objective elements of a content that is there for everyone to see and agree on. Connotations could be described as the psychological impressions that comes along. Often more subjective than what is denoted.
Some of us seem more jacked in than others. Turn your television on for five minutes. See what the news entails nowadays. Find out what is happening via Twitter. Learn of a subject by Stumbling upon it. Keep up with friends via Facebook, but heaven forbid they call you and have you over for tea one afternoon. Forget about a beer on Friday evening. Use wikipedia. Look up that word date. It’s a great place to start…
I would be honest early so that she has enough time to find a babysitter. If you don’t feel comfortable saying that the wedding isn’t really appropriate for children, due to the menu, time and other factors, you can phrase it in a way that sounds like you’re thinking of her and her spouse.
State officials have asked hospitals to vaccinate every adult who goes home with a new baby, and urged businesses to encourage their employees to get the adult booster shot. Washington already requires a booster shot for middle- and high-school students.
I made the dough in about 10 mins on Thursday night in the Kitchen Aid, then shaped the buns & left them to rise on Friday morning while I wandered into the village to pick up my coffee. By the time I got back they were ready for the crosses and into the oven. 15 minutes later fresh hot buns, and a rather heavenly smelling kitchen.
we will find joy in the journey.
said that he’d threaten any potential suitor with a shotgun
Like a lot of NYC apartment dwellers I don’t put full screens over top of my windows. I go down to the hardware store and buy these 15-inch tall screens that adjust to the window width. The idea being that you’ll screen out most of the flying crap when your windows are open. But not all of it, because there’s a gap between the plane of the window and the plane of the screen, a one-inch gap that a determined mosquito can fly down into quite easily. And they do. And they come into my joint and hurt me. It sucks. I think they must breed in the clogged gutter just above my ceiling (I’m on the top floor of an old four-story building).
He: Thirty years ago, I would have been. Not now. I'm an old married
