So, while there's nothing terribly exciting to update you all on, I'm still thrilled to report that he is just as cute, sweet, and hilarious as ever. Being his mom just keeps getting better every single day!
Barn in Jaffrey, watercolor copyrighted 2012 6x6
After the pronouncement of husband and wife, Jillian and Brent had a fun surprise for the crowd. “At the end of our ceremony—Brent has always been a long time Indiana Jones fan—so we played the theme music as we made our way down the aisle together on our new adventure as newlyweds,” says Jillian.
Here....there are palm trees. I don't know why this freaks me out so much, but it does. The sky feels bigger. The roads are bigger. "Little" main roads in our town are THREE LANES WIDE in each direction. My entire town seems to be row after row of builder-grade stucco kinda-Mediterranean style homes and apartment complexes.
I rock back and forth, trying to remain in control. I smother my ears with the sheet. Press my forehead against my knees. Pound my heels into the floor, bracing myself for what comes next.
I asked him why, and he said
This high quality bowl is called owan (pronounced ‘oh-whan’) in Japan where it is used to serve Japanese style soup such as miso shiru. Older Owan will normally include a lid which rests within the lip of the bowl and which helps keep the soup warm, though modern bowls may be lidless. Modern owan are also usually made of plastic while vintage bowls were typically formed from blocks of wood shaped to produce individual bowl and lid sections. The process of creating such a bowl from wood required the talents of one or more highly skilled artisans as well as a considerable investment in time. Since the walls of the bowl as well as the lid are very thin it was therefore necessary to carefully dry the wood after each significant cut was made in order to prevent cracking. The rough cut blocks would typically need to dry for an entire year before being shaped, and when the bowl’s final form was achieved another year of drying may be needed before the lacquer finish could be applied. The lacquer work would then require time to complete as multiple coats may be applied and each coat must dry completely before proceeding. Still more time was required if the bowl was to be decorated by a maki-e lacquer artist who would painstakingly paint detailed scenes of beauty upon the bowl, often including auspicious symbols such as pine boughs, the images of luck gods or perhaps the profile of Mt. Fuji rising above swirling clouds. With some workshops as many as five years would be needed to complete the entire process. The bowls were often produced as a set and may have included a custom wooden storage box. Such boxes may include Japanese writing on the outside indicating the name of the owner and possibly the date of manufacture.
Do we have some hints of racism in this particular episode with the portrayal of Kemel? Granted, this story takes place in 1866 and it may be possible to dismiss it, somewhat, as attempting to be accurate to attitudes of the period, but in the very next story we have a similar portrayal with Toberman. It’s a shame if it is true, but these episodes were produced in the 1960s, and they will reflect 60s ideas, both good and bad.
15/08 11:40 M 100 Metres Heats
Yes Virginia, there is a Santa Claus.
I watched last night’s Biggest Loser episode tonight. Natalie Cook (Olympic gold medallist for Beach Volleyball – about to head to her 5th Olympic Games) was a guest trainer for Kasey. Natalie got Kasey to realise that fit and healthy people don’t just eat fit and train fit, they think fit! Think fit, eat fit and train fit.
1 green pepper, diced
“Where?” He asked. I just shrugged and responded,
“Sure, no problem. What do you want me to do?”
A man has been arrested after a handbag and shoes were apparently taken from a woman left decapitated in a horrifying traffic accident.
Tribal Youth Program - Develop new demonstration projects on violence prevention and rehabilitation
5. Now add the cooked masoor dal and bring this to a boil by mixing everything in the pan.
Between the US Senate and House of Representatives, the median net worth for a member of Congress is around $913,000, reports The New York Times. That man in the middle is Ed Pastor (Dem-AZ), and although he makes a pretty penny nowadays, his income today is gigantic when gauged with what he was worth when he first came to Washington. Twenty years earlier, Pastor pulled in enough to have only $100,000 saved up, a figure he has magnified nearly tenfold in the two decades since.
“Here’s a bunch of numbers you’ve never heard of. I’m not going to tell you what they are or explain why they mean I disagree with you, I’m just going to throw a wall of statistics at you and make you feel like you’re really stupid.”
on our lips.
I graduated high school in the summer of last year and I decided to take a year off. Well, I planned on taking some time off, but you know how these things go, it ended up being a year. I was just so sick and tired of having to deal with people who were completely and utterly not worth my time. Walking down a hall full of people you despise is not exactly the best way to spend most of your years. All that time I spent after high school, I made peace with the fact that I’m just gonna have to deal with the fact that we all share our world with a bunch of twats and I know that the entire human population isn’t the same.
Just on the bit where your chin goes in.
If you believe in God and that he cares about us and guides us in our everyday lives, do you *really* think that God cares more about this one person in football than the faithful who have cancer or are homeless?
this one's an oldy but a goody :)
Near the neighbor’s property the wind has brought a smattering of columbine that come up every spring through the leaf mulch, fighting against the neverending tide of honeysuckle and bittersweet. The complexity of the columbine bloom is clear, in my mind, evidence of a higher power with a wealthy creative spirit at work. (Perhaps this bloom would work nicely as a Fascinator for the drunken critter under the Mayapple. Princess Eugenie: eat your heart out.)
Christina Rossetti
I think the important part of my story is the realization that it is never too late to cut toxic people from your life. It is never too late to try and make a better life for yourself and your family. My daughter doesn't need people who treated me poorly in her life. It isn't her job to help them win some kind of grandparents of the year award. She's not part of their game. My dad treats people he believes to be inferior to him with open disdain, and is generally impatient and negative. That attitude rubbed off on me growing up, and I work every day to fight it. I want my daughter to know that everyone deserves to be treated with dignity and respect.
But if a neighbor doesn’t want to leave, he turns himself into the human shield of the terrorist. He has become part of the war. And I’m sorry, but I may have to harm him when I try to stop the terrorist. I’ll do my best not to. But it may be that in the absence of all other alternatives, I may hurt him. I certainly don’t see a good reason to endanger the lives of soldiers in a case like that.
12 think
Crocker introduced motorcycle design innovations that set his V-twin ahead of the Harleys and Indians of the mid 30′s and 40′s. The transmission could withstand incredible amounts of torque. This beautifully engineered three speed transmission coupled with a unique proprietary engine of Crocker’s own design laid shame to anything that dared cross its path. Featuring overhead valves, Crocker’s engine was released to the public months ahead of Harley’s venerable “Knuckle Head” with more than enough horsepower to keep it ahead of the Harley crowd. The Crocker’s zero to sixty mph first gear score murdered all competition. The hemi head equipped stock machines peaked at 60hp propelling the factory produced, stock bikes, to speeds in excess of 110 mph. Even hopped up bikes couldn’t come close.
Humbled I head towards another week of kitchen hit'n'miss. If all else fails we'll dig out the baked beans and bulk buy the fish fingers; at least that is two major food groups covered. And now in playgroup I can smile in empathy with the other mums who suffer the whims of toddler appetites; so much easier on the facial muscles. I could probably cut back on the anti-wrinkle cream thanks to this; ah a silver lining.
For the record, we already had leftover cooked rice, so we simply reheated it, added some baby spinach and half the coconut milk with a little salt and pepper.
Rocky II is still a good movie if judged by itself, but not nearly as good as the original. The story is still enjoyable for men, but lacks any kind of love story like in the first one to draw in lady folk that might be interested in that. It’s still a great underdog story, but suffers from being a little too familiar to the first movie. Still worth watching and probably worth owning. Rocky II gets “Yo, Adrian! I did it!” out of “Derogatory? Yeah, he’s great.”
The music industry has screwed over many a fine band for the last couple of decades, but in the case of late-90's power pop/alternative mega-act Veяtical Hoяizon it was downright pathetic. Despite 1999's Everything You Want going double platinum, RCA Records ended up restructuring and lost these guys in the shuffle, pushing the band into uncharted independent territory...
I’ve purchased….5 or so songs off Amazon MP3, and it is definitely something I’d advise others to use.
Quick fire with three kicked off chefs...and crawfish. Please, please don't come back Leah. Seriously.
- That God is NOT doing something in the world
I learned how to do back walk overs and back handsprings.
Identity issues may manifest in a variety of different ways. For example, some people with normal genitals and secondary sex characteristics of one gender privately identify more with the other gender. Some may cross-dress, and some may actually seek sex-change surgery. Others are born with ambiguous genitalia, which can raise identity issues.
“You’re not a… Why are you here, then? What ARE you?”
﻿To be in with a chance to win this week's fab prize all you need to do is leave a comment for one or more of the entries this week and let them know you saw their creation on Make It Monday. The more entries you comment on the more chances you have of winning!
Psht. Story of my life.
That is the last image of the white house imprinted in my memory.
How serious are Missouri Republicans if they continue to give up state sovereignty as to what is taught in our schools and hand it over to the United Nations? It's happening.
More to come... have to start small right!
Tissue please.
Not Ireland. Not Greece. Not Portugal. Not Spain........
These books have much in common; a lot of generalities and lack of specifics. Here are some of the main differences that supposedly separate them.
Title:Good Bait
I found the whole story at the dating agency was really entertaining, and I enjoyed reading about Amy's matches, both good and bad as the book went on. You could sort of anticipate whether it'd be a good date for Amy or not by the lead up and way the person was discussed, but that didn't spoil my enjoyment of the book. I had a bit of a soft spot for Christopher, the owner of the dating agency, Amy just pretty much ignored him aside from when he was useful to her and I felt sorry for him as I could read between the lines a bit. Amy herself was a fun character, I do have to question her morals a bit because a few of the things she did in the book I found a bit questionable and seemed out of the blue, but in her more normal moments, Amy was great. I can't confess to knowing a great deal more about star signs and compataiblity now I've read the book, but there is enough in there about to keep you going as you read, and it's fun to read about astrology as the book goes on too.
With the color lock system, my manicures consistently last for a full seven days with minimal chipping. And that chipping is usually due to me playing with the dogs, or hiking, or using my nail to peel a sticker off of something. I know, I shouldn't use my nails as tools. But sometimes I do.
As street lamps pour orange colored shapes through your window,
Can’t wait to start the renovation and all!
“I don’t have enough fingers and toes to count,” he says. “But they are going to be jealous of (Haley).”
1994 HARD DRIVE (editorial supervisor)
A seeker asked me whether she was a threat to the Dark Masters, which explains the latter’s manifestations before her in visions. I told her that it is merely routine, that no one among us down here who are in the Path is considered threat to the Dark Beings. It is simply routinary to see them.
Read an article/interview with Stanley Donwood today. I have been a fan of his work, ever since the OK Computer sleeve work, which was the first time I think I saw his work. He has continued to make interesting art work for Radiohead albums, such as Hail to the Thief and In Rainbows. His book Dead Children Playing is full of melancholy and dystopian imagery, which are at the same time intriguing and attractive. The textural qualities engage and interest me as an artist, with their layering of paint and collage, and the use of text and image. The pre-occupation with a fragmented and confusing modern life relate to my own feelings and concerns. Visit his website here.
Research has shown the need for a balance of nutrients in the body for optimal function. In the brain the major fuels are glucose and oxygen, it consumes 20% of the body’s oxygen and 25% of its glucose, yet the brain makes up only 2% of our body’s weight. If we have too little or too much of glucose, changes in our levels of consciousness occur. Lack of oxygen=brain death in as little as 6 minutes.
Taking keys from her own old piano or keys given to her by others or that she purchases her process begins of cleaning, prepping, sanding, etching and coloring to create vivid colorful bookmarks such as these.
After the game we piled in the Chevy Impala and traveled I-75 north toward our home in the suburb. I distinctly recall looking out of the windows and asking my parents, “Why are there so many people standing along the highway looking down?” We continued to look, “Is something on fire? Where is the smoke coming from?” To be honest, mom and dad didn’t think much of it.
Obviously 2 very different styles of beer, but at the end of the day its still malts, water and hops.
Close-up of the image.
According to the Association of Chief Police Officers, metal theft is estimated to cost the UK economy £770m every year.
Secondly, while each scenario has some interesting wrinkles with secret plots and characters, that I shall not divulge here, the NPC rules in WHAA really are geared towards fighting, which is after all what the game is about. I could play out the various NPC plots using something like the excellent Mythic RPG rules, however I really just wanted to get on with the battle. So various sub plots, most notably that of the druid Ferndale Snart, have been dropped.
Splitcoast Stampers has a Featured Stamper, and this time it's none other then Julie Korber, from Flourishes!! SCS is asking us to pick a card from her Gallery and CAS it, as a fun challenge. I really, really had a hard time deciding on what card to CAS! She has some super talent, and some of her cards gave me some great inspiration :)
Now News Corp appears to be getting closer to charging for content online, with The Australian reporting on Monday that their top execs met in New York to discuss the plan behind closed doors. That’s a cute metaphor for the paywall Murdoch seems intent on delivering, but if you’d like something more direct, have a look at the project’s name: Alesia.
So, I am now getting hospital bills rolling in from the whole mystery bruise/skin cancer experience in January...and it looks like our responsibility after insurance pays will be about $5,000 (we have a $5,000 deductible per person--don't get me started on that. Right before I was diagnosed, we had looked into paying for private insurance, but after doing the math, we'd end up paying about the same out of pocket with the monthly payments that would go along with a private plan that covers what we'd need, and I'm not even sure that I could find a private company that would insure me anymore).
8 oz can crushed pineapple, with juice
Morello: What’s wrong with him?
Stuart
Tina Majorino (Andre)
After three years of very little pay but amazing skills now under my belt, I went on to technical writing. This type of writing could be boring at times but provided me with new opportunities and many new and lasting relationships.
- shape into a large cirle and cover agian
I first came to know about Umamicatessen through BBC’s travel section. It’s a new concept of restaurant/deli/bar all under one industrial open space. What I was excited about was the Bourbon pig – a cocktail with a garnish of fried pig ears!
Stay tuned for more!!
Check-in, breakfast and team photos will take place from beginning at 8 a.m. before the shotgun scramble start at 10 a.m. Each golfing foursome will be escorted through the majestic Cascata Golf Course by a private caddie. Upon completion of 18 holes, golfers will be treated with a gourmet lunch and awards program. The winning team will be invited to compete in the 72-hold Liberty Mutual Invitational National Finals to be held in March 2012 at Pinehurst Resort in North Carolina.
My temper flares. “Why do you think I was taking pictures of my boobs, jack ass?”
This is the story of six bold young human beings in search of adventure. The story of six youngsters who gathered to form a band and push humour to new heights. The rest.....is history. And this is how it starts:
Malika Zarrar: It’s permitted. Anything is permitted except undergoing surgery.
Do you have plans for National Scrapbook Day this Saturday?
In terms of business and profitability, I have to agree with Dana. Las Vegas offers plenty of hotel space and other activities outside of the fight itself for fans who will be making a long trip.
On the other side you become absorbed into other beings, you become the other, the key is continuous transformation
Another example of this may be found in how they treat some passages in the Catechism of the Council of Trent. Here's what a leading neo-geo has to say about it:
My head started to spin. Apertures that you put by hand (instead of pressing a button) into a “device” that I personally think is a lens! How much cooler can it get?
Leave a comment on their blogs and let them know that they are nominated for this cute award!
We who supposedly give a rat's ass are increasingly being driven to the refugee centers of Facebook and twitter where we click infinitely on articles and videos - be it the twisted literature of our times, the anthems of the Beghairat Brigade and Laal Band, stories of Syria, Egypt, Palestine, reports by Amy Goodman, Obamacare, and issues of Granta with cheeky covers - giant chat rooms with multiple portals, but because you can exercise political discretion, a bit more respectable. A different discourse plays out on Geo, Sama, Ary, Express and other local TV news channels. Without politics or even coherence and logic, the talk show hosts delve into the real life issue of real life people with a raw and voyeuristic edge. The interview of a man who lost his 27 year old son in a shooting. He says ruefully, "My son was an angel." Talat Hussain, dramatically, in a long black coat, leads viewers through the illegally blockaded streets in diplomatic enclaves in Islamabad. Here, a minimum wage guard was crushed to death when one such slab became dislodged and fell on him as he slumbered. Important stuff, but the tone is so garish, you feeling like switching off.
In such surroundings-occasional as our visits may be -we can acheive that kind of physical and spiritual renewal that comes alone from the wonder of the natural world.
7. Immediately recognizable as Nevermore, off of their 'In Memory' EP. After 'Politics of Ecstasy', easily their best work. Not the best song in there though. The song's called "Matricide", I know the lyric. It's a weird composition, Loomis and company hadn't gotten a handle on how exactly to write coherently. The changes are awkward, it's even got an embarrassing kind of 'rock' vibe to it. And the vocal line on top is just bizarre. Dane had a big problem with finding suitable vocal lines for Loomis' songs since the beginning and it really didn't get better with time. He's ultimately a lyrical vocalist, best suited for music that behaves, harmonically (hi, Sanctuary!). The nightmarish industrialized metal that Loomis would get involved with didn't leave much space for someone with Dane's talents. Mr. Tate from Queensryche would have found something smart to sing over this stuff.
A long, long time ago... um. Blah blah blah. Doo do doooo...
Life has taken some interesting twists and turns over the last six months. So I'm trying to adopt a when life gives you lemons, make lemonade attitude.
08-Cut Your Head
Trust me, getting a perfect score in your least favorite subject when you least expect it is the greatest feeling of all. Very well, Math, I think I might give you another chance.
Fatal Attraction – I recently re-watched this film with my ex-fiance as he wanted to see if it did represent BPD as claimed. We both felt that to a degree much of the behaviour exhibited by Glenn Closes’s character Alex could be classified as BPD but also (as with Play Misty for Me) some of the behaviours went far beyond that, especially the horrific bunny boiling stuff and attempting to kill everyone, again far more psychopathic than BPD.
Today was my son's last official day as a homeschooler. Unless, you count prom and graduation. His homeschool (ARTS) classes ended today, though he does need to have his final project reviewed. Yesterday, I reviewed all of his work for the year and calculated grades. I even got the results of his last ACT exam yesterday.... grr... a few points short for max scholarship, but it will do!
Cos eventually left the Franciscan order (OFM), and married Alethea (Snoeks) McLagan, and they had three children.But even after leaving the Franciscans, he kept the name he had used in the Order, Cosmas, rather than reverting to his baptismal names, Patrick Anthony.
Life so short, life anyway
As for the second objection about the “rates” always being constant, this other particular understanding of uniformity has been applied by YECs in their arguments against an old earth (i.e., the magnetic field decay, continental erosion, ocean sediments, etc.). They reason that if the current rates we see today in these other processes could not possibly be accommodated to suit a 4.5 billion year old earth, then this would count as evidence for a somewhat younger earth. In an online podcast from CMI, YEC speaker Calvin Smith then argues that this is problematic for assuming that Radiometric decay had remained constant saying that it is not right to pick and chose when rates may or may not have changed.
Her Belarussian mother is so beautiful, so gracious so kind. Her father is a handsome asian man.
But I did dig around my 'other' favourite stamp sets to dream up this BIRTHDAY CARD for a relative who loves cats!
That will not deter me from celebrating my second favorite holiday on the calendar, not to mention my revisiting of the desire to nestle myself down between the thighs of one Betsy Hagar for a good six weeks of winter slumber. And by winter slumber I mean fucking until I pass out from exhaustion, waking up and going at it again.
The bill of fare for Christmas week 1931 included an eight-member female dance troupe, which had just shared the bill with Crosby at the New York Paramount. One of these was Grace Bradley, a well-known movie actress in the ’30s and the widow of William Boyd, better known as “Hopalong Cassidy.”
The application must have reached the Malko Competition by
Anyway, I did.
You are the night , stolen to here,
He sighs almost before I finish my statement. Has he practiced this conversation? “I told Eva you wouldn’t be interested. She’ll probably call you anyway. Protocol and all that. Doesn’t matter, really – my B option has already accepted.”
love makes us hit
When Diaz again refused, Juan stabbed Diaz in the lower left abdomen. Juan took the beer and fled south on Ortiz Avenue.
God bless your day,
I did a dance on Mommy's plants
The "Happy Birthday" was cut at 2 1/2" using the Martha Stewart Birthday Cake Art cartridge, which I got for a great price a few months ago from Cricut Machine (like maybe $12.50?), and it is quickly becoming a favorite as well.
BUBOES have an 8-foot tongue coiled within their cavernous mouths, which is tipped with a barbed piece of cartilage. They can extend this to attack foes, and if it hits, they can pull the foe towards their mouth, Scorpion-"Get-Over-Here"-style. The target must make a Violence Power check at -3 or be dragged 5 feet closer to the FROG-DOG each turn. The tongue can be severed to break the character free; it has an AC of 15 and 1 HP. If the tongue is severed, obviously that toad can make no more attacks with it.
1 sourced from Factory UK 45 RPM 12" single FAC 223
½ teaspoon olive oil
It's Friday! So let's take a look at the past week via Instagram.
He is smart and inquisitive and inventive.
“Even when I first came to this league, I never wanted to come here and think that I’d go somewhere else,” said Lulay. “So I consider myself all-in here. That’s really what this is about. It’s securing next season and the near future,”
Other initiatives currently under trial include the introduction of green patent databases which collate all so-called ‘green’ patents into one database. This will consist of a fast-tracked patents application process, creating a general pool as opposed to collating specialized sectoral technology (wind, tide, hydro, carbon capture, photovoltaics, biomass, and their subsets). These are all steps in the right direction, but could IP mechanisms play a more prominent role in accelerating these technologies?
This feels like an obvious cover-up. The report only came to light earlier this year because Will Lewis (recently arrived from the Maily Telegraph as General Manager) spotted a reference in Newscorp data to ‘the File’.
Well that's all I have to say about this matter. Who brought the punch juice? You got that reference right? Damn right you did.
Almost. Side two modulates the mood a little, but not the attack, beginning with leadoff cut—and hands down bonafide Rock Classic scorcher—Cherry Red. Not much optimism for T.S., though:
The third town I stopped in — by then worried
Listening to the birds and their ever present calls to each other.
From above;
Bake 15 to 17 minutes or until golden brown.
Veep Pilot (HBO)
UPDATE: 4th March, 2011. Paul McMahon on the Irish legal website at extempore.ie is reporting that McInerney’s appearance at the Supreme Court today involved the working out of the directions/logistics of the appeal which Paul believes will be heard in the first half of April, 2011. Paul claims that the parties have themselves agreed a stay on the examinership pending the outcome of the appeal.
Only our camera man and sound guy are taping the chef extraordinaire making our lovely Chipotle creations.
I hear she is quite prone to pissing herself on stage too.
I continue to live in faith that God has a plan. I thank him for his Grace and Mercy. I do not want to become frantic nor bitter about B's relapse. It is what it is. As long as I don't enable him, I pray that this is going to be a turning point for him.
Since I left massart my photography has seen ebbs and flows. Right after leaving I photographed constantly all summer, went to Mississippi with Jenna Mac for 6 weeks, shooting 700 sheets of 4×5 there alone. After a month spent in the darkroom developing all the negatives I felt like a failure because I didn’t have the greatest photographs ever made. I was so depressed I didn’t take a picture for 6 months. Spring came and I bought a digital point and shoot and started photographing everyday again. As the summer came to a close I again got discouraged after a very strange shoot at a psychiatrists/sculptors home and again didn’t seriously try and shoot up until this April. With digital cameras all I have to do is look at my file dates or my flickr site to see my inspiration come and go and the fallow periods are stark in their absence.
I have redesigned my blog. There were 2 reasons for doing so: 1) for some reason when you scrolled down on the main page of the old one the text disappeared – annoying, wasn’t it? 2) To make my page more visually appealing & user friendly.
I know I like to be as prepped as I can be. It sure makes life a lot easier. I've worked all week inside and decided to take today off. It's been hard to not go in. Well, I'm not really taking the day off just not in the classroom. I'm sitting on my deck and enjoying the nice day.
Bread crumps+flour mix – 1 cup
In Greek myths, this is the part where the hero emerges from the Underworld. He is the same, but different. His journey has changed him forever. Mattie almost dies but is brought back by Rooster Cogburn’s almost superhuman effort. Rango is reborn as sheriff and takes on the name he gave himself: Rango. P.K. realises who he really is.
It's made me realise that I shouldn't fear Marmite. It's out there. It appeals to millions. Some good, some bad. It's certianly not to everyone's taste, but then what is?
certain inspired evenings, my partners-in-crime and i will take over an art studio on campus, leaving the wet creations to dry for the night.
We ended our fun filled day by Skyping with Daddy, and with lots of hugs and kisses. I think Savannah was asleep 2 minutes after I laid her in her crib!
The depiction of blue collar life, starring people who didn’t look like models was a welcome addition to popular culture. The point of Roseanne was not to show what the ideal mom looked like, but instead a real one. She yelled at her kids, was rude, and didn’t always behave selflessly. It was clear that she did lover her kids though, and served to teach them life lessons through the use of humor and experience with tough times. Roseanne Bahr is now a bit of a punchline as she’s gone a little nuts, but that shouldn’t be a reason to underrate how good this sitcom was.
The downstairs hole itself was weird. They made a square hole in our foundatoin downstairs, going all the way down to the dirt. I assumed it was to support the spiral stairs post by embedding it in concrete. But apparantly, the bottom of the post has this part — like a circle that you slip the end of the center stair beam into — and it is not supposed to be embedded in concrete. They spent much of yesterday mixing concrete and filling the hole back up.
I just found out
In the end Harper knows what she wants and finds herself wanting it to be a success this time and knowing the only way to get that is to jump in and not worry about what will happen. Throwing caution to the wind she jumps in and what a bumpy ride it is. I loved it!
Meet me there, for an evening of magic!
People new to the Internet maybe interested to know that there is a very user-friendly training service available locally called Myguide. Shap CDC is one provider, we may be able to run courses in the future in one of our village halls.
Australian actor Chris Hemsworth does a good job in the title role, presenting a Thor filled with good humor and courage as he makes his way without his powers on the strange world of Midgard. The amount of humor in the film came as a pleasant surprise to me. With a theme like Thor I am sure there was a temptation to go Wagnerian with the subject matter, and the humor helps leaven what could have been a don’t-you-dare-smile-movie which is usually a mistake when you are dealing with an inherently absurd premise as is the case with any superhero movie.
She's shy, reading out of a note. Come on, look at us at least once!
3. Be the best in the world at.
Today, I'll get my shawl rounds in early—because I want some time to work on my socks—Not a single round was knit on them yesterday. And yeah, I have yet another detail exam of another part of my body on Tuesday next, and there will be, no doubt some hours of waiting, and plenty of time to knit socks. But they are lovely too, in a totally different way, and a nice mental change to go to a simple 1, 2, CHANGE stitch count for a pattern.
Do you have any siblings? If so, did they/do they unschool as well?
Yesterday I had the pleasure of meeting some wonderful people before the Blissdom conference. I am not attending Blissdom but the Middle Tennessee Bloggers met for a lunch and invited a few girls that were attending Blissdom.
and a BLING bling ring! (it's one of my favorites and I got lots of compliments on it)
Buttermilk Biscuits
Yoochun decide to go to Junsu’s. ‘Please Su wait for me…’ Yoochun pray.
LW, a lease with a boyfriend is easier to break than an engagement. Just sack up and move in with him. Think of it as an “all systems go” check before the plane takes off.
Memory Box die - Amana Circle
Red O (WeHo): We never thought we’d see the day where this Melrose/Rick Bayless afiliated spot had ‘deals’, but here we are, happy as clams to be reporting on just that very thing at that very place. Now we say ‘deals’ with the slightest hesitation, because even during their specialty Cinco happy hour, the cocktails are still $8. But they sound oh so amazing! Specialty $8 beverages include: the Topolo Margarita, Alacran Margarita, Market Margarita, Beso del Diablo Mojito (sounds awesome), and the Vodka Gimlet. There will also be $5 craft beers, $7 wines, and a stellar sounding menu of discounted plates ($2 oysters, $10 ceviche, $6 guac+chips+salsa, $12-$15 taco & tostada trios.) Cinco food and drink specials run Saturday, 3-6pm.
“You can feel what others are feeling, DJ,” Dori said.
The team of losers Microsoft is building may well, in the end, lose. But if you’ll allow me to stretch the sports metaphor a little further, all a team needs to do in a season is make the playoffs. Once it gets there, anything can happen. Microsoft knows its strategy is unlikely to make it a leader. It just wants to stay in the game at minimal cost. That’s not a bad strategy, and it just may get Microsoft its wish.
3 tsp kosher salt
I am a Child of God.
Wednesday (I think I can, I think I can...)
Thank you for sending me Julia’s personal testimony that your tea will help me to remove my belly fat. However, I don’t typically accept solicitations from people who call me fat through email without ever truly seeing me. I found your spam to be the Shallow Hal of the email world without the third act and all that redemption. So, you are being deleted. Sorry. Also, at the end of Julia’s pitch she says, “P.S. Don’t laugh. This tea really works.” – I sincerely recommend you get a salesperson with more self confidence. I’ve never bought anything after saying, “Hold on, let me stop laughing. Great, now I will by that blouse.”
I can't believe how much time tidying actually takes, however, the good news is that I now can find everything I am looking for again LOL.Being Wednesday it is time to join Julia over at the Stamping Ground to have a look at desks around the world :)
The world described is very vivid and imaginable. The scenery was great and I could picture it however the characters, the main character Cora in particular, I didn’t feel a connection with her. I pretty much get that she is angry but that’s it. I don’t have any invested emotion in her, and as a main character I have a hard time with that. I felt there was slightly more character development with Lucas and even Minotaur.
Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.
Cathy is one of the friends of Hello Kitty. She debuted in 1976 and has similarly appeared in the cartoon series and on merchandise. Cathy appears as a white rabbit with upright ears, wearing a tunic which is the same colour as a bow between her ears.
Jack Dawson is a smug little d-bag who you’d likely want to punch if you met him in real life. He’s the guy who sings “I Gave My Love a Cherry” and says all the right things, and offers to draw her. Amazingly he’s awesome at guitar and he’s awesome at drawing, but certainly that is merely coincidental to his volunteering.
So of course I made my own.
Miss Lucy called the nurse,
The main change I was talking about was that she told me to add the beginning of chapter 14, in which Meg tells John (and the reader) what actually happened when she was diagnosed with cancer. I always knew this happened, but I didn’t write it in the original manuscript because I thought readers would not empathize with Meg and would be turned off by how she acted. My editor and her assistant both felt otherwise. They really wanted to see this scene. After I wrote it, I knew they were right. I think it makes the book more powerful.
This came from a loot bag I got last Christmas. I was going to give it away but when E saw it, he decided to try it out (probably because of the scrubbing bits, he loves scrubbing his face). He looked for it when he didn't see it on the sink so out of the bag it goes. (3)
Anything I have not worn for a year but is still in good condition has gone into a bag and after lunch will make a short journey to the charity shop. Anything which I consider to be past its sell-by date has gone into the dustbin. Everything else has been sorted into 'outfits' - alright, I know that it will only be a week or two before I decide that that blouse goes better with those trousers etc. but I do get a good feeling when I see it all neatly ordered. All the Winter clothes have been moved to the wardrobe in the spare room.
I’m amazed at how many golf courses out there make it easy for kids to get into golf. I wished I grew up when courses were offering free golf to kids. This just in, Shadow Hills is an absolutely beautiful course in Sun City, one of the desert communities in Palm Springs. There are two courses there, the North course and South course. Recently the North course was expanded to 18-holes but is the shorter of the two. It doesn’t play like an executive course because it has lots of water and sand like the South course.
3. Van has an Eighth Air Force Patch.
I’ll give you seven things about myself, and shout out to eight blogs I love written by people I do not know, plus some blogs/websites by people I know and who deserve more traffic because they rock…. but I’m not going to nominate them per se. I’m just contrary that way. Its part of my charm!
Smile at those adorable children.
Here are the back stairs before:
Nine kms from Dal, is yet another lake with serene waters, “Nagin Lake”. It has some of the most luxurious deluxe houseboats. This area is preferred by people looking for calm and quiet environment. For this reason, foreigners find it more interesting to stay at Nagin Lake. The Lake is approachable by road through the old city and fore-shore Road alongside the Dal Lake. Shikara ride in this placid lake is a memorable experience.
Our Shepherd Express ad features Alison Bechdel, as well as Paul Dickson for his Bill Veeck biography (Thursday, May 3) and John T. Edge for the Truck Food Cookbook (Tuesday, May 15).
Atop a crag, beside a hole -
Romans 5:3 And not only that, but we also glory in tribulations, knowing that tribulation produces perseverance;
This will gross some of you out, but I don't wash my hair every day. Or even every other day. (Settle down, I do bathe every day!!!) I try to combat all the stress it gets from styling, by not washing and blow-drying too often. It also helps to prolong the life of my, ahem, color. Yes, I do get some help in the blonde department. And sometimes hair just needs a little refresh, not a full wash!
Cricut Expression and Wrap it Up! cart
The Cote chain, which offer "simple freshly prepared French food at value for money prices", recently (two weeks ago) opened a new restaurant in Brighton.
Location: Revolution Brewing, 2323 N. Milwaukee Ave.
Vermilion Boys Tennis improved to 7-1 and 3-0 in the conference with a 4-1 victory over Avon. Both Boys JV and Varsity will play home against Amherst tonight.
This division is a pretty simple case, as it depends on one thing: pitching. If the Giants can get any kind of offense out of their lineup, if Buster Posey returns to his pre-injury form, if Brandon Belt’s swing is rehabbed to their satisfaction, they win the NL West. Tim Lincecum, Matt Cain and Madison Bumgarner are more solid than what the other staffs have to offer, and that will make all the difference. Kirk Gibson’s hard-nosed style helped Arizona to finally reach the potential they’d been teasing for several years, but the offense is still not much better than what the Giants throw out there, and the starting rotation is shaky beyond Ian Kennedy. These factors and an expected regression to the mean will deny the
I started to avoid her and my closet demons started to creep up on me and I started drinking again Belle, stop by and called for day’s with no success of getting a hold of me so she said to the super that she was worried about me The super knew Belle well before I moved in to the apartment complex so the super said sure I will unlock the door but you can’t go in Belle, replied okay… I am very thankful she ask because she saved my life after I had drank for 4 days straight and the very last time I passed out during the 4 day drinking binge I ended up hitting my head and I was also suffering from alcohol poisoning…
Susil was asked to comment on Chin’s warning which came about after the party’s central working committee (CWC) meeting yesterday.
“All right, you become a fox.” Then again he comes. He says, “Oh, tigers are chasing me.”
Andre Soliani – Bloomberg, 03/27/2012
Even if we are not all drawn to tread the path of the mystic, we need to be reminded that this note of divine love belongs to all of us. In a time of so much division in the world, it is important to reclaim this primal truth that belongs to our heritage: this great song of the soul that celebrates the oneness that is within the heart of each of us and underlies all of creation. This has particular relevance when we confront our present ecological crisis. We can no longer afford to think of the environment as something separate, outside of us. We need an awareness of the “oneness of being” of which we are all a part, and actions that come from this awareness. This awareness of unity is one of the most important contributions of the mystic at this moment in time.
Nick Green, who I interviewed last year, says in the same article, “I am not going to kid myself that I can support my family by writing fiction. At best it is extra pocket money. I would never give up the day job - not even if my next advance was six-figures, because another might never come again."
Twofold…one, your kid continues to do something she’s not supposed to do. Two, you’re not sure if all your talking at her is sticking. She seems to understand everything you say, down to the very subtle nuances of conversation, but when it comes to “don’t do that,” she pulls a blank face. Maybe she really doesn’t yet understand? Haha, no. Maybe she’s reached the age of selective hearing. Time to gear up.
her desk/vanity and her nightstand.
The President of the Republic shall name the Prime Minister, his deputies, ministers and their deputies, accept their resignation and dismiss them from office.
They were not being mean or trying to keep us from having a life. Quite the opposite, they were instructing and disciplining us out of love and because they wanted us to have the best life possible.
in what ever corner you find your self in, in which ever circumstances your in your in, and which ever emotional feeling you find your self fighting- Remember what God says
What we are seeing is the decline of the classic African liberation movement and the proliferation of something else -- something wilder, messier, more violent, and harder to wrap our heads around. If you'd like to call this war, fine. But what is spreading across Africa like a viral pandemic is actually just opportunistic, heavily armed banditry. My job as the New York Times' East Africa bureau chief is to cover news and feature stories in 12 countries. But most of my time is spent immersed in these un-wars.
leap through the window
1. Is what you’re seeing what you’re really getting?
I am in the holiday spirit. I think it has to do with some stores breaking out their Christmas decorations before Halloween is over! Christmas is pushing over the other holidays. Watch out Fourth of July, your'e next.
4. Puree the apples either by hand with a potato masher or in a small blender
Gameplay is the most important part, I feel, in video games. You could have the most amazing effects, talented voice acting, and a big company to back the game up and still have a crappy game. I view it like a movie. It doesn’t have to be an Academy Award Winner for me, just make it fun and make it so I keep coming back for more! Maybe this is why the next generation is being ushered in. Maybe they hear the sighs of millions of gamers disappointed by the so-called Game of the Year…
I probably would have been marching with Malema on the road to nowhere and my father would have been dead by now. I would be visiting a graveyard and trying to find life’s answers from a stone. Back in the 80’s when he married my mother us blacks haven’t heard of HIV/Aids and those enlightened ones that did know about it, thought it was a homosexual disease.
So it was a great one to practice prayer and rest and meditation.
Took teen to an incredible talk given by a woman, from Sierra Leon….3 hours worth of driving, stubborn teen + silent treatment + 1 hour freak out over random new cell phone request…but we went anyway, I wanted to hit the breaks, and kit her rotten, spoiled, whiney-hiney out of my car 100x.
__Quickly growing value of Kyiv as the most important political and cultural centre made this city the prominent one in the creation of jeweller decorations. The works of Kyiv jewellers were distributed in many towns of the Old Russian state. Artistic achievements of Kyivan Rus initiated the development of jeweller art in Ukraine.
"Scarborough Fair/Canticle" by Simon & Garfunkel
Today I'm delighted to welcome Stephen Tremp on the latest leg of his blog tour. Every post of Stephen's I've read has been full of useful advice and this one's no different! Take it away, Stephen.
If people around us share with us, we will share with others also.
So, I've learned a lot the past eleven months. I've allowed myself to mourn too. I don't mean to give anybody the impression that I don't miss Michael at all. I do. I miss the healthy, happy go lucky Michael. But, he disappeared years ago.
That nothing’s made to last
Back on the Vampirate ship Jez leads a rebellion and kills off several of the donors right after asking Darcy to run away with him. She said yes, her bags are packed, and now she is crying and heartbroken. Just then Sidioro shows up with a prison ship and the renegade Vampirates are off on their own. The name of the ship: The Blood Captain.
As a point of honor, Varian has to welcome into his throne room any diplomatic emissaries you decide to send to Stormwind. This might not sound so cool, but it gets real awesome real fast when you make the emissaries eat nothing but beans and asparagus for three days leading up to the visit.
The courtyards created by the building volumes, roofs and terraces are all designed to enhance views from the Granville Bridge and the residential units above. The canted, triangular clusters of green roofs create a highly graphic and iconic gateway to and from the downtown core, reinforcing the City of Vancouver’s focus on sustainable cities. The exterior façades respond to the various solar exposures which is integral to the overall sustainability concept. The building will strive for LEED Gold Certification.
Don’t Miss
So there will be a good tomorrow
Moody's son has been kidnapped and Hex turns down the job, citing a burning hatred for Gotham. Moody tosses out the sum of $50,000 as a reward and Hex takes the job. During the investigation, Hex and Arkham once again cross paths and they uncover a massive operation deep beneath Gotham where children are being used as slave labor to build the city sewer system. The pair are discovered and tossed down a whirlpool and find themselves stranded on a ledge in total darkness.
Appropriately, Bush recently found herself being 'sampled'. For
Each of Kristal's stamp sets benefit charity. At least $1 per stamp set goes to benefit the charity noted on the stamp set package. Kristal is donating to the following charities: Cancer Angels, Storefront Shelter for Homeless Children, Intrepid & Fallen Heroes, E. Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation, Doorways Shelter for Women & Children (Domestic Violence), Wayside House for Women, Camp Good Days & Special Times, Adopt a Classroom, and Autism Research Institute. Kristal will donate $1 for every stamp set sold, retail or wholesale to the charity noted; and over time believes this will add up to some wonderful miracles for these special people. So you can feel good that each time you purchase a K Andrew Designs art stamp set, someone around the country is receiving some good help! K Andrew's stamps are all made and assembled here in the USA, which is very important to Kristal. This ensures all product materials are safe and that jobs are being provided and maintained here in America. You can learn even more about Kristal's stamps (and pick some up for yourself) by visiting her online store: K Andrew Designs:
After opening time at 9:00, I walked in and was immediately warned to “shhhh” by one of the film-crew. Gunther von Hagens, a recognisable and controversial face from German ghost-and-ghoul TV documentaries, was being filmed under the chandelier.
By the time of his death in 2007, Michael Jackson was widely regarded as the world’s leading beer writer and critic. For many beer lovers he still is.
Triglycerides: 142
Pinnacle was a brand made by the Score Company and marked their entrance into the high end card market. Pinnacle had a short lived run with only 7 sets (1992-1998).
McDaniel is a small LAC located in cute, historic Westminster, MD. The college is perched on a hill and offers many views in every direction. The numerous quaint and attractive buildings are clustered closely together so that walking the length of the campus can be done in a few minutes.
There really isn’t much about religion of any sort on television these days. With the need for equality, the media seems fairly nervous of even mentioning faith issues, for fear of offending somebody – which leaves very little in the way of information about any spiritual path (or the need for spirituality at all).
I allow my children to modify the games I make up and I encouage them to make up their own. Making up and then playing one's own game encourages a child to think through the implications of different rules. What makes a game fair or unfair? What makes a game challenging? What happens if you have too many "go back to the start" spaces? I think the kids enjoy having times when they can make up a game that is crazily unfair and they can laugh as I circle forever in a loop back to the beginning.
Just when you think you've had your fun,
Marlene: Have you ever wanted to quit writing? Why?
Sharon Crawford
And guess what...we hit it!! I have 100 followers now!! Thank you guys so much for hanging around!!
Roger (who didn't start running until he was 47 and was very overweight) ran in the 2009 Boston Marathon, and has run 12 marathons since, continuing to run for his niece Julia (who is still alive) and raising money for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. Amazing! If you didn't, watch the video!
Exotica is all about recontextualizing the object of desire, constantly reworking the moment of impact, the point at which one event happened that altered many lives. In Atom Egoyan's breakthrough film, a small group of people revolve around such a single point in time. Egoyan shows us, slowly, the margins of this point without ever fully explaining the center. Instead he plays around it, investing the event with a sense of monumental importance in part because we can never know the entire story, and can only interpret for ourselves.
Moving my desk at work- I am all packed up and waiting for them to actually make the move so I can unpack and get settled in my new spot
Cammie Morgan may be fluent in fourteen languages and capable of killing a man in seven different ways (three of which involve a piece of uncooked spaghetti), but the Gallagher Academy hasn't prepared her for what to do when she meets an ordinary boy who thinks she's an ordinary girl. Sure, she can tap his phone, hack into his computer, and track him through a mall without him ever being the wiser, but can she have a regular relationship with a regular boy who can never know the truth about her? Cammie may be an elite spy in training, but in her sophomore year, she's doing something riskier than ever—she's falling in love.
I haven't been on a proper vacation in over 10 years... so I'm really excited for it!! I'll be away for a week to Paris and Rome!!! I'll be sure to update when I return with a possible haul (unlikely, but possible)... depending on my moood when I get there, since I'm not really there to shop =P
1 corridors
WHAT IS THE SOLUTION TO NEGATIVE TALKING?
I do a great deal of research for my books. There are always lots of small things that need checking – the time of the tides around Hayling for example. For HIDDEN I did a great deal of research into immigration and human rights, the political situation in Iraq and Iraqi culture in general. I also did some very specific research into Hayling history and made some wonderful discoveries. I love doing research and I am always adding to my knowledge of the Island and surrounding areas.
The financial impact of such employee attrition is what really grabs the attention of management. Forty percent of companies report direct costs of $5,000 to $20,000 to replace a single employee, according to a recent talent retention survey. Indirect costs resulting from the impact of the turnover were reported to exceed $10,000 per employee.
Thank you, Kurt Geiger. Thank you, Carvela.
Last weekend we set off, map in hand, to explore hitherto unknown to us parts of the 17th arrondissement. And along the way, we saw quite a few interesting sights.
I don't really have a set schedule either. I could be better about that, but I don't have a set amount of time I spend writing each day. I do have a writing calendar. I know what articles are due when and where and when I want to post on my blog. I keep track of random ideas for articles on that calendar. I make a list of things I need to write every night, and I have a side list of pitches I want to work on and I'm just starting preliminary research on a book. I often bribe myself with rewards for finishing articles. And they are silly awards - like watching an episode of a TV show or having a glass of wine or cookies. That makes me sound like I'm 12, but it works for me. I've also learned that I work better late at night rather than early in the morning. So I stay up. I try to always get at least five hours of sleep, and usually it's more in the neighborhood of six-seven. I also make it a point to make some time to read. That's important to writing (I still don't read as much as I'd like to).
The DallasVoice reports that Witherspoon said he offered to show the investigating officer a “carry letter” from his psychiatrist stating that he is transgender, and that the officer declined. A photo of the letter is reprinted here. But as you can see, the letter was written two days AFTER Witherspoon was cited.
Of course not! And a federal judge in Texas felt the same way. Provisions of the Sonogram law requiring that a patient MUST hear the heartbeat and other information regarding the size, etc, of the fetus were struck down as unconstitutional; a violation of the First Amendment and free speech rights of both the doctor and the patient.
One fine day a grant funding opportunity was presented that was too good to be true. Even though time constraints where part of the package, this was an opportunity to provide a goldmine of unique digitized content for researchers worldwide. Karen Andrews stepped forward and shared her digitization wish list.
Oh Babe by Andre Williams
On Saturday night, I was eating dinner at a friend’s house when news of clashes with police in Tottenham filtered through. Twitter was our main news source, and phone calls confirmed that riot police were being deployed in the area. Earlier that evening, the family of Mr. Duggan and local residents had protested outside Tottenham police station. Two days had passed, and they had recieved no explanation for his death. In similar fashion, their demonstration and demands for answers were ignored.
There have been a lot of big changes over a small amount of time. From seeking God at home, He led our family to a church where we feel we truly belong. The heart of the church reflects our own: to reach others for Christ - to connect. It is a place where individuals matter, where praise is genuine, and where worship flows. It is home. I am so thankful to be there - at last.
X...
9"x22" - cut 2
b) "Working invention-related application", i.e., applications filed by an applicant or a licensee who has already commercialized the invention or plans to commercialize the invention within two years from the filing date
And sometimes he’ll teach us how to help him cope.
I don't enjoy preparing food, then cleaning it up, and finishing the cleaning, only for it to be time to prepare more food again.
There is only one Chinatown in South Korea, being at Incheon, where there once was a large Chinese community until the oppressive and discriminatory policies brought in during the 1960s/70s which limited foreign ownership of property, targetting the Chinese minority then, which led to an exodus of Chinese to the US and Taiwan.
Both should have died long ago from arthritis and other maladies, but they were
This law is also dangerous in that it could make a murderer out of someone who merely committed assault and happened to be unlucky enough for the woman to miscarry naturally. An aggressive shoulder-bump in a crowd could result in manslaughter charges due to natural miscarriage.
The inmate you saw was visibly upset. When something was done that violated your space or your privacy, I think I would be so upset. She was obviously bigger than the other one. If she truly hit the inmate I saw, there would be a bigger injury than those minor scratches I noted. Who knew? That inmate could have just scratched herself. There were nothing on her hands, too that if we saw redness or swelling or something, we would know, she was the one who hit the other lady. She was upset because she didn’t want to have any problems here that she didn’t even want to file a charge because she just wanted to be released and go home. The other woman I saw was calm. She was a heavy Meth user that all of her teeth were recessed to her gums except those 2 remaining teeth. One was loose but there was no bleeding and she was not even in pain when she was showing us and started moving it back and forth. If she truly got hit, there would be some swelling, bleeding, something that would tell us that something landed on that part of her face. It seemed like she wanted to have her cellmate be in trouble.
The blue graph is the scientific study produced under rigorous conditions by KiGGS. It included vaccinated and unvaccinated children. The graph is their summary. The comparison results, and differentiation between vax and nonvax kids, are deciphered at that site I linked in ponderous, statistical detail.
When the Chinese talk about face they are talking about the public presentation of self. Face is the way you present yourself in public. People know who you are because they identify your face.
Released on May 9th in Europe, the album launch will be supported by live shows in London, Paris and Berlin and a television special following Hugh’s musical journey to New Orleans and featuring the performances of much of the album filmed at Kingsway Studios in the French Quarter along with Hugh’s band and his incredible collaborators.
A big tree fell last night, Mike had worked all day putting on a new metal roof on one of our buildings. He had two more rows of roof to put on and it started raining, so we had to pack up and quit for the day.
It was an inspiration and a joy to watch her child like enthusiasm. She had always dreamed of traveling around the globe.
This is truly a cute movie. I don't want to give any of the story away... but it is beautiful! It's truly touching how special the realtionship between father and son is shown in this movie, as well! Our family loved it!
After all my fussing, Timeless made NYT at #17, USA at #98, and PW at #12. Thank you so so much for buying, Gentle Reaer! I won't lie, the Amazon pre-sales hurt. They spread out Timeless's numbers over three weeks, instead of one, which means about 1/3 didn't go towards the "first-official-week-on-sale" listings at all. (It's a mysterious and complicated mathematical code.) But that, in turn, means you all really must have bought a lot of copies! Thank you thank you thank you!
The thing is, athletes and sportsmen are usually so dedicated to their sport that the rest of their life has been slightly ignored, and if you ban these people from something they’ve spent years of their life training for, what do you leave them with?
01) Swat 96
Claireliz
25 Minutes Total Time on the Inter-Webz today
But anyone with a tiny bit of sense will realise that Progressive Socialism as seen in Botswana and Europe will wipe out the racism out of this land. No, we're not talking Venezuela failed style of Socialism, but light touches of Socialism to equip all citizens to have buying power. And that Socialism by definition does not discriminate, and is our best chance towards a New South Africa, unlike the once White and now Black Nationalism rearing its ugly head under the helms of Malema and the rest of those Gucci cadres.
Booster Action Claiming agenda bold Complete 5-1 Amplitude A-Go-Go
From that day onwards my drinking became a 24 hour job for me. This consisted of trying
- Denise and I joined Cine Club which is a film club in Valenciennes that brings in movies in their original language and some artsy French films. So far, we have seen (all in English!) Beginners, Midnight in Paris, and Blue Valentine. Tons of people come out for this! See, Valenciennes! You should do more films in VO! Blue Valentine was an emotional train wreck and it was walking out of that film when I got the message about my friend. It all just made me burst into tears.
New statistics suggest that student prostitution may be more of an issue than we thought. An on-campus tally at Birmingham City University was carried out in order to get a clearer sense of the reality of student prostitution. We asked 100 students whether they know a student sex worker and 23 students said that they did.
and yet still finding the time to journal our ladybug tales.
For now, the sentiment amongst the Chinese is clear. Come what may, they will stick with Pakatan in GE-13. For the Indians, it is less obvious. In Sabah and Sarawak, the winds of change may be blowing but again, it is hard to gauge if the desire for reform can outstrip the greed for cash that will surely be offered in exchange for their votes.
Tenaya Creek
When we were small, a little boy fell of the monkey bars, Robyn was right beside him when he fell. The teachers asked if anyone saw what happened, but no one did, even though we were right there. All we knew was that the kid had been sitting cosily on the monkey bars talking to Robyn. He also happened to be the guy I liked. So I was jealous enough to imply that I might have seen Robyn do something.
Why buy basic shapes when you can carve them yourself! A few months ago I managed my first attempt at basic carving with a Speedball lino cutting tool and a block of flexible, pink Speedy-Carve. Dick Blick carries a 9" x 11 3/4" sheet for $21.00. Erasers are great for carving too!. And don't forget to save your wine corks :D
A happy well cared for population would flourish.
Once he got the seat adjusted and settled in he looked at me, smiled and said "I'm goin to Hainnesville" "Do you know where that is?"
God Hates Women. Well ish, in a historical sense anyway. According to the Christian bible, women are responsible for original sin and getting mankind cast out of Eden forever. In the film She cannot cross the bridge into Eden, She must be carried. If we consider the witch hunts of the 16th Century the witches were actually pagans (except for the Blair Witch) with a strong connection to nature and the cycle of the Earth. One theory is that She is afraid of nature because it will restore her to her paganistic ways which would result in her being cast out from society. Once She realizes that nature is not "Satan's Church" she happily emerges herself in water.
When I see a trash bag on the side of the road...I automatically think "body". Is that weird to anyone?
On page 76 of The Catalogue at frame 43, I've shown a group of what I've termed "Press Clip Oddballs," which have or don't have features I would expect to see in the other categories. In that grouping are several other pencils like this one, and when they are displayed together they look less like oddballs and more like a regular product line:
Thru June 23
But it wasn't until 2000 (almost 10 years later) that I rode Tower of Terror and it's multiple drops in the same ride!
Where does one begin creating a list of memorable lines from his immortalized plays? Rather than choosing some of the famous longer passages, I have selected some shorter lines which provide some perspective on human nature:
Finally one evening I was on late duty. Kicking back, feet on the desk, googling something pointless and dreaming of home. I heard a telltale munching, and looked down. It was Mouse! He had come for his regular evening snack. I gracefully scrambled onto the floor and cornered the little blighter. I wanted to grab him, take him out the camp perimeter and send him on his way. I had grown fond of the little dude. (I'd like to think it was because of his tenacity, but it was probably his lovely little pink ears.) Thinking of the many tame, pet mice I had handled at home, I reached down and grabbed his tail, expecting him to arch back like a tiny skydiver....
I choose to discipline each child with fairness, firmness and consistency, in Christ Jesus! Amen!
I hope to live that long, let alone be married to Kellie that long! In this day and age of cheating and people getting divorced left and right...it was truly refreshing to see them married for that long and so happy together. Her Grandmother is the gentlest, sweetest, woman I have ever met. She welcomed me with open arms into their family and they were one of the few people who came to the hospital to help welcome Madison into this world. I never knew my Grandparents and I am glad Madison got to meet hers and her Great Grandparents.
4) “It’s all about the networking”
Spoon the lemon glaze over the cake.
(a) Increase public awareness on combining societal economic and environmental objectives
There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold
Now that I have you scratching your head with confusion, allow me to explain:
These three are for my stash. I'm picturing the printed chiffon (left) as a blouse with floaty sleeves and maybe a bow; the purple & caramel spot (right) is also a blouse, likely to be something with puffy sleeves; and the lovely aubergine double knit jersey might be a dress, I haven't anything specific in mind.
John and I were awakened at 2 a.m. the other night not by the whoop-whoop-whoop of the helicopter overhead or the flashing lights of the emergency vehicles all around the property or even the low drone of the fire engine in our driveway. No, it was a phone call from our neighbor. “I thought you might want to know what all the lights are for.” “Huh? Lights?” That’s when we looked out the window and saw police cars next door at John’s parents’ house and the fire engine in our driveway, right outside the six-year-old’s bedroom window. (He slept through all this, too, as did his mother, although she was closer to consciousness and had some bizarre dreams.)
There are biffalo-buffalo-bisons,
But the blunt language she used to criticise the King in a public arena, just a short distance from the palace, has shocked even those Thais who do not consider themselves ardent royalists.
Thank you all so much for playing along in last week's challenge! And also a big thank you to our sponsor, Di's Digi Downloads.
D.H: Then the Giants put together a great drive...Manning to Cruz, Touch Down! (9-0).
The first show was recorded at Tina's house in Campsea Ashe in Suffolk. The results of the investigation will be available to hear in the very near future!
~~Southern Living, FEBRUARY 1999~~
Now with this series of posts about unloved vegetables I do fully appreciate that what is unloved for some is probably much beloved for others. Timing is probably also a factor in this regard too. I can well imagine carrots receiving a warm welcome alongside kohlrabi, turnips and swede, but just at the moment when the other inhabitants of the veg box are purple sprouting broccoli, mushrooms, aubergines and if you are really lucky asparagus, carrots will induce and sigh and droop of the shoulders. It has been a long winter with the root vegetables and still having to deal with carrots is starting to feel a bit much. Suddenly they are a little more difficult to use up as the hearty winter meals which lend themselves to featuring carrots as an accompaniment are now fewer and further between.
Suffice to say that the literal definition of these terms encompasses a wide variety of meanings and understandings – can its spiritual implications be any less than this?
This is honestly a very hard reflection for me, but one that needs to be taken on. Let’s start celebrating some victories!
Blum's performance is so convincing and detailed that, on its outing last year at the Melbourne Fringe, one reviewer seemed to take it straight, criticising Blum for his bumbling around on stage. "Awkward, why yes it was, I smiled out of tact and ended up looking at the floor to avoid feeling bad every time a bead of sweat slid down Blum’s glistening forehead." A backhanded compliment if ever there was one. Awkward it is: not because the acting is bad, but because it's so uncompromisingly good. And it's deeply, sharply funny. Not for everyone, and it comes with a strict R18+ rating: but for those who like edge on their comedy, a must see. Ends on Sunday.
We must act:
*Prepare rice using the long-grain directions on the cooking chart for Cuisinart’s Rice Plus™ Multi-Cooker. Rice can also be prepared the day before.
1. Yarn is NOT string and should not be referred to as such.
Orange and pink is a favorite combination for me, and made even punchier by mixing them in their most vibrant hues.
Thanks to the quick intervention of Ms Harkin and her assistants, five petitions, including one from ourselves, contesting the European Commission’s regulation of maximum permitted levels (MPLs) of vitamins and minerals in food supplements remain open in the European Parliament’s Petition Committee.
Then daughter Bristol and Levi dropped right on out of school.
says: As she kept on praying to the LORD,
The 52 weeks to Simplify your Life is not a home organisation challenge, but a program to encourage reflection and personal growth. I am looking forward to giving my reflections some structure and I will share things on here as I go.
Nine Fine is pretty crunk if I remember last time, with some live Irish band.
Hey I'm Glad you stopped by the "I'd Rather Be At The Beach" Blog Hop. This blog hop runs from May 18-22. If you are coming from http://www.creationsbygillm.blogspot.com/ Blog you’re on the right track. If you just joined us, you can go back to the beginning HERE http://www.createserendipity.net/ and hop along with us. We’ve had so much fun creating this hop, and we have a wonderful line up with some oh-so-talented crafters. You will find loads of projects with a beachy theme throughout this hop! If you love the beach as much as I do, then you won't want to miss this one! We have LOTS of blog candy to offer! Please check back daily for your chance to win!
2T finely chopped green onions
That pesky invisible zipper was put in several times before I gave up and basted it in by hand. I never get why some zippers go in really smoothly without much effort while others have me pulling my hair out.
pinch of vinegar
After Bob Welch left the band, a search was started for a new singer and guitarist. Mick Fleetwood soon discovered California singer and guitarist Lindsey Buckingham. Fleetwood asked Buckingham to join Fleetwood Mac. Buckingham agreed, but only on the condition that the band also hire his girlfriend, singer Stephanie “Stevie” Nicks. The rest was history.
On a different note, we finally made it to rexburg and moved into our new apartment. We like it a lot and it has been so fun to make our own little home for us. Here are a few pictures of the place, its definitely not finished yet, i have more pictures to hang and such, but i will post updated pictures as they come.
Soon we were doing vocal exercises that seemed to imitate sounds in nature: crows, whooping cranes, wildebeest. Everyone around me looked to be very much in their element. My voice was already tired. I had never been trained to sing and was always certain I used my voice incorrectly somehow, even in speaking, which I did a lot. At least twice a year I tended to lose my voice altogether. I looked over at my aunt who seemed to be holding her own while the Leader— who was clearly the sterner cousin of the girl on the Swiss Miss chocolate box—began assigning us the parts to one of the Taize songs. Well this would be good I thought. “Veni Sancte Spiritus,” the words began. Come Creator Spirit, come! and we layered our parts one upon the other. It is this moment of feeling a part of the whole, of feeling your voice meld into the one great sound that I imagine fills choral singers with delight. Not me. I couldn’t even hit the full range of notes assigned us, and didn’t enjoy trying— too much pressure. Slipping out the back door, I left my aunt looking jubilant with her soprano group, and went to find a moment’s peace before the small group sessions.
For as long as I can remember I've been a bit talkative. Spoken language has been my friend, my shield, and my weapon. My verbal skills are the rocks I have built my career upon.
Brad: Doodlebug
Anyway, my sister has done that now, too. However, she’s grown up and engaged so there’s no real shock factor there. But, it means I don’t have to do it now, right?
electronic/ambient pulses and occasional have snippets of Arabic dialogue drifting
Christian had an evil smile on his face and was ignoring the beautiful women hanging on him. Instead his interested eyes were watching Darien forcefully hold a woman to his chest and take pleasure out of scaring her. Darien bit her a few times playfully, the woman crying out in pain. Christian laughed when Darien bit her neck, Darien’s powerful hands using excessive force as he squeezed her arms tightly.
Fire is falling from the sky, she is burning down her past
Overall, the "photoshopping" on this card isn't too bad. But there is one major flaw, as I noticed after I first pulled this card.
Oh...the paperwork really will never end, will it?
Unsubstantiated rumor. Epithet hurled at people who mildly disagree with you. Specious argument. Disregard for manners. Balogna. Baloney.
In fact, I hope that Santa Clause reads my blog between now and Christmas because I am in desperate need of a new camera!
i've entered my card in competitions at:
“For others,” she continued. “It’s a terrifying maze, full of false paths and enemies and… wisdom.”
Do you guys remember the awesomeness of friendship bracelets?
When my students and I created this, we were thinking about the story of being late to school on the first day and all of the craziness that would ensue. It was the beginning of the year, so we had read First Day Jitters recently and the humor of the first day of school was fresh in our minds.
And, after watching an episode of Meet the Author where the presenter talks to the winners of the Costa Book Awards, I want to buy some of these; here’s the programme link http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b00y30wh/Meet_the_Author_the_Costa_Shortlist/
Birth children, who were once secure and happy, can be negatively influenced by the presence of the new addition the family. I am fully aware that this can happen generally in most families. Certain neurotic reactions, such as jealously, are to be expected.
If little things piss you off, you need to relax and not worry about it. If your day is ruined because someone cut you off in traffic, then you really need to learn to enjoy what you have. If you are cut off in traffic, you are going somewhere (hurray, you have a place to go), you have a vehicle (hurray, you have a car), you have money to put gas in the car (hurray, you have some gas), you have many many things. Why would you let something like… someone not using a turn signal… even put you in a bad mood for a split second?
Ah, indeed. I was afraid that’s where we were going.
I can barely lift the Arizona dog; it’s piled high with bacon, tomato, onion, cheese, mustard, salsa and jalapenos. It takes a couple of bites to actually reach dog. It proves thick and juicy. The Memphis has an interesting tang with the Cole slaw. The Alabama, with a juicy brat this time, features decent sticky chili and high-grade kraut. The Hawaiian is a bit much with the sweet pineapple and mango relish. The Italian sausage though, is quite good.
First there was Denmark for a week in early June. It was annual leave and very much needed. Summer was booked and I admittedly spent most of my time outside in the sun. It seems a distant memory now.
My mind went to James and his attempts with his dad…
Trying to Keep Imagining!
The new pantry configuration is a combination of solid shelves on one wall and ventilated shelves on the other (all the way up to the ceiling!) It's a great mix of utility and pretty, butler's pantry-ish storage. I especially love the counter height, deeper shelf over the drawer units. It's a perfect staging area.
I Am.
Q: Are you planning any sequels or related books?
Yeah, I’d much rather you pay for your debit card than me. It’s not my fault you got sucked into sucking your bank’s teet for every penny you spend. There are tons of creditors willing to let you spend their money instead, in the hope that you won’t pay it back at the end of the month. They are much nicer with their money than the banks!
In the morning, when mom and I got up, I was shocked at the state of our house. There were cups and bottles EVERYWHERE. But, since I’m a good little puppy, I helped to clean up by licking all the sticky stuff off the floor.
I love this series of shots and thought I’ll share a couple of them here. All were taken with a Panasonic LX-3, a bounce flash and a giant piece of white paper as a backdrop.
I got one of those printed calendars in the mail with a Better Homes and Gardens magazine offer, and it was just too pretty to throw away, so I decided to paper-craft with it! I used a Sizzix banner die to cut the shapes, inked them with Stephanie's ink, and strung them with twine to a single layer card. The sentiment is from a brand new set released today from The {Stamps} of Life, birthday2celebrate.
Chopped nuts can be added to the cake or to the topping.
Meanwhile, the men rallied around their leader in an attempt to get close enough to hit him. Singer John Rich serenaded passers-by with his guitar while singer Mark McGrath wondered if methamphetamines could be used as a pizza topping and singer Meat Loaf hugged a customer that somehow recognized him. Baseball player Jose Canseco was predictably steroid-addled, actor/lunatic Gary Busey was predictably crazy and rapper Lil Jon was predictably black. Former teen idol David Cassidy was positively elfin, never quite figuring out how to work a performance of his only hit song “I Think I Love You” into the manufacture of Italian fast food.
and all I see is you
The Pretty Things- SF Sorrow
To me, this seems a lot less complicated than the previous method! Plus, it lets you configure your Asterisk extension in the normal manner, which means you don’t have issues with things like Message Waiting Indication not working.
The first persistent behavior that I can recall with my son was his severe temper tantrums around age two. He would kick, scream, bite, and throw any object he could grab. The longest tantrum I can remember was over two hours long. Fred never wanted to be held or hugged and was not attached to me as a typical two year old would be. He also had this stuffed rabbit that he would pick the fur off of until the rabbit was bald. Then he would rub the fur on his nose. He went through at least four rabbits before he turned to biting his clothes and other individuals. I stopped going out to dinner, meeting with friends or even running to the grocery store unless I could go alone. When he was almost three I found out I was pregnant with my second child. I stood in the doctor’s office crying and holding him in my arms as he actively bit my shoulder and neck.
I DECLARE THAT IT IS
The Implementation: I had one student from each group grab a group whiteboard and each group first answered the problem on the whiteboard. As they worked, I walked around and checked in with groups (actually, I sat down with the groups that I knew would need help starting, but after that they were good to go). As groups finished, I checked their answers, prodded a few students in the group for explanations, then gave them the worksheet with all 8 problems. They were to write in their work in the box of the problem they did and write ‘Expert’ in that box, since they’re the expert on that problem. Once they were done, they were to erase the whiteboard and return it to the front of the room (this is an important detail – see comments below about copying). As most groups were copying their work to their paper, I interrupted them to remind them that at this point, I was going to shrug my shoulders a whole lot and tell them to ask their peers if they didn’t know something. I then encouraged them to move around the room and work through problems.
I find that the most effective way to discover a business owner’s concerns and to open a dialogue with that owner is to ask questions. In this article, I have identified five questions every agent can ask a business owner to determine insurance opportunities. I also share a hypothetical example, which can be used with a business owner to illustrate the risk of doing nothing.
Relationships. What a topic! When it comes to them I never seem to come eye to eye with other people to the extent that I know some people look at me and wonder if I'm either the patron saint of tolerance or just a little weird. When shit hits the fan or what not, the one person who I know is on the same wavelength as me is old pappy dearest- perhaps he has passed on his wisdom just as he did his love of boxes. We both love boxes and hugs for that matter... but I digress. Relationships. Yes.
Card base and dsp are from my SU stash . The images are from a set of clear stamps that came free with a magazine .
Here's what we have: A rich and creamy filling consisting of quark, creme fraiche and sweetened condensed milk, flavored with the juice and zest of seasonal Clementines, nestled in a buttery biscuit (cookie) style crust. Sort of like a cheesecake, if you will.
P/S: For Americans following the debt ceiling negotiations, I think it wise to maybe stop buying for a bit and get as much use out of the items you currently own - who knows what the children in Congress will do to further screw us over.
He stepped over to the edge of the bed; cradling his jacket in his arm in case if he needed to escape in a seconds notice. She looked worse than the last time he had seen her. Her hair tumbled down the side of her head like a silver waterfall that broke beneath her shoulders. She had lost weight and he heard a low rasp with each breath she took. But she still smelled like his mother. Orange spice. He thought back to his childhood when he would sit on the floor beneath her while she got ready. She would splash a little on her wrists and rub it into her neck. He remembered the first whiff of citrus hitting him when she would wrap him in her arms. He thought that heaven would smell that way. Crisp and comforting. Nothing could ever go wrong in those days. He loved her and she loved him back. But now he didn’t want to recognize her, and the smell brought nothing but shame for him. He wouldn’t admit it to anyone but he was ashamed of her. Afraid to bring her home, afraid to see her. She wasn’t that angelic figure anymore. Someone had stolen her and what she had become; he detested. He hated himself for it but could feel nothing else.
There have been too many serious posts lately. Besides, some of you asked me a few really good questions on Part 2 of our story and I'm figuring out how to answer them. I'm practicing distraction and avoidance.
And those bigger names will draw bigger crowds.
The moon is high and full tonight
As a new senior leader in the organization and in stepping up to oversee several team members, Elisa focused on improving her coaching and management skills. In assuming a more strategic role for the organization, she learned a great deal about strategy formulation, value proposition, and how to communicate the purpose and vision of the organization. Elisa looks forward to implementing many of these ideas over the next year, and I look forward to observing the results.
Let’s set the stage. The subject: white male or female; protestant; 50+ years old; politically conservative; middle class; regular church attendant. The circumstance: Aaron happens into a conversation with this individual that starts innocently enough but quickly becomes more serious. The topic: the condition of our country. The subject’s conclusion: our country is in terrible condition and needs to go back to how it used to be. The result: Aaron tries to make vaguely general nods of the head or other types of polite acknowledgements without agreeing with his conversational partner and attempts to change the subject.
Two years could allow markets to see whether Spain’s banks can handle the decline of local real-estate prices, or whether mortgage defaults will lead to widespread bank failures, requiring the Spanish government to finance large deposit guarantees. The next two years would also disclose the financial conditions of Spain’s regional governments, which have incurred debts that are ultimately guaranteed by the central government.
Need: 8 ply 100% Wool Yarn, 1 pair 3.25mm needles, 1 pair of 3.75mm needles, 1 set of 3.25mm dpn’s or circular
This was a genius suggestion because I know my husband and his family- they aren't real trivia freaks. However- my sister -in -law and my brother- in -law and I are all readers and we remember stuff. Plus we had the advantage of all coming from different backgrounds so we had a different set of info and customs coming into the game.
"Unschoolers are the barefooted folk of the educational world. We’re the ones removing the barriers between our minds and the incredible array of experiences around us, kicking off constraints so we can feel the world as it truly is, in all its varied glory!"
Has anyone ever tried these before?
1st Sentence:
While the number of Labour first preferences in wards dipped somewhat from their regional showing for Holyrood in 2007 (down 2,555), the SNP first preference vote in the local elections was 9,647 lower than their regional vote, and a massive 35,208 votes behind Labour's collection of first preferences across Glasgow.
Occasionally individuals think they are able to do a work however cannot. You may capture this earlier if you’re following on performance.
My hands are dropping off and I’ve got to pack up my entire house now to move!
Well I have wrapped up my third day at the action movie festival and boy are my arms tired.
Uggghhhh!!! I'm actually a little upset his mug is in a post so close to Sam Worthington and Bradly Cooper. I know a lot of people find Russell Brand hilarious, but I just can't stand him. The sound of his voice (and I'm a girl who can appreciate an accent) is like nails on a chalkboard. And the sight of him makes me throw up in my mouth a little bit. So, if I could muzzle a celebrity and not have to ever hear from them again, he'd be my pick. Fo sho.
Which means that your No Deposit House has been up for sale for several weeks and you will no more make home loan repayments on your outdated and new houses. You’re eager to market like the desire to lose cash. Right now might be time for you to consider producing your own Bad Credit Home the actual rent-to-own home. Also you possess a 100% finance choice from a Vendor Finance Home.
if we hold on tight we’ll hold each other together
That neighbors-make-fun-of person?
I'm staring the week off with a fair amount of homework, and my first quiz is already on the horizon next week, so not much time to chat.
8. Layla pinned Nikki Bella to win the Diva Title 5/10
Staff Sexologist and Cultural Officer
Hahaha well we’ll get back to you on that dude. Turns out the reason a registered Ultra Brain Scientist didn’t have a clue what caused it is because yeah basically we don’t have a good theoretical or practical idea of what causes it. In fact, a couple papers dedicated any words to “parapyschological theories” like telepathy and astral projection. The weirdest part is how half-assed a lot of these are. I mean obviously Freud tossed out one about how you want to fuck something and your current situation is causing you to recall a repressed fantasy… which makes total sense! That’s why deja vu only ever occurs in situations that anyone would fantasize about and not in completely unremarkable ones. God it’s like he didn’t even finish listening to the description. There are a couple psychodynamic theories like that: it’s a defense mechanism, it’s dream residue, it’s wish fulfillment, etc. None of them make any actual testable predictions or in any way explain the reasoning or mechanism beyond saying it kind of sort of makes sense sometimes if you think of it like that. Good job Psychodynamics!
And for my favorite part... Dessert! I'm big on dessert, but I also enjoy them so much more when they have an inkling of healthiness (thats probably not a word, but ya know what I mean) to them.
However, there are disadvantages. This dream school comes with a hefty price tag. Even if we qualified for the largest amount of financial aid, it is still out of our league. Also, the commute would be awful. Sophia would have to take two different trains to get there with a commute of almost two hours each way. Plus, Sophia seems to want a potentially larger group of people to interact with.
I didn't take the job. It paid very well and I liked the company, but I'm still under a non-compete contract with my former employer and he won't let me out of it. I have 7 more months.
As I was looking at this sketch, I was immediately drawn to trying to ink up my new Up, Up, & Away set. It was one of my must haves when I first saw the new catalog. It's seriously cute and I know I will use it again and again. Anyway, here's what I came up with.
On my first project, Katahane, jp302 volunteered to edit my stuff easily, so I didn’t have to find any editors.
Perhaps the most impressive thing about Coples is his frame standing a strong 6-6 285 lbs. Coples numbers are down this year but that can largely be attributed to the double and even triple teams he has experienced at times this season. Teams are also doing a good job of using their RB’s to help chip before releasing out into their routes on Coples. Despite all this Coples numbers aren’t down that much and he has really starting to come on as of late. In this game Coples was in complete control and it was very easy to see his natural ability to effect the play on any down. One thing you notice when watching Coples is that he doesn’t exactly display the type of elite burst or get-off the line of scrimmage you would expect from an elite pass-rusher. You also notice that Coples tends to fire out of his stance a little high and his upright style can get him in trouble from time to time. This is not to say that Coples doesn’t display great athleticism and speed for his size, just that his burst and explosion off the line of scrimmage is not enough for tackles to be truely concerned with his speed around the corner. The area Coples excels at is utilizing his body and hands to create space between he and his defender to continually work the edge and force the QB up into the pocket. Coples is extremely effective at using his body lean and tight footwork/ankle flexibility to get below his opponent’s shoulder pads. He shows that he is very balanced, coordinated, and flexible and knows how to get after the QB despite his lack of true speed. In the run game Coples is your classic stack and shed player who knows how to hold the point and use his hands and leverage to routinely disengage from his defender and track down the ball carrier. Coples also did a nice job wrapping up and punching towards the football as he was able to jar the ball loose from RB David Wilson on more than one occasion in this game. Scouts have questioned Coples motor as he sometimes will stop pursuing and doesn’t show the type of consistent effort you would like from a top 10 player. However, in this game I saw a bit of both as Coples slowed up at times and at others kept pursuing to the football laying a vicious hit on an unexpecting RB on one occasion. It was also nice to see Coples get his hands up and deflect a pass when he knew he wasn’t going to make it to the QB. This was a game in which Virginia Tech left Coples in one on one situation more times than not and we saw exactly how impactful this big man can be when given these types of opportunities. There is no doubting Coples physical abilities and overall skills as he has the talent to become an impact player at the next level. While Coples may never be that true edge rusher in the NFL who puts up huge sack numbers, he has solid skills and size that will make him a very good pro. His ability to make an impact in both the run and pass game make him a complete player who can play all three downs as well. While he may not be the top 10 pick many projected him to be, this is still a very solid football player who should be the first player drafted at his position and come off the board within the top 15 picks if not sooner.
I've just posted my first submission and if you'd like to try it out and share your rating during the contest, please make and review it on Food.com by March 21st.
More, resources:
In the casting of successful resolutions,
Evidence of ‘fowl’ play
So saying the two brothers put the gear in a bag and tied it to the roof beam. Next they had to take leave of their two sons.
The new law made it illegal to rent out apartments in residential buildings for under 30 days. Owners of an apartment or a town house may still rent out one or two rooms, provided that they live in the home and everyone has access to common areas like the kitchen. Illegal hotels found by the city included small rental buildings, condos and town houses, and many of them were hiding in plain sight.
Then I saw over by the railings a small group of maybe ten people. Faces resurfacing from my memory of before Christmas when, in that enthusiastic few weeks before it started haemorraging momentum, the protest had drawn me down to Dame Street plaza every day.
-1 tsp agave nectar
Advocate Paul Hoffman SC, director of the Southern Africa Institute for Accountability said: “The usefulness of the project is … questionable. If Yengeni remains on the review committee, it could cogently be argued that the success of the project will depend on the size of the bribes.”
Happy Mother's Day.
These cupcakes were super-moist and had a very creamy texture and a perfect sour bite with the lime. I do believe I will have to be whipping up a batch myself come the 17th.
“The Thong Song” – Avril n her granny undies
Now back to the kitchen – and very soon back to the World! See you soon!
b) drinking 4+ cups of coffee a day
To calculate EV, times and apertures, times ago it was used the table you saw before, now it's used the built-in light meter provided in all he new generation cameras.
I started writing those
author interview segment, and are encouraged to participate in live chats with the authors
And so that’s the biggest (literally) BD-Box I’ve imported. Could the show have gotten a better upscale? Yes, but I didn’t order it for the visual quality. This set reminds me why I enjoy the franchise: it’s packed with a lot of fun things for everyone!
These included a public interest defence, a strengthened public interest override, a sufficiently limited definition of "national security", and a review of sections pertaining to almost all offences, such as the possession and disclosure of classified information.
And let’s not forget some indications that this very talented young man suffers from a lack of a studious nature when it comes to football, as well as reports of a need for some attitude adjustments.
Since Wednesday I have had terrible heartburn almost every night. I have had to build myself a little pillow mountain to sleep on, and Tums are my new candy of choice. I will be having a stern talk with you when I see you in Heaven pal! But... even though you are making me somewhat miserable in the night, I can't help but love you to pieces! You are wonderful and I love you with all my heart little guy! You will always be Colt's best little brother, because you'll be the only one that's perfect, being in Heaven and all. :-) I love you!
“This sounds like Christian fundamentalists want a kind of Sharia law.”
Well, it was last Sunday that I decided to pass San Francisco by--give it the slip--and head on down the coast to the Lighthouse at Montara, the Johnston House just south of Half Moon Bay, and all points between.
The program will include a mix of speakers from law firm and corporate practice, covering both substantive law and practice management topics. Some of the topics are:
A number of foreigners missing in New Zealand comprised wealthy individuals who were murdered for their money.
9. Due Date - Sucked
After several hours of strange things, Alex and I looked at each other and said at the exact same time, "It's time to go." Things were spiraling out of control at the bar and we were suddenly weirded out by a few of Barman's friends who had gone silent and were just staring at us.
Now fast forward about a month and a half and what do I come across in a DIFFERENT THRIFT STORE in an entirely DIFFERENT LOCATION?
Matthew 4:23-24… (KJV) “And Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease amount the people. And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they brought unto him all sick people who were taken with diverse diseases and torments, and those which were possessed with devils, and those which were lunatic, and those that had the palsy; and he healed them.” This scripture reveals the kinds of teaching, preaching and healing Jesus did.
When we arrived home I walked the small piece of coral around the house to see if it would work on any of our lamps, or if it was to go into the "one day" collection for future lamp finials! When I walked into the reading room and saw this antique Chinese blue and white double happiness ginger jar that we made into a lamp years ago, I knew it had found its home!
2 courtesans
바로 이 시간에도 그냥 나를 믿어봐 oh yeah
International Blowing Bubbles Day
India intrigued me---it's 14 if your married and it can be lowered, but 16 if you are not married----married at 14 or younger---come on.
I haven’t been in a rock club watching a live band in about a million years, so that in itself was cause for rumination. Everything looked the same: the fanboys bumming cigarettes from each other in the front row, the blond bartendress built like a fireplug, the looks of surprise and pleasure on the guitarist’s faces. The sweat. It’s a great world. I wonder how much longer it will last.
On Day 5, we changed the price from 99c to $1.99 at 10:00 am. We could have changed the price on Day 4, but Day 4 was Valentine's Day, and we didn't want to up the price on a holiday so closely themed with romance.
NOTE: All food review ratings are based on the initial date of review. Food quality may improve or deteriorate over time. Feel free to share your personal experience (respectfully) in the comments section.
Looking at the front it looks like the Bambino is already melting, most likely from being sealed in airtight plastic for 16 years.
Xbox Live Arcade games have seemingly been improving in quality as time moves on, and Anomaly: Warzone Earth appears to be no exception to this trend. 11 bit studios released the game for XBLA this weekend after the critically acclaimed success of the iOS version.
1. Buy paints that have ASTM ratings of II or I. Don't buy them if the rating is higher. If they don’t show ratings, or they don't list the pigment composition, assume they’re not lightfast and steer clear of them.
Another thing that I love about this movie is the soundtrack. Switchfoot, Jon Foreman, Toploader and Mandy Moore herself. In my opinion Nicholas Sparks did a wonderful jo, as always, he always makes me cry, but I read a litlle bit of the book and I didn’t like so much, but still AWESOME!
This one needs no explanation. It's Annie's signature song about her unbridled hope for a better tomorrow. Listen to the audience reaction at the end - Katie absolutely blew the roof off the theater here:
Live mercy new
rate
In Germany more than 30 000 Thai women are married to German men. But also in many other countries too.
And then I finally went to the dentist. I had my annual checkup (which I have missed for like the last four or five years) back in August, at which time I was told what needed to be done and the estimated cost for all of that. I would need at least three more appointments, and several hundred dollars for the first two, assuming that all went well and the insurance paid half and all of that. So, in August, I did not have several hundred dollars twice over, much less four times over if the insurance did not pay, which was not very likely but something I might have to be prepared for just in case. So I did not make those appointments in August, cause I said that I would have to talk to my husband and find out when we would have the money, and when we would be in town, and so forth. My husband was also supposed to have had his "annual" checkup that day in August, but his schedule was changed and he went out of town, and so he was not there for a while to have this discussion about the money. So I told the lady at the dentist office that I would call her back, but then I did not call her back for a very long time. First, we went out of town a lot, for most of September. And then my first week home I had a lot to do and went to visit Buddy and the baby. And then the week after that, my back hurt, and I was in such pain that I could only rest in certain positions, and the dentist office chair was not one of those positions. So I did not think that I could stand being in the dentist chair long enough for him to get any work done, so I continued to put it off until after Halloween. When a week went by without serious back pain, I finally called the dentist office to make an appointment, and they said that they could see me the following Monday. I should have scheduled the crown first and gotten it over with, but I didn't. I've had two of those before, and I was in pain the whole time between getting the temporary crown and getting the permanent crown. So I just needed a bit more time to get mentally used to the idea, and also I had to schedule it so that if I were in serious pain for the whole two weeks before getting the permanent crown that I wouldn't be missing anything important. They were wondering if I could come in that Thursday.
I have found a deep and meaningful connection with my spouse that wouldn't exist if we were still doing it like we did when we were dating. For that I am grateful. I also know that men and women have different needs, and our desires fluctuate. I need to make more of an effort to show him that I love him in every way.
Remember to breathe!
Signed, Accepting No Substitutes since 2011
I'm going to miss you old friend. But I can't wait to meet your younger sister.
I'm off to go link up now. Why don't you come along and join us?
Now, what to do with it? I loved how it looked, but was pretty scratchy yarn. I decided to make some kind of container with it. I haven't done any crochet in a long time, and I'm happy to report, that my hands could handle the whole bag without too much pain. Well, yes, I made a drawstring bag.
So this year I’m going to try to make a real effort to see some of these ancient monuments. This isn’t a travel blog, but that’s fine. The ancient castles and buildings have been part of the landscape for hundreds of years and in many cases have had a major impact upon the rural economy and surrounding countryside. That, and those moody battlements and damp dungeons, is what interests me.
The most fascinating part of the movie occurs when she is posted to Europe and acquires a French lover.
Card Info
McSherry and Rodriguez quickly killed both of the guerillas that charged out of cover to assault them at close range. Meanwhile Ben Eli and Mahan were attacked by three guerillas poking their heads up over some dunes Northeast of the squad. Ben Eli quickly ran out of ammo as he tried to lay down covering fire with his rifle. Mahan shot a grenade that took out one of the guerillas. The others ducked back.
Do you believe that your brother’s murder could have been averted?
There are a lot of thinks I would have liked to see done different. The opening prologue/introduction with convoluted layers of narrative, is the clunkiest part of the film. It winds up having a flashback within a flashback/framing sequence. They could have gotten all those elements in, but streamlined it. Dialogue could always be a bit punchier in these sorts of things, and the mean of some terms could have been better conveyed to the uninitiated. While the costume design or the design for the Green Men aren't exactly what I would have wanted, they turn out okay, and are really just different choices. The design of the Martian cities, though, seems to be a bit of a misstep as it's rather plain and block, and exhibits no particular sense of wonder. Faithful woola hit the right notes, but the comedy doggishness of the character could have been dialed back from "11" to a "8-9."
passed and Thorn stretched as the end of the night approached.
Post 129 of 180
During 2 days of clinics held in the Santa Cruz Municipal Salon, 103 dogs and cats were treated, which included 25 animals brought by private boat from Jaibalito.
I have one more thing to thank her for in this post. She never let me read the hundreds of trashy novels geared towards girls my age.
"I think we did that already."
One thing we all agreed on though. We love the feeling of independence and the sense of freedom we get from traveling and living in an RV
8 Is your weight problem due to your "nibbling" all day long?
Crown’s glosses, matts and silks spill over,
Both are smooth to the lips, not too greasy or sticky.
As for your mother-in-law: If it turns out the church doesn’t have as strict a policy as she does/wishes, it’s your wedding so wear what you want to wear and don't talk about your wedding dress in front of her. On the big day she'll be too busy greeting her guests that she probably won't notice or mention your neckline.
Fermentation will naturally proceed quite vigorously at first and will begin to slow after a certain point, eventually coming to a halt once the consumable sugar content has been depleted. For that reason, brewers of high-gravity beers will continuously make small additions of sugar to feed the yeast and keep it alive and active, sometimes for weeks or months.
This is said to be the sublime abiding.
Watch: Black calculator watch from CASIO
Though the wind hath fallen they drift along;
Thinking like a cunning coyote, I outsmarted Diesel, Fritz, and their spotlights. I made it into town.
$1.00 off TWO Kellogg's Frosted Mini-Wheats
You can make this roast stuffed or not. I've never made it not stuffed, but I imagine it would be sort of like a big slab of seitan if you did it that way. Not that this is a bad thing, necessarily but for me, I think part of what's great about is that it doesn't seem so heavy with the stuffing in the middle and it's not nearly as scary for any non-veg*ns you might be eating with. If you're not going to stuff this, you can just put it in a loaf pan to bake if you want it to retain its shape. Otherwise, you can just form it a loaf shape and put it in a baking pan like you'll do with the stuffed one.
It looks like my throw is going to be twin sized!
Zombies vs. Robots. Pirates vs. Ninjas. Man vs. Bear. These allegorical confrontations accept continued captured the absorption of the public, mainly because they anniversary approach into humanity’s congenital admiration to see things exhausted anniversary added up. Monsters vs. Aliens, the video-game adjustment of the hit film, brings accession one of these ballsy conflicts to people’s animate apartment as it allows you to yield ascendancy of three uniquely-powered creatures who are aggravating to save the Earth from a awful extra-terrestrial menace.
Afterward, the Wichman family came up. They are the Ambassador Family for the QC area, and dad Jim shared the story about the youngest Rhett, who was born 5 weeks early and spent 23 days in the NICU.
Let me precede this piece by saying, I am or was guilty of each and every single thing I am about to outline. As a writer I am immersed in a world of writers. A hopeless and very fruitless life pursuit(for the 99%). The unending flow of hopeless writers and aspiring to be hopeless writers is almost depressing.
Thank you ladies for all the great input.
We pounced on it.
p143
A man bit off another man's nose in a fight in a South Carolina Burger King drive-through, and then bragged about it, deputies said. According to the police report, 38-year-old Gary Eastwood was behind Tommy Easterling at the Burger King on Tuesday.
There you go. Unschooling.
12. Individuality. Ideally, a well-lived life should lead to the unfolding of all the person’s potentialities in an integrated, complex personality (provided such a person is also linked to others according to the ties specified in Section I. above). What turning points, at different stages of one’s life, are most important in this process of development?
Ra Ra Riot - Oh, La
As I reflect over these past few weeks of giving thanks I am reminded of what an awesome God we serve. And I am reminded that God doesn't just bless us so that we can count them all- He blesses us so that we can in return bless others.
However, there is a silver lining to this story. While The Citrus Grille will be closing after Valentine’s Day weekend, Christianson will be opening a new restaurant in nearby Ho-Ho-Kus, New Jersey, in a newly constructed space in the Fall of 2010. So think of this post as a preview of great things to come, and not a goodbye.
…understand what I say: the blood of that circumcision is obsolete, and we trust in the blood of salvation; there is now another covenant, and another law has gone forth from Zion. Jesus Christ circumcises all who will—as was declared above—with knives of stone; that they may be a righteous nation, a people keeping faith, holding to the truth, and maintaining peace.[1]
Then after a quick chill in the fridge, I used the rose cake method from I Am Baker to pipe my roses all over the cake. (I've used her rose cake method a few times already, see here and here, and I still love the look every time). I started by piping the top of the cake, then I piped the sides, and then I filled in any gaps with little swoops and swirls.
She has no one single friend.
There was an impromptu brick though.
Until I got to the office.
It is beautiful, because it is in memory. It is beautiful because it is only a memory. Tinted with jasmines in the night, the memory still sends their scent wafting through the air. And then I can almost smell her. As I stood using the gate for moral support, it was as though the essence of the flowers were her very own essence, and I remembered her more.
I saw this over on Bonita Rose's blog 'A Life Unrehearsed' and for some reason, despite starting a new job, I decided it would be a great thing to join in with :) If you fancy joining in too, you sign up here. There's no pressure, just a good challenge to have a go at. I've invested in some luggage tags so that's going to be my minimum, and hopefully by the end of the month I'll have completed a number of them and maybe some pages and pockets for them to go into :)
1. Tawheed ar-Ruboobeeyah
So for this image of A I have chosen an image of the closest angel I know, my daughter. For anyone who is interested I have also included a couple of youtube videos that have been produced by Sam Vallins and honestly they made me cry. I was so touched that my daughter has a voice like this. Hope you too can spend some time here and listen and hear my angel first hand.
Condemnation
So, while I was perusing my Twitter Timeline on this particular day, I caught R.L. Stine’s Tweet this week saying this:
And, stay tuned to this blog 'cuz in just a couple weeks you're gonna be getting horror short stories by yours truly and (hopefully) these other guys, too. Also, free!
Now there is something I don’t like about Saudi Arabia. I don’t like it that I am not able to drive here. I like it sometimes when all the responsibilities I had in the US i.e. taking kids to doctors, getting groceries and miscellaneous stuff gets transferred to my husband. But I don’t like it when I need to get out just for entertainment or when I need to get something badly – I have no one to drive me. I don’t like taxis or the money spent on them so I stay away from that option. My husband has gone to the USA for a conference and my daughter from college in the States has come to Saudi Arabia for her summer vacation. I like to go out perhaps to a mall or to some place outdoors or maybe to a book store but I feel very handicapped since my husband is not around. We do have the compound bus that takes the residents to various shopping areas but I would rather drive when I feel like it. I know I am spoiled but I really like to get that aspect of my independence back.
Exile on the Planet of the Apes #2
In my hospice ministry, the majority of people I serve identify themselves as some sort of Christian. And most of those are Protestant. It may have been 30 years since they darkened the door of a church, but they believe in God and heaven and express hope in going there. When you are facing death, this belief is quite helpful. When you life is measured in days or hours, there is not much left on earth to hope for.
And that, in my mind, is shameful.
Also, think about how the psychology of voting changes with this approach. Once a coach knows he can’t game the system with an absurdly high vote for a school (maybe to enhance the chances for a BCS crasher like Hawai’i or to improve a school’s strength of schedule by lifting other schools’ rankings), it forces him to face his vote in a more rational context. In other words, unless enough of his peers agree with his evaluation of a particular school’s merit, his vote won’t have sufficient impact. That should reduce his incentive to rig the voting.
This theory may seem absolutely absurd to you, but I honestly think Gilmore Girls had an impact on all these young births. That and misuse of birth control (which is beside the point lol). Just to clarify, I am not a Gilmore Girls hater--it is one of my favorite shows.
CSAs require a large up-front cash layout and lock you into eating whatever happens to be delivered. Farmers’ markets vary vastly in size and quality, from those that enforce requirements on farm-size and distance to those that don’t seem to hold vendors to any standards at all. It’s dismaying to discover resellers at “farmers’” markets; for all you know, they bought their wares at Safeway that morning.
* The Producer Price Index (PPI) is expected to have increased by 1.0% in March, down from the 1.6% increase it posted in February. Most of the increases are likely to come from higher food and especially energy prices. Stripping out those volatile components and the increase is expected to be only 0.2%, matching a 0.2% increase last month. Those numbers are for finished goods. The report also includes data on prices further up the production chain. Most likely the increases at the intermediate and crude levels of production will be higher, indicating potential price pressures down the road. Inflation has generally been higher at the producer level than at the consumer level. In theory, that should indicate some pressure on corporate profit margins, but so far we have seen very little evidence of this happening as net margins continue to rise dramatically. The rapid rise in productivity and falling unit labor costs have more than offset rising input costs.
bands and artists out there, I wish I could name them all,
Today I talked with Robert for a long time. Or at least it seemed a long time, anyway. I listened while he talked about life, the various variety of religious and psychedelic experiences, art, art school and love. We talked about what women have to do or give up if they want to have children. That's never actually seemed real to me before and it made me afraid. I want to have children. I won't give up art. Or love. Or would I? I can't believe in the counting anymore. That there's only one equation.
Yes, the series does move through the centuries. In fact it comes right up to date in the next book, Bloodstone, and that gave me a few obstacles when it came to mood and atmosphere. Firebrand, when I wrote it as a sort of prequel to the others, changed everything, and I realised I would have to change the next three books a huge amount. I don’t mind, though. I like these characters and I like spending time with them, so it was far from a chore – more like a good excuse.
For those who participated, how was your A-Z Challenge experience? Are you planning to do it again next year? If so, have any theme ideas hit you already, if you use themes*?
Hope everyone is having a good week. I'm going to try to get part 2 of this done and up later in the week, so check back!
“Thank you, God,” Mister Rogers said
In the coming blog entries, I will highlight any money saving techniques we’re practicing, kid-friendly craft ideas and what’s on the menu around here. We love to cook and that’s something we’ll always burn our cash on.
The most unpleasant surprise for non-admitted patients is the cost of drugs. Susan Jaffe of Kaiser Health News recently documented examples of patients charged much more for common drugs than they would have paid at a local pharmacy. A patient in Boca Raton, Fla., for instance, was charged $71 for a blood pressure pill for which her neighborhood pharmacy charges 16 cents...
I am nothing more than scattered letters in an unknown blog
Misc: Pop dots, Silhouette
touched someone who needed just what I had to offer this day...
“California, San Francisco, August 31, 1854. For malt liquors the demand is not so active as it was a month ago, although it is at all times considerable, and on the increase. Large sales of J. & R. Tennent’s bottled ale have been, during the last fortnight, at 3 dols. 62 cents to 3 dols. 75 cents per dozen, and a sale of about 300 hhds. of the same brand in wood, to arrive, at 60 dols. per hhd. This brand has a larger sale, and is more sought after than any other in the market, from its being peculiarly adapted to the warm climate of the interior, and is much used in San Francisco also.”
Guilty pleasure? I am very much Anne Elliot of Persuasion in this matter. I love the company “of clever, well-informed people, who have a great deal of conversation.”
14th Street and Constitution Avenue, NW
I'm back to work now ... which is good .... but I kinda got used to being home.
Do I have the definitive answer to How To Write A Serial? I wish I could offer you a formula. Damn it if I knew it I wouldn’t have had all those rejections in among the successes! The truth is that no matter how many successful ones I write the process doesn’t get any easier. Just recently for example, with my latest serial, “Breaking The Rules” which also comes out on 1st February, I ended up writing episode one four times before I got it right.
The two of us stood there and waving hands and blowing kisses to our loved ones. How time flies when you are having fun. I wish I could turn back time and re-start all over again. We stayed at the station until the train departed and until we no longer saw the train. We shook hands and said goodbye wistfully.
For a while, I thought there were only two products with a taste typical of gin (rather than genever or juniper spirit) that had such a protection:***
After about 40 minutes of that my midwife started cleaning my bed off, she told me we we're going to try something she didn't typically try. I sat down on tons of towels laid over my bed while my midwife instructed me to lay on my back, my chin tucked into my chest and Marc holding back one leg, my sisters taking turns with the other. She told me to direct all of my energy to pushing.
(EXTREMELY cheese quote courtesy of Harding University Basketball Announcers!)
We had to be hard – conditions demanded it. There was no room for mollycoddling and teenaged slackassery. We couldn’t lie around in our underpants all day levelling up in Donkey Kong and text messaging our idiot friends. We were too busy rendering sheep fat, toting ice blocks and extracting our own teeth for that kind of foolishness. Our “down time” was getting dressed up in flour sack suits and attending the funerals of siblings who had died of dust pneumonia.
Every single Rocky film that has ever been written had its script played out in full Champions League Technicolor fanfare as Chelsea the home-town, school of hard knocks-educated misfit somehow managed to defy all the odds and put the well-groomed, and expertly disciplined Champ away.
Do you like to smell good? Of course you do! No one likes a Stinky Stanley! Cari, who owns Coquette Bath, aims to fix your Stinky Stanley problem. She makes homemade soaps and fragrances out of her home. Check out her interview below! Her links are after the interview.
Today I had to make a wedding card. The colours for this special occasion were white and a green that was VERY close to Sage Shadow I went digging to see what I could come up with.
717 **D-III/9/1976. “Alternatives to Censorship.” The Society of Midland Authors, The Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1979(7), above, pp. 745-54.)
Where is Milena?
Personally I found it incredibly empowering. Having grown up in southern California, I have seen a variety of messages from the media and my peers about appearance. To my knowledge as a teenage, active woman, I had never seen advertisements that promoted being fit and healthy over skinny.
In the end, it all deals with context. Obviously, going into an interview, talking in slang or “ebonics”, we’re most likely going to sound ignorant or uneducated. We’re trying to sell ourselves, and we should sound intelligent and reliable. School is another great place to show off our talents and skills with language. It’s the way we communicate with the teachers and other classmates that we understand the source material.
Saturday dawned cloudy and cold, but the thrifting team of Kelli and Holly was not to be deterred. We saw two huge thrift stores – organized, clean, gigantic. The most stunning find was a wooden house from the Moravian College collection out of dear old Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. Holly snapped it up for her office for less than $1 and we smiled about the coincidence.
As Marc Edwards carries out the investigation rather than the local police due to the victim being an American to avoid political repercussions, the clues begin to surface: some red herrings and others most intriguing. The ending does come as a bit of a surprise but fits in well with the norms of the time.
Heat the oil in a pan, when the oil becomes hot and the fumes start coming, lower the heat to medium low, add the cumin seeds and the bay leaf. add the potato cubes and fry them till golden brown, add the turmeric and coriander powders and fry some more about 2 to 3 mins. Once the masalas are fried (the masalas will look brown and oil will start to separate on the sides), add the grated garlic, both the pulp and the juice and fry for a minute or two more. Stir continuously otherwise the masala may burn, if it becomes too dry, add a few drops of water. Then add the steamed cabbage shreds, the chopped tomatoes, green chillies and the green peas. Mix thoroughly with the potatoes and the masalas. Let the whole thing cook for a couple of minutes, add the sugar and salt to taste. Once the sugar and salt is incorporated, remove from the heat. Add the ghee/clarified butter and sprinkle some garam masala powder. Your cabbage Bengali way is ready. It is usually served with khichuri or even with rotis or parathas.
To make matters worse, the papers that were leaked actually were quite easy. On a scale of 1 -10, those papers would hardly make a proper 1.5, easy paper gone, blog comeback ruined. Life gone to the dogs.
I asked my brother for books about heroes. Heroes come in all shapes and sizes. I read Tony Cascarino’s ghosted “Full Time” and Christy O’Connor’s wonderful snapshot of a year in the life of a GAA club “The Club”. Now I moved on to a book he selected because of what I said about Jon Krakauer’s “Into The Wild”. That book is a wonderful account of the life of Chris McCandless but the stand-out chapter is the one about Krakauer himself attempting The Devil’s Thumb.
…Patterns began to emerge in a follow-up study of more than 600 trauma survivors. People reported positive change in five areas: they had a renewed appreciation for life; they found new possibilities for themselves; they felt more personal strength; their relationships improved; and they felt spiritually more satisfied. Tedeschi developed an inventory to track and measure the phenomenon, and in 1995, he and Calhoun coined the term “post-traumatic growth.” Experiencing growth in the wake of trauma, Tedeschi asserts, is far more common than P.T.S.D. and can even coexist with it….
#whateverhappendtoParisHilton?
But this isn't cheese vocals coupled with the most radio-friendly backing track; its something more sinister - something more underground and dark.
Still no luck, call the cops, it's time for step 5.
Here are some sneaks :)
LT: Scottish songwriters are doing rather well at the moment. Guys like Aidan Moffat playing with Bill Wells, and King Creosote playing with Jon Hopkins. Do you think this is just the musical landscape, or does it go deeper to a tradition of Scottish songwriters?
Salt, pepper, or other spices
“Yes, of course, Gordon. After all, you are at least 90 years old. Perhaps you have a sister or daughter who would be able to join you?”
Cup, Saucer, and Charger I bought a few years ago from TJ Max
Consider that the global consumption is running at 89 million barrels a day. So 60 million will cover it for a bit more than 16 hours. According to the US Energy Information Administration, the average daily consumption of crude oil in the US was 18.7 million barrels in 2009 and 19.15 million in 2010. So the US portion represents about a day and a half’s worth of oil.
Finish off. Flatten edge and sew on to bottom part of body, evenly spaced
In a statement he declared "It was all Jellytussle's fault and I knew nuffink about it - nor did my dear friend, its chief editor, Hitmouse. He is also completely innocent and just thought Jellytussle had found the telephone numbers in a bin.
Here you go, home-wrecker.
Peppermint Chocolate Pudding
What approach is most likely to work with you?
Whether we are going into school to teach SRE, or run an after school or lunchtime club, we are visitors. Some schools will make us feel really welcome and it will almost feel like home, and other schools will be more like unwilling hosts. As visitors, we should remember to take nothing for granted. For example, I always ask before using a teacher’s equipment, whether it is a pencil or an interactive whiteboard. I make sure that I am polite and friendly to the office staff and any other staff I interact with. I always leave the classroom just as I found it, if not better, and thank the classroom teacher for having me. In other words, I try to be the kind of visitor that someone would invite back. What things do you do as a visitor in a school?
"never... i like my handwriting but i'm scared to ruin the cards lol xxx
When we met Kasey at the Q, she went to will call and got our 'tickets'. Our tickets were a laminate that said VIP and the tickets to our seats were wristbands that said VIP 7:30. I was amazed, but then again, I was just expecting to see the show from a better seat than I had last year when I paid for them.
Dallas Cowboys: A
They were terribly sorry,
In a large bowl whisk the egg whites and cream to tartar together until foamy. Weigh out half the caster sugar and slowly add to the egg whites, whisking constantly until thick and glossy. Set aside.
Me: Do you know how sick those people are and that they can’t walk with us here today?
Well, I am back from my weekend away. I will post a little bit later about it all but needless to say it was very entertaining and had a fab time.
On Saturday night I was doing the washing up and happened to glance out of the window to see a sliver of new moon like a smile (or a cereal bowl) in the night sky. Aha, Silent Sunday! I thought and rushed to get my camera. However, on posting the picture, there was more to it than I had originally realized.
Don’t wait, submit your talent to our database, or if you are a casting director search our database today and search for free for the nation’s top talented background extras, actors and actresses! United we stand!
6/5/09 – Bottled ten 650ml bottles, ten 22oz bottles and seven 500 ml bottles which is about 4.6 gallons. Used 8.7oz of corn sugar which came out to about 4.3 volumes of CO2.
This story begins in 2008 when Nadia Plesner, a Danish artist began selling t-shirts in aid of the campaign in Darfur. She was concerned “about how the media works and why there are so many reports about big stars and totally no coverage of a situation like that in Darfur... The bag was there as a status symbol… It was just a way of showing the child off as a bit of a celebrity.”
I started feeling a lot better. I reduced it even further. I immediately noticed that my skin was better, my stomach felt better, I was less bloated, I didn't spend hours in the bathroom every morning. Within a month my depression had lifted. Within two months, my lady-cycle was regular.
One of the high points of the performance at the Tricycle was the reading of a poem by John and a simultaneous translation into Somali by Abukhar which he did very fluently.
The Motto for P is
our souls are happy
"Stand up!"
life-altering method to habitualize mundane everyday tasks and incrementally improve happiness and well-being over time
He was being filmed too, so of course I had to ask what was going on. Apparently the Driving Standards Agency are making a new video highlighting road safety which will be available on YouTube by the end of the month.
I think Gremlins is the perfect holiday’s film, because depict, in a fantastic way, what a holiday is when the family came together: Mayhem.
Over the past decade, if there is one story that is absolutely astounding, unexpected, and in complete disjunction with the opinion of experts, it is the incredible resilience of television.
My former chiropractor turned Transformational Specialist, Dr. Greg, uses a special kinesiology technique to help break me through this mindset. To stop this voice in my head that directs me to indecision and guilt. Part of the kinesiology therapy is to actually act out against these voices. To ignore them. Be a kid for 24 hours again; 6-year-olds don’t hear those voices. My assignment is to think like that 6-year-old and do whatever I want! Not to think about the judgement, the consequences or anything. Have guilt-free fun and explore.
1 Tbs. chopped chives
Other suggestions for cool teen lunches are:
This is true for the gospel of the grace of God remains a threat to all religions just as it did when Paul first began to preach it. It is as stated in Ephesians 2:8-9. “For by grace are ye saved through faith and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God, Not of works lest any man should boast.” Jesus Christ remains the only Saviour.
One of the things I love and miss about Hong Kong (or perhaps this applies to Asia in general) are the unusual foods that are available. About half of the snaps I've taken below and grouped together in this dessert post are Japanese snacks. Japanese cuisine and culture are extremely popular in Hong Kong and is evident in the many Japanese supermarket chains and department stores that make up some of the main shopping destinations in the thriving city.
1. ASSIGN YOURSELF A DIFFERENT TASK FOR EACH DAY.
Coming from Portugal, ‘David Roped’ featured already ith enough support from labels the likes of Baroque, Aenaria and Kult among others, debuts in Progrezo with a deep-techy house gem, properly to start motors with class. ‘Give Me’ is one of those tracks that could be played in any and every DJ set, from deep-house beats and minimal textures, to tech-house and techno peak-times ambiances.
OK, that's it for the update. Here's hoping everyone everywhere is safe and having a wonderful week!
It gets me into trouble.
Therapist: When is the trip? Disneyland?
Thank you Java for hosting again this week. Remember to be kind to each other. Do something nice this week for someone...just because you can. Don't expect anything in return. See what happens.
What I did know then was that that organ really got its hooks in me, right down to the bones.
Combine soy sauce (or Bragss Amino Acids) and sesame or garlic oil. Brush on top of crackers. Bake at 400 degrees F for 10 to 20 minutes, depending on thickness of crackers, until browned and crispy.
Awareness pendants I have are:
We are the Soma generation…
Combine the flour and baking powder, set aside. Cream the sugar and butter. Add the egg and extracts and mix. Gradually add the flour mixture and beat just until combined, scraping down the bowl, especially the bottom.
First of all, our winner from last week is
Never before has the idea of someone’s eyes ‘lighting up’ been so perfectly illustrated. Neurologist, Dr Oliver Sacks, explaines that through the power of music Henry has “remembered who he is… for a while.” Sacks provides a systematic narrative with as much verve and exubrance as the newly rediscovered Nonagenarian, himself.
That’s not what this chart shows at all. Comparing the S&P 500 index of the leading U.S. companies to the economy shows violent swings. In the last bull market, the differential was over 10%! That’s enormously overvalued. In the 1970s it was a differential of over -10%. That’s a severe undervaluation. Today, we have moved back into line — annualized returns on the S&P since 1998 are about the same as nominal GDP growth over that span.
-Easier to create posts from mobile device.
As the paddycake was coming to a close, one of the young girls leaned over to Lindsay and asked, "Why just one song?" Apparently, they were confused why they just were chanting, "Down, together, left, together..." and were ready to move to more complex moves. Next time we'll have to add the baker's man.
Background Stamp (Unity Stamp Co. Vintage Chic Kit)
What had shifted in the stars above,
I work from home and I’m home all the time. I need to get out. His work schedule was so demanding that the only time he could manage to get over here was late at night after working. He needed to relax, and was tired. He needed to be fed, sometimes to do his laundry. It just didn’t feel like we were dating. I wasn’t getting out of the house and living life. I needed more of him there too but he had to work and I understood that. I knew it would not change either.
Downloads:
(another England-obsessed hippy chick): a wild and free femininity,
Yes, you do!
Within a few seconds, one can tell if they're silent types or not. Yes, it is odd standing next to someone at a baggage carousel for thirty minutes without passing a word. Equally oddly, for someone who loves words, this doesn't bother me in the least. In fact, I would rather remain silent than be forced into a conversation in which I cannot fully participate or listen to jibberish silence-filler.
The Many Ways That Matthew Gets His Sleep:
Now close your eyes and take 5 long deep breaths and simply relax feeling your Breath for atleast five to ten minutes.
For a little context here, Oakland has to have one of the most temperate climates in the universe. If the mid-day temperature falls below 60 degrees or rises above 72, we're talking severe weather. If a light drizzle is falling, people run for cover and Priuses start slamming into each other.
Next item is provided by Snail Mail Crafts, They specialize in packaging and their line of products is gorgeous! Winner will receive a 10-pack of assorted designs CD/DVD Cases.
To this end, for the past three years, Randy has been writing his autobiography.
My life feels like it's being put through one of my dad's old garden sieves and the ground is smooth and fertile beneath. Those old bits of pottery and rock and straw are slowly being put at the end of my life's drive.
SLB: Kevin Burnett
NMEIE Blog (nmeieblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
I left the cake to cool in the tin and then tipped it out on to a wire rack to cut into pieces. Although the edges had made a vague attempt to rise, the middle had offered only a pitiful effort. It really was as flat as a pancake! To try to prettify the situation, I followed Mary's suggestion and dusted some icing sugar over the top. I was pleasantly surprised when I finally took a bite. The treacle wasn't as strong as I had feared; it seemed to have mellowed a little in the oven. It had a vague toffee flavour. The best part for me was the texture of this traybake. It was dense and a little chewy but, at the same time, it almost melted in my mouth! It was very different to what I am used to! I can imagine that it would go very nicely with a warm bowl of custard. I wonder if it might work better as a dessert than a cake!
Other things:
As I have been thinking about this aspect of art/school life I’ve come across some great ideas that, if persevered with, will enable the drawing and creative process.
Manga comics, neon signs and crazy game shows with over-the-top on screen graphics all come to mind when we look into Japanese pop culture, and Peach seems to happily fit in this youth demographic of this ultra-modernist country.
Use the word correctly or I will hunt you down and do unpleasant things to you. But I digress.
Then there is also the idea that truth is a matter of perspective. N has been telling people that our marriage ended because I came out. I believe that I came out because our marriage ended. Neither one of us is lying. She genuinely would have lived out her life married to me, miserable that I had kept her from the man she loved, yet finding a way to love me on some level, as she had up to this point. So, she is telling the truth when she says that she did not choose to end the marriage until I came out.
I feel like I have a long ways to go decorating wise! I am just not sure what all I want yet! I would really like to find a coffee table or some sort of ottoman! I saw this palette coffee table on Pinterest and fell in love with the idea!
So I eventually plucked up the courage to go into one of my local TML shops (we had two), and they measured me up and said I needed 36 inch sleeves but only needed a 16 or 16½ inch collar. To be quite honest I didn’t quite believe the measurement. I’d been a 17½ for two decades and had never found a size 16 shirt which didn’t have sleeves that were comically short. The big surprise for me was discovering that TML offers each shirt size with at least 3 different sleeve lengths, and in some cases 4. Moreover, this was the advent of slim fit shirts so those with a relatively slim build could have a shirt which wasn’t too big across the chest and waist.
a bunch of fresh cilantro
Ask about a non-resident library card if you live outside of the library's service area. I invest $50 annually in a library card at the metro system in the next county and it is more than worth it, even with the 30-minute drive. I can easily borrow books from any branch in the system and have them delivered to the branch closest to me for pick-up. This bigger library system also offers more services, such as an InterLibrary Loan program that is willing to track down books from all over the country.
1/4 teaspoon of cinnamon
but, his son said, his "great Excellence lay in
5. We all tend to hang out together in the kitchen/dining area instead of going our separate ways in other parts of the house.
It leads me to the idea that maybe a lot of the people who dropped by love literature. Or good writing. Which leads me to the thought that maybe they also love classics. Or maybe they don’t (but that’s okay). Which leads me to the thought of asking for advice: to read classics or not to read classics?
while…
A watercolor by Post-Impressionist master Paul Cezanne, missing for nearly six decades before being found recently in Texas, fetched $19.12 million Tuesday at Christie’s auction house in New York.
The opposition especially Congress for Progressive Change and Action Congress of Nigeria have asked the ruling party umpteenth times to unmask those behind Boko Haram. It is common knowledge within the opposition parties that the ruling party is using the Boko Haram to get at each other. The problem is that it gets far deeper than meets the eye. The PDP cannot afford to expose their Boko Haram members for fear of political recession. The entire nation is fed with lies while the bloodletting continues.
15) Philadelphia Eagles: DT Dontari Poe
Eating yummy homemade birthday cake with friends and family.
All in a day’s work, my friends.
Think upon these things and when you feel that you want to help Mankind, send out love to those who are clearly in need. The results may not be instantaneous but be assured that it helps even if they take time to be seen. The Light can be built upon such as when you use it to protect yourself. If you are not already a beacon of Light, practice seeing yourself as one and you will surely create it around you. You will also find that you will attract other souls of a like kind, as they will sense your higher vibrations. Imagine if everyone around you was of the Light, and you will begin to get a feel of what it is like to be in the higher dimensions. Do not limit your expectations as to what Ascension means to you, as it will set you free from all of the conflicts and problems that beset you now on Earth. In the future you will want for absolutely nothing, and you will find that the Creator has provided for you in every conceivable way.
Herman Cain and Sarah Palin are only in the political arena to raise the public awareness of their names. This in turn will sell many, many books for the both of them.
In one of two changes to the team that finished third in Hong Kong last weekend, Afrika was replaced by Renfred Dazel, who will now play sweeper in Tokyo.
OG=1.051@72F
just follow the link and go to the site for login (in first line):
The Carthusian Misereatur showed an example of some mediaeval missals in adding “through the intercession of the Blessed Virgin Mary and all the saints”. In one mediaeval manuscript, this is greatly expanded as “Brothers and sisters, through the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ, through the aid of the sign of the holy cross, through the intercession of the blessed and glorious ever-Virgin Mary, and the merits of the blessed apostles Peter and Paul, Blessed Michael (the) archangel, blessed Martin, and all the saints (masc.) and saints (fem.) may the almighty God have mercy on you, forgive you all your sins and bring you (through) Jesus Christ, Son of God to eternal life.
Baking soda (1/2 tbsp. for every 2 liters or 1/2 gallon of water)
Year I created her: 1995
★ 12月29日 NEO VOLTAGE (16:30, need to get ticket)
The kitties cry out, “Oh Santa, noes!
It took me two years...but I finally wrote an 'About Me' page,
Western Civilisation was founded on Judeo-Christianity. It was born near here, on the slopes of Mt Sinai where Moses received The Ten Commandments, and it is defended here, in Israel, the focal point of Islam’s attack upon the West.
The panelists made many revealing connections between women’s movements across the globe. Yet, and again, for all the common threads, in each country women are up against very different dynamics of power, and what is making progress in Bangladesh, will not work in Egypt, for instance. Perhaps most striking—more deconstruction of Western assumptions—were the Islamist panelists, all prominent female intellectuals, who do not see women’s rights as excluded by religion.
Since I got back, I haven’t played much World of Warcraft. I’m probably going to take another small break from it again, at least until Cataclysm is released. If I don’t take a full-on-break, I’m definitely will be cutting down on my time spent in WoW. Saturday was the first time I’ve logged into WoW for more than 30 seconds… not to mention it was only the third time I’ve logged in since I got back. It had been so long since I played a computer game, let alone WoW & Deathengine that it took some getting used to again, haha. It probably didn’t help that I was really tired from spending the day walking around Park Ave Fest.
For what know I of how they feel in quest of food, or flight from foe?
3. Share What You Got (But Keep What You Need)
Interactions with people are forced i feel like i’m pouncing on people then talk about nothing.
Jonah thought he might be dreaming. He didn't want to get up.
The straightest historical fiction on the list, Tides of War is about a war I know little about, the Peninsular War of 1812-1815. It's about a couple, Harriet and James, as James leaves to join the Duke of Wellington's troops and Harriet gets a taste of the freedom available for women left behind.
She dreamt of skin. Smooth, not undulating…pearly pink but ruddy once under the heat of the noonday sun. Sometimes when the others had crawled inside the crevices of their rock, their bodies curled tight as if seeking for warmth, she’d go up just shy of the glimmering surface. Chin tilted up, eyes squinting, letting the dappled, layered light filter through the water to touch her face.
A committee of 22 community members and 11 Halton District School Board staff members has worked over a number of months to come up with the best boundary solution.
"They are relatively new on the Gold Coast scene but seem to be involving themselves in some scary things,'' a source said.
And on that note I’m going to eat some leftover lasagne, and catch up on this weeks Masterchef finals. I’m pretty certain that with these heightened emotions and the manipulative use of emotional music I will be crying my eyes out when they surely crown Shalina the winner. Masterchef gets me every time, better take my make up off first!
is a grey horse called Bauer
Other than that, it was a day of sales and picnics and school vacation. It was the start of summer, a sign that the school year was finally over. Memorial Day was the light shining on the short tunnel to summer freedom. And we thought of ourselves as the good ones. We’d gone to the parade, hadn't we? And we didn’t really know any veterans or men/women serving in the army, so they were, like the wars America fought on some distant shore, remote and unreal.
Scheiden und Meiden
So I ask: what is your opinion of the Freemasons and how do you see them?
My Saturday morning game was a modern Afghanistan skirmish using the popular Force on Force rules from Osprey, also in 28mm. I'm not sure about the scenario balance for this one, but the rules seemed to crank along with reasonable speed, at least in the absence of vehicles and heavy support. A foot patrol of Americans, however, did not turn out to be nearly enough against four times their number of militant irregulars. The mechanisms, from what I could see, reminded me of Crossfire (in the movement, which, as explained, involved bounding from cover to cover with the enemy given the opportunity to interrupted with an uncommitted force) and what I can remember of Stargrunt (with a squad's fire generated a handful of dice of various shapes depending on weapons and training. I don't know how closely the GM was adhering to the written rules, though. It might be an interesting topic for a game-in-box, though, so I have ordered a discounted copy on speculation. I'd implement it in frugal 1/72 scale plastic, if I were to do it, though...
The longer version:
1 tablespoon sea salt
Since spring has come and it's time to start getting ready to plant fruit and veggies again, I thought I would get a kickstart on things. A week ago I went out and bought this strawberry pot and some strawberry plants. When I got the plants they had little flowers on them. That night on the news they were interviewing some local farmers who had strawberry fields and they said that once you see the flowers, then you will usually get strawberries 30 days later. We had a cold front come in and the farmers here were afraid they were going to lose their crop, so they turned their sprinklers on that night to protect them from the weather. We've had quite a few more nights where it's got down to freezing temps, so I have to keep bringing my little strawberry planter inside the house at night before I go to bed.
To the teacher that gave your son/daughter a D
Vocabulary and Research...
Breaking News!
I had a good week, made some money and didn't have to shoot anyone, so on Friday night I decided to open a bottle of wine. Fourish glasses in I remembered just how light of a weekend loomed and I decided to polish off the bottle with a few tumblers of single malt whisky.
Ms Vink, who wrote a book on black schools in the Netherlands, says that the conclusion that Islamic students are falling behind also merits further explanation.
Don’t take the design as a hint about the final look of BlackBerry 10 devices either; visually, this is a cut-down PlayBook, from the soft-touch rubbery material and metal BlackBerry logo on the back to the curved corners and the slight lip around the glass front.
* the opportunity to live in a country where, as a woman, I am respected and my rights are equivalent to that of any man
In a large pot, sauté venison in hot oil until slightly browned. Add garlic, onion, and bell pepper; continue to sauté until onion is translucent. Add water, tomatoes, jalapeno pepper, chili powder, cumin, molasses, salt, pepper, and basil; simmer for at least 2 hours. 30 minutes before serving, add red wine.
Third, did this book truly set the standard for a zombie story? I think the purists would say “Yes! Are you kidding me? This is a classic!” The only reason this book would be considered a “classic” is because it was the first one to be written. And for that, my hat is off to Romero for being so daring as to craft such a strange and unusual piece of fiction that the world has never seen or imagined before. However, just because it’s been done first doesn’t automatically make it a classic in my opinion. Resident Evil is probably closer to a “classic” than this book is… however, having said that, Romero CRAFTED the zombies that we see today. If it weren’t for him, the zombie probably wouldn’t exist. Or, if it did, it wouldn’t be the same as it is now. There was a lot of invention involved in the creation of this story. So, yes, I do believe that this sets the standard for what a zombie story should be.
As runners, iron is vital as it is a key component to our oxygen transporting molecule, hemoglobin. It also has several metabolic roles in our body. It is also cited as the largest nutrient deficiency amongst Americans (I couldn't find a statistic about Canada, but I am sure it is a similar issue).
Driving down through the narrow gorges of the Bourne, on that first day of contact with my future homeland, I was intrigued by the subtle but rapid transition of the landscape from an alpine setting into the essentially Mediterranean environment of the lower valley. In the middle of that wonderful initiatory excursion, I halted, breathless with wonder, at the level of Rencurel, whose aspect reminded me suddenly of the Aosta Valley in Italy (where I had once slid off the road on my aging Lambretta scooter, resulting in a minor foot wound, on the way back from a trip to Greece in 1964). Above me, during those magical moments at Rencurel, no less than a dozen giant birds were circling in a slow visual symphony, devoid of sound. The spectacle of the great birds, gliding slowly and silently above the green slopes, was stunning. I was instantly captivated by the splendor of the Vercors.
And an open palm
It's too bad that getting there, for me, involves a walk down NW 23rd Ave, which is irritating, or amusing depending on my mood. The first annoyance is all the fucking people in my way. I own these streets (I think), and I don't generally appreciate swarms of Abercronbie victims from Washington county and hordes of other undesirables that come between me and a cold drink. Last week a scabby girl across the street from Music Millennium accosted us with a CD she was peddling.
My Miracle (:
Donald Driver might have been disappointed. During Motown Week, he finished fourth overall, but he also got special advice from head judge Len Goodman that made Driver drop to the floor with joy.
When it comes to infertility I have found that people just don’t know what to say to those going through it. Then when they finally find the words, you kind of wish they hadn’t. My husband and I have had many crazy things said to us throughout our journey. I find these statements mostly come from those closest to us who are having trouble seeing us go through the pain we are going through. The crazy part is people say these things and their words come from a place of love and care(mostly- there are exceptions!). I think our family and friends are trying to be helpful. They just want to make it better.
This is a ridiculously simple preparation in which the sweetness of the main attraction contrasts with, and complements, the tartness of the pomegranate molasses. And the house smells so, so good while this dish is baking. These spears were fabulously delicious; I was sorely tempted to eat the entire batch instead of sharing!
it was someone I didn't know.
Uncoffined - just as found:
Power Grid
Next onto another thank you! This time for the very talented Bloomin' Myrtle. I was really lucky to win a giveaway that she did and got some delectable new treasures, all wrapped beautifully.
The casualties of Bill C-38 include the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act, Fisheries Act, Species at Risk Act, National Roundtable on Energy and the Environment Act, and Kyoto Implementation Act. Changes to these cornerstone environmental laws don’t belong in a budget bill. Cramming them into C-38 avoids the scrutiny of parliamentary committees, while the lack of consultation with key stakeholders prior to making such sweeping changes to law ensures a poor result that will receive even poorer support.
Several of our members will be offering tutorials, giveaways and some tips of the trade.
Nope, you're not seeing double; they're actually twins... in which case you actually are seeing double... or are you really? Twin talk has been a mind-boggling topic for discussion to scientists, so it's not surprising to find that portrait photography would be utilized to aid in this endeavor. Portrait photographer Martin Schoeller turns his lens towards the odd couples here as he takes twin portraits for National Geographic.
Sorry about the protracted absence; things have been just a bit nuts around here. Some of it, which involved getting a ghost-writing deal for a book finalized, isn't of much interest. And, when I finally got that settled, along came Popkomm again.
First of all, what is making you so shy? Are you worried what people might think of you? Are you worried in case you mess up or make a mistake?
Though Europe may be the base for launching military operations, it is not the main venue for them, the dual commander noted:
problem, rather than working to
There were forty bandits! Yet your Paper Lanterns held firm. An enemy duelist, a man so terrible in reputation and visage that he struck fear into the hearts of all the villagers, challenged the Tamori to a duel. Tamori Fubatsu disemboweled the duelist and let him fall in the river. Normally Red Falls gets its name from the iron ore in the mountainside, but tonight it would flow red with blood! (if Ikoma Katsu chooses to use that line in his narrative, I would be so extremely humbled and honored. I am a huge fan of his work)
Lenora Crichlow was a trooper to stick throughout the entire fourth series and while there were times when it looked like Annie might have been overshadowed a little by Tom and Hal’s growing friendship, I think this was a good way to end her time on the show. It’s just a small pity that we didn’t actually get to see Mitchell, George or Nina but then again, I wasn’t expecting too.
Jodie says ... My name is Jodie Mackrell, I am a WAHM of 5 from Saskatchewan , Canada. I have been drawing for about 8 years now and started Bugaboo stamps about 8 months ago and loving it! The store has a variety of images from cutesy to sassy ladies. Everyone's favorite seeming to be Stella. The best thing I love about creating digi stamps is making people smile.
Despite my long distance coach journey from Oxford to London to Paris, I didn't feel exhausted as yet. Because my spirit wanted to roam, I followed as it please. I stepped out from the apartment, to make the most of my day.
Tomorrow’s class will meet in Room C207, the English department’s computer lab.
To make them, all you have to do is take a pair of trousers/shorts that you like the fit of, I used pyjama bottoms because I didn't have any shorts and because they aren't too tight. Draw around them then cut off where you want the legs to end (if you used trousers instead of shorts). Then add a 1/4" allowance all the way round and a 1" extra on the waistband for the elastic. I used 3/4" elastic which fits nicely inside a 1" waistband but if your elastic is thinner/wider adjust the waistband accordingly.
Lily’s Theme, Alexandre Desplat, from Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2
So, here I am. 3:17am now. Been awake since before 2am but attempted flipping from side to side like a beached whale for an hour before huffing and puffing downstairs to get some work done that will, maybe, give me time to catch up on said lost sleep before I pick Jane up from daycare today. Unlikely. Why is it that when we have time to take a nap, we never feel like taking a nap?
This dreadful cell will me beguile.
I can only see gold,
French decided that we should still go on the trip. So on the day of the first trip meeting we just showed up. No one caught on. The drama kids and teachers thought we were enrichment kids, and vice-versa. The drama class met in the basement at one end of the school, and the enrichment class met on the top floor at the other end. This fact really helped us out. These two groups were only ever together at the trip meetings.
You had to be or else you would be eaten by a bear or wooly mammoth.
Hello sweet readers, yes I have had quite a break from this little old blog, but for good reason, I won't bore you with mundane stuff, lets just say that I needed my head to find a better place and am still working on that :)
I have just finished this incredible book. Its one I have always wanted to read. The book tells the story of Samuel Pepys who is famous for writing a detailed diary of his life and the events that surrounded him during the 1660s. He came from humbles beginnings to being the secretary of the admiralty. He had a fascinating personal life and witnessed some of the most significant events of his time. I have read an abridged version of Pepys’ diary and wanted to know more about Pepys’ later life.
Whatever. Anyways, when you are very poor you always have a secret weapon to fall back on: the magic vegan sandwich! I have talked about the magic vegan sandwich before, as it has often been there for me in my times of need. My roomates and I discovered in college that just a few ingredients makes a sort of mixture between a grilled cheese and garlic bread for the vegan crowd. Its very easy to eat 4 or 5 washed down with some chocolate soymilk and be a very happy camper.
For any actor, bagging a double role is a wish-come-true. Undoubtedly, it is a challenge, but it’s on the wish-list of every actor, and Katrina Kaif is no exception. And now, the pretty actress has bagged not a double, but a triple role. However, this time around, it’s not for a film but a commercial.
Little did we know, that our new ‘manager’ was actually a lunatic sociopath with a sordid history of violence with a penchant for wiping out musical acts in one fell swoop.
not see his sorrow?
Bertie bristled with worry. “She’ll make us go There, won’t she?”
Mum (not to be outdone): "No, take her; she is still young and tender. I am old and stringy. She has much more flesh on her bones."
- You only live once. Or in the case of Rustom Padilla, twice.
The BGH has now decided in the case “Crimpwerkzeug III” (X ZR 193/03) that a ground for admitting the revision is given as soon as the BGH bases its decision in a nullity appeal procedure onto an interpretation of the claim deviating from the interpretation used by the upper district court in the judgement in a decisive point. Moreover, if this ground occurs after the expiry of the delay for filing the grounds for the appeal against the non-admission, it may be enforced by means of a request for restitutio in integrum.
I am back once again with some fantastic, knock-you-on-your-ass trade bait. Tonight, I am going to feature autographs (and three relics I forgot to include in the last trade bait). Before I show you the autos, I just wanted to remind those of you that have yet to vote for the Rock Star starting rotation, please do so if you are so inclined after reading about the candidates here.
The three men behind Freda's have some serious pedigree. Operating Partner Simon Cancio is a qualified chef who did his apprenticeship at Sean's Panoroma and Onde before moving into breads at Bourke St Bakery and Brasserie Bread. Simon set up Luxe Bakery in Newtown, working as head baker, General Manager and Partner before eventually selling the business.
We have two dogs, Pongo and Lilly. You can read about Pongo's tragic chocolate consumption (think OD) here.
So I hum a lullaby that’s been left unsung
…and that’s okay. It’s not as if they liked me for anything before…might as well hate me now for this.
Brenda Gardner, publisher and MD started Piccadilly Press 28 years ago. Brenda’s experience in publishing was through editorial and she worked for Penguins, W H Allen, and Evans before setting up Piccadilly. Piccadilly won the Independent Publisher’s Award in 2009 after being shortlisted three times and publish across a wide range from picture books to young adult.
I paused for effect and to give him one more chance to explain his passiveness towards Gracie’s supposed evil prank that he claimed to be entirely in the dark about.
Home to leave to my trials…
Less clear however, is how we now perceive it for that has taken many forms, and the event has been moulded by many to fit more comfortably with their prejudices and agendas. It is actually easier than one might imagine to project ones own storyline onto the events of 09/11 in part because the events involved were so spectacular, so surreal they feel unreal. Often when I watch film of the attack I have to pull myself up and remind myself that “this really happened”.
3. The MRC PACE Trial used no objective measures of outcome (ie. actigraphy) to show improvement or non-improvement and relies upon participants’ subjective answers to questionnaires. This is an unscientific way to gather evidence. There can be no empirical science without objective measures – objective measures are at the heart of the scientific method.
As for the oven, set it to the highest temperature you have and put a pan of water on the floor of the oven, which helps achieve a good crust.
Time to go out searching for yourself
Using his cane to push himself from the floor onto his unsteady legs, Dale returned the smile and nodded.
from her room (where she was sent!)
Well, now that the whole argument is hinged on two facets: that “capital-punishment-is-not-a-deterrent” and that even the “state-does-not-have-the-right-to-take-life-of-a-killer” – the privilege lies with the God solely! – let us overhaul the whole criminal justice system. Let us dismantle the entire judicial infrastructure and demolish the prisons. Let us retire all judges and lawyers and do away with the police. Why waste valuable time and money and efforts on something as wasteful as maintaining the functioning of this interconnected mechanism when the “ultimate outcome” is not going to be achieved?
There is not much protecting American jobs these days. The “Buy American” laws are one of the last remaining barriers that helps protect against much, much cheaper foreign labor, but now “Buy American” laws are in danger of being banned permanently as a recent article in the Huffington Post explained….
After a lot of creative cutting I had enough for pieces cut out for 24 of these lovely ladies. After attempting to machine piece the first 2 blocks and frogging more seams than I put in, I realized it was time to tackle hand piecing. Between waiting for coats of varnish to dry on a certain teardrop trailer, the nosegays came to life and I discovered that I really enjoy hand piecing. Then they spent way too much time on the design wall while the teardrop was being finished and I tried to figure out where to go from there. Yup, I had no plan beyond the nosegays. I figured the fruit ladies would speak to me and tell me where to go from there.....they didn't -- speak to me, that is.
This is an important precedent for the Israel Bar, as for the first time, it is the Bar itself which undertakes to provide legal services to the public, a project which is fully sponsored by the Bar.
Nothing compares to you
Later, in His last talk to His disciples before His passion and death, Christ tells them: I will pray the Father and He will give you another Comforter, that He may abide with you forever, even the Spirit of Truth (John 14:16).
Until then you all should just browse around with some of my older stuff along with visiting my other sites!
I don't think I'll ever do all of these in one day. If I do, that's awesome, but I'm not trying to be perfect. Just more mindful. Mindful that my brain and body are connected, and that if I want my mind to be focused, refreshed, and joyful, I've got to be better to my body.
Source: Jim Cherry, Classic Autos Examiner; livejournal community shushauto_ru
Out of the 7 places here, I’ve never been to the Canary Islands or Valencia but I think 5 out of 7 is not bad. I’ve also been to most of the “Honorable Mentions” on the list: the Royal Palace in Madrid, the Bilbao Guggenheim Museum, the Reina Sofia museum, El Torcal in Antequera. Never been to the Balearic Islands or the Altamira cave, which funnily enough I had never heard about until I saw the exhibit in the Deutsches Museum in Munich–so I guess the museum taught me something new even though I didn’t like it!
Walking back over the road to The Trout Fly, feeling quite refreshed, I joined the rest of my friends, who had just got seated for breakfast.
General Donald G. Cook, USAF (Ret.)
I almost wanted to whisk you off to Toronto. But I don't think you'd like that. I'd marry you but you'd probably resent that eventually.
I'm thinking they'd be a perfect little embellishment for a CQ piece ... they're strung on wire ... which can be couched down ... then embellished as your heart desires ... fill it up with stitchery or more beads ... an SRE spray or ... well ... just let your imagination run wild! After all ... there are no rules here.
zarakjovi96: I WAS THERE TO M8 TRULEY UNBELIVABLE GREAT SHOW
I have been researching tons of ways to
Go check it out~
Although the governor of a smaller state, she started a wildfire against undocumented immigrants across the country, causing the states that followed her to suffer sagging economies—Alabama for example. Brewer’s ghost-written book comes with high points for revisionist history and politics.
Since I have basically no food left in my fridge, I had to improvise. I looked around my room and saw that I had some things. 3 eggs, coconut flour, leftover peanut butter hummus. Hm…thought I, what can I make with these? I hopped online and found this recipe
If you have been around Mesa for any period of time you have probably heard about Pete’s Fish n Chips. It is a Mesa icon. Pete’s is so well know you can give directions from it to almost any place in downtown mesa.
i've read this one a zillion times: if something happened to your friend and she came to you, telling you what upset her and began to cry, would you distract her by changing the subject? nope, you'd put all your attention on her and listen – calmly just being there for her.
And I hope you’ll always be, always be
Again the wolf jumps up and runs away.
I recently wrapped up a kitchen remodel in Belmont, CA. I haven't been over to see the completed project in person yet, but my client kindly sent over a few photos of their new space.
In contrast, I'm not very happy with my LA dermatologist right now. Revlimid didn't help but the cause of this was the trauma from his treatment.
And there are plenty of other spaces to tackle -- the bookshelves, the fiber cubbies, perhaps even the spindle racks (yikes! not those!) But I know, too, that focus comes in baby steps. Today was huge -- taking the pictures, researching second-hand pricing on the items, getting them posted on my website, ravelry, and weavolution. So now I will let myself enjoy the progress, not worry about the work remaining.
This story makes little sense to me. It would seem the fault here lies squarely on Noah’s shoulders for not knowing his limits when hitting the booze and for letting his drunk self disrobe. The punishment doesn’t fit the supposed crime.
So go. Forget the past for a moment, and tell the future to take a short hike. Envelop the present in a hug, then smile to yourself as you live in the moment.
I’m gonna need a miracle
I really want to keep going, but this post is already pretty long, and I want you to stay awake long enough to comment. If you've seen Bachelor Mother, tell me what you thought of it! And if you haven't, do you want to? Really, anything! Just comment. I love feedback!
So open your image in gimp, for this I'm going to use another picture of my daughter, you should be able to do this in photoshop and other similar software, although some of the steps may be different.
The Thimble Islands are a group of about 350 small islands in Long Island Sound, off the coast of Branford, about ten minutes from New Haven by sightseeing boat. Over the years, Leona and her husband, portrait photographer Richard Frank, have paid many visits these little-known islands, which can be explored by kayak.
I had an epson stylus photo RX580 printer with a CIS system and it would have this problem every once in a while but it was not always the same cartridge every time. Due to this, when it was time for a new printer I wanted to stick to epson printers but was hoping the ink cartridges would be more efficient. They were not.
This sounds like one of those adverts in the back of a newspaper: 'Do you want to know how to write a bestseller?' I did, so I read The Hunger Games with an eye to how it works.
New Jersey has a long way to go. This week the Tax Foundation again rated it dead last among the 50 states for its overall business tax climate. As for individual income taxes, Mr. Christie notes that since 2003 the top marginal rate has risen to 8.9% from 6.25%. If Mr. Christie succeeds in knocking that top rate down to a flat 8%, Jersey will still be above Connecticut's 6.7%. But since Connecticut now edges New Jersey for the country's highest property taxes, according to the Tax Foundation, the Garden State is at least in the ball game.
A non-governmental organization called La Isla Foundation estimates that some 250 La Isla men per year die from what is known as chronic kidney disease (CKD), a condition considered manageable in more developed countries but which tends to have fatal consequences in Nicaragua, where lifesaving treatments like dialysis are prohibitively expensive and often unavailable.
Now I'm only going to show you the micro ears right now, so I can explain the funny sizing / pricing thing. It's not really as complicated as it looks, but let me go through it just to make things crystal clear.
digital stamps or 4 digital stamps and 1 paper set of their choice.
My Family Table by John Besh (Andrew McMeel Publishing, 2011. Photography by Maura McEvoy)
Lies are a painkiller
Here’s wishing everyone a happy and healthy 2012.
On with the laughs. The ‘doll house mystery’ in question concerns a missing stack of bonds—a serious chunk of change belonging to a wealthy man, whose innocent little daughter spends her days playing with an equally innocent little boy who lives nearby. The little boy is son to a labourer, who is a single dad and also an ex-con, though fully reformed. The girl and the boy conjure various states of make-believe in the girl’s ‘doll house,’ which is actually a detached shed, and more like a club house. I told you her father was rich.
Our Whizkhid, Jack Wilshere sent another sweetly polished through ball to rVp. He was off balance so the finish was disappointing.
Darkangel (gabriel) - VNV Nation
Flatten the dough into a 5-inch disk. Wrap it in plastic, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. (The dough can be placed in a zipper-lock plastic bag and refrigerated for several days or frozen for 1 month. If frozen, defrost the dough in the refrigerator.)
By this time he had got back to the early Egyptian period, and had actually begun to accomplish things with race memory. The reporters were duly impressed; and when their stories appeared, the reading public got its money's worth. Interest in the subject became so acute that the editor of the paper which carried the first story got the brilliant idea that the remainder of the experiment be put on in a public auditorium, the affair to be sponsored by his newspaper.
During the championships the public can come in and sample the delights on offer. Each day, there were live hot and cold food competitions running as well as exhibition classes. Events were streamed live across the internet, to competing teams friends and families in over 20 countries, using the college’s website.
Work Blurb:
Okay, it's embarrassing enough that I had the camping poops, but I know they all heard my not so silent business in there. Then I have to leave the john while they're all laughing so they can poke fun, and well, digested food doesn't smell like roses. When I stepped out, totally red-faced and rushing them off the truck before they inhaled, I noticed THE GUY I'd been flirting with the entire campout. Ya, the flirting stopped immediately after that.
If you wish to learn more about the use of frequency to manipulate the weather.. below are two good beginning links:
However, Benson is at his lowest point, fittingly, at the end of this record. “How long was I sleeping for?” he ponders in a mournful croon on “The Latern Song.” Like a true country boy who’s been down this trail one too many times, Benson doesn’t bother to wait around where he knows he’s not wanted. “I already know the way.”
So what can you expect this time at Mag?
Do you ever wonder if God does that intentionally? Perhaps He placed me in my car in front of the hospital for the sole purpose of praying for that little boy. Perhaps it was one of those I-have-called-you-for-such-a-time-as-this moments. Perhaps there was a battle going on for that little boy’s life and God was calling an intercessor to stand in the gap. You never know.
5. Are you struggling financially?
And yet, here we are. And it's all good. Lesson in life that I apparently need to learn about 5,000 times: I cannot predict or control my life, so I should stop trying and enjoy the ride.
Overall it was great to re-discover this IPA. I was worried because Stone is usually so over the top with there beers they are hard to enjoy (Arrogent Bastard comes to mind. This is probably one of the better IPA's out there. I will rank it highly in my list.
recognition
Smith’s words speak truth, minister grace; provide hope and give biblical insight into how love reaches operates in our lives into the lives of others. If you have not yet read this book you should. If it is on your list, but not at or near the top, it should be. It will help you to show Christ’s love to others as he showed it to you.
Despite the drawbacks of climate, insects, illnesses and a constant battle with cleanliness, life could obviously be quite comfortable if a woman was an efficient housekeeper with good servants. The book describes camping trips, with tents with bow- windows, bathrooms and specially purchased folding furniture, and instructions on how to pack the china and silverware. It also includes advice on catering for tennis parties and afternoon teas, and the description of what clothes a lady should take with her include morning-, afternoon-, tea-, riding-, tennis- and evening-dresses, indicating the importance of the unwritten rules of social life, especially if one’s husband was a senior official.
We can’t wait to introduce the new SL550 to you. Get ready for its arrival: stop by Baker Motor Company today to see our full inventory of Mercedes-Benz vehicles, or search online now.
we speak to God in through His Son the Eternal Word!
Tomorrow Ill have a brand new quilt.
6x6 oil on canvas panel
I started taking pictures back in high school with just a basic fixed focus plastic camera. I didn't get serious about it until my first son was born and I wanted quality photos of him, that is when I bought my first SLR Nikon from a friend who is a professional photographer that was upgrading his equipment 17 years ago. I got a great deal, nice camera, and my own answer man!
Unless your book is a grizzly bear being released into the wild after an unfortunate encounter with beef cattle, it's most likely being published rather than released. Also, you'll want to mention if that publisher has an option on this next book, and if you sold it without an agent.
All volunteers welcome as well.
Though this inconsistency existed, one thing was constant: people paid attention to fashion. Many, when studying the Cultural Revolution, see nothing to be learned from it in terms of fashion. In fact during an interview Marong, a Chinese fashion design student, said, “Our teacher told us to skip the chapter on the Cultural Revolution because there was nothing to be gained.”
While Sheridan engaged in the “exploitation of women for his own personal gratification”, McCombes happily covered them up, telling no one, despite a “gnawing fear that this might come back to haunt them”.
I’m going to sleep. Hope all of you are having a better start of the year.
25) Denver Broncos: DT Jerel Worthy
We got a few last minute invites to local dinners, but we decided to cook at home. Neither one of us has ever prepared an entire Thanksgiving dinner. We have only made a couple of dishes to take to family dinners. We set our menu and did some last minute shopping the night before.
9. India 6.50
The majority consensus in ophthalmology, as outlined in a collection of educational material for patients, is that reading in dim light does not damage your eyes. Although it can cause eye strain with multiple temporary negative effects, it is unlikely to cause a permanent change on the function or structure of the eyes. Even in patients with Sjögren's syndrome (an autoimmune disease that features inflammation in certain glands of the body), decreased functional visual acuity associated with strained reading improves when they stop reading. One review article on myopia concludes that increased use of one's eyes, such as reading in dim light or holding books too close to the face, could result in impaired ocular growth and refractive error. The primary evidence cited was epidemiological evidence of the increased prevalence of myopia and the high incidence of myopia in people with more academic experience. The author notes that this hypothesis is just beginning to "gain scientific credence." In the past reading conditions involved even less light, relying on candles or lanterns, so increased rates of myopia over the past several centuries does not necessarily support that dim reading conditions are to blame. In contrast to that review, hundreds of online expert opinions conclude that reading in low light
I recently mentioned about the great deal I got on ebay. This got me into WW2 naval wargaming in a cheap and brutal way. I now had rules, ships, counters and even reference books, all in front of me.
4. The public liked popular sovereignty because it
ND - The current rules give the board discretion.
44. Alcohol -- Brad Paisley
“I’m not disappointed in the outcome,” said Kingsway head coach Katelyn Daplyn. “I always like to have the edge in a competitive match, but I knew Moorestown had a solid team going in. I told my girls that if they gave it their best shot, then there is nothing to be upset about.”
Education Safety Association of Ontario
What are your baby farm animal stories?!? I would love to hear more.
That may have been all, folks.
A week or so ago I had the good fortune to meet a new friend. I always like making new friends, makes life so much......friendlier :)
The woman was not amused.
For best results, perform this routine three times a week for three weeks, making sure to increase intensity (the number of reps in each one-minute timeframe) each week. Two days a week, you will need to put in 30 minutes of cardio or yoga. After a couple of weeks, you should start feeling stronger, have more energy and notice your clothes feeling looser.
If nothing else, it is a great chance to practice what one friend called his “patter.” What’s my pitch about why your district needs to hire me?
Kid: $40? I could do $10 million.
Opinion: Okay, so this is the name of a Greek god. Not a goddess. Nor is the name a variant of Janice (which is itself a variant of Jane). It is a masculine name. Now I personally think that deity names are cool. Minerva or Apollo, anyone? But when the name is also a name for the opposite gender, especially as it’s a name that was extremely popular but is now quite passé. I just can’t condone that. I understand it’s a Greek god. I understand it may work in other countries, where Janice was never so popular. But here in North America, it wouldn’t work. I’m sorry Janus. And, truth be told, I wouldn’t suggest it for girls either. It’s too close to Janice, which isn’t vintage enough yet that it could come back. Try Venus, another deity with a stronger sound and no other name association.
I’m losing a little sleep tonite because I just volunteered for the opportunity to write my first review type blog entry!
You’re the Top – Rachel plush her Dads plus a piano? Dinner theatre classic!
I really, actually, love where I live...but we are way out of our league on most accounts. The fact that I was born and raised here makes little difference! It is NOT the same small town I rode my yellow metallic banana seat bike into to pick up a two dollar hoagie. Nor is it the same town with the five and dime store where you could literally buy candy for a dime! And it certainly isn't the town my parents grew up in...I think then there were more pheasants than people (yes, I said pheasants...when is the last time you heard someone speak of a pheasant?? I have fond memories of driving around with my Dad spotting them in fields...fields that are now things like Dunkin' Donuts, 7-11 and my current home).
For information on the Fiesta Sporting Trophy please visit www.fiestasporttrophy.co.uk
From Life and death situations to simply protecting your family, a fully functional first aid kit is essential in any household. All of these items you can pick up at Walgreens, Wal-Mart & Rapid Fire Bunker. Don’t wait until you need a first aid item…prepare now to protect later!
Yeah, when I’m in a good relationship, I walk around all smiles and people notice it – a change in my walk, that glow about me…”ooh, Lauren’s in love!” Then again, if the asshole did something/we got in a fight, people notice that my whole mood is dragged down and sometimes that interferes with stuff like job/school performance or catching an attitude with someone else. So I gotta say that the peace and calm from the absence of such drama kinda outweighs the “feeling lonely” aspect that pops up like once a month…
Now, if you don't already own them, go order those punches before they are all sold out!
I still have a lot of other masks I’m cycling through right now, but I can’t wait to get started on one of the Yves Rocher ones. I need to stop hauling and do more reviewing!
I will get to that at some point. I've shared some points in previous blogs and will certainly do so in the future. But my point today is not to tell you what to do. I just want people to think. And the questions I asked at the beginning are for the reader to use as they see fit.
Hopefully, the Supreme Court will get a chance to rule this garbage law is unconstitutional. The law clearly violates the 4th Amendment of the Constitution. But, until then Uncle Sam's minions can lock down any U.S. citizen in military prison and throw away the key.
Why don’t you just ask women to bury themselves when they hit twenty six? Or take up wearing the burkha? And you know who the worst perpetrators of this kind of advice are? Other women. Don’t see the men complaining. Nobody tells men to put their crepey arms and legs away at any age.
If I could, I would tell them it mattered. All of it. Every lyric. Every guitar riff. Every bass line. Every drum beat. Every period of time they decided to take space. Every moment they stopped singing and lifted a crowd so high that we sang it for you. They held up a mirror of emotions and experiences and we answered with a 'me too.'
Them new kpoppers need to know about the kings.
My heart is about to explode and I hear your heart
Fortunately, this is just one of many books in the Elephant and Piggie series by Mo Willems.
Sometimes I feel like between my position in The Alliance, and my position as a transgender man pre-op, I am always asking for something of others. That does not really make me feel good all the time. For The Alliance, I am in the sense of, do this for the community’s well being. But from my own personal sense I am thinking, they have their own problems, issues and things they need to do, it is not fair of me to ask them to buy something from me so that I can get surgery, yet I do not hold this towards other people such as this young FTM selling the bracelets.
In my GMail folder on this subject, I have 90+ messages. And they keep coming. I had two more this morning. This topic will never be done, which tells me we need to share more - as we can, when we can, however we can - about the effect we can have on each other when we dance. This has gotten so huge, and the conversations so sprawling, that I suddenly feel inadequate to the task of summarizing what I've read/been told. All I know is that it's made for some amazing conversations.
I know I’m not going to be dining out on these pieces, but I’d like to know what YOU think!
Before you can attempt to get back with ex girlfriend, you have to make sure that it is a mutually beneficial relationship or it’s got little or no possibility of succeeding. If it is just something to try to fill a void in your life and heart then it is almost certainly not for the very best. You might have to live with the outcomes of your self-centered behavior. Don’t plan to get taken back with open arms. You just have to recognize that if it isn’t best for the both of you; you may not have good results.
-seeing an old boyfriend from high school whom you haven't seen for about five years. That's all I'm saying about that.
All in all things are going well. We haven't really seen the sun around these parts in awhile, but we're hoping that summer will finally start sometime soon here in Monterey!
Ladies join us for a Priscilla Shirer “Going Deeper” LIVE Simulacast on May 4th and 5th at NorthStar Church at the Sherrill Campus!
Do I really NEED this item?
A: Probably MJ. I think I can have a lot of fun with her character as the series goes on.
Until I got the flu. I am STILL tired from that, and it took away alot of my "get up and go". Rich was all eager to book a trip to SOMEWHERE, anywhere, but I really just didn't want to go anywhere anymore. After Amsterdam and Munich I am just plum tuckered out. He was getting more and more annoyed at my hedging, and I was getting more and more annoyed at feeling pressured to go somewhere yet again, so finally I told him, look, just go somewhere already and I will stay home.
The Chaiten volcano has “probably been dormant for about 9,000 or 10,000 years but that’s not unusual,” according to a professor of volcanology at the University of Colorado who specializes in the Andes volcanoes.
A great book to read as you begin to set the course and the agenda for your life. The book is what the title says, the greatest tragedy isn’t a short life but a wasted life. Piper will help and challenge you not to waste it.
Truman sense of power was shaped by his experience -- and sometimes his lack of it. As a former Senator and a party organization man, he placed a value on the prerogatives of Congress and loyalty to subordinates which tended to obscure for him how these restricted his own influence (although he learned largely to dispense with the former). Having never headed a bureaucracy, he had little feel for how his initiatives could be obstructed.
A series of over and under logs, after going under the first one I noticed an abundance of black spiders (I squished one on the way under) I decided to go over every log some piled 3 high and only go under the ones with barbed wire on top (about 3 of them) having to dodge and squish spiders on the way under.
Warning, this blog does not contain any swear words, although it is entirely about swearing. (I thought I should keep it clean in case my mother reads it!)
Done, now I am going to go back to enjoying this beer while messing with my Boston terrier and Papillion in the back yard while I piss off the entire neighborhood with there barking at 11:30 @ night.
Yes, it did and hard. So, nothing was removed from my car, and I took my chances with damaging the canvases below. I did get very lucky.
and find I don't have, or take, the time to write them down.
Now here's the thing. We don't go Black Friday shopping for the deals. Although I love a good deal. But no. Mom and I go because we have fun doing it. It's our thing that we do together.
Referring to this ridiculously overblown and illogical metaphor: 'Dick got up to Zurich on fewer Achilles' heels than would be required to equip a centipede, but with plenty', John kicked off his introduction by saying that he had as many good things to say about the prose style as a centipede has Achilles tendons, ie none. Ann immediately said, laughing, that she had noticed that metaphor too. It occurs in the first few pages of the early-years Zurich section, a section which is particularly clogged with overconscious, imprecise or laughably over-concrete metaphors, such as in this description of the face of a professor: 'beautiful under straight whiskers, like a vine-overgrown veranda of some old house.' Elsewhere there are other hilarious examples, such as the women in a car 'small and buoyed up by the power of a hundred superfluous horses', Nicole's 'brown back hanging from her pearls' and the travellers 'tracing down the hot sinister shin of the Italian boot.' Dick arrives among a group of women and 'brought with him a fine glowing surface on which the three women sprang like monkeys with cries of relief, perching on his shoulders, on the beautiful crown of his hat or the gold head of his cane.' The novel is scattered with other imprecisions: Nicole's sister crossing and recrossing her knees 'frequently in the manner of tall restless virgins' is not only hard to get your head around but doesn't in fact bear too much thinking about, especially as her sexuality or virginity is not exactly at issue in the context; there are the 'white mirrors of teeth', and people's nerves 'crackle suddenly like wicker chairs.' There is laugh-aloud clumsiness such as when Dick dives 'literally' into bed (at a moment intended as tense), and when, in another moment meant to be serious, Nicole kisses Dick several times, 'her face getting big every time she came close.' There are ugly adverbial locutions: 'conciliatingly' (at least twice), 'exteriorly' and 'muscularly' (this last within dialogue!). Worst of all, though, are the overblown, abstract and convoluted sentences which seem hardly to make sense, and which John in his introduction said he thought were an attempt to imitate D H Lawrence at his worst - and Lawrence is indeed name-checked in the book. Everyone said they'd had problems with them; most said they had frequently had to go back and re-read them, though Trevor said he often ended up skipping and reading on. In the first edition there are even malapropisms (corrected in the revised edition but replicated in subsequent reprintings of the first edition): palpable for palatable and cervical for cortex (of the brain), slippages which reinforce the notion that, as Ann pointed out, Fitzgerald was befuddled and distracted at the time of writing by alcoholism and his wife Zelda's madness. The worst section in these ways is the early-years Zurich section, which gives the revised version an impenetrable beginning. This was the version which John, Chris, Ann and I had read (Trevor and Jo had read the first published version), and both Chris and I had had several times to go back and start reading the book again before we had got very far. Ann and I thought it highly likely that this was one reason that the revised edition had fallen out of favour. Ann said that if it hadn't been for her admiration of The Great Gatsby she wouldn't have gone on reading this, and several people agreed.
But when that home is a Muslim land, and that invader is the US military, for some reason the standards suddenly change. Common sense is renamed ”terrorism” and the people defending themselves against those who come to kill them from across the ocean become “the terrorists” who are ”killing Americans.” The mentality that America was victimized with when British soldiers walked these streets 2 ½ centuries ago is the same mentality Muslims are victimized by as American soldiers walk their streets today. It’s the mentality of colonialism.
It's mostly a comedy series but it has some drama and romance elements as well. The reason I'm reviewing it here however is because Doc Martin's character is, I believe, intended to "have Aspergers Syndrome" and for neurotypical adults this gives you a good glimpse into both sides of an AS/NT relationship.
If you can get your hands on some (I think they're just about to go out of season) - Chanterelles are fabulous with it - but any mushroom will do. Just toss with a little olive oil and arrange in the dish around the cheese. Bake at 400 until hot and bubbly. That's it, that's all!
A friend of ours, a man of many talents and interests, bought a house in the country. A lovely house it is, too. Among many other improvments he made to his house was a most impressive solarium.
The book “Prescription for Nutritional Healing” by James and Phyllis Balch lists aspartame under the category of “chemical poison.” While many still refuse to believe that toxic or otherwise health-harming ingredients would be allowed to be used in food manufacturing, the evidence against aspartame and other artificial sweeteners is, in my opinion, overwhelming…
102 Ski (Ain't Gonna) Justify (Short Trip To Space Mix)
I really hope the foreign minister's retort was delivered in French, as well.
So, yeah, there’s that, and Cameron doesn’t get a pass for falling into that trap.
Running will go hand in hand with my decision to be a better, healthier eater, so hopefully the combination will help me drop the last 15lbs I have been trying to get rid of.
This is a true story.
The New York Times identified the officer who fired the bullet as Glenn Gentile of the Metropolitan Transit Authority police force. The officer killed was Nassau County Police Officer Geoffrey J. Breitkopf.
I consider myself a pretty typical gal – I grew up in Middle America in several small towns. I tend to do okay in big cities or small towns, but I think there’s something really magical about small communities where people know each other and have each other’s back. Plus, there’s something to be said for little farm towns where state parks or creeks and forests are a close walk away. I’m in mad love with ideas and bringing them from concept to reality – whether it’s writing, sewing, or performing. It’s so cool that there’s so much possibility in the world, y’know? Everyone keeps saying that there’s no new ideas left, but I think that everyone has their own filter and their own take on things so it’s impossible not to have new and original ideas all the time – the trick is getting people to accept that and not keep looking for or expecting the same old thing.
Skill in managing arts programs in a school or educational setting
RIP Dick Clark and long live the pathetic, daft American.
3. Give your dog playtime every day. Know what your dog likes and play with him every day. This is a great way to spend time with your dog and to show your love. Good toys are really important to your dog’s health and happiness. Here are some of favorite dog toys. Know what your dog likes and how he likes to play, and then find the right toy to meet his needs.
I’ve been applying for internships left and right, many of which want writing samples. I never know what to submit. Do I give them articles I’ve written or assignments I’ve done for school? I want my work to stand out, but I don’t want it to be so far out there that the company is turned away by my writing. As I was going through my old documents, looking for pieces to submit, I came across a short story I wrote my senior year for a creative writing course. The prompt was to write a short story based around a food of our choice.
Now I am 24 and I know I got to change things about myself because I refuse to let a dream die inside of me. REFUSE! I been watching #basedgodoprah and she has been talking about being a better you and having the faith of mustard seeds. Things we all know and learned as kids but they never quite made since until now.
Witnesses told police they heard Davis say he would hit the first person he saw in order to impress girls he was with, the affidavit from Lynchburg Det. Todd Rodes states.
Nancy A. Collins – Raymond
Now why would he write such a thing?
In case you didn't know, I have "officially" closed the retail (buy & resell) side of Yaya Chique. I moved my design house, Yaya Chique, closer to home almost 5 years ago (April 9th). I never intended to be a boutique owner, but it just kind of took on a life of its own.
When you are choosing beans to make espresso at home, you need to consider cost. How much are you willing to spend on coffee? While the more expensive beans and roasts may have good flavor, are they necessary for the drinks that you are making? If the drink that you make is heavily diluted with coffee and milk or cream, you may not want to spring for a more expensive coffee bean.
(Text Box comment Page 6)
I work with children and have a responsibility to protect them and the teachers as well. I will always err on the cautious side of the fence with such precious ones in my care. It is the right thing to do.
No artist has ethical sympathies. An ethical sympathy in an artist is an unpardonable mannerism of style.
This is my first post….in fact it’s my first post on anything….
If you are a ruler, lead with honor, and act as such. Garner respect and adoration.
And I’m pretty sure, Elizabeth, your question has to do with the beautiful island of Puerto Rico.
and to answer your questions.
Here is a card I made as an entry for The Altered Alice challenge blog which has a theme of 'Stripes' this month. The stripes in my piece are used as a background which I made using double sided adhesive applied onto a square piece of card and dusted over with metallic mica powders in bronze, copper and two types of gold. Each stripe is individually applied and coated until the whole square is completed.
That's the most important thing here. Switch off and float downstream, what comes to mind? Don't analyse it - what are the feelings, the emotions?
Oh, the things a bad guy can do if he can lay his hands on your computer! Here’s a sampling, going from Stone Age to Space Age:
 These continuing changes will give the Jews even more business/economic and political power and control over American society while, at the same time, will tend to make them and their anti-White activities less noticeable.
Now speaking of DATE...
Why diapers?
The world, apart from our condition of living in it, the world that we have not reduced to our being, our logic and psychological prejudices, does not exist as a world "in-itself"; it is essentially a world of relationships; under certain conditions it has a differing aspect from every point; its being is essentially different from every point; it presses upon every point, every point resists it--and the sum of these is in every case quite incongruent.
Baby, you're a firework
10. Call your most boring and dull friend and have them tell you a story. We all have that dull and boring friend who tells us tedious stories about the least interesting minutia of their drab life. Obviously if that friend is willing to tell you a dull story during the day that will put you to sleep, then they should be willing to tell you the same storey again in the middle of the night. If not, then they were never your friend in the first place.
Their daring, nerve and chivalry
BeckySC
Or that maybe someone might vote for George Bush?
Cantillon straight lambic or faro? You can get it at the brewery
I forgot to take a picture of the front of the mall.
huffing he & she healing
The ladies combined their ambitions and talents to become the "Pitch and Bitch" queens by capitalizing on the idea of pitching their book ideas BEFORE putting pen to paper. Since the inception, Amy and Trisha have published 3 bestselling books: "I Was A Really Good Mom Before I Had Kids" (https://facebook.com/reallygoodmom), "Dirty Little Secrets From Otherwise Perfect Moms" and "I'd Trade My Husband for a Housekeeper".
9) Rearranging your schedule so you can take off a morning to volunteer at a local school teaching Scripture.
Severability
No, He’s our Father.
I hope in my grief I have been able to convey the love and trusting bond I shared with this special mare, I know it probably sounds disjointed I am trying to get through this in my enormous grief, my time with her just seemed too damn short...
But the boy who cried every week because the computers were closed is now a leader in our group of kids who builds with legos, collects pokemon cards and plays with bey blades daily. I don’t recall ever seeing him interact with other members for an extended period of time, but now I have to work to keep him quiet when he needs to be.
On Friday Uber released another Uncle Tully’s Funland update for MNC which included a new boss character of a giant robotic white chicken named – you guessed it Chickey Cantor. Along with the character is a rocking song (which be forewarned is as equally addictive as “Friday” and if you listen, you will soon be humming it while you are doing everyday normal things like writing up a post for your blog).
I am drifting a little, but my point was this. I have recently graduated from Concordia and even if my salary has not increased, I work more hours, which means more money. I though about going to a print-on-demand shop in Montreal and have what I thought would be nice books for a chance to sell at zine-fests or events…
I apologize for not post at all for the past few weeks! My mom took away my phone because my grades went down, so I couldn’t post at all (I have the WordPress Android app).
By the 4th May most of the votes will have been counted and the results announced. Actually, and exclusively, the overall result can be revealed here: the corporate state will continue in power and will remain there in perpetuity.
F is for Fribbler
to hold you in my soul
Like Joseph the Patriarch, Yeshua was betrayed by his own for a few pieces of silver (Gen. 37:28) he was cast into “the pit” (death) and raised back up so that he might redeem his brothers, Like Joseph, Yeshua’s teaching and revelation angered his brothers, who sought to put his claims to the test by casting him into the pit (of death).
However, the hubby loves peppermint. Peppermint patties, peppermint gum. Peppermint ice cream. I love him in spite of that. And, because I love him in spite of his love of peppermint, I decided to bite the bullet and make these brownies for him.
once we took the crying boy away,
Sieve the dry ingredients into a bowl and stir in the water, a little at a time, until you have a soft dough.You may need a little more water, just add a tablespoon more at a time. Knead on a lightly floured surface until smooth. Leave it in the bowl covered with a damp tea towel for at least an hour.
Anyway I’m enjoying wheeling along the beach despite the headwind, lots of sun, lots of boats and then all of a sudden – probably a mile and a half or so down the road one of these little guys trots across the road, over the sidewalk, onto the beach and then scampers into the water!! You’re right, I could not believe that happened right in front of me and I didn’t have a camera!!! Everyone on the beach and the sidewalk was laughing as he scampered past us apparently without a care in the world ; )
4. Lacking firmness; flaccid: a slack grip.
Source: The Guardian, 17 April 2011
After going to the expo and seeing all of the booths, I started to think that Competitor Group might redeem themselves for the nightmare that was the Strip at Night marathon. My mood was suddenly very pleasant and I knew I was going to dominate this race. After a nice veggie filled pasta dinner at a whole in the wall place, we made our way back to the Hampton Inn to rest, prepare, and sleep before the race. The hotel had a shuttle going to the race, but the downfall to it was that the shuttle left at 4:30 from the hotel.
3. We both watch Sex & the City
I that point I knew it was going to be a long day, I wasn’t giving up! I thought about an article I recently read on female triathlete Linsey Corbin. She was describing a bad day at the recent Ironman California in which she was 9 minutes off the lead when she started the run-
The truth is, being 29 has been getting to me. I remember hitting 20 and thinking of everything I would have achieved and where I would be in my life once I hit 30. Now, with my last year before 30 already being 1/3 over, I feel a time crunch. And it’s time to just STOP!
Coming in third are our favorite “drug addicts,” the Blood elves. While they are third, they are still significantly less than the previous categories, no matter how you count them. Again, there’s an issue of choice, since addictions can certainly lead to poor life choices, but I’m going to toss them all in and say they’re free willed enough to count. First, we have our famous repeater, Kael’thas, final boss of Tempest Keep. With him are all his council goons, totaling 5 blood elves in TK.
to forget things like that or whatever, but the point is you’ve
The last postage stamp I’m showing today is from Taiwan. It’s a flower stamp, which is another image I love to see on stamps, especially foreign stamps. I think this is an orchid of some type, but I could be wrong.
Happy writing y’all!
Lovelies, I should let you know that many close friends and relatives think that I am absolutely certifiable for the choices I have made with for children (and for myself- mamacloth, diva cup, encapsulation) over the past few years, especially when it came to S4- midwife, homebirth, cloth diaper, (I breastfed all of them, currently nursing S4) cosleep and the list goes on! I get the raised eyebrow more times than I care to say! However, a few of my peeps have come forward in asking questions about my choices- the most popular being cloth diapering. Now, when you hear the words 'cloth diaper,' what comes to mind? I will admit that before I even considered cloth diapering, I was determined not to subject myself to pins and plastic pants, because that was all I knew. Then as I became more involved with my beloved Babywearing community, I discovered that cloth diapering was not as poopy (heehee) as I once thought it was.
Number one, prove it and number two why is it not then cruel to chase a rabbit with the same dog?
Now this is where I arrive at crossroads. Are gender stereotypes as bad as they are made out to be? An article I read on this website called CliffsNotes had reasonable arguments against stereotyping:
He has studied theoretical physics and philosophy and that influences the fact that he tends to write in a way that is not about solving questions but asking them. It is a journey of asking - and he believes it would be arrogant of him to assume he had the answers.
I dream of having a book with my name on it adorning my shelves (maybe even others' too) and maybe I'll manage it, but the sad fact is that an academic book costs £80 and won't be read, whereas if I come up with an outrageous pun, a picture of Katie Price and a tweetable line, I can get an idea out there quickly and widely. The sticking point is credibility. If I write an expensive book that nobody reads, I keep my job because it has the imprimatur of the other three people in my field, whereas a widely-read blog is still seen as a bit frivolous (rightly so in my case, but not for others). There's an element of gatekeeping here too: anyone can write a blog on my subject and it won't matter whether or not they're 'qualified': only the writing matters, whereas it's the other way round in the university - students listen to me because they've paid to hear a professional and assume I know what I'm talking about (shhhh). Blogging is democratic, and that scares those of us who turn book-knowledge into dinner on the table. It's also ruthless: a crap blog doesn't attract readers. Hence the electronic tumbleweed round here.
he has some really important papers to give me
Regular readers of this blog, and the sister blog Tia4CHRIST, should by now recognise the fact that the mere mention of the word “unity”, “One Nation”, “One People”, or similar terms, in any political organization, or system of government that controls a multicultural mixed-race society, is in fact the work of the devil (aka the antichrist), as it always leads to chaos - in other words, deliberately planned-and-executed disaster!
Aristotle, Cicero, Locke, Montesquieu, Edmund Burke, Adam Smith, Benjamin Franklin, George Washington, James Madison, Thomas Jefferson, John Adams and so many more.
LH Sawtooth Pale Ale
Dear readers, Or should I say Leaders:
Casting off all connections with the world, he attained realization of the true position of the Unconquerable. He left his body near the Ganges, as a student of Vyāsa’s son.
Viewers who stream network TV shows may soon discover the free ride is not so free.
Soon after beginning my devotional I attended an Israel Houghton concert. That evening I felt I began to develop as a worshipper. Along with writing, I found I could also freely express myself to the Lord through listening and enjoying worship music. So I was writing and enjoying worship with Jesus when I soon got distracted. I can now see that I was maturing as a Christian because you do not receive opposition until you’re seen as a threat by the enemy.
The critics say: “If Deschanel’s occasionally off-putting intonation isn’t too much for you, this sweet romp through a warm, largely carefree universe should nestle naturally into your listening rotation.” – Now Toronto
Such high admission prices, after all, demonstrate an institutional devaluation of public access to public art collections. In my view, this in turn reflects an institutional devaluation of (a) the idea that anybody and everybody can look at or learn to look at art in a way that is rewarding or helpful to their own enjoyment and well-being; (b) the notion that public collections, by virtue of being held in trust for the public, deserve to be seen freely by the public; and (c) the thought that public arts institutions have a duty (even if it’s a self-interested one) to be engaged in public arts education. Museums and galleries sometimes like to complain that they are being abandoned by an increasingly unpredictable, uneducated and uninterested public. I say, who first abandoned the public and showed a lack of interest in their rights or needs?
It totally depends on what the musician/band are aiming for. Why they’re making music, to start with. If you aim at being in the top 50 charts, making millions by having your pictures printed on a can of soda and being praised by an overwhelming crowd of living zombies the marketing directors call ‘customers’, then your main challenge is how well you’re gonna sell yourself, and that implies how raped you don’t mind to be. Your soul will be dirty but who cares? Your pockets will be full, girls will want to be with you and guys will want to be you (or vice-versa). You will have to talk in simple words, build non complicated melodies and don’t appeal to any concepts that could hurt one’s sensibility. Be Lady Gaga for example. Or better, shoot your music video only with cats in it, if possible playing together. People like that, YouTube told me.
01/20/2012 SELL 0.01 audjpy 80.768
3/4 tsp ground cardamom
of her most attractive traits – with only the other three sisters, Kitty, Lydia and Mary, she might well
commissioner said.
“Bahut bura ho raha hai, bahut bura hua,” I said to him. (What is happening is bad, and what happened was bad). It was more an intonation within earshot as in exhaling a knot of emotion than directed at anyone in particular, driven more by the need to share a feeling with another than to start a conversation around the comment.
10 December: I get a call congratulating me on my phone. Tell me about plans for my usage. Then when I said the network drops, am told the issue is with the card and I would receive a brand new one by Tuesday that week. She would also call me on Wednesday to follow up and find out if it worked fine?!
2. Being hit square in the head with a CREATIVE IDEA! I am a person of “Bright Faith” which can be quote by the fabulous Danielle LaPorte as being, “Holy Cow. I’m standing at the beginning of something that is so insanely ripe with potential that I wanna get naked and roll all over it while singing rock opera.”
Won't you join me?!
Loving this rough and tumble, wildly beautiful Big Sur isn't easy. She's tough, and she's worth it, but sometimes you wonder...
Because a lot went through my head after that night we kissed. A lot.
Even if the threat of lawsuits didn’t exist, though, I suspect Brodhead would have denounced the critics of the Group of 88. Professors, as a whole, resent outside criticism. Duke, in particular, has aggressively recruited professors in the last 15 years with a promise of a comfortable intellectual atmosphere on campus. Unfortunately, Brodhead seems unwilling or unable to give even a mild statement of rebuke, perhaps delivered in the passive voice, regarding inappropriate faculty behavior.
Katt Shea Ruben (Poison Ivy)
4 allowed
Harry Beckett - Trumpet & Flugelhorn
It is more than a blog; it is a place where you can read articles about the most awesome breed (Corgi, duh!). I still write about Toby on the new website, in case you miss him :) and I've added an extra feature where Corgi owners can submit their Corgis to be featured on the website.
It's lovely to see the plants starting to bloom too - we have some petunias in flower, African marigolds, wallflowers and geraniums, and the newly planted climbers are romping away so I have high hopes for a pretty wall of flowers in the summer.
In the presence of loss we may grieve, grow numb, or simply deny the lost object/other was important. This idea arises from attachment theory, and points to an essential fact of the human condition. We become attached to persons, places, and things. We grieve for lost parents, lovers, teddy bears, and wheelchairs. I have joined others in grieving for the loss of nature, historic buildings, and guiding social values.
Noteworthy: Has improved each of his 4 major league seasons, last year a 2.31 ERA and 1.090 WHIP.
“Just what?” He retorted, lips curled in a snarky smirk.
name: Cimitirul Vesel that means The Merry Cemetery. This paradoxical name is due to the vivid colours of the crosses and the amusing or satirical epitaphs carved on them. It is said that this joyful attitude towards death is a legacy of the Dacians who believed in the immortality of the soul and that death was only a passage to a better life. They did not see death as a tragic end, but as a chance to meet with the supreme god, Zalmoxis.
First, even though we don’t have a final specification, some details are public. DDR4 SDRAMs will have double the maximum capacity of DDR3 SDRAMs. They’ll also have twice the maximum clock frequency. Like DDR3 SDRAMs, DDR4 SDRAMs will have an 8n prefetch (important for cache-line-filling operations) but a DDR4 memory controller must alternate or rotate between SDRAM bank groups for maximum SDRAM performance. That’s a new restriction.
lots of laughing at our ginormously fat tree
6 euonym
Have you ever been spiritually dry? That’s how I describe it when I can’t get enthused about praying and can’t seem to concentrate. What a blessing to read His word and learn how we can overcome negative thoughts or sad incidences that have engulfed us.
Saturday morning Don had a wedding counseling with a couple and that evening we enjoyed celebrating with our dear friends Rev. Ernie and Norma Speers, who were celebrating 40 years of service in the Assembly of God Church in Hughson. And we thought our 27 years in Hughson was a long time. It was a delightful evening!
You'll have to drink my share; I'll be at the American Distillers Institute craft distilling conference in Louisville. Cheers!
On Bravo’s “Watch What Happen Live”, a pajama-clad Fiennes was introduced to this literary weirdness and convinced to read it aloud. Host Andy Cohen said, “Here’s one for all you ‘Harry Potter’ fetishists. I’m gonna make your dreams come true and have Lord V. himself read something aloud.” Watch the slightly NSFW video below and marvel at the weirdness.
Our firm’s attorneys have been on both sides of the copyright argument and it is one thing to enforce your legitimate copyrights and preserve your intellectual property. It is entirely different to do what Righthaven is doing by starting numerous lawsuits – many of which do not appear to have any merit – as a shakedown.
CH: Ten years ago, when I went to milongas, I could stay watching a couple go once around the entire dance floor because there was something that attracted me, made me keep my eyes on them. Today I don't watch for more than twenty seconds because they are all the same. You see a couple circling and the next one behind them is doing the same thing, and the rest as well. There isn't anything that attracts me, which excites me. Except if I go to the few traditional places that are left.
Today in Anatomy & Physiology class we discussed air pressure as it relates to the lungs. To inspire, or breathe in, the diaphragm contracts and creates negative pressure in the chest cavity, which causes air to flow into the lungs.
Knight’s performance of the rumba had style and grace, but was lacking in content just as I suspect MacManus seems to lack imagination.
Kasztner versus Schindler
So what exactly is atonement?
While I’m not a huge sex in the city follower, this one scene from one of the movies keeps running through my mind. Charlotte stops running when she finds out she’s pregnant, even though the doctor said all is well. When Carrie confronts her about it she confesses that she’s scared something bad will happen because she has everything she wants---blissfully married, a child, another on the way, life is filled w/ rainbows and unicorns etc. while one friend got left at the alter, another is talking divorce and a third broke up w/ her long term bf.
My father is sitting at the kitchen table when my first catalogs come in the mail. He pats the chair next to him, holds his hand out. I hand him the catalogs.
I know they're in here somewhere?
Carlos Reygadas, Silent Light
into the exact
I hate to say it, but to me the Heat are the favorites to win it all. You can talk about LeBron James’ inability to close out games all you want (and believe me, that is one of my favorite talking points) but the fact remains that this team simply has the most talent of any in the playoffs. They are certainly far from perfect, as I have my own doubts about their bench. But quite honestly, they are better than they were last year in all aspects and I do not see a team out East that can contend with them in a 7-game series. Try to name one team that can match up with this group. It’s not possible. LeBron James is a matchup nightmare all by himself. The one knock on the guy continues to be his performance when it matters most. I truly hope that storyline never dies, but right now, the odds say this is the year he overcomes that obstacle and claims a ring.
Maybe the Mexicans here in Texas have it right with their mariachi music. It always sounds festive and fun, and it's rare you ever see a frowning Mexican at one of their parties.
Image - digidarlas - coloured with copics
Cambodian-American psychedelic rock band Dengue Fever will be headlining the Schooled In Song II festival in Long Beach on Sunday, October 5 at 9 pm on the main stage at 1st & Linden.
Although a flying visit, Max, one of the Socio Rehabs friendly bartenders, created for me a Blantons bourbon heavy Manhattan whilst flicking through what can only be described as a comic book of cocktails. Unique, quirky and it works. Recipes that jumped out at me included Lemon Rusky (vodka and limoncello shaken with fresh lemon juice and sugar, topped with grapefruit juice), Fish House Punch (Remy Martin cognac, Havana Club light rum and peach brandy liqueur shaken with strong cold tea, freshly wrung lemon juice, sugar syrup and soda) and a Orange Blossom Martini (Hangar I Orange Blossom vodka, (Benedictine, limoncello, dry vermouth rinse) stirred with mint leaves and a single smashed berry, finished with a Clementine zest).
Welcome to the May 10, 2012 edition of the Objectivist Round-Up. This week presents insight and analyses written by authors who are animated by Objectivism, the philosophy of Ayn Rand. According to Ayn Rand:
There was enough for the doll and even some spare money. The little boy said, 'Thank you God
Customer: Whoa whoa whoa...
Over at Patricia K. Lichen, Author her Weekend Haiku & Limericks gives us the usual three options to use as resources. By the time you visit, this week’s blog may have turned over, so check. Visit for the possibilities and because it’s fun to wander through the site.
‘You’re not supposed to like it. But you will learn to live with it.’ You stood up and looked up at the sky. ‘It’s time for me to go.’
I am still not being able to sleep until late, then waking late. Sleeping twelve hours has become the norm. The alarm clock does wake me, I do get up to fiddle with it, sometimes promptly though just as often a half hour into it's call. Though I can't get past just shutting it off or resetting it. Snooze is useless. I simply cannot seem to force the issue. I keep trying though. As for work, that... Work, if not quite at a standstill has slowed a great deal. One good day of work this week, so far. I am hoping to get more work done today, I just don't have the sense that it will be a large amount of work. I might, however, get my bedroom cleared. With most of the laundry handled and bits and pieces here and there done, I have the furniture and one corner of... stuff... to deal with. It isn't even that bad of a corner. It is the decision making regarding what is in the corner... this goes here, that there, these go together in this place, and so on. I do have a chance to have it done today.
Atheist is, however, a term of reproach. Few men are willing to call themselves, or to allow others to call them by that name. Hume, we know, resented it. Hence those who are really atheists, according to the etymological and commonly received meaning of the word, repudiate the term. They claim to be believers in God, although they assign to that word a meaning which is entirely unauthorized by usage. – Charles Hodge
We drove into the desert, where I was amazed at how the table-top plateaus and shaved conical hills dotted with hardy bushes resembled our Karoo landscapes back home. We climbed and twisted into mountains covered in pigñon (pine trees), juniper and Georgia O’Keeffe’s famous cottonwood trees, their tightly packed leaves now a brittle-dry tan in the frost-bitten air. From a distance the rough and fissured multi-branching trunks were pitch-black and their dense crowns, diffuse caramel clouds — just as O’Keeffe painted them.
He took office pledging to speed up reforms needed to hold parliamentary elections and give more political say to Jordanians.
To get you started, here is my personal Ball & Chain List:
And endgrain. Scratch stock and endgrain do not play nicely together.
Nostradamus, who’s featured in the last two weekly Ends of the World here, has also had a remarkable track record for inspiring false prophecies in others – and I’m not just thinking of the cheap tabloids that trot out newly manufactured prophecies with his name on them every few months. Many Nostradamus researchers have embarrassed themselves once they moved from trying to force-fit quatrains onto the past, and attempted to use the French prophet’s writings to anticipate the future.
930am-3 eggs, steak, green tea
- Winners will be selected via random draw, and will notified by e-mail.
The next post will attempt to think about ways that we can live out these ideas in our daily lives.
‘‘(B) a review of the type of information shared with the Federal Government under this section;
This isn't really an awesome post, but you'll have to grant me a few "non-exciting" posts for awhile until I get my blogging back. It's been so long since I've written anything besides a professional email for work...I almost forget how. Maybe I'll be able to re-cultivate my blogging abilities while I'm on leave. We'll see how little Emily does!
We anchored in a bizarre spot where the water plunges within a stone's throw from shore to 35 feet deep.
So then the Top 2 were Rob Kardashian and JR Martinez. 3 weeks ago i wouldve cried foul and thought it was a joke. But Rob came out guns ablaze at the finale, and his sisters were in the house. Kris Jenner wouldve been so proud, that the two biggest newsstories (sadly) were her two moneymakers/children. I am actually still flabbergasted that of all the Kardashian/Jenners willing..nay, begging for more TV time… Rob was the one DWTS chose.
The flavor is unique. A triumverate of notes compete for dominance. Caramel from the malt, and the spicy, resinous hops--these are familiar and unsurprising. But then there's the salt, unmistakeable and insistent, like the brine in shellfish. As the beer opened up, the hops emerge in a fizzy citrus note (orange). The brewery's tasting notes offer "pine," but I think spruce, which has this citrusy quality, is closer to the mark. Perhaps due to the saline, there's a mild metalic note, like blood. I got a touch of vanilla as well, perhaps from the oak. I also got just a touch of char or smoke--probably the note BrewDog calls "tobacco." It finishes surprisingly dryly. For all the alcohol in the nose, the thick body, and the caramel palate, it's not a bit sweet.
These eye openers, fog cutters, and morning glories came in many forms and included almost anything that could potentially soften the effects of a hangover. Therefore, the ingredients were often a matter of taste. Perhaps the chosen cure combined a bit of milk and sugar mixed with your morning dram. After absinthe became popular, it often found its way into many anti-fogmatics, mostly because of its refreshing flavor and stomach settling powers. Its extreme potency was usually tamed with some sweetener and ice. Other pick-me-ups revolved around citrus and employed its tart flavors, not to mention the natural sugars and vitamins, to help bring the sparkle back to eyes clouded over with heaviness. The truth is that when strong morning tipples were common--and we're not talking about today's tame bloody marys and mimosas--everything was fair game. An entire category of drinks, with clever monikers, was devoted to helping the masses face a new day, often in spite of the one before.
Maybe it was a good thing the public was not aware of components of every deal, but at least our elected
In a bowl, whisk together milk and pudding mix for 2 minutes. Fold in Cool Whip and spread over cake.
of your tongue.
Things should be less fraught in April.
