NB. These measurements are approximate and not fine dining recipes so go by feel - it’s finger paint after all!
Goede morgen en prettige donderdag,
- Larry Klein: basse
Austin Leslie was one of the great chefs of New Orleans. Regarded as the father of Creole-Soul fusion cuisine, his death in September of 2005 following the events that destroyed his restaurant, Pampy’s (which was owned by former Marc Morial security advisor Pampy Barré) is a tragedy that has effects that will no doubt be felt for a long time to come.
3. Steal a hat, any hat, put it on your head, and stalk menacingly out the front door.
It ended up being a two pot meal because I needed to brown the chicken but the best part of all is that the recipe is for the rice cooker! It could not get any easier than that! It turned out much better than I expected it to and all three of us gobbled it right up, even Liev. If you don't have a rice cooker then obviously this recipe won't do you any good but if you do have one and it's just collecting dust on the counter or in a cabinet, pull it out and get cooking, most if not all of the ingredients here are pretty much pantry and fridge staples.
Most of the birthday cards I have seen feature roses if they have any flowers at all. These two cards both have pictures of Edelweiss. That's very unusual. The first card was printed in Germany and the second one may have been too, which might explain why there's Edelweiss.
The suspects then rifled through the victim’s pockets, threw him to the ground and punched him numerous times in the head and back. Both suspects are black and the victim is white, according to police.
not that long ago
That’s because, when it comes to building a compelling narrative about a complex factual subject that most ordinary readers would find rather arcane, Lewis is quite simply the best in the business. And as David Dobbs – himself a fine exponent of the art of nonfiction – put it to me at this year’s Science Online festival in January, the narrative structures, characterisation and explanatory approach that Lewis deploys to make collateralised debt obligations and on-base percentage sing are just as applicable to science as they are to investment banking and sports statistics.
“Our findings will be shared with the Silk Commission with a view to helping inform Part 1 of their report on the future of devolution in Wales.”
As 2009 came to a close, virtually all of Obama’s initiatives were in shambles, not the least of which was his foreign policy and, in particular, his Middle East policy. He alienated Israel and the Arab League refused to provide any kind of peace gesture. Despite efforts to soften the public perception of Palestinians, they are still shelling Israel with rockets from Gaza.
Many people are returning to work today after an extended break. Check to see if your employer is offering a donation match. Many larger organisations will match a donation made by staff, thereby doubling the potential amount of money you can help raise.
Iraq: Even though Kirkuk’s church was recently restored after an earlier bomb attack that killed a 13-year-old Christian boy, the “reopening celebration was but a brief respite in the ongoing suffering of Iraq’s Christian community, signaled by two further attacks”: Another church in Baghdad was bombed, killing two guards and wounding five, and the body of a Christian was “found riddled with bullets in Mosul. He had been shot nine times at close range. The freelance photographer had been kidnapped four days earlier. Iraqi Christians are often targeted by kidnappers for ransom.”
For anyone who might like terns (and puns) The Book of Terns is highly entertaining. Puns from the book were always fun on the tour boat when we saw the birds. At times in late summer they would gather before their migration. When they took off as a flock, they would make sharp turns as a group like those tiny fish in so many films. I loved the groans from the tourists when we saw that and I could say over the loudspeaker, "looks like one good tern deserves another," or talk about the big ternout we had that day.
But Desai would be the first to confess how few Durban community activists made the effort to link climate to their most immediate, burning concerns, including rampant electricity prices due to coal-fired powerplant construction; severe storms (one causing at least eight fatalities on November 27); and the local petrochemical industry’s regular explosions, such as the Engen oil refinery fire on October 10 that hospitalised 100 kids at Settlers Primary School in South Durban.
$3041 ÷ 2 pay periods each month = $1520 per paycheck to save
I can’t say I was entirely disappointed. Yes, it would have been nice for the TCC business to be brought to a close. On the other hand, we had been told that if their eyes didn’t respond as hoped, the sano kukuras were worthless and would be returned to the jungle from whence they had come. To me, this sounded like a much better option than – at best, taking the owls from their mother, and at worst, putting out their enormous adorable eyes.
Once Upon a Time…
They have these little pick-up-truck-kinds-of-things that serve as
9. This super affordable little side table is from Target and would make up 1 of my 2 nightstands. I like the pop of black it adds to the room to breakup all that softness and I'm a fan of nightstands that don't perfectly match (though you wouldn't know it by looking at my bedroom!)
Root Words 1st Page: Boys Win
When did Dividers start and how did it begin? Why did you choose the band name Dividers?
Which is why at 8pm last night I found myself cracking out THESE.
The Arboretum’s fabulous Garden Festival begins with a party on Friday night, May 4 ($5 for Arboretum members/$10 for non-members), and is followed on Saturday and Sunday, May 5 & 6 with a…
Since i can remember my mum and i watched Grease again, again and again..I remember my dad and my brother used to hate John Travolta for ruining them so many saturday nights, but Danny Zuko was not to banish from our living room ;)
It is surreal to hear members of the AUF, who are hardcore leftists, criticizing Counterjihadists for having ‘ideologically’ contributed to the 22/7 attacks when they themselves over the last thirty years have unquestioningly given moral support, and recently — through their mother organization, the Norwegian Labour Party — given substantial financial aid to Palestinian terrorists groups such as Hamas, whose stated goal is to wipe the state of Israel off the map, and who actively encourage Muslims all over the world to kill Jews.
Large serving platter or large serving bowl
Why should we waste time
Take example the current crop of Cascade hops from the US are slightly down on alpha acid content from last year and for me are not packing the same 'Cascadey' punch as the previous years crop from the US, now in some cases this can present a problem for a brewer in that a core range beer that is permanently available needs to remain the same in bitterness & flavour regardless of the year or the crop used, bitterness adjustments are fairly simple to achieve with a few simple mathematics but something that cannot be catered for is the change in the flavour characteristics of hops which will inevitably change the finished product.
Briefly, I want to share with you an experience I had in March. I had the honor and pleasure of attending a conference to update Swedish Rotarians on the latest Rotary happenings in Sweden. I went along with some of my fellow Rotaract members. Below are some photos and captions…
It's recognizing that nobody really understands that your dreams, although not quite dead, are at breaking stage. It's a limbo between joy and sadness, happiness and pain.
Three years ago a friend of a friend met her husband on the internet. As our mutual friend Jane put it: “It’s really easy, although you might have to kiss a few frogs first. Think of it as practice, like when you go for an interview. Ellen went out with a couple of men who weren’t very suitable and then she met Derek… he was clean, solvent and didn’t have any nasty habits”. It all sounded easy to me, although a bit like shopping on Ebay and about as romantic!
The Deerfield Creek neighborhood is located in the Southeast Charlotte NC region, just off Hwy 51 and convenient to the Promenade on Providence, the Arboretum, Siskey Y, town of Matthews NC and Providence Rd.
It is nice to have others share their travel tips; it helps us all learn techniques and strategies for saving money, time, and stress on every trip. Anyone else want to do a guest column? Contact me at CharlesMcCool -at- gmail -dot- com.
I lifted the glass to my lips and drank – perfect. A great pint. The bar stocked - to name a few - beers from Kelham Island (more on them later), Roosters, Old Bear, Goose Eye, Marston Moor, Barnsley and Sharp’s...a better choice than you would expect, to say the least. The fire was roaring, people were smiling and laughing – hey, we were in a good pub. Not a bar. A pub.
I decided early on that I wanted to take the closet doors off the hinges. That left a nice opportunity to inject some more fabric and pattern into the design. Nicole found this great shower curtain (yes shower curtain!) on clearance at Anthropologie. When I first hung it, it looked like this (below). I decided it wasn't quite full enough for my liking so I added some panels of a coordinating cotton on either side for the effect above.
The numbers from the hospital? You ready? This was after just TEN DAYS on a plant-based lifestyle change.
Jake has acquired a cult following in Northwestern popular culture. Bumper stickers featuring the oddity can be commonly seen throughout Washington and Oregon.
There's something funny going on when people read Wasted. I have lost count of the number of people who, in reviews or comments, have said something about the reader having control, or the reader getting to choose an outcome or path.
What Features Do You Need In Professional Video Cameras?
Well, I woke up this morning with a head cold. Not so fun. I'd been feeling a bit congested for a while, and had some sinus pressure. I couldn't breathe. I took some Dayquil, and pushed on - LOL! I directed the older kits to the shower, and started a bath for the younger ones.
are the tree. Plus the hardwood
After the ruling military junta disqualified their candidates in the coming presidential election, the leaders of Egypt's Islamist dominated parliament demanded that the current junta picked cabinet step down in favor of a cabinet appointed by the parliament.
cleaned out..
“The greatest weapon of the oppressor is the mind of the oppressed.” This quote from Steve Biko is even more poignant in the time that many have erroneously labeled “post racial.” I sense a slow, creeping, methodical emergence of the sentiments and ideology that shaped Jim Crow. Of course, the struggle for freedom and the propensity towards progress cannot be squelched for long and prosperity cannot be contained any more than darkness can contain light.
Grandpa emerged from this mysterious doorway,
Most of you who read my blog will not know who CJ Mahaney is, but he is a pastor with Sovereign Grace Ministries. He has recently taken some time away from his ministry to do some self-assessment. My primary goal is sharing this article by Ligon Duncan is to show the necessity of accountability and humility in ministry… both of which seem operative in this situation.
30 rue des Saints-Perès
The only division I’ll change my order in: Diamondbacks, Dodgers, Giants, Rockies, Padres
Angkor Thom
The flower looks Chinese.
9. People who describe themselves are ‘professional’ are almost always pricks. You can say it in a good way about someone else, but generally if you call yourself a professional or call someone else unprofessional, you’re a dick.
Arm compatible monitor Microsoft Health vault.The 10 + series of OMRON blood pressure in the arm, he has advanced features to provide users with detailed information to better manage their heart health. Touch of a button, you will find everything you need to know your blood pressure is assured that you get accurate readings, calibration check Cuff by OMRON Guide.The Wrap 10 + monitor arm series offers these key benefits of 10. Calibration Check
All up and down the Nile
I entered to win it on Amandalandish's blog.
With all lowliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love;
30 years ago today … 31 July 1981.
Nos hears it from me constantly !!!!
and dreams held fast.
While some may make a social gaffe,
Workshop Leader: Ron Donaldson, Knowledge Ecologist. Ron worked for English Nature for 21 years through a variety of Computing and Knowledge Management roles. He is a certified Cognitive Edge practitioner having used their narrative based methods for the last ten years. An experienced conference speaker, facilitator and trainer, he became an independent consultant last year and has recently become a trainer in TRIZ the Theory of Inventive Problem Solving.
July 17, 1966
Of course, it's always hard to find clothes that suit you. I'm tall (5'11"), so I wear tall sizes on bottom, and that severly limits my ability to buy pants and skirts. Basically, I can shop at Eddie Bauer, Talbot's, Lands End (if I want to go all momsy), Gap, and Old Navy... but god forbid I ever go over a size 20, because then I'm just shopping at Lands End, apparently!
RE: Date 06/15/2006
The days are flying by at the moment for all of us here at the hall and to be truthful I don't know what's got into the hounds these days, but they are really whipping up some chaos. We would have announced our winner a lot earlier had it not been for Ebenezer Hound running off with Santa's hat with all the names inside.
9:30 am appraiser dropped by to see one of my cars for insurance purposes. I answer the door, is (insert male name here) at home? Playing it by ear I say no. Get the keys and answer a few questions, trying to speak about myself in the third person. Assume I passed, not sure.
I think it is kinda cool how much socialization has come from Pinterest.
I wanted to rush over and reminisce about our none -existent friendship ,but it hardly seemed the place........
Am sitting in cafe waiting for ferry. Cost Koh Samet-Pattaya 300 baht. Yesterday cost. Pattaya- Koh Samet: Bus 50 baht; songtheuw 20 baht; ferry 100 baht. Total 170 baht.
These are very heavy...
Naturopathic medicine modalities include a variety of healing treatments, such as diet and clinical nutrition, homeopathy, botanical medicine, soft tissue and spinal manipulation, ultrasound, and therapeutic exercise. A naturopath provides complete diagnostic and treatment services in such specialties as obstetrics and pediatrics. Some are also licensed midwives.
Las Vegas continued to be the city with the nation’s highest foreclosure rate, but activity there was down 3 percent from a year earlier. And in another sign the problem is receding, nine out of the top 10 cities with the highest foreclosure rates posted annual declines. The exception was Reno, Nev., where foreclosures were up 16 percent from a year ago.
Dave believes that outside of a mortgage, one should not go into debt for any reason. I do mostly agree. But JB and I did go into debt for our infertility treatments. We felt that we were up against a biologic clock and that waiting would have been completely not helpful. I think that while avoiding debt is good and avoiding it when adopting is prudent, it isn't always, completely possible. And that's okay too.
My mom and I now live three hours apart (when I moved out of my home town, she said she knew I was never coming back– that says a lot about my home town), and today she is retired. It has been fun to watch her develop a new life. She has taken up genealogy and her thorough research has provided a priceless resource for both sides (and their both sides and their both sides and…) of the family. It has inspired my parents to take their first European trip to see where we came from, meet a newly found second cousin, and have new adventures. That trip inspired another one to different parts of Europe later this year. My mom also reads a lot more and has a one-day-a-week job at a local specialty foods place. In her spare time she and my dad bowl on leagues now. She never stops learning, being adventurous, or trying new things, but most importantly, she has never stopped being my mom.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Brush both sides of the eggplant with the 1/4 cup of olive oil and season with salt. Place in an even layer on a baking sheet and bake until lightly browned on the bottom, about ten minutes. Turn the slices and bake until tender, approximately six minutes. Remove from the oven and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees.
20. How did you bring in the New Year?
Now add the chopped serrano, shallots, and cilantro. A pinch of turmeric is totally optional. As I said, I am flexible ! But with turmeric being lauded as a wonder spice, this is a good place to add some. So I say, add it!
Prof. MacDonald is correct in linking the rise of multiculturalism and massive non-white immigration to the activism of organized Jewry. Reading demographic dissolutionist Jewish statements like HIAS’s Progress by Pesach — and there is something in that category every week from ADL, AJC, HIAS and from crypto-Jewish organizations like ACLU and SLPC — is a revolting experience.
Marriage is good for children and state must back it, declares British government minister
I used a jeans needle and my walking foot, and relaxed and stitched. After two sessions the stitching was done and the cutting began. This time I only cut the beginnings of each row at both ends and trimmed the edges and added the binding. But after that: cutting and cutting, between the stitched lines. Just remember: never ever cut the backing! I'm happy to own a pair of Fiskars Soft Touch spring action scissors which made the cutting easy. My Clover chenille cutter wasn't sharp enough, it only could do a couple of layers at a time, maybe because of the knits I had used.
BEFORE YOU READ THIS POST: I played the role of “worship leader” or “worship pastor” or “lead worshiper” in a full or part-time capacity in several churches between 1999-2005. In 2004 I was ordained and to this day my main public role has been teaching. I haven’t officially led congregational worship in about 5 years. What I’d like to do in the blog posts that follow is make myself vulnerable in some huge struggles I’ve had with the practice of worshiping God. I don’t have an agenda other than to share 1) mistakes I’ve made, 2) frustrations/hurts I’ve encountered, 3) course corrections, and hopefully foster conversation.
Help your child practice being assertive. The simple act of insisting that the bully leave him alone may have a surprising effect. Explain to your child that the bully’s true goal is to get a response.
Every morning on their way to school, the two best friends brought up songs they thought Bieber would perform and which ones would get the loudest screams from his adoring fans. In addition, each day Shannon would ask Krystal how she was coming on the project, explaining what Shannon had accomplished the night before. “Come on, Krystal. You need a good score. This is a huge part of our quarter grade.”
“…and the cares of the world, and the lure of wealth, and the desire for other things come in and choke the word, and it yields nothing.” (Mark 4:19)
End the secrecy!
"So, we have a new plan," said the oncologist.
So, I was finishing Kyle and brushing off all of the hair that had fallen onto his neck and his shoulders when Evan comes, cart wheeling into the room.
A blue and white patchwork leather Chanel-esque suit styled with sky high red brogues and a graffiti-ed scooter helmet? Oh heck yes.
Sometimes a first-time mama cow has trouble birthing. She gets too tired. Or the calf isn't positioned properly. And sometimes, the calf needs to be pulled. And by pulled I mean CHAINS TIED TO ITS LEGS AND PULLED. Holy freakin' haybales, what do we do now?
I've taken pictures this time around from IMM seeing as the poll I made had the most votes for this!
but tomorrow i'm going to take it to one of those camera geeks who will have to fix it, seriously, i can't live without my camera.
“I lived in New York City for 31 years before I set foot in Green-Wood Cemetery,” marveled Feldman, a Tennessee native who at age 10 vowed to live in New York.
Currently, the presidential office has little or no power, most of this being concentrated in the Prime Minister’s office owned 100% by Erdogan himself. But just as Hitler abolished the Presidency once he was in control of Weimar Germany, so those newspapers being harrassed (and Opposition politicians undergoing show trials) expect that the shiny new Presidential system can have only one President: Recep Erdogan. They also fear that the Parliament will then have have its balls removed in short order.
In the mean time, for any of you with a computer (yeah that's all of us) here's a spin on the Abbot and Costello classic "Who's on First" that is downright hilarious. Click here to read it. Your funny bone will be glad you did!
The primary audience of this website would be anyone who is currently working in a team and sought out the webpage for guidance about how to make the process more productive and the secondary audience would be anyone who has yet to work in a team, but wants to educate themselves about group work prior to having to actually work in a team. The wants and needs of the audiences would be to retain as much information about team work so that they could apply it if and when they began to work in a team. Two sections of the website that address the wants and needs of the audience is the use of videos to provide more detail and explain one of the aspects of team work and the use of links to provide additional information and resources.
We have plenty of space, come all in, it’s yours anyway, my creeping and crawling friends.
My name is Andrea Valentina Martinez. I was born in South Padre Island, TX. My father is from Guadalajara, Mexico and my mother is from Caracas, Venezuela. I am a mutt of cultures as I was raised in the United States. I just graduated this May from the University of Texas at Dallas as a pre-med student and history major. The primary purpose of participating in this trip is for discovery – discovery of myself, others (alongside new cultures and perceptions), and the world around us. Through this trip I hope to find the inspiration and clarification that will help guide my future, particularly in deciding what career I would like to fulfill (medical physician vs scientist). Basically, I’m up for the adventure and eager to absorb its impact. I want to help other people and recalibrate my position and interpretation on the purpose of life and how to best experience it.
Sometimes, standing in front of Young and Jackson’s, and knowing the lights are about to turn green, I fuck with everyone’s heads by yelling “WAIT! WAIT! WAIT! NOT YET! NOT YET!” in a high-pitched voice.
On the second read I understood the character of Penelope and the subtle hints in the book a lot more. On goodreads there are quite a few negative reviews of this book, people complaining about the 'militant feminism' or Penelope's 'whining' and it was only on a second reading that I understood what these reviewers had missed - Penelope is such an unreliable narrator but it's up to the reader to work it out for themselves. We don't get what really happened from Penelope, we just get her spin on the story, what she would like to have happened. There are no conclusive answers, not even from the maids.
The riff from the game left for dead has pounded through my head non stop for days. Keep half expecting a horde of zombies to come raging through the doors. This is to the point where i’m feeling nervous on my own and it’s quite scary.
This card tells you whether or not you’re a cylon.
Left Coast Brewing Company Left Coast Hop Juice
Despite being 600 pages long, it is not bloated and there always seems to be something happening. The characters are richly illustrated and you can really get an insight into the harsh world that the Clan lives in. Auel takes pride in explain the surroudings and the Ice Age world that Ayla inhabits. There is so much to absorb here that you forgive the times when very little happens. The conflict itself drives the plot effortlessly and for this Auel should be commended.
49 38 14.20 N , 36 56 11.08
Then I suggested that her curtains could be updated to something simple like linen or burlap panels.
These performances are unexceptionable. David Lloyd-Jones is a fine conductor, as his other recordings (Holst, Bax, Elgar, Vaughan Williams) attest, and of course the Bournemouth Symphony is a known, and valued, commodity. Soprano Charlotte Ellet, who sings the poetry of Henry Howard's evocation of the arrival of summer in the finale of the Second 'Pastoral' Symphony, has a bright, lyrical voice that imparts the joy of that event, while the orchestra underscores it with the darkness that both the poem and the composer apparently feel summer contains ('Each care decays, and yet my sorrow springs').
I finally got one of them all looking at me, and mostly smiling, except for the food shoved in Squirts mouth!
We will choose ONE random winner to receive ONE PS stamp set and THREE shaped card templates of their choice (a $21. value)
All swims before her eyes, flashes with black, she catches the main
The clipper is an insect that lays it’s eggs on the developing buds and in the process “clips” the buds off before they can become flowers and then fruit.
Short term support is at SPX 1402, then the 1386 and 1372 pivot ranges. Resistance remains at SPX 1414, 1419 and 1422. Short term momentum dropped below neutral after a negative divergence at today’s high. Sorry about the delay, internet was down. Best to your trading!
Female right whales venture as far south as Florida to give birth, and the past decade has witnessed an encouraging uptick in calving numbers, with a yearly average of 20 and a high of 39 born in 2009. But this winter, aerial survey teams in Florida and Georgia have counted only six new calves, including one that likely died, apparently from malnutrition.
I left work early that day and remember thinking that night, more like envisioning Rob’s last moments, as to what he must have been doing in preparation. I couldn’t imagine starting up the generator and laying down on the bed waiting to die. I wondered what thoughts raged through his head, I wondered if he cried, I wondered whether he was hoping someone would show up and stop it and save him. I remembered we’d all been together – his family – for Christmas Eve and here he was waiting to die. I wondered if he’d heard the many calls but chosen not to answer. I wondered if it would have made any difference had I called him that day to invite him to go to his sister’s. I cried and cried until I fell asleep.
Soooooooooooo anycrap. Every other month I have a sew-in where my friends come and sew with me for the weekend. I hadn't really planned on having one in December because I figured everyone would be too busy, but it ended up working out and I scheduled one last minute. It was nice because I got my new machine nearly a month ago and hadn't used it! But I didn't really have anything I wanted to do. I mean, I have tons of things I SHOULD do. But sew-in is supposed to be about want-to-do, not have-to-do.
“More than usual?” I asked.
I've been back home now for almost two weeks, and have finally managed to get through most of the backlog, new work, and deadlines so am taking a breather, and re-visiting my blog after a very long absence. Great to be back!
What is on this list? The first answer is contact information. My list includes the following contact information: Name (first and last), Studio Name (if applicable), phone number (note if it’s a cell or studio number if known), Studio Manager Name, studio address, email and the website address.
Liking problematic things doesn’t make you an *sshole. In fact, you can like really problematic things and still be not only a good person, but a good social justice activist ™! After all, most texts have some problematic elements in them, because they’re produced by humans, who are well-known to be imperfect. But it can be surprisingly difficult to own up to the problematic things in the media you like, particularly when you feel strongly about it, as many fans do. We need to find a way to enjoy the media we like without hurting other people and marginalised groups. So with that in mind, here are my suggestions for things we should try our darnedest to do as self-confessed fans of problematic stuff.
Cannonball! (10) – 20 or more kills with a single Hammerfist dive attack
I’ve got to say that it really hasn’t been easy, but the results are so worth it! I figure in total I’ve lost in the area of 10-15lbs all together and gained however much muscle. I’m wearing clothes I haven’t even looked at in years, and now that I’m on a roll I have no intentions of slacking off. I honestly don’t feel much need to. I will admit getting into class this week has been tough, but I think that has more to do with where my head is, rather than lack of motivation. I managed 5 work outs last week, and in 4 days this week I went in twice. It would have been more but with hair and doctor’s appointments I just didn’t have the time. Although the real test will be seeing how I do with all that amazing food around me while we’re on the boat. Our trainer has passed along an ‘at home’ workout that we can do while we’re away but I’m also told there will be classes on the ship. I will be happy with myself if I can maintain where I am, as there’s really no excuse for us to loose ground.
Which brings us to today. About four months ago we painted it with paint we had on hand and that we've used in several other places throughout our house. Still not sold on it for life but it works for now.
July 1 Crop Night 6pm-midnight
Now when I look at these sunrise pictures, I am filled with memories and thankfulness. It was more than just another sunrise that day.
While amid the flowers and the rose-trees
If you chose to use these products around your landscaping, they will not harm anything! If using outdoors, always be sure not to leave standing puddles of cleaning product sitting on the surfaces or in gradssy areas-always rinse into the ground well.
# The occupation of a square or a park may be a photogenic way to show that what’s happening on the news is also happening in the lives of millions of people, but there comes a time to declutter. A few weeks before its eviction the OWS Tumblr page mentioned the rumour that the police were telling homeless to move to Zuccotti park. True or not: the phenomena is recurrent, homeless people find Occupy camps congenial to their own needs but they will often fail to take notice of the rules. Occupy Amsterdam went as far as to negotiate a strategic half-eviction with the police that would evict the drunks, the homeless and the Slavic and leave the prudent and well-behaved true occupiers in their tents. The police as the mercenaries of a middle class tea-cup revolution. Occupy’s Empty Tent Syndrome may not be as bad as the media likes to make it appear but it’s certainly there: taking a bath, recharging your Iphone, phoning you mother, eating a take-away meal (with all that cold you can use the grease), catching an event of your favourite sport, those are things most people prefer to do at home and this is where the homeless and the vagrant win: they can afford to be there all day.
Three years ago Meg and Chris Cox, editor of Easy and Elegant Life started April Food Day, encouraging everyone to help out in some way, whether you give to your local food pantry or donate to a larger network of fund raising for food.
There are risks with such an open-ended approach, of course. One would be hard-pressed to find a sport whose stars more resemble overgrown children – the histrionics of Dani Alves, the perpetual pouting of Carlos Tevez, and the generally insanity factory that is Mario Balotelli make that much abundantly clear (for your own amusement’s sake, you really should click each of the Balotelli links). Yet in a world where so many of our lives are institutionalized and where imagination and creativity are squelched (or, at best, undervalued), surely there is value in a game as simple and open-ended as soccer? If nothing else, it is a game that disrupts the carefully-regimented, prescribed world in which so many of us live and invites us, instead, into a world where anything seems possible, where we may be only seconds away from a moment of brilliance. Take a match like a recent Manchester Derby: A relatively uneventful match between two evenly-matched sides that lacked a defining moment. One of the top two players in the match, Wayne Rooney, had spent much of the game looking out of sorts and lacking the usual control and deft touch that characterize his game. Then he did this.
Ebden did not own the story. While the video was unique to Ebden, the story itself was shared by a number of other people.
Almost no smell, but what very little there is smells like the chemical/plastic smell that I've become accustomed to in this style.
“I had a pile of work left to be done,” I lied.
Here are Sprout watches Eco-Facts from their web site:
Yes, we have cities and big towns.
Legend has it that Coscarelli got the idea for Phantasm from a nightmare he had as a teenager, and I believe it: so many of the images here flash by so unusually and so out-of-sync that the only explanation is that this was all the product of a fever dream. I don't mean that as a criticism, because any scary movie that can disorient its audience the way this film does is doing something right.
and a victor in Christ Jesus!
The story quickly becomes complex and compelling.
anniversary of when it originally happened?
Be exalted, O God, above the heavens;
I tried so hard to be good, to earn your favor and delight
Here’s an example. There’s been plenty of talk in recent years about the risk of an electromagnetic pulse (EMP) attack against the United States. It’s been the subject of Congressional hearings, a popular novel, and a great deal of hoopla in the media. There’s some reason for all this concern, as a single modest nuclear warhead detonated up in the ionosphere above the northern Midwest would generate a pulse that would fry electronic equipment over most of the continental United States, and it’s been argued that any of several non-nuclear technologies could do the same thing on a more local scale. There’s been a great deal of backing and forthing about how to shield national infrastructure against such an attack, but it’s only occasionally been noted that electronic technologies that are very nearly invulnerable to EMP already exist, and can be found in antique malls across the country.
I always forget to mention my colouring medium.
It’s tough though. When you’re thirteen and your greatest joy is to run, to play rugby, to play squash, to play football, to do anything really that involves getting out there, being physical, hurling your body around cos, like a puppy, you have way too much energy. Yes, he reads; yes, he plays on the Xbox; yes, he watches TV; yes, he chats on Facebook but still…
Faith that recognizes the true identity and value of Christ can’t help but worship lavishly. This is like Paul saying that compared to the value of Christ, everything else in life is trash. We’re not living for ourselves anymore, so fear and self-preservation should be out of the picture. If we’re still caring about what others think or considering whether obeying Christ is worth the cost, our view of Christ is skewed and our faith weak. When was the last time worshipping Christ really cost you?
If I can just make it through the next few days I’ll be rewarded with a weekend. I need to go get a pedicure on Saturday and maybe get the oil changed in the car. There’s also an art festival on Saturday that I think I’d like to hit.
1. It requires seasoning.
Pink Tree: For about 3 weeks every year we get to enjoy this beautiful view on two of our backyard trees.
Who was that? asked Sarah who was Miss 'Petras assistant. Miss 'Petra smiled wickedly at Sarah and yelled "ENTOURAGE ASSEMBLE NOW!"
Turns out I'm getting totally fleeced and it is taking FOREVER and I've just been sitting around letting it happen....I've been very grumpy lately and I know it is because I feel like I made a bad decision and will look like a fool if I change direction now.
Me: I hated it.
A bit of my heart is in all my books, naturally, but Wasted has all of me. When I started it this second time, I didn't care about publication. I decided not to show my editor and or get my agent to ask for a contract. It was a case of, "If you like it, you can have it; if you don't, I'm writing it anyway and sod anyone else." This was my story and no one could stop me writing it.
Still, the plan was right. She nodded. "Jashi will be jumper." Kol's face fell, but she ignored him. "Barrit, I need you to watch the Stable Rods in case Van Raighan tries anything. He's only a Witness, but shout for Kol if he brings friends. Kol, you'll wait here until we've got the Hawk clear of the town." They couldn't just kill it until they'd at least made the attempt to drive it back to the Sherim.
always trying different styles and techniques so you never know what I
You can do masters degree program on health care administration and management. The course will teach you everything about health care delivery management, marketing, accounting and finances. This course will help you to know how effectively public or private health care institutions run.
Best Factual: Winner – XTV (Cameo)/ Highly Commended – LA1:TV (The LA1 Show)
Am I in Love
As Europe became increasingly urbanised throughout the 16th century, and people moved away from small communities, it was less and less possible to rely on a local and well known wise woman or healer (often your own mom). Apothecaries or physicians - the university trained variety of doctor - were expensive, and might not have the miracle cure you were looking for.
My mom was proud of me for choosing this major. She knew how hard it was to be rejected from art school, my dream, and have to start over. She wanted nothing more than for me to be happy and find something else that I wanted to do. She was so excited to see me in college, because that was something she could never do, and I will not ever let her down in that aspect.
Suz: "Umm, do I live in a house with 4 rough and tumble 2.5 year olds???!"
Our school visits to the Whitney have been particularly enjoyable because there we had no need of an interpreter. For our last several visits our guide has been a deaf woman who communicated directly with our students via American Sign Language.
Two front hand-warmer pockets
When the mushrooms are browned and shrunken, add the onion and salt to the skillet. Cook about 5 minutes until the onion is caramelized and softened. Add the liquid smoke and Worcestershire sauce and mix well. Continue to let cook about another 3-4 minutes.
5) I first met my best friend when I was five years old on the first day of school. I had an argument with the teacher about adding up numbers. ( I said I could do it, she said I couldn't and wanted me to add up pictures.) The end result was that I was sent out of the classroom. Bill was already out there, having been kicked out for some other offense. We've been firm friends for the subsequent forty two
When I open these bags of tomato and basil in the middle of winter, it is an utter breath of summer, and essential in helping me mentally make it through the cold, cloudy, and snow filled months of Michigan!!
The whole day I'd been just half a beat off, but the morning of shopping was winding down, and on the whole we had made more refunds than purchases, so it seemed okay. The Missus and I went to Hobby Lobby to buy some picture frames (40% off, score!) and I needed to pick up a tube of Winsor & Newton Lamp Black oil paint in the big 10 oz tubes I favor. We began threading our way through the packed aisles and I left the Missus at the frames section while I made my rapid way to the lieu.
“Ally attack” will start fights in towns where your friend might not have wanted to start fights. This will begin the bloodbath.
The days before, and all the hype that goes along with it, there had been the usual debate about how barbaric and unfair it was to the bulls, verses the ardent bullfighting fans, which tended to be the older generation. This had heightened my anticipation and I was actually looking forward to the bullfight, to judge it myself. I had after all witnessed worse cruelty in Angola.
Never had the fare by
See you later, I will let you all know how her meeting goes.
Without you being just the way you are, there would not be this beauty to grace the house.'
I hope you enjoyed my project! As always Thank you for taking the time to leave a comment and subscribe to us here at She's A Sassy lady and on my personal blog at 217 Creations.
The Straits Times report, the court on Monday convicted and fined
See you on Wednesday, my darlings -- have a wonderful day!!! xoxo
Yesterday, or actually the day before yesterday, I caught a "special report" on CNN about conservative talk radio. The story was going to be told in parts, and the part that I caught was about the "anger" of conservative radio personalities and the "dangerous" way that they instill in their listeners a sense of anger and outrage (like we really need Rush for that). I always find it interesting that BO admonishes the right for "straw man" tactics while still using Bush as his own personal straw man every single time he gives a speech or "interview"; that he accuses the right of deceit and lies when it is he who is deceitful and lying; that he and his traitorous hoard point to the Tea Parties as examples of "violent mobs" while completely ignoring the fact that only the left has been violent (witness the G20 protests, peopled by white, middle-class youth who were violent and disorderly enough to warrant police in full riot gear!); that he accuses the right of using fear tactics while in the next breath warning of our imminent death and loss of our homes; that he points to conservatives as ill-informed racists, sexists, and homophobes when it is the left who are clueless and who rely on race, gender, and sexual orientation to "manage" the population; that he speaks of unity while actively working to ensure that there is a wide partisan divide peppered with stereotypes and myths about conservatives; that he speaks about the evils of Bush, his pet straw man, while retaining many of Bush's policies; that he preaches to the world about a country's citizens' rights to free speech and dissent while working to silence the people of his own country; that he preaches tolerance while fostering a climate of intolerance against anyone who does not tow the liberal line. Ugh, he is disgusting.
They go on naming off all their worldly accomplishments such as their degrees. They mention their success as an actor who appeared on such and such a show. They applaud their endeavors in Hollywood. It is all about the person. Then at the very end of all the big introduction naming all their worldly successes they add that he is also….a pastor. As if God is something thrown in just because they want to..
UPDATE: 5th April, 2011. The High Court has made its decisions in the McInerney case from January 2011 available here and here and here. We are still waiting for a date for an appeal hearing at the Supreme Court and nothing seems to be in the diary. Meanwhile the Irish Times reports the major news that McInerney operations in the UK have been placed in administration (remember the examinership only applied to Irish companies in the group). The companies affected are reported to be McInerney Group Limited, McInerney Homes Limited, Alexander Developments (North East) Limited, Lancing Homes Limited, Gold Homes (The Wave) Limited, William Hargreaves Limited and Bowey Homes Limited. KPMG is the administrator. The announcement from McInerney is here.
I heard this being discussed on the radio and thought I would posit it here for your musing. The following is from Planned Parenthood v Casey (emphasis mine).
HGTV is a cool magazine full of great ideas
Okay, one shot is not going to be enough, I pour another and chug.
I am a very proud daughter and love you so much. You are the best of the best.
3. Make sure to link back to our challenge by 6pm UK time on 21st September.
image: tungphoto/freedigitalphotos.net
Sentiment - Little Claires
together and the bus which you get in, will be more crowded than the other.
...I haven't had it with me for the past month
Add the flour to the bowls with the eggs. Mix until you get a smooth dough.
It is no wonder that people like Rob Bell write the kinds of books he writes when Christians seriously entertain ideas that make the eternal torment of friends look like something to take pleasure in. At any rate, I offered my two cents on this sort of thought in the following argument:
Aside from modeling work, Ambrosio serves as an ambassador for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society.
Card/Paper: Cream and brown card. Magnolia - 6 x 6 from the Butterfly Dreams Collection
I couldn’t get over how much I disliked Taylor Schilling. I felt like she looked way too old in comparison to Zac Efron, and I was shocked when I looked it up, and she’s only a few years older than him. She looked over 30 to me, even though she was meant to play someone actually close to her age. Speaking of age, I also didn’t think it would be remotely possible for Blythe Danner to have a great-grandson, but that’s just me. That being said, the little boy Ben, played by Riley Thomas Stewart, was really cute and definitely tugged on my heartstrings a few times. But back to this Beth character, although I was pulling for her to be with Logan, I ultimately just wanted her to stay in the picture so that we got to see Zac without his shirt on more often. I didn’t feel any chemistry between them, whatsoever.
Mitch: That’s…compelling.
Heaven is through her kitchen window
The main thing to remember about talking about the resurrection in public with non-Christians is that you can’t assume that they believe everything in the Bible is true. Serious Christians get around this by using standard historical criteria to filter out the passages of the Bible that are most likely to be historical. A passage could be as small as 1 verse or it could be several verses. Some of the criteria that historians use to separate out the passages that are more likely to be “historical” would be things like: 1) how early after the events was the passage written? 2) in how many places does the passage appear? 3) Are the places where the passage appears independent from one another (e.g. – Mark’s gospel and Paul’s letters), 4) does it embarrass the author in some way? 5) Is the passage corroborated by other historical accounts not written by people who share the author’s views? Using these criteria and others, historians (and I mean even non-Christian historians) can extract a bare minimum set of historical facts about Jesus. On this view, it matters more that you know things like when books of the Bible were written, who wrote them, and whether they agree with other books in the Bible, and books outside the Bible. You have to do good history in order to bee able to talk about Jesus in public.
In the midst of the storm , standing bold
3) Beat egg whites until frothy, add cream of tartar and salt and beat till soft peaks. Add sugar and beat till stiff peaks.
When I brought it home, my husband told me I got ripped off! LOL
Brigitte Bardot- Je Voudrais Perdre La Mémoire
Wha´d´ya want?
I'm excited that I found a few new blogs to follow and hopefully become "blog friends" with. This is one of my favorite parts of blogging. I wouldn't say I "blog for comments" but I do think that finding connections like this is so much fun!
Just because, you decided to die so young.
I opened our door and out James flew into the hallway. As a true testament to how much James adores his Daddy, he positively panicked when he realized Daddy wasn't coming with us, flew back and pounded on our door to be let back in. This is a boy who lives for going outside. We have to force him to go back inside, but here he was begging to be back inside with Daddy. I picked his brokenhearted self up and dragged us off to do some weepy grocery shopping.
Sections of the book about behavior patterns, with cited studies on structure of predation and attack history, show how deviously calculating and how much of an aberration this tiger was. It’s kind of amazing. Not that I assumed tigers were dumb, but I wouldn’t ascribe that kind of abstract thinking to them. He formulated a revenge plot, held onto the idea, stalked, destroyed stuff, waited up to 48 hours, and ate him as part of the revenge. Mind: blown.
p.p.p.s. Stori Rose rolled over from her belly to her back on 10/11/11 (same day that SDR got braces! :) )
We did a lot of hell-raising and crazy stuff back in those days. When we were together, we were the very definition of Steve Martin's "wild and crazy guys." And for almost 10 years on every Sunday morning in the Fall, we would play full-on tackle football with our "Beer Football League" on the outdoor soccer fields by Albi Stadium. We did this until our poor bodies couldn't take the pain anymore, (and still get up and go to work on Monday). I'm going to miss not seeing him in the emergency ward...one of our usual post-game meeting places, (after consuming a few post-game beers at the bar & grill in River Ridge shopping center, of course).
The new Call of Duty: Black Ops released on November 9th to a staggering $360 million opening day total. And yes, believe it or not, many of those buying the game were female.
I'm pleased to announce the release of the third book in my Tigers of Salubria fantasy romance series, A Tiger's Courage. My publishers, New Concepts Publishing, one of the first and most successful ebook publishers, has really outdone themselves with the book cover on this book. ATC is a romance, of course, but they did such a great job inserting the desert setting into the cover art, it really sets the tone for the book. And the font they used for the title and my name is very unusual and cool.
But what really draws attention to fish are omega 3 oils. This type of fat – essential fatty acids – is beneficial to health because it reduces the risk of heart disease and atherosclerosis and helps cell renewal, in brain development and fighting inflammation.
Read more about the new issue here – and find out about the celebrations for Prim Perfect’s Fifth Birthday! You can join the hunt, follow the quest, come and dance at our party on May 5th … or just hang out by the nearest pool with a cool drink and a copy of the magazine!
Authentic bears the burden of demonstrating there is no reasonably conceivable basis which might support the classifications in the challenged sections of the Code...The ruling affirmed Texas has the right to regulate businesses in such a way, with changes in this respect necessarily coming through the legislature.
All these facts delivered by way of prelude to the main event – the follow up to damning by faint praise - by an omnipotent all seeing journalist may well, at first quick reading blush, be true… but I was far from alone in finding this article shoddy, lacking research and downright rude to lawyers who give of their time to debate law and assist non-lawyers on twitter and elsewhere with understandable and authoritative commentary on the law.
Granted, I’m definitely missing a few in that list, but if you go down the list of the darkest, most depressing scifi stories ever and you’ll still get the upbeat ending, nine times out of ten. Terminator? John Connor wins! Aliens? The Aliens are always defeated eventually. Zombie Apocapypses? 99% of the time the last band of survivors finds a cure, escapes from trouble, or what have you. Even Children of Men, one of the darkest, most dismal scifi universes ever, has the woman with the last child escape England and vanish into the mist – that, my friends, is hope.
The wife, who was 31 at the time of the attack had just asked for a divorce, prosecutors said.
03. Axegrinder
7. Stir in almond meal.
Today I want to tackle something that is a HUGE problem in many marriages today: pornography. Is it a big deal? Can you recover from it? And if so, how?
Lots going on as always and not all good unfortunately.
Megen and Emily were so disappointed, they looked like they would cry. “But we thought…” Em trailed off. What excuse was there? The fever of buried treasure had swept through our veins, erasing any logical thought we might have had.
It's more about having things under control. ... mainly my home, my kids, my stuff... I like to be one step ahead, not behind. I like to be proactive, not reactive.
Are dancing slowly in this burning room
I knew how love withdrawn, was suppose to feel when the times I could not be near you
up when snapped (See picture)
Emily Bosak
But first it's time to welcome this week's Top Chef, Linda Suarez! We asked Linda a few questions to learn a little more about her:
Katrina, an older Australian girl, once took a handful of rough, small stones and scrubbed furiously at my neck with them as punishment for claiming that photographic evidence from our homelands proved that the Irish rugby players of the 1991 World Cup squad were clearly better-looking than the Aussie Rules players of the same vintage. An admittedly bold statement, born out of a blend of national pride and awkward nine year-old flirting, I guess.
6) Add the Kuey Teow and stir until all the ingredients are well mixed.
Welcome to our now annual Poston Oktoberfest...
Money, the most ordinary of matters. We all deal with it every day. We work for it, we spend it, we count it and sometimes, we dream of having more of it. This girl was counting it. Maybe even dreaming of having a little more of it, because they sold two different kinds of chocolate bars at the concert, and she chose the smaller one, the less expensive one. Then again, if she’d had more of it, she’d probably still be counting it, because that’s what money does to you.
Hoping to finish cleaning my house this afternoon, so I don't have to do anything domestic over the weekend. Wishing I had a housekeeper. Realizing I do! But it's me.
2:40 The She Creatures
7. Your Friends Can Make You Fat
a 40-year fading
It doesn’t have to be this way. The destruction can be stopped and we must stop it. Clearly, the river, the land, indigenous humans, and so much more life, are the victims of an abusive system. Like all perpetrators, the way to stop them is to aim at the root of the problem and remove or block their ability to abuse. Basically, the goal is to return the circumstances to the way they were before the abuse started, with the victims free and safe. The abuse of civilization has been a campaign of 10,000 years, so obviously there is much to be done to stop it. But, what choice do we have other than to start now and try?
Chariss has a power known as the geasa. In my fantasy writing, this is a gift the gods breathe into a soul after his or her conception, while the person is still forming in the womb. I designed this power for the “good guys” in the fantasy world of Onweald so they wouldn’t be using sorcery. I’m a Southern Baptist and I believe that you need to be pretty darn cautious about playing around with magic and sorcery—danger, Will Robinson—so I needed something “completely different” in my story. Now, you can argue that even the geasa sounds like magic (and I’ll agree), but I had to do something. I mean, this is fantasy. So the good guys like Chariss have the geasa and the bad guys get their “gift” of sorcery from the big bad evil Julette, an ancient goddess who has gone a little nuts with wanting to usurp her husband and son’s worshippers.
I never laugh at them because some of their answers are very well thought-out:
fervently committed financially in reaching the lost, hopeless and poor in our
But America’s determination to invade Iraq in March 2003 was “much too strong” for Britain to influence, he said.
Roy: Who cares what she thinks? I don't care what she thinks. I left home when I was 17 with nothing but stuff I bought and paid for myself, nothing from Lilly.
272 **1. “On the Idea of Justice in Ancient Athens.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, January 4, 1996, p. 5, January 11, 1996, p. 7; Hellenic Journal, San Francisco, California, February 6, 1996, pp. 6, 8; The Mediterranean, New York, New York, Spring-Summer 1996, pp. 20-22. (Source: Item D-VI/4/1994, below. Incorporated in Item C-1999(5), above, pp. 599-604.)
i had NO idea which side of the road i was supposed to be driving on.
I will leave you with a quote from Oswald Mosley, “Anyone who knows how difficult it is to keep a secret among three men – particularly if they are married – knows how absurd is the idea of a world wide secret conspiracy consciously controlling all mankind by financial power; in real, clear analysis.” Oswald Mosley, a British politician of some note.
To see this pathetic titbit given fresh life in a paper of the Irish Times status (“hats are doffed”!? Is the man out of his mind?) begs two questions. This Donald Clarke is over the age of 15, I take it? And who among his superiors actually cast an eye over this revolting paragraph and thought, “fit to print”?
With a beautiful Italian backdrop for the story, the action, drama and romance had me racing to devour every page in this book. I am looking forward to the next installment so I can see where it will take these great characters.
And they lived happily ever after.
I taught for Aspire Public Schools in Oakland, CA when the principal(s) decided to use Your Black Muslim Bakery and affiliated organizations as our security guards. Other than buying great sweet potato pies at the bakery, I was from S. California so did not know the ‘local’ history. What I knew for certain was the men who were our guards, who dressed in suits with bow ties, acted oddly and made me more uncomfortable than the neighborhood. (By this point in my life I had taught middle school in Compton, CA and lived/worked in Harlem, NY, lived in the burbs of Los Angeles and regularly was ‘around during various riots.) I could not understand what made me uncomfortable – many of the men were attractive, they were somewhat polite but in an abstract way, they did not have Qurans….. So, during a staff meeting, I addressed my concerns in an open forum. Another staff member supported me. I was later counseled privately by my principal that I needed to ‘value the community I served’ as in, “You, young lady are racist and can not admit it.” I was shocked that he was insinuating I was racist, so I went home and contacted my friends of the ‘United Nations’ (what I call my group of everyone from everywhere) and asked them to help me understand what I did that was racist. I told them I was going to make an appointment to see a psychologist to start working on this. The next day I made the appointment. I went to counseling. My friends could not give me any pointers then nor now as to what was wrong with me and they really did not think I was racist. My psychologist felt I was pretty balanced, open-minded, willing to think through issues and did not fall under the typical classification of racist. This does not mean I am perfect, it means I took the situation seriously as I find racism offensive.
Fuck Bakersfield, CA for being a shitty town that gave us not one, but two of the shittiest bands of the last two decades. This band is fronted by Mark Chavez, who is the lil' half bro of the current King Of Dubstep, KORN's Johnathan Davis. Yes, this band got a record deal by riding KORN's coattails. How can they sleep at night? Can you imagine the groupies they get? Like Powerman 5000 they ended up on a bunch of b-movie soundtracks and still seem to be playing in some form or another. They are currently playing venues called things like "Bleachers Sports Bar" in Bristol, CT and have 4 amazingly awful albums under their belt You remember their song. It's the worst. Fuck you, Adema!
It's all about, it's all about the climb
In lots of ways, but she has recently taken up or rather retaken up painting.
This mid-century mod credenza* has been in my parent's house for quite a while-- my dad got it at a yard sale when I was in my late teens and it became my first real record player. I hadn't given it any thought in years (it was parked in a corner of my old room and used as a window seat for the cats) but I realized when I was home recently that with a little sprucing up it would make a lovely TV stand. I kept seeing this type of vintage piece pop up on Apartment Therapy and knew it would look perfect for what I had in mind. (Before anyone side-eyes me for ruining a perfectly good record player, this thing was in terrible shape, I promise.)
Thru this same lady’s reading came the most incredible exercise for her to do. She is very left brain dominant and May demands use of her right brain and to allow the left brain to function as it was designed to.
Which is why we love going to unschooler gatherings. Crowds of different! Orbits in sync! But gatherings are gatherings. They're events. They're not daily life.
I'm back again. Long time no see at blogspot.
A good science fiction story needs neither aliens nor lasers (look at Battlestar Galactica) to work. Not that I’m opposed to aliens and lasers. I am after all, a devoted Farscape fan who never got over its cancellation, but it’s depth I’m seeking in a good science fiction novel. I want that feeling of my brain spinning, of big ideas looming on the horizon, and of course I want to be entertained.
*1427 *D-V/23/2002. “On the Sometimes Salutary Illusions of Judicial Review.” A Round Table on American Constituttional Law (with David Gruning, James Etienne Viator, and Luc B. Tremblay.) Faculté de Droit, Université de Montréal, Montreal, Quebec, Canada. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(6), above.)
I also saw a photo shoot to celebrate the Butchers being named 'Beard-friendly pub of the year', and a giant panda emerge from the toilets and go outside. But even though the party table was in the middle of the screen from one of the security cameras, I did not see anyone go under the table, pick up a laptop, or put one in their bag. At no point is the table left empty - there are always at least three people - people who were part of our crowd - sitting down at it. You've got to admit, these bastards are good at what they do.
Kid#2 Geeze, shut up.
Suzi Steffen
This is an opportunity to give back to the community. Bring your children so they see mommy serving others and being a blessing to other children and moms. Let's lead them by example.
But that isn't quite the same is it? It's not the same as contributing to something..grand. Okay, I'll admit that sounds so earnest.. so noble.
98. Visit the State Fair
*dark khaki Cherokee pants: $1.50 Gray was in major need of new dress pants! SCORE!
My prayers lift high
I’m not sure about any of you, but when running, and especially running longer distances, you become irritable. I call it ‘the rage’. It fuels me. SuperSarah ended up having rage at a particular woman, I was noting how inappropriately I had dressed for a freezing cold start and was now running a boiling hot race mostly, but then also nearly mowed a woman down in front of me who was (very inconsiderately) weaving about a lot, and drafting, but drafting the bad way. For the uninitiated, ‘drafting’ is where you sort of run behind someone close enough for you to be in their ‘slipstream’, and thus not have to work as hard at running as you are theoretically protected from the wind. This woman was so close to the ladies in front of me that she could have whispered in their ear. Additionally, she had a horrendous jerky gait, that made her look like she was uncomfortably power walking rather than running. The thing that made my rage come roaring to life was that she would draft (and weave, right in front of me!) for about 5 minutes or so, then step off to the side and look around for people to notice her/wait for her friend to catch up, so that she could loudly exclaim that she was running ‘the’ marathon (I assume she means London, in which case, I AM going to mow her down should I see her!) and that this 16-miler was the longest distance she had ever run before. On 1st April. I don’t know what training programme she was following, but she’s silly. She would then leave her friends, repeat the aforementioned jerky horrible run and catch up to SuperSarah & myself to draft and weave some more. I was a red-eyed monster by mile 4.
While super-steals are in short supply in this week's round-up of Austin supermarket circulars, you can still keep a little change in your pocket with the following five sale items.
Skipping ahead, the kids soon discover that their world isn’t as ordinary as it first seems. Magic is real–and so are the Ancient Egyptian Gods. In fact, one of them is their pet cat, Muffin. The kids embark on a journey to save their now entombed Father from the evil god, Set. Meanwhile, Set sends all sorts of baddies to stop them. And if that wasn’t enough, other magicians want to beat them up too. Why? Well, because they’re hosting ancient Gods of course! Now if you’re saying, whoa, back up–it’s because this story can get a little kooky on the literary rules. Not just one baddie–multiple! Not just one god–Many! So, to sum it up–the Magicians in this story–or as they call themselves, The House of Life–think that the Gods are evil. As such, hosting them, would also be bad. So naturally, even though the kids didn’t exactly invite the Gods inside, so to speak–the only option must be to kill the kids.(right?)
“Where in Falasteen? What Falasteen?!?!” he said, outraged and shocked I would have the audacity to utter the concept.
All events at the UW Career Center HuskyJobs RSVP Requested
If given the opportunity to show his hospitality, he will treat those he senses are truthful in their allegiance to him to the best he has, as his army enjoy. Those, however who play him false, Tshared will kill and devour before the others as a lesson.
Water, and the expensive delicate ship that must have seen
Flaxman Low was the first of the great fictional psychic detectives. The stories are less well-known than William Hope Hodgson’s tales of Carnacki the ghost finder or Algernon Blackwood’s John Silence stories. I’m not really sure why. They’re perhaps not quite as good but they’re still highly readable and very entertaining. They certainly don’t deserve the obscurity into which they’ve fallen.
I wonder how many other people participating in the A to Z blogging challenge will choose cookie? It's certainly an obvious choice...yet I like the idea of writing about baked goods while getting a solid Sesame Street song stuck in my readers' heads.
The weekend went all to quickly, but was just what we both needed to relax, recharge and celebrate. Thank-you sweetheart for making me feel so special on my birthday. I know that I am a very lucky girl to have such a thoughtful man like you!
and the broccoli was fine.
Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die by Willie Nelson with Snoop Dogg, Kris Kristofferson and Jamey Johnson
Rounds 13-15: Knit
Consider with me the scenario of one deeply religious standing at the Great White Throne Judgment with Jesus Christ as Judge. The words come from Matthew 7:21-23.
If a recent opinion poll is anything to go by, a majority of Australian Christians believe same-sex couples should be allowed to marry.
“I got pissed off,” Rieckhoff says. “I had commanded 38 guys in central Baghdad for a year, and when they came home there was nowhere for them to go.”
When the universe poops on you like this, the only thing a person can do is think- what does it even mean to have a bad day? Does it serve a purpose other than showing even a calm, nice person how animalistic they really are? I don’t think of myself as an angry person, but when stuff like this happens the steam really gets let out!
Given the failure of other English brewers to emulate Guinness, I wonder if Barclay Perkins had any luck with their Irish Stout type?
My nuwe vriend het die volgende email na my gestuur:
...well, actually they both are cool. But every once in a while, there is an anecdote that bears repeating. Tomorrow is their 6th birthday - that is, 6 years since that fateful night when they cut my kids out of my stomach. It's been an amazing adventure - not easy of course, but parenthood isn't supposed to be easy. But 21 surgeries, 4 shunts, visual impairment, blindness and seizures in foreign countries all add up to some pretty thick skin but also some very good life lessons.
Don’t sweat the small stuff when it comes to friends. If someone flakes out on you because of some reason, let it slide.
Color the cone with Pink Star Gelly Roll pen. Stamped the cone again on white cardstock and stamp polka dot background then ink the edge. Cut out and pop off with foam tape. Die-cut tag and stamp sentiment 3 times. Tie tag and button on card with brown baker's twine.
However! The me I am, I forgot the recipe in the locker at the cooking school! They are quite strict concerning
Sunny, 80 degrees
The visitors are also playing the series without several of their regulars, and the absence of the Muttiah Muralitharan — back home after the Test series following an injury — could hurt the Lankans the most Thursday.
4. I’m a plant lover and since a couple of days I own a plant, an ‘Aloe Vera’. This may sound funny to you, but I didn’t grow plants for years. I used to have many Orchids when I was in Europe, however living on a boat doesn’t work out for plants and with all the green in the tropics I saw no need for plants inside the house either. But now, I want to start growing some kitchen herbs and most of all medicinal plants.
Episode 1 begins with Micky the prince waking up in the middle of the night. He starts to call for the crown princess and as he gets agitated, I start to feel bad for his wife because he’s clearly one impatient, horny dude. But apparently, I have a dirty mind because he was yelling out of worry because he realized that something was wrong. He runs out and his hunch is indeed correct: the princess is dead. Oh noes!
Some of the mystery may now finally be dispelled, at least for me, as in researching this item I found this comment on another blog that featured the same ad...
Twelve short years ago, after seventeen hours of labor, I delivered him by emergency c-section.
Tonight, as pertinent per the occasion, I got to thinking about reasons to be thankful this year. Yeah, we're all clear on the whole family and friends bit, yada yada yada I love them and you all, blah blah blah. Reason for living, everything in the world to me, another year around the sun with them makes me ecstatic... booo-ring.
Producers are seeking “accomplished and upscale women in the Calabasas area who have fabulous lives, are very social, are involved in the community, but also have a very deep commitment to their faith.”
Is that a product of aging or experience? Is it normal to feel so little about anything that you feel so monochromatic? I mean, I feel anger. At least that much I feel. Not all the time, but when I am angry, I am enraged. I’ve had an anger problem for years actually, but in the last year it’s gotten so bad that I actually thought I might hurt someone. I’ve finally been able to seek help in that area, so we’ll see how that goes, but in the meantime I’m a little estranged from basically, living. Not saying I don’t want to anymore, just making an observation that I don’t understand why I’m going through the motions, or how anyone is actually, if this is how we’ll feel for the remainder of our days.
For those of you braving the odds and venturing out to "get the deals" during Black Friday shopping...have lots of fun and GOOD LUCK! I don't know how you do it as I think I would go insane with all the people! I'm more of an online shopper! LOL!
What I found in Ruth Fowler’s indignant, mud-slinging screed unfortunately is not the exception in Book Site That Must Not Be Named, but the rule. I wish those of us who care about the level of literary discourse online could just ignore BSTMNBN, but their influence is such that we cannot in good conscience allow for this to pass as acceptable criticism.
The Guru Tradition by Sri Chandrasekharendra Sarasvati Svami, Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, (Part 2 Pages 31-56)
Carolyn Dean, M.D., N.D. (USA)
Love at first sight. Literally.
the inning. Coming up with two outs and a man on first Paciorek showed his eye
It is a dollar store acrylic photo frame that I altered.
- Or so it seems - clears the deep refrain!
"Don't you think that we might be a little bit too old for playing with love hearts Lisa?"
4. The Truly Victorian 1872 vest basque bodice. Actually I haven't met a TV pattern I haven't liked. They have all fit me exceptionally well. But this pattern is particularly flattering. I used it as the base for my butterfly bustle gown, my white with black polka dot bustle, my Daniel Deronda archery dress, and my blue and white striped seaside gown.
Then (if I can find a way to get out of my stupid driveway) I’m going to follow my computer’s advice and head for the nearest mission or shelter to drop them off (I called first to confirm that they’re accepting coats) — along with my daily donation of $100. In my case, that would be the Atlanta Union Mission, at 2353 Bolton Rd. NW, Atlanta GA 30318. http://www.atlantaunionmission.org/
Trayvon Martin, is the unarmed black teen, who died after being shot by a community-watch captain with white and Hispanic parents, George Zimmerman, in Sanford, Fla., sparking a wave of outrage long after the incident.
It was goofy, but there it was.
The current laws do next to nothing to inform the public about the ways Baker will wield her power on Capitol Hill. Sunlight is calling for changes in the current Lobbying Disclosure Act that would require her and others like her to report the names of the offices she lobbies—whether in person, on the phone, in writing or email—and link the names with the specific issues on which she sought government action. We would require that reporting to happen in real time and online.
…and advanced him, and set his seat above all the princes that were with him.
While media reports have characterized the Coalition's opinion of the rules as favorable, NYCCGC has officially held comment, ...and has been meeting with Coalition members, conferring with other greening groups, and consulting with legal experts to fully assess the scope and impact of the recently updated rules.
So it’s important to come up with some tricks and tactics to make your waiting time interesting, at least. And you never know, these little pockets of time where you weren’t doing anything could end up being the times you remember the most. Here’s a fe ideas.
So....... the big t.t.t.t.teenager question!! Many people feel confident to homeschool or unschool the primary years, but when it comes to the high school age group their legs turn to jelly! I guess I can understand this in a way. I mean, we all dropped out of school before the high school years didn't we? So we wouldn't have a clue, of course! But the truth is, most of us (if not all of us) went to high school and even graduated from high school, but somehow we don't feel confident to walk through these years alongside our teenagers. We can so easily sit in a place of fear, biting our nails, and looking anxiously over our shoulder to see how everyone else is performing, and looking at our own child, wondering if they'll "turn out okay".
But was it infringed? Judge Birss considered that the correct approach to infringement under section 226 was essentially two-pronged. First, consider whether the ‘similarities between the Nampak product complained of and the Albert Packaging design (as well as the possibility of access) call for an explanation’. In other words: could an inference of copying be made? If so, this called for an objective comparison of the design in order to see if the defendant's article had been produced exactly or substantially to it. The judge also explained that functional features of the cartons could conceivably be similar because they were performing their function and not because of copying.
i assembled the cd as to be continiuos from the poco opening .. thats why it start unsmoothed
For the little banner on the corner I used a Papertrey Ink die and I wrote the sentiment by myself.
Find a crumbling building, assemble a group of artists, give them 72 hours to transform it — and then, kaboom.
Mahatma Gandhi
1 looks
Rounding off the anatomy chapter is the section of safety items and the cockpit. The steering wheel and pedals are well illustrated with CAD drawings and keys to the buttons on the wheel itself and on the switch panel inside the cockpit.
Items for sale:
This week’s heroes are Zan Christensen and Mark Brill, creators of the anti-bullying comic The Power Within. Christensen is the Publisher of Northwest Press, a publishing imprint devoted to providing the highest-quality lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender graphic novels and comics collections. He has dedicated his career to creating and compiling comics and graphic art for and about the LGBTQ community.
Maybe someday I’ll find the words to mend the hurt I caused.
Shallots, 3 pcs, cut into slices and deep fried until golden brown
by Michael Gannon, Associate Editor
Nicole Weaver was born in Port-au-Prince Haiti. She came to the United States when she was ten years old. She is fluent in Creole, French, Spanish, and English. She is a veteran teacher of French and Spanish. Her second children’s trilingual book, My Sister is My Best Friend was published by Guardian Angel Publishing, November 2011. She is also the author of a children’s trilingual picture book, Marie and Her Friend the Sea Turtle. The story is about a Haitian girl who resides by the beach in Haiti.
I apologize to those I have forgotten. Those who I have forgotten will get top billing in the “Great American Shout-Out” blog entry I plan on writing on May 7. Shout-outs will also go to people who show their support by either their blog or by posting a link in the comments section showing the support (Whether it’s on Facebook, a political blog reply (aside from this political blog), or whitehouse.gov.
And most of all, I have a sweetheart. He's the only person in the whole world who knows and misses that baby princess the way I do, and the only other person in the whole world who feels the wiggles of this unborn baby who will fill those clothes.
“Bullshit and the Art of Crap-Detection”
03. Up All Night
She pointed out that Pakistan’s National Assembly or lower house of parliament had unanimously adopted a resolution condemning a recent hearing on Balochistan by the US Foreign Affairs Sub-Committee on Oversight and Investigations.
Of course I said "yes" as I have a life-long love of family stories and history.
Well, my mom explained it to me, and I just really didn’t want to finish the game after I heard the whole story. I made an excuse, and went into my room and cried. Poor Aunt Elizabeth. She lived all the way out in Spokane Washington, and I had only met her a few times, but the story was so sad. She used to send letters to my mom and would always include a clipping of the comic strip, “Family Circus.”
2007: BATF, Homeland Security, FBI called. Johnny charged with domestic terrorism, FBI investigates parents, siblings removed from home, computers confiscated, Johnny’s Dad goes on a terror watch list and is never allowed to fly again.
i was busy taking down the blue baskets that are on the tops of our kitchen cabinets (to spraypaint them, no less), when i found these vintage floral jars i've had for about a year or so. i was actually going to throw them away, when i came up with a quick idea...
To see what I mean about this popular destination, check out this jumbo plane (Air France) landing:
The BT Group also has a global research and development centre, and two digital care centres, in the North.
My tag is a bit darker than I would like but I kept playing and playing and finally said 'enough'! I used Ranger's Snow Cap Mixative (and boy was my shaker ball stuck in the muck at the bottom of the bottle. Yuck!), Lettuce, Sailboat Blue and Stream alcohol inks. The Blending Solution came in handy a few times.
Among early modern humans, these two equator-to-arctic trends reached a common end-point in the steppe-tundra of northern Eurasia, such as existed during the last ice age (25,000 – 10,000 years ago). Hunting distances were very long because almost all food came from highly mobile herds of mammals, notably reindeer. Male provisioning was similarly at a maximum, women having little or no food autonomy.
Check it. No dogs, no kids, nobody.
I wanted to title my new blog “Ideas…Applied” because I often have grand ideas, but just as often, I fail to follow through. I want to apply my ideas to my life and actually do them! Not only that, but I also want to analyze the consequences of some ideas. I was introduced to the concept “Ideas have consequences” at Summit Ministries. While Summit Ministries concerns itself with the main topics relevant to worldview (topics like biology, theology, ethics, etc), I find that ideas about parenting or housekeeping do have consequences in my life that directly affect my family and those around me. I want a record of the consequences of my ideas or others ideas I adopt.
PS: This post was in no way related to where I’m at with my writing projects and publishing experiences, which has clearly been this crazy blog’s trend for the last six months! I’ll still return to that luscious blogging well for every drop that it’s worth, but in the meantime my writer thoughts will be more organized and more personalized (but just as insane) in my free monthly newsletter, which you can subscribe to here. The first issue is coming up on May 2nd. NOTE: if you haven’t read any of my books, this newsletter will contain spoilers, so either shape up and read my work or ship the hell out! Thanks, love you.
Jennifer
A new version of the old scene
This is how the Monster Teeth Subtraction activity works. There are six different monsters, with a different number of teeth in each mouth. You roll a die or spin a spinner to see how many teeth you will black out, and then write an equation to match the picture. For example, in the picture above, the monster had eight teeth. The child rolled a die that came up with a number four, so he colored in four teeth. Then he wrote the equation, "8 - 4 = 4."
And, now I feel better and feel able to give it another go. I wanted to share this because there have been other times I have wanted to just quit something and had many reasons to do so; however, by staying the course and reaching deep into my creativity and patience I ultimately experienced a benefit to my skills and feelings of worth.
- No sweeteners for the month of January (only use stevia)
Freaky Fingers
Part of their shtick is that the are leaderless and, for all intents and purposes, platformless. Nice idea, but it keeps there from being any real outcome that they are looking for (say, for example, a tax code that allows every business to get a fair shake, not one that allows only those who can afford fancy accountants to find the loopholes). I’ve been following the story with some interest, and have thought about somethings that they might be trying to say, even though they are not saying much at all.
Add some accents to the frame by making very simple boxes. Just cut a piece of cardstock and score as shown in the photo. Fold, glue, and done with the box. I printed and cut the photos the same size as the boxes and glued them on top to give some dimention to the photos.
Orangish straw color with long lasting low head. Nose has banana ester and veggie nose. Beer has a nice moderate syrup sweet flavor, something akin to plum, and a nice amount of crystal malt. I'm getting a nice softness that is obviously attributed to the wheat. I would even give the kudos for the high carbonation, which works for both bocks and weissebiers. I absolutely loved the 4 star Glissade this year (not so much last year's), and love a good german wiesse bier. You know what. 4 stars for this one. Nice and simple, yet very good and very refreshing. A welcome change from SN's typical cascade hop glory beers.
And tadahhh this is my messy book shelf! And you saw my laptop? It's like in between somewhere there... HAHAHAHAH. You must be thinking like why the hell don't I just get a table and use my laptop there. But honestly, I like it like this. SO NICEEE. LIKE LAPTOP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE SHELF. LOL.
Act : Ilum – World Pvp – Republic Level 50 – Empire Level 50
Seriously? How is it that we are not responding to this. And with “we ” I mean the rest of the leaders of the world and all people living in it? How is it that we just watch a trial where people might have been forced to confess under torture, apparently are being humiliated and it just continues?
Y'all remember sweet little Lucy Goosey (usually called Princess Pants but Trent told me that was an unacceptable name for a dog)? She's getting so big! I insist you stop growing now.
Even more notorious than Ahmed Omar Abu Ali is former Dar al-Hijrah Imam Anwar al-Awlaki… Awlaki was the imam for Dar al-Hijrah in 2001 and 2002, during which time he was spiritual leader to at least three of the 9/11 hijackers. Two of them, Nawaf Alhazmi and Hani Hanjour, followed the imam from San Diego to Virginia and attended the mosque.
Anyone else? Ever? Please just pretend you do.
65. Nathan Haines - FM (4:41)
2.) Cut Out Magazine Pictures If you’re sitting there flipping through a fitness type of magazine and admiring all of the men and women who have six packs abs… and tight butts. Cut out a few pictures… that’s definitely going to motivate you because you want that too!
Casio Men’s WVA430J-1A Waveceptor Solar Atomic Ana-Digi Sport Watch is the first choice of the people who are technologically very advanced and wants to keep themselves updated with all the latest information everytime.The Casio company is always known for its creative, innovative and out of the box ideas for every class of products.
Jauge – Mind Fried
Country Living Magazine made a pair of simple paper mache bowls that become quite Springlike with the addition of beautiful pastel eggs. It inspires me to find other non traditional Easter egg containers from around my house. (Top hat, anyone?)
The light is coming from your soul, connecting with your mind and flowing through your body to produce lovely feelings or an inspirational Aha! You didn’t have to do a thing to get that sensation, and whatever evoked it didn’t have to make any special effort to create your feelings — simply by your soul’s receptivity to the light, you get it!
I’m part of a winter percussion group! What is winter percussion? It consists of the marching percussion (The battery) and front ensemble (The pit. I’m in this one.) We prepare a show to present in front of people and judges. It involves movement as well as music. The battery marches behind the pit in different patterns and shapes to create an interesting show.
O it’s “Please to walk in front, sir,” when there’s trouble in the wind.
Games like Simon Says, Musical Chairs and Simon Says are all fun & FREE!
"Well I'm having a glass"
Nonsense.
Now coming to today's recipe is a simple and yet delicious dish that goes well with rice and can be served with a spicy side dish/vegetable. Basically this a very mild gravy and we can adjust the spiciness by adding some extra chillies which will not make a very large difference.
Portland has some 40 breweries. Many are world-class, even out-of-this-world. Many ain't.
Isn’t that great? We think that’s fantastic! For the first time in history, you have the opportunity to engage with your detractors, and perhaps change their minds or mitigate their effect. See a good example of how doing so can turn a negative into a positive in the section Engage and Clarify. Being able to answer your critics is an unprecedented advantage for your enterprise, and how you deal with it will be important for your success with social media.
Helene Milena – Lay Pastor
And did you notice something hanging from the inside of the door? Yes my friends, that is our weekly shopping list, waiting to be filled out as soon as something runs low/out:
P.S. I deliberately posted this early to remind you morons to GO OUT AND BUY A CARD NOW!
Battery for controller: 6 * AA batteries (not included)
Very difficult without power, no coffee, no clocks, no TV or radio, no toast, no laundry, no ironing, no sewing machine, no hot glue gun, no computer, no phone.......started to do some cross stitch but it was too dark to see very well and then got too cold to do anything........so went back to bed, no electric blanket, but had two cats to keep me warm!!! Hope everyone affected has their power back on by now, this was not a fun time.....but at least we were safe.......
I can happily and gratefully say that what I'm doing is not a "diet" but a lifestyle change and overhaul. And since what I'm dealing with right now is in the "food and what you eat" category, let's just call it what it is, but you feel free to insert your own particular "subject matter". If it was a "diet" I think that I may have fallen by the wayside by now, but it's not. It's a bonafide slapped upside the head sort of "epiphany".
Of course, untainted by prejudice is a tall order for me when it comes to Bell's Brewery Inc. My experience is one of a long unbroken streak of excellent tasting beers from Bell's, so I will always give them the benefit of the doubt. Which is why I had no qualms about plunking down whatever Gomer's wanted to charge me for the six-pack, which ended up being north of $15. So yea, my expectations were very high.
9:00 – House (Fox): The team takes the case of a 6-year-old girl with a genetic condition, and must work with her specialist mother to treat her. Elsewhere, House and Wilson take a little vacation. That sounds cute, but this episode seems to actually be all about Wilson having cancer. No me gusta.
Lips speak
The so-called Battle Round was, in my view, a horrible screechfest, and I stand by that.
I was technically hired a couple of weeks ago, but getting all the paperwork sent to me, then sent back, blah blah blah…that all took some time, so I start at this new place next week.
I hope you will take part and cannot wait to see some of your truly nutty chocolatey delights throughout this month.
I pulled into a small side parking lot and snapped a few pictures of the outside of the building - wondering if perhaps I was too early to find them open. (Given later events in the trip, the colossal irony of this now nearly knocks me out of my chair.) The door was indeed open and I entered to find the place empty save a barman and a fellow working in the kitchen (Initially I didn’t see the back of the plant where the bottling line was chugging away mightily.) I hopped onto a stool at the bar and over the usual pleasantries the barman supplied me with a beer list and a menu. I pondered the options, perhaps too long, and settled on a pint of their Ball Park Brown and I ordered bowl of a meat soup that really turned out to be more of a stew that might easily have crossed the table in your mom’s kitchen. The Ball Park Brown presented a dark brown with a thin beige head and a thin mouth feel. It tasted a tad sour, not unlike some manifestations of Old World’s Dark Knight Porter (ah, I love the unpredictability of microbrews, don’t you?)
“As Elders, we believe that the justification for discrimination against women and girls on grounds of religion or tradition, as if it were prescribed by a higher authority, is unacceptable,” the declaration reads.
into a comfortable blanket
Music was very much a part of Holi always. The special holi songs , tappas, the kumayuni Pahadi holi dance and song groups mixed with Bhang was a heady combination.
LET ME.
It was then that I began to ponder what the mak cik had said to me. Yes, I know all along that it is the politicians, especially the ruling ones and organisations like Perkasa that are the shit-stirrers but I never imagined that it would be told to me by a mak cik. Also seeing the camaraderie that took place amongst the crowd, especially helping each other regardless of race and creed to overcome the chemical effects of the tear gas, gave me hope that we can still rebuild this Nation of ours, hope that there is still a future in Malaysia, hope that together, we are Bangsa Malaysia! This is the true embodiment of 1 Malaysia which has failed in its implementation by the current regime. But we can only do that provided we vote wisely during GE13.
Well how was that for a run on sentence! Ha! Well day turned to night and we were ready to hit the town after some balcony photo shoots and champagne of course . We were having a great time at the bar waiting for our table when we met this couple. They seemed normal at first until they just about propositioned ALL of us for a 6-way gross dinner continued in a normal fashion, drinking , laughing, singing happy birthday, walking to the 7-11 buying 40s and smart food popcorn and tucking ourselves in back at the hotel. (why , was that Weird? Do u not end nights with 40s in your pajamas?)
Murakami, who must still be stinging from his not only being bypassed once again by the Nobel Prize Committee for literature, but also from seeing the prize go to one of his compatriots last October, had produced a worthy prequel to his lengthy story. This fourth book, which I am hoping against hope will be the last one for 1Q84, may partly exonerate him for his previous excesses. His constructed reality had now stopped expanding and this time contracted, tying all the loose strands and introducing open-ended shockers. The origin of the two moons was finally revealed in this book's epilogue. It was an engaging story within a story that justified the preponderance of "paper moons" reference in the early books. Who would have thought that behind the sickly green moon was a logical, though no less surreal, explanation?
Stooges Lust for life US
Post Script: This is my final EMUs Debuts Monday post. I”ll post once more on a Wednesday and then, in developing tradition, will phase out, making room for newer members, who are already moving our collective blog into wonderful new terrain. And, I’ll definitely return for the book launches of The Original EMUs, who did so much to help me launch We’ve Got a Job. Thank you, all!
Reversal drugs injected, we put her back in the trap, where she remained utterly motionless long enough for us to open the lid and take more photos of her stretched out on the ground. Jason went back to the trap to check on her several times. Handling wild animals is always nerve wracking because no matter how careful you are, there’s a risk that something might happen. Within a few minutes, however, she was moving, so we shut the lid and sat down in the snow to wait the requisite two hours.
from their mink
5. What kind of dressing on your salad?
It’s attending an event like that, however, that helps to give me a feeling of some hope. Just when one longtime dream of how to earn a living seemed to have hit a snag and run into a delay for the time being, another — possibly temporary and perhaps still fulfilling — way to bring in an income was sped up.
07 Rock And Rôle
This is so much moonshine. No more now than in 2003 when then current project was first mooted, is this a feasible project. It remains, as always, a testament to the vain, unrealisable hopes of the coalition forces that they can bring peace and stability to Afghanistan.
Bake at 375F for 45 minutes.
If this is the case, and we condition ourselves to dislike certain things, we could be restricting ourselves from doing things we may actually enjoy. So, it would follow that if we can teach ourselves to not like something then, we can also teach ourselves to like it.
I seek knowledge by learning from various teachers which includes all of nature, small children, elders of the community, religious leaders, and newly acquired friends sometimes referred to as strangers.
This is due to inadequate health care in Chad.
K measured how much the faucet was dripping. She calculated sixty gallons every twenty-four hours!
We know this from the perverse wall pairings in the Temple of Lakshana in Khajuraho.
bones where meat used to be.
No, it wasn’t the time I untied the meanest dog in the neighborhood because I felt sorry for him being on a short leash, sitting in the dust by his pathetic doghouse, and he promptly wrecked havoc on the little chldren playing in the street. Mad Max was on the loose. He bit countless children. Oops, my bad.
A man under an umbrella walks passed St Paul’s Church polling station in Birmingham’s Jewellery Quarter, as fears that the wet weather may stop people going and to casting their votes in the local council elections.
The dog found nothing of interest in our backyard. Instead we just got to be the awesome house with six police cars surrounding us for the next several hours.
Someone should wish me happy falling.
So that some mistakes can be corrected
It’s Australia Day and the papers are full of the usual blab about “change the flag”, “the national Anthem stinks”, and “has anybody heard of the bloke they named Australian of the year?”
The Freedom to seek out and enjoy an environment that specifically caters to citizens that smoke is no less a Civil Liberty.
4. Shazaam.......my low battery light started blinking on this computer and I popped out of this chair like a gun went off. I would have cried for days and shut down this blog for good if I would have lost this list!
5. What is the most important thing we should know about you?
* global telephone network
daydreaming, and the house protects the dreamer, the house allows
individual, through his/her imaginative (symbolic) completion of the act, is
Chaos ensues when The Thing inevitably bursts out of the ice very dramatically and eats everyone one by one.
Opening night – an exciting, anxiety-ridden and thrilling experience for a playwright. Sometimes I think we must be masochists. It is a nerve-wracking experience watching your play performed on opening night. After years of work, hours and hours of laboring over the script, several readings and workshops… you finally find out if it works when it is before a live audience. You put it out there, your creation, for the world to judge.
Because, “Whatever good things we build end up building us.” (Jim Rohn)
The perspective of the second example is that they are there to support me to make my writing better. In fact, if you read between the lines, they are confident that I know the solution, and can make the scene better.
Everyone in my family made it through Irene and her aftermath without any major catastrophes. Thank goodness! Yes, we went days without power, but some of us had running water and gas stoves. (Still tossed out most of the contents of the refrigerator and freezer.) Yes, we were all separated for part of the time and often without even cell phone service so we were not able to check in with each other. That was nerve-wracking!
In the second place, beside all that, such faithless, disloyal, perjured folk commit a still more horrible sin. They make themselves partakers of all the abominations and wickedness of the Turks; for he who willingly goes over to the Turks makes himself their comrade and an accomplice in all their doings. Now we have heard above what kind of man the Turk is, viz., a destroyer, enemy, and blasphemer of our Lord Jesus Christ, who instead of the Gospel and faith, sets up his shameful Mohammed and all kinds of lies, ruins all temporal government and home-life, or marriage, and, since his warfare is nothing but murder and bloodshed, is a tool of the devil himself.
Using a Washington Post newspaper article titled Call the Senate's bluff on recess appointments as grounds for his authority, Obama defied the Constitution and jeopordized his career by appointing Cordray.
“What Would Jesus Do” took on a whole new meaning.
Mr. Claus was clad in a red fur suit, which was partially covered with residue from the chimney, and he carried a large sack containing a portion of the aforementioned packages, toys, and other unknown items. The party of the first part does hereby further assert that Claus was smoking what is believed to be tobacco in a small pipe, in blatant violation of, and showing complete and total disregard for, local smoking ordinances and health regulations.
2. Dig the meat out of the squash and mash it together with the spices. It doesn't have to be perfect.
The programme alleged that Uncle's charity, Uncle's Crookball Institute (UCI), spent more on book promotion and publicity than on building schools. Uncle took private jets to events where he was paid $30,000 to speak, according to the programme, and former associates accused him of using UCI as his own "private ATM".
Why then, does the scenario outlined in the Danish Civil War diverge so drastically from this prediction? The reason is simply that it is incumbent on us to consider worst-case scenarios, not best-case scenarios. In the best-case scenario, state and people would decisively oppose and reverse Islamization, using whatever level of violence (in the broadest sense of the term, including all forms of physical coercion) were necessary to secure their countries against the totalitarian political system that Islam is. Furthermore, they would do so soon, before Muslim populations became so large as to make a relatively orderly solution to the problem impossible.
comic strips, porno movies, circuit designs, grocery baggings,
7. Wish You Were Here (5:51)
But the good news is that I didn’t just throw in the towel. And I’m slowly getting back to a (slightly less than) normal level of activity, so that’s good. A long hike yesterday rewarded me with a loon (never seen one of those here before) calling on the pond, a handful of varioous warblers, bluebirds, catbirds, brown thrashers, a gnatcatcher and all the usual suspects (finches, robins, red-winged blackbirds, jays, hawks, herons, egrets, swallows, sparrows and so on).
Not to mention it would benefit his international hopes. Certainly Craig Levein would welcome a cheeky playmaker like McFadden back to his squad to supplement the already blossoming options at his disposal.
looking beyond the dried up earth,
spelling truths in the sand
Bersih 3.0 is expected to produce an even bigger crowd than last July’s, and there will be simultaneous rallies in Kuching, Miri and Sibu.
Death Valley is a destination unto itself, but the primary impetus for my initial journey was to complete the massive “California DeLorme Challenge (Southern & Central),” a 109-cache epic requiring a find on each page of the lower half of California.
“Thanks again, Munin.”
The effort is massive
Into a sexy pout.
In a large bowl mix together the flour and salt.
And my personal favorite:
The cover of the book includes an embroidered interpretation of one of my favorite quotes - one I've tossed around here frequently. It looks all squashy and funny - like my hand-writing and it should because I simply wrote it on the denim and then embroidered it.
1178 **D-I/29/1994. “Animal Sacrifices and the Sacrifice of Morality.” MENSA of Illinois Meeting, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), above, pp. 484-93.)
If you remember that, you're doing better than I am.
Camping
There are certain segments in the work force that travel for a living, the military, construction workers and truck drivers. Being away from home for long periods can cause mental health issues such as depression and relationship issues. While the military has built in mental health services that they can access and construction workers are usually in a town long enough to find a mental health provider, truckers are rarely in a town two days in a row so cannot utilize such assistance. This is no longer so, there is now TruckerTherapy.com.
Who are you fooling?
Today, however, is all about B for Basilisk, a creature about which Nicky is eminently qualified to write, having produced an excellent novel of the same name. The late, great Douglas Hill said that Basilisk 'ranked with the best in modern fantasy', and I definitely don't disagree with him. It certainly hooked me by the back teeth and held me till the very last page. Its richly lush language is a pleasure to read, and the world of Above and Below Nicky has created here is both compellingly convincing and scarily bloody enough to satisfy those who like their YA fantasy with a dark edge.
It's Sunday night, it's around 8:30 pm.. and it's time for a new freebie, and what a cutie he/she is. This one is the first of a couple of cute bears that I have drawn, the second will be along later in the week ahead, so keep an eye open for a new post.
Another example I previously used was some neighbors we have who would constantly scream, yell and cuss at their kids; sometimes even so much as beating them. Do they not realize how much that can affect a child in the long run? Or even better; do they even care? There is a phrase I’ve heard parents say many times that really gets me heated, “You make me do this.” That right there proves that particular parent should never have been a parent in the first place. Years and years of all kinds of disrespect and abuse like that towards children will create teens and adults who are mentally and emotionally messed up because their parents didn’t care enough to teach, nurture and properly discipline them.
Yuck. Beige and boring. Its right off of the garage and next to my kids rooms so it's easy for them to chuck in dirty clothes from their bedrooms but there was no place to put anything. Here it is today.
Your playing time for this day is over. You can play again tomorrow at 11 am 39 min. etc.
Why are you here?
360
Just a little bit I wrote up this morning to take a bit of a breather from Script Frenzy, focused on one of my old characters from a project I sort of locked away for a while. It’s probably not too interesting, but I liked it a bit when I gave it a little read over (next time I look at it I’ll probably wonder why I even thought it was anywhere near worth posting), so here you go.
Never to feel a breeze
In Spanish, "¿(me) entiendes?", in English, "you wiv me?" (a lil' bit of London accent there), in French (whenever I get to speak it, very rare these days), "ah, c'est vrai", which comes out as a cross between a question and a statement; and in German (even less frequent than French), "nicht wahr?".
It is said that 'things often happen for a reason' and I am a real believer
Welcome to a ‘New Day’. The title of the first, of five, episodes of the Walking Dead Game. Our first taste of what Telltale Games have in store for the number one zombie series known to man. They’ve collaborated with the creator himself, Robert Kirkman so it’s clear this game or series is in extremely great hands.
Miss Squeakers: Momma, you know everything!
For abuse does not discriminate
Series of 12
Beat together butter and sugar on low speed (using a hand or stand mixer) until fluffy. Stir in vanilla, food coloring, and egg; mix well. Sift together flour and baking powder in a small bowl and slowly add to the sugar mixture, combining well after each addition. Once combined, stir in chocolate chips using a wooden spoon.
I've used the Sale-A-Bration stamp set Sprinkled Expressions and whilst I was at it, had a play with heat embossing too! All cards use the same colour combination of Elegant Eggplant, Tempting Turquoise and Melon Mambo. Here's the first one I made and my favourite too:
Farm murders in South Africa have reached a crisis point and stern action is needed to tackle the problem and to have it classified as a priority crime, the Solidarity Movement (specifically Solidarity, AfriForum and Kraal Uitgewers) said today. The Movement was reacting to the spate of farm attacks that has terrorised the farming community since the beginning of this year.
So does Fransisco’s tenga tostada served up in a, quite literally, hole in the wall in the market. Tenga is a gravy dish, with slow-cooked chicken, not fatty or greasy, layered on a tostada – a flat, crunchy tortilla — with cooked beans, crema fresca, avocado and garnished with pickled onion and sautéed cabbage.
Rovinj has a festival tomorrow. Should be fun.
Unfortunately, my piece offering MoveOn.org and other traitors adspace on my blog at the discounted price of $65,000 seems to have brought out the worst in some of my commenters. My dear friend Kathleen Maher, whose delightful fiction blog Diary of a Heretic recalls the days when writers like Charles Dickens and Wilkie Collins serialized their stories in magazines, tries to hit me up for a free ad. As Lou Grant once told Mary Tyler Moore: "You've got spunk … I hate spunk." I do appreciate the backhanded compliment, however, she gave me on her own blog. Even worse MW at Divided We Stand, United We Fall not only tries to sell ads for his own site, he undercuts my price by $15,000.01! I would seriously consider reporting him to the Blogger Ethics Board if I did not think it would just give him the attention he so desperately craves.
So that’s my story.
V-- Means you're very sweet
I have had this idea for soap pockets for many years, and finally got around to creating something I think is wonderful.
On the Home screen, click the Sound and Alert Profiles icon. Click Change Sounds and Alerts.
19. Enables the release of over 6,000 patents of suppressed technologies that are being withheld from the public under the guise of national security, including free energy devices, antigravity, and sonic healing machines.
Surgery was scheduled and the only pain I experienced was when the “mapped” the area where to cut and inserting a big needle into my squished breast. I experienced no pain afterward and thought after surgery, I’d be able to resume my normal activities in a week or two, including going back to work and playing tennis and working out at the gym. WRONG! The surgery went very well and my incision looks good.
but still. wine. yummo.
I’m pretty pleased with it, and I hope Lindsey and David like it too!
We discover that the whole story was a letter written to a woman that haggard, gray haired Dae Su is meeting with in a snowy forest landscape. She tells him that she has no reason to help him, but she found something he wrote touching, "Even though, I'm worse than a beast, don't I have the right to live?" She warns him that hypnosis could distort his memories, but he isn't bothered by that. She asks Dae Su to stare at a tree and she retells part of the story. "You're inside Woo Jin's penthouse, it's a dreary night. The sound of your footsteps to the window permeates the room. When I ring my bell, you'll be split into two persons, the one who doesn't know the secret is Dae Su, the one who keeps the secret is the monster. When I ring my bell again the monster will turn around and walk away. With each step the monster will age one year. When the monster reaches 70, he will die." Mi-Do finds him sleeping in the snow and asks if someone was with him. He notices the woman's footprints and sees two chairs set but but gives no indication. Mi-Do says "I love you, Oh Dae Su" and he smiles strangely.
And now…it looks like VOM will go back to doing whatever it was doing before Tom “allegedly” killed himself. I know I’m being sarcastic, but I can scarcely contain my disgust at this moment.
1 12-ounce package semisweet chocolate chips
It was a perfect combination of design, London chick, urban feeling and rock star quality.
Well I guess this calls for another occasion for procrastination.
a mix of cinnamon sugar
Now all Michelle is worried about is will Lexi upstage her on the big day? :-) :-)
Defense: Florida
she sat and wondered, how did it all come apart.
Unbeknownst to many people, hemp is one of the oldest and most versatile crops in the world, and has been cultivated for centuries. The question on everyone’s mind is undoubtedly, what is the difference between edible hemp and smoke-able hemp?
Juan Garcia, 50, New York, N.Y.
The general public is well-acquainted with the film “The Bourne Identity.” Only people do not know that the mysterious organization Dread Stone that stood behind the anonymous American political killers and was housed in Langley, has a real terrible prototype. And this is Gladio.
Sweet Mother is updated daily. If you’d like to follow this blog, you can do so by clicking the “follow” button at the top of this blog.
These are the stencils I used:
-hands full, heart full
Cross Cultural Symposium:
Whether you have ever prayed a single prayer or not.
Thus, the blog began...
On past trips, overnight flights began with dinner and a few drinks then a bit of reading or channel surfing before dozing off for a few hours before arrival. Of course not this time – occupying a two-year old while maintaining a moderate noise volume for six-plus hours is a full-time job. And with the five-hour time difference, there was no way bedtime over the course of our visit would go smoothly.
Jacqueline de Montravel
Education, awareness and communication are essential. Parents and teachers need to understand the problem and the technology involved and maintain an open line of communication with children. Parents have to actively engage their children in dialog about bullying and make them feel comfortable about discussing it.
By how special he thinks she is
Ages and occupations unknown as I only overheard them in a Cardiff pub on match day, but from the accents I would say from Cardiff. Both were discussing how they would vote but were basing it on the policies which the Assembly has introduced, “I like the free prescriptions but they spent a fortune on that building.'
According to the Wikipedia article I linked to above, the 1941 conflict between these two neighboring South American countries dates back to 1840 and it revolved around a border dispute. From 1938 to the war’s start, Peru and Ecuador mobilized their forces to the border and the occasional skirmish broke out.
Then to make matters worse, a week or so ago my neck started hurting. I have what two or three doctors called a sebaceous cyst growing on the back of the neck. It's fairly large, but not huge. I was worried it had become infected, and went to the urgent care clinic at the hospital. After making it through triage, the nurse looked at it, and her exact words were, "I'm very concerned about this..." She went and grabbed a doctor. He looked at it, and kind of tsked, and said this isn't a cyst, but I didn't need to rushed into surgery or anything. So... whew. Later he told me it was a lipoma, a noncancereous tumor. How can so many doctors get something so simple wrong??? I will probably be having surgery in a few months.
The Nobel Committee said they awarded him the prize for “his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and co-operation between peoples.”
1/2 c lightly packed fresh basil, roughly chopped
"I've never heard the word. It sounds Second Realm-ish?"
It's been almost two weeks since I last wrote a post and a lot has happened. I've debated whether or not to blog about it because I don't want to be all sob-story. But it's an important life event that needs to be shared.
He knew it had been wrong, but it still brought a smile to his lips and a gleam to his eyes. Frio had a gun and Dylan suspected she would never hesitate to use it. Maybe someday they could go out to the desert and target practice.
I missed you all.
Carbon Pencil and Chalk
There has also been far too much rain to collect any of the leaves, they were very slippy underfoot.
Mmmm, these are one of my favourite types of biscuits. I know everyone likes Tim Tam’s but I prefer Mint Slice.
Another god-send option is to sell your music via a music store such as iTunes. You can record your music in a studio or even at home and submit to an online store. Your monthly revenue is paid directly to your bank account.
Beautiful day on the lake, but a smaller turn out than years gone by...
Wow, you're really going to shut up right after I tell you too? That's never happened before.
And the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave
Of course, as soon as I cut into the wool fabric, I wanted my new coat. Does this happen to anyone else? I have so many different ideas for so many projects that I will never have enough time to finish them all, which makes me impatient to finish whatever I am working on. Once I have my pattern and fabric, I want to wear my new creation!
Magnolia Dookickey (swirl + leaves), Punch retro flower,
These little Flower Mary Jane's are from a pattern I bought on Etsy from monpetitviolon. It was an easy pattern and it's always nice to make something that doesn't take weeks to finish, haha. Can't wait to put them on some tiny little footsies.
Why ever was he born!
Peel the sweet potato and the beet. Cut into 1/2 inch cubes. Toss in the olive oil, salt and pepper and place in one layer on a cookie sheet. Bake at 425 for about 25 minutes, flipping halfway through.
Wereley said that the leak may be 20 percent more or less than his best estimate, but it’s still far, far above the 5,000 barrels per day that BP kept proclaiming until very recently — about 20 times as great.
Chinese companies and multinationals bring different strengths and weaknesses to this competition. The Chinese have traditionally had a bias toward innovation through commercialization—they are more comfortable than many Western companies are with putting a new product or service into the market quickly and improving its performance through subsequent generations. It is common for products to launch in a fraction of the time that it would take in more developed markets. While the quality of these early versions may be variable, subsequent ones improve rapidly.1
2. I love to hold a book in my hands.
I feel the same sexy I felt when I was 21. The same sexy I felt at 30. The same sexy that I somehow LOST along the way over the past year and a half – along with all of the extra weight. So this, has been a long time coming.
At first it seems obvious that it would be a more difficult task for parents of Mixed kids. Making sure they do not feel like oddities, or caught between worlds, making sure they feel connected to both or all of their ethnic worlds, making sure they know there are many others like them, these are some of the issues Mixed parents have that most other parents do not.
Well this time last year I was working in McDonald’s having a gap year. I applied for Early Years with QTS to 5 University’s including this one. I got 3 interviews but no place. So I made a decision, fees are going up next year so I am going to do something I have wanted to do since I was 12…Creative Writing.
Or is it because Counterjihadists embrace the notion that everyone is born free and should be allowed to live their lives as they please within the boundaries of the law without government interference or having government-sanctioned ‘political opinions’ rammed down their throats?
But let’s get back to Cary Grant. He was suave, handsome, charming. When “Charade” was released, he was 59 years old, playing a romantic lead opposite a 34 year old Audrey Hepburn. But the 25 year age gap meant nothing to me. I loved the chemistry between them. I started looking for more Cary Grant. And I found him. I think I can honestly say there isn’t a film I didn’t like him in. Whether it was the Oscar-worthy (nomination, but not a win) heartstring tugging of 1941′s “Penny Serenade,” or the daffy comedic antics of 1944′s “Arsenic and Old Lace,” I loved every minute he was onscreen. Nominated twice, he never won an Oscar except for an honorary award in 1970. Nevertheless, Cary Grant is my favorite actor of all time.
intoxicated by that
Just last night, there were several instances where he chased after me, whining, and said "mama".
Monkeys – the born and the feeding, wait.
The end breaks my heart How's this for a line? "I can survive on memories..."
i followed the addicting song
Enjoy this video..........it says it all!
Do you know the box method? When I first moved up to fourth grade I thought...wow, double digit multiplication is hard! How am I ever going to teach it in a "non-traditional" way that makes sense to my students?
Meet Me In St. Louis (1944) ... TCM ... 6 PM
We tried the carpaccio, and the seared tataki. The carpaccio was fairly traditional Italian, with thinly sliced raw beef, arugula and shaved parmesan cheese. The beef texture and flavor were amazing – because it was raw, you could really taste the flavor and unctuous fattiness of the waygu beef.
I can't help but get sad every Mother's Day though. I miss my Mom and my Mother in Law, who are no longer with us. And all my favourite Moms are very far away. And then there is Kerri's biological mother. Her sacrifice is the reason I am a mother today. I wish she knew what an incredible child she brought into this world. And how blessed I am to be Kerri's mommy.
Anwaar: Why are you scared?
[50] Michael Green, 2 Peter and Jude. Tyndale New Testament Commentary, (rev. ed. Grand Rapids: William B. Eerdmans Publishing Company, 1987), 14.
In my previous post, I showed you this Bunny Wreath that I made to decorate my department at work.
This top, however, I am not so sure about - I'm a little on the fence. I love the colour, but the length is a little much. It's in the wash right now, so that may be the breaking point. If it comes out all wrinkly, I'm likely to pass it on. I hate ironing!
you would discover
And all I could think about was you coming home, putting you in bed next to me, and not letting go of you for at least two days.
promotion and reach captain in the SAPS. Competent officers from other
And then I glued the whole thing together. There was only enough time left in class to glue one side; I'll have to do the other side next time. Even though I only got one side together, I was pleased with the progress I made this week. It usually takes me longer to get to this point and so it's satisfying to have a side put together already. It's makes it seem more like a piece of furniture in progress instead of a pile of sticks.
“I’ll do my best. What can you tell me about them? You got names?” He edges closer to hear his monitor’s response.
We braved the weather, got the tree and put it up in record time.
When John F Kennedy spoke the TRUTH, remember what happened to him! That is the fate in store for anyone who dares to step out of line and demand TRUTH. Think what a very different world it would be today if Kennedy had had his way and the truth had been revealed. He stepped out of line and he paid with his life. He was a man who put his people before himself. He will never be forgotten. The future of mankind and your planet are in your hands. Yes, you – all of you. Are you prepared to do what it takes to rescue them from the dark plans of the Cabal?
If love is true, it can always seem gnu
Although it's set in the future the story took me right back. The music references were like a trip down memory lane and the author has kindly compiled a mix tape for listening to alongside the book. Epic soundtrack!
“This is so good it could make a vegetarian eat meat,” Chicky told my Dad. Mission accomplished.
“I don't know the reference,” said the marble, turning red.
Oh. I'm sorry to hear it. Well then, what does your publisher think of your book?
Taizo Ishikawa, 50
The Tenant of Wildfell Hall, Anne Bronte (courage)
U.N.K.L.E. - Rabbit in Your Headlights
It ended up coming at the perfect time - there's a couple October favorites in the mix. But I started with Reefer Madness - somehow or another I have managed to never see this movie, and I thought it sounded like fun.
After their remarkable performances at Coachella and Groezrock, Pukkelpop 2012 offers you another opportunity to see the hardcore heroes of Refused at work again. Their grandiose reunion show is planned on Saturday 18th August. On the same day you can also celebrate the return of Billy Talent. The Canadian punk rockers will be in Belgium for the first time since the absolutely terrific concert they played at AB in 2010. In June the band will bring out a new album, which will be energetically presented at Pukkelpop.
It was hard to say goodbye to them knowing we wouldn't see everyone until January. They told us they would be praying for Elisabeth's graduation, the wedding, the holidays and then they said they would pray for our travel back and then informed us to be ready to get to work! This church is so excited about reaching the lost. So that's about it....next time you hear from me....we will be in Texas!!!!
Urquhart said the auto industry has proven resourceful in overcoming supply chain problems as shown during last year’s earthquake in Japan and floods in Thailand.
Text from “ex-gay” Pastor DL Foster reads, “The supernatural, radical, wonder working blood of Jesus is cleansing someone right now from #masturbation addiction in Jesus name #freedom.”
One had an electronic schematic involving diodes, transistors, limiting switches, solar panels, and a flux capacitor.
Aside from the temperatures near 100 it was a pretty good day. I ran across a woman with a free baby/toddler toys box and got a couple goodies like a red picture die and a fake cellphone. Then we ventured out into the country and found a huge sale of kids stuff and got some really nice stuff for 2 dollars total. Several stuffed animals, kids cds, a couple books, 2 new swimming suits, some summer clothes and my girl's favorite: a 10 cent xylophone.
Health Care Model National Health Insurance (Medicare)
That brings me to the second point behind my Twilight awakening. Bella’s ending — immortality, including the ability to survive without sleep, surrounded by everyone she has ever loved (except for her Mom, sadly), more than a few of whom were positioned to live into eternity right beside her– would be my ending if I could choose it. But I can’t, first because I am a human and second because I am a Biglaw associate. Biglaw associates are generally captive to their firms. So long as I am not billing 8 hours per day, any time I take for myself, my family, my friends, etc. is stolen time.
One thing I find it does do, however, is to promote some kind of life retrospective. It's not like there's some kind of formal effort to gauge where you are in life, what you've done, and what's left to do. There's no more of a sense of urgency in things yet undone today than there was 6 months ago or even a year ago. To be honest, a year ago I don't think I could have dreamed I'd be where I am right now or some of the things that have happened over the past year. And that's part of what I enjoy - letting life unfold itself and sometimes being surprised at what happens next.
I don't know how long I wandered, lost in the fog, or at least a fog of battle.
The simplicity of the dark duck meat cake at hotel was excellent: confit.
It is not uncommon to have a hard time when backing the car out of tight spaces. There are many people that have trouble and often deal with running into other cars or causing accidents due to backing out the wrong way.
Once again we`ll stroll `neath the mountain,
This provides another indication as to the nature of lunar power. Pray to the Moon when she is round is referring to the time of the Full Moon. “Luck,” we do not particularly care for that word. We prefer the term “good fortune,” which comes in various forms, i.e. opportunity, money, etc. “And then good things will then be found on sea, in sky, and on solid ground,” i.e. everywhere in the physical world.
Yes, I am worried that my health is starting to worsen.
All I have to say about that butter is, DAMN! That's some butter. Tom and I agreed that getting used to the strong, bovine-scented dairy products is going to be a big adjustment. My entire life, all my dairy products have been pasteurized and processed to within an inch of their lives, and the butter that comes out of a waxed paper wrapped just does not taste the same as the thick, musky, creamy stuff that comes out of the glass jar from Essex Farm.
I was a little shocked when Joyce turned into the hardware guy. I thought she was killing him with the handshake but then she went all Leviathan. I wasn't sure if George just worked for Mr. Roman and was human or if Leviathans actually have weaklings. I guess they actually have weaklings. Though George had a lot more to him in the long run.
It's been a long time between posts, but I have a good excuse, I promise! Since EJ was diagnosed with ASD, we have been so flat out organising therapists, and then seeing those therapists for assessments and the like. Then trying to work out what areas we want to deal with first, and then proceeding with actual therapy. I feel like I have just come up for air. *pant pant!*
‘The Wisconsin primary is April 3′.
According to the tribe’s attorney, Larry Stidham, legal options are being discussed with the first step likely to be a request for a dispute resolution with the state and it that fails a possible appeal to the federal court.
Reading anything written by Bill English is just as bad. Yesterday we had John Key saying that we’ve embraced the “Keynesian way of doing things” and to not expect a zero-budget with slash-and-burn improvements. There is no discussion of economic policy in the media.
GINGER ICE CREAM
Being a perfectionist makes me a bitter, angry, selfish, complaining, neglectful women.
Before the next session started I got the kids together and we said a prayer that it would work and we would be able to hear and enjoy conference. And we did! Because I humbled myself and said a prayer with my children, we were blessed. It didn't pause on us one time! The kids were so excited when Justin and Hyrum got home to tell them that we prayed and made the internet work.
If you are interested in how large corporations (some of which are named) have turned what should be a source of sustenance into a multi billion dollar conglomerate that has more power than even our governments, not to mention running over anyone or anything in their way, buying out those who don't agree with them, even lobbying to have laws passed to favour their way of running their corporations, then you must see Food Inc.
This week's selection represents a long-overdue paring of extraneous layers of control. Why have expensive, salaried personnel at their stations on the Sunny Side when you can install the only douche bag who really matters?
The good news is that the iSeries, when preparing sql statements, is doing an explain plan and logs it’s advised indexes in a system tables. But all advised indexes aren’t good to create, may be you can reuse an existing one by re-phrasing your sql statement. So we had to list advised indexes and existing one for each table, take a look at the number of times the index was advised,…
in Jerusalem you are never alone, remember you are in Jerusalem.
” This is a fantastic landmark achievement for us, and we’re extremely delighted to see such an incredible amount of people enjoying our games. We remain committed to creating more fun experiences and bringing exceptional quality to Angry Birds Fans everywhere.”
Rain
It just feels so nice to be able to sit down and let my characters flow from my pencil again.
Will and his father Kyle have a difficult relationship. They haven’t talked in years and Will didn’t even know about Kyle’s assignment. Of course, Will agrees to hunt down his father.
Barren and infecund, only dissipation rife,
"I'm a big fan of Michael Powell's films. They're just
scarlet toadstools, moth wings, eye of blackbird -
Curry Tomato Rice:
When I do not walk by your side
I will enthusiastically use my social media “Klout” to share stories about rainforest and Great Barrier Reef biodiversity, artists and poets like Oodgeroo Noonuccal, efforts to be green, and cutting-edge cuisine. Discovering Queensland’s growing wine industry and opportunities for hiking, camping, and other family friendly adventures are also topics of great excitement to me.
"You are a peculiar little woman, baby."
So that was a total of 10 cakes to bake, fill, frost and decorate. Thankfully, DiL #3 baked the 4 extra cakes and DiL #2 helped me the day of the wedding. We were both tired as we finished the final touches just as the wedding was ending! It was close!!!
Anyway, the longer it stays out there, the more flexible the rules seem to get. But two things remain:
She leaves in that checked flannel shirt, a strange trophy, high on predator instinct.
That said, the fact that one can can identify specific groups of women who are likely to find the company of non white males more appealing, still does not answer the question “why?”. Particularly in relation to the second group, which can include some bright, or, at least shrewd women. Why would they willingly choose relationships which they are no less likely to become victims than the council house aspiring single mothers, indeed probably even more likely than that group to be the victims of violence?.
In the beginning, I worked up a larger sheet of white cardstock with the PP in blocks of colour and then used some for the background, some for the main image and some for the journaling.
I will never give up dreaming, but I want to give my dreams
And all those angry anti-comparison people are actually right, there shouldn't be a comparison. It's apples to oranges really.
I am always so excited when I receive a gift that I feel has been chosen especially for me with care and attention and even more than that I love to try and think of presents that will make my friends and family happy... Feeling spoilt, feeling loved and feeling as if the people in your world understand you, 'get' you is one of the greatest gifts of all...
DR MAROON: The Not So Smug Award for Best Scriptwriter goes to…
Many of our CHRISTmas ornaments have a story and an uncanny way of welling up emotion in me, but this certain one causes an intense stir.
Closing warning Paul admonished them to be on guard for their real enemy that they may be able to withstand the schemes of the devil. Their battle isn’t against flesh and blood (Jews & Gentiles) but against ruler of darkness. We have amour for this battle, neglecting it could be fatal.
2. Laws of criminal possession
He and Ben are on the verge of two separate but similar discoveries. THIS will blow the last stinking fish out of the water! People who were of the cabal are defecting in record numbers. Even we on the ship are surprised by the velocity of the tide turning. Quite quickly one event will run into another and another.
I noticed my favorite detail of all when I went to change the toilet paper a few days ago (the above picture is just a dramatization). I should backstory that I’ve always been slightly irritated by the standard toilet paper holder that you have to press in to change the toilet paper and put it back. At our old house the whole thing would routinely fall apart and the spring would go flying. Little did I know that this was an option!
Roti is a wonderful unleavened bread served hot from the griddle. Along with its variations, such as phulka and chapatti, it is a staple in many parts of the world, especially the Caribbean, India and the Middle East. There are myriad fillings. One of my favorites, a popular Indian dish of lamb with onions and mushrooms, inspired by a Madhur Jaffrey recipe, makes a perfect filling although not originally intended as such.
The little white dove
3 recall
Every time I went there I forgot my camera, so instead I took a couple photos with my phone to capture the “before”, however, just recently I dropped my phone into the toilet. Everything works, except my camera and my picture/video albums. So I have no before photos.
I would like to stage an intervention. This is a somewhat unprofessional intervention, since I’m not an expert. But I think you’re supposed to list the ways in which the offender has affected your life in negative ways. So here goes (feel free to add your own to my list):
We are taking this action because we believe it is vitally important to alert our members of unethical and predatory publishing practices that take advantage of their desire to be published. We respect Harlequin and its authors and hope the company will take the appropriate corrective measures.
Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that Eldest and Tiny probably have the chicken pox. Yes, Eldest was vaccinated for it, under duress, but the other children haven't been. This may get exciting. And with that, I shall return to attempting to clean the house.
Sometimes we may need the strength that comes from setting out our fleece and seeing the hand of the Lord create a miracle. But most times, I think that our miracles can and do come through the miracle of prayer. We are children of a God. He has given us our intelligence and minds to think and act for ourselves. Further, he has not left us comfortless. He has given us the gift of the Holy Ghost to guide us in our feelings and decisions.
The British report Wednesday quotes a UK academic, Birmingham University professor Scott Lucas, speculating that the diplomatic cable may have been a critical piece of evidence or simply a pretext on which to arrest Fashi. “It could have been used as a pretext against him; to set him up as a person who could take the fall for the assassination,” Lucas said.
Technology had overwhelmed me and I had left my true love behind. However... I flipped the switch and built back my stable of pens and posts and here we are.
He is the one who died for my sins and all the rest…
Then there was Star Wars.... I distinctly remember going to a brand new theater to see this one... I tagged alone with my older brothers and their friends. Again had to be 15 or 16... And this is what they said to me before the movie started: "This is critical! Every time you hear Obi Won you need to clap! If you don't you will be the only one in the theater not doing it." Well of course I believed my big brother ... I mean who wouldn't, right? Do I need to go further?
She wheeled me down and I had my initiation into NICU scrubbing. We went into his room, and after we were settled the nurse put him in my arms. I got to hold him for the first time, and the wires and tubes just disappeared. They melted into nothingness, away from the space that was just him and me. What a glorious moment!
Paper-line your muffin pan,
Registration and participation are free. For more details www.nicechess. net.
Cara: You bet. I wanted this girl to be a troubled and troublesome character. I wanted her acting out in ways that weren’t so pretty. She’s not always nice, she’s not always thoughtful, and she definitely makes some big mistakes.
7Have nothing to do with these nations who still are living among you; let not their gods be named by you or used in your oaths; do not be their servants or give them worship:
1 destined
While, this may not have been my personal choice to wear to a White House party, I have to admit that I love a girl that takes chances. The supermodel is wearing Yves Saint Laurent.
My girls all came home from school happy and cheerful and it was a wonderful homecoming. They all greeted me, smiled, and there weren’t any hints of sibling armageddon.
What to do? Well – I dug around the web for some options – but nothing really struck me as the solution I wanted to haul halfway across the world. And as it turns out – I had this almost 10 year old Timbuk2 messenger around (medium) – and a Domke insert that I’d picked up out of curiosity.
Dinner was fettucine with clams and camaróns (shrimp) in a white wine sauce served with caesar salad and garlic bread. I think Vera mentioned she smuggled in the clams from San Diego and bought the shrimp locally. It’s interesting to hear folks here talk about smuggling goods into Costa Rica. Everyone seems to do it without any qualms. It reminds me of John’s mum who used to smuggle all sorts from Sault Michigan thinking nobody would stop a little old lady.
What we should care about is that we consider where we are living today. We are living in a black majority ruled African country, whether we like it or not. If we thought 2011 was bad, 2012 will be MUCH, MUCH worse in every respect.
sights on California for a new beginning, she never dreams a war party will attack the wagon train she travels on. She and her new-found friend Molly are the sole survivors, but when Molly succumbs to her injuries, Sarah is left alone to find her way back to civilization. While trying to mount a stolen horse, she suffers a rattlesnake bite that threatens to accomplish what the Indians failed. Is it her time to die or does Sarah
Merrill DataSite is a safe virtual information space (VDR) solution that optimizes the actual research procedure by providing a very efficient and secure method for discussing key business info in between multiple events. Merrill DataSite provides limitless access with regard to users globally, as well as real-time activity reviews, site-wide search in the record degree, improved marketing communications with the Q&A feature as well as exceptional project management service — which reduce deal time and money. Merrill DataSites multilingual assistance employees are available from anywhere in the world, 24/7, and may have your own VDR ready to go along with thousands of webpages loaded within 24 hours or much less.
Louis Vuitton is understandably concerned about the negative association that Plesner has created between its product and the war in Darfur. LV’s Dutch pleadings, as translated by Plesner’s lawyers, raised an additional concern that “the picture with the Audra Bag of Louis Vuitton is being used as an “eye-catcher” for [Plesner’s] exhibition, where, as said, many other works of art of Plesner are offered for sale besides the painting with the Audra Bag”.
Rule 105 – Any Party who is subject to a Direction from a Tribunal must follow that Direction as so Directed by the Tribunal. Any Party who fails to do so, may be found to be in breach of this rule.
14. The continued allowance by defendant of TLA holders to cut and deforest the remaining forest stands will work great damage and irreparable injury to plaintiffs — especially plaintiff minors and their successors — who may never see, use, benefit from and enjoy this rare and unique natural resource treasure.
It was now shortly after midnight. My father and I came in from the cold deck to the hallway or lounge. There were quite a few people standing around questioning each other in a dazed kind of way. No one seemed to know what next to do.
I’m angry my son was a victim of another’s actions. I’m upset he didn’t tell anyone what was going on, taking matters into his own hands until a Series of Unfortunate Events led to an explosion of bad judgment and flaring tempers, with someone getting hurt and someone getting suspended. Bullying is never okay. Namecalling hurts (Josh got lunch detention for his actions, which without a doubt incited the other kid’s snapping) and all anger and resentment do is fester and lead to more anger and resentment which leads to…
Someone thought it would be a great idea to use the iphone as a DSLR camera
Here is a stunning picture of one of our Astronomy students, Stephanie Bernard, looking at the stars with one of the amazing volunteers. Thanks to Jenny Riding who took all the photos that night.
“Critical Legal Studies Reading Group (CLS Group) is an organization comprised of students and faculty, that is comprised on reading about and discussing issues of sexuality, gender, race, class and postmodernism in the law, as well as Critical Race Theory, Feminist Jurisprudence, and other related areas of critical thought and analysis.”
I don't know if difficult is the right word, but it's more time consuming than I'd anticipated. As a new novelist contracted to a small publishers I didn't expect to have a massive launch party and huge advertising campaign so it wasn't a shock to find marketing is mostly done online and through local press. If anyone would like to assist in this, I've been assured that a few good reviews on Amazon will make a big difference!
Coworker 2: Not that much, but it’s worth it since I basically never have to do anything.
The Hangover Part II is The Hangover, it’s just filmed in Bangkok.
So without the internet I sat in bed doing some blind contour drawings. For these you draw around the image without looking at the paper, only looking at the image, and use a single line. I couldn't use a real life picture of a seahorse to draw from (how much do we rely on google images!!!) so used this one, which I just LoVe:
Please note that this giveaway is open to anyone with an email address. Please also note that the winner must be sure to factor s&h costs when using their $50.
“What a pity!” I said, resting my chin on my fist. “Perhaps you could give me her card so I could ask her back for another visit.”
and find 2 balls that were the same...
And yet, another question.
You will be astounded with what you will find if you do this. There are things you can do and things you can contribute that will make such a difference. Be what you were meant to be, minus the clutter of all the illusions you have been operating under for so long.
Two things I didn't expect about this beer: it had an enormous, fluffy head that persisted to the final sip (amazing for a beer of this potency) , and it had a distinct hazelnut flavor. I looked at the website after I bought it to see what I'd gotten (the label was terse), but they offered this useles information: "piquant in the mouth with liquorice, mocha flavors, pear and toasted bread background." Which makes me wonder--do they even try the beers, or just select adjectives at random?
@ Esperanza: unfounded in fact is probably right. Emotionally real
We're all so very excited to help Amy celebrate her nuptials. Being that I'm the artisan in the family, Amy has asked that I help accessorize her (and the rest of us) for her big day! SO this is the first blog post in a series of projects I'm working on for Amy's wedding. I'll be doing the bride's jewelry, her wedding veil (which I'm so excited about), my mom's jewelry and a few other surprise pieces thrown in there too!
1-5 Recorded live at Paradiso, Amsterdam, 11 January 1980. Recorded by Omroepvereniging VARA for broadcast on Dutch public radio.
9.wolfpack
Today I want to introduce you to my next Remix inspiration. Over the next week or so I will take this card that I designed and use it as inspiration to create a scrapbook page. On the top of my blog there is a link that will take you to past Remixes so if you are new you can jump back and see what its all about! :)
Benzoic Acid – In almost all vertebrates and in berries. Used as a preservative in mouthwashes, deodorants, creams, aftershave lotions, etc. Alternatives: cranberries, gum benzoin (tincture) from the aromatic balsamic resin from trees grown in China, Sumatra, Thailand, and Cambodia.
“The Bat, part II” is quiet, moody, reflective, darn near spiritual, a fine conclusion to a quite interesting ride.
We were so tired today at church...really, really tired, but no regrets.
is it all ready Monday again?? whew! that week went fast! I have noticed that I am carrying my camera around with me a little bit more and am taking more and more pictures the more comfortable I get. I have been shooting in M, and while challenging at times, I think I can see a difference in my pictures!! what about you!
He gets better-as-old with all this Love.
None of them have a quantity.
The society, therefore, was ahead of its time, and became known for its inclusive tradition of Protestant and Catholic members and helping those of both religions.
*I’ve totally been waiting for the day I could slide in the ATL reference in a post. WOOT!!!!!!
The initiative is co-financed by PT TUV NORD Indonesia and German development bank DEG. ASSIST offers technical expertise, training and technical assistance to local companies for this project.
add the juice of 2 large lemons
Here are the DT creations all lovely as always , those cupcakes look so yummy ... sorry I have not done mine this week.
And like a slap upside the back of the head, I knew. St. Colette. The same Saint whose intercession I had all but mocked only a week ago. It had to be St. Colette.
In the same week that I met Cos Desmond the Message to the People of South Africa came out, and when a Zulu version became available we went on a tour of northern Natal, visiting some former members of the Liberal Party, and some of Cos Desmond’s former parishioners, distributing copies of the Messagewith its attack on the ideology of apartheid.
Have your travels influenced your writing? I would have to say that everything influences my writing—including both physical travels, and psychological ones.
No really that’s awesome. The world needs to see people living as a community.
My mum likes going to see musicals in the afternoon. She's 80 and an evening performance is really a bit too late. So as a special treat she is now to see an evening performance of a play with her husband, stepchildren and step-grandkids.
Books.
Let’s use the example of a intention to illustrate what this means — this will be useful since intentions are crucial to the whole dialectic between Craig and Schieber. Suppose I intend to eat an apple. My intention has a world-to-mind direction of fit: in order for my intention to be satisfied, the conditions in the world must change in such a way that I consume and digest the apple. But my intention has a mind-to-world direction of causation: the mental state causes those changes to be brought about in the world outside the mind.
The jury is still out on just how white the slipcovers turned out... Although most of them turned out perfect, I have yet to pull the big bottom piece with that dreaded left-hand arm rest out of the wash. I will make sure to keep you all updated.
“White male fit non smoker clean shaven openminded looking for adult fun with couples and/or females. I cannot accommodate but can travel. Discretion assured and expected” (posted in the alt.sex.swingers.uk newsgroup).
Note: if you bake the cookies for about 10 to 12 minutes they are more soft. As longer as you bake them as harder they will get. Do not bake them longer than 15 minutes. I like them harder and love to dip them into hot coffee or hot chocolate.
An Asian girl talking urgently into her mobile
Quel’dorai Steed – 100 Champion’s Seals
On the bookshelf there you can spot some VHS... an El Topo pre-rec I scored somewhere, a bootleg of Love Camp Seven, ultra-gory Spaghetti Western Cutthroats 9, Splatter: The Architects of Fear, The House That Vanished, and Succubus, which is a retitle of The Devil's Nightmare.
It sat in my junk room serving absolutely no purpose for about a year until the arrival of Charlotte saw my junk room (which was the temporary home for many of my 'just because' items) become sole real estate for one beautiful bouncing bambino.
I had heard of making pesto with spinach so I did some Googling and came across a recipe at Bell'Alimento. It was my first time to this blog and I absolutely loved it! She had a spinach pesto recipe that looked very easy to make. I made a few tweeks to it and we all loved it. I've made it with and without the pine nuts. If you decide to omit the pine nuts you may want to reduce the lemon juice (I didn't).
"Go on," encouraged her dad as Sam paused with her foot on the lowest step. "I'm right behind you."
40. In Canada, the most productive day of the working week is Tuesday.
While your hearts are yearning.
In Dallas County, the wrongs are being righted because "the evidence — decades after it was collected — was there to test," District Attorney Craig Watkins says. The county has been retaining evidence for decades, some samples since 1978.
Category: 9 Specialty Honey Beer - 24 Entries
It’s always easier to blame teachers or some non-existent welfare queen than the corporations actually doing the dirty work.
I really like their selection and the fact that you can find them in boutiques all over the world from France, Dubai, Australia, USA and of course here in Canada. If you want to try out a pair of the most comfortable jeans in the world I recommend you check out their website to find a boutique near you!
“I don’t know, frankly, I’ve wondered that myself.”
Also, I think I am in love with Christopher Egan. That is all.
Lukey said a definition of the term "severe weather" should be considered as it had created confusion.
Book reviewed provided by Tundra Books.
“I don’t know, just find something, and fade it to the rear speakers,” the officer said, less patient and between grunts from his dislocated shoulder.
It’s time to honor the special women of the season! Sunday, May 13 is a day set apart for something special for your mother above and beyond the love and respect she deserves daily.
Cardstock: PTI - White; Stampin' Up - Basic Black, Pixie Pink
See/ this stuff just bugs me too much to enjoy it.
Apparently the existing chaos and volatility in the financial markets are not a concern, rather:
I found this yesterday. I´ve been listening to Lisa Hannigan for quite a while now, and of course I knew some of her stuff with Damien Rice - though I don´t like all of it, some of his songs are a tad too dark and gloomy for my taste. But this one left me with this "WOW" feeling, and I put it on repeat and am now constantly listening to it. The video is eyecandy, as well.
IPA that breaks all the rules with more malt, more hops and more aroma.They even age this beer in Oak for good measure.
Is this to be expected now? That craft brewers, using the Internet and other new-wave means of communication and information, will turn to 'outlandish' stunts and 'wacky' commercials? Probably. Many people will rant and rave, from both sides, if this is right or wrong.
This kitchen is maybe the best kitchen I've ever seen. Is that too dramatic of me to say? I mean, LOOK at those FLOORS!!! I'm also usually a sucker for white or light cabinetry, but the black floor to ceiling cabinets are so, so pretty. I also love the glass doors that expose all of the white china. The oversized island really grounds the entire space and I love that it's white. It's a great contrast to all of the black in the space. Also, check out the painting above the range... amazing. And to top it all off, an antique farm table to warm up all of the high contrast black and white.... this space is just TOO good.
Xilla: Yeah, She loves you.
It happens that way sometimes. Life is moving along quite nicely, then something goes wrong. Then something else goes wrong. Before you’ve sorted out the first two problems, along comes a third, and a fourth. You feel as if everyone is conspiring against you: your friends, your family, your teachers, your boss. You feel totally overwhelmed by the pressure.
So, the first movie - time to start paying off, right? Not so much.
So, my head feels like it is about to implode at any minute. Or maybe explode. I am not clear on which. But it hurts whichever 'ploding it is about to do.
3) If desired, wrap each tree, label and freeze up to 1 month. Twelve hours before serving, remove trees from freezer. Thaw in wrapper in refrigerator. (I skipped this step.)
Our agency had been unable to locate the boy's file on the computer system, but finally on Wed Dec 29th, they found it and sent it to me.
This outftit, however, got more "ooh, that's cute!"s than any one I've worn in a while. Even men were commenting on my tie, and they usually never notice when I wear heels or a cute skirt.
“so what happened?” I asked, beginning to get interested.
The record is chock full of speed and blur. I'd say they were influenced by the likes of SOB, Outo, Gauze, etc. The vocals are what make this for me. I love the Totally raw recording on this ep. The songs are all like 3-4 mins long, but the only one with any metal influence that I'm here is "no see mine". The others are all raging hardcore tunes with some cool breakdowns to boot. Enjoy.
Band of Outsiders - This collection speaks to the grunge-y side of me! The oversize sweaters, the neutral colors and long hemlines all look so good together.
They even got quotations from the Opposition, to show the ruling party’s patronage on certain business personalities is still very much alive, just like former-abuse-of-power-convict Anwar “Mat King Leather” Ibrahim’s immediate charge against then Dato’ Seri Dr Mahathir Mohamad when the former was sacked as Deputy Prime Minister on 2 September 1998, ‘cronyism’.
will always turn out to come not true.
Jupiter and Uranus Major Activation
you know, the ones involving lumber, power tools and skills to use either.
and jagged rocks in the floodways.
pasta of your choice
Next we have Cara, who asked, "I want to see innovative colour pairings with wine. I've said multiple times it's my favourite colour this season, and since I don't have much in that colour for casual wear, I want to live vicariously through you!"
Fiji will not accept an offer by its neighbors to soften sanctions if military members are replaced in government with civilians, says Acting Prime Minister and Attorney General,Aiyaz Sayed- Khaiyum.
The sailors of Osprem's Kiss rallied swiftly at the command of their captains and first among them was Cuahto who drew his strange magical maca, creating illusory tattoos on his face when he charged into battle. The sharp obsidian blades hit the coils of the monster but it obliviously went on grappling the vessel and nabbing a panicked eunuch with its maw. Morgan rushed to assemble the cannon crew below deck on the port side. It would be a hard angle to shoot from as he had to wait for a coil to come into line even as the timbers of the ship creaked around him. Araxo and Scar took to the main deck covered by arrows and stabbing spears of Ospremites, and hacked at any weak spot they could find while Victor climbed the rigging to get a closer shot at its head. Pickles meanwhile harpooned the upper length of Black Fin to hang on and get an up-close attack at the beast with his silvered meat cleaver. The fearlessly muscled cleric hacked at the serepent and took chunks out of it's scaled side.
The Commission held the claim invalid because "said zinc anode" did not have an antecedent basis, because the term "zinc anode" does not appear in the claim prior to the term "said zinc anode." Accordingly, the court invalidated the claim under 35 U.S.C. §112 ¶2, which requires that the patent specification shall "conclude with one or more claims particularly pointing out and distinctly claiming the subject matter which the applicant regards as his invention."
an "X", the roman ten, formed by the wonderful Meli G.
Marcus Miller, T.M. Stevens on bass,
There has been global attention on this story. The small town residents say there has been so much publicity the bar could reopen successfully now. The owner is more amazed than upset.
"And what's up with geese?" (Ditto.)
It was a beautiful day. Following a long stretch of cold weather, the clear sunny day of 41F felt deliciously warm. I had been running in Vibram Five Fingers on the treadmill, or in socks, but I decided it was warm enough for a short barefoot run. We have a nice .75 mile rubber track on our base that is black so it soaks up the sun nicely. Being the wimp that I am, it would have been too cold to run far on asphalt or cement, but the rubber track was only cold in a few places where it was shaded or damp. To stay close to the gym and on the rubber track, I ran 2 out and backs for a total of 3 miles. It was utterly fantastic! Feeling the ground under my feet and the sun on my face was like coming out of a dark depression. I didn’t wear sunglasses, just let the beautiful rays stream into my eyes to lift my spirits and buoy my steps. I made sure I didn’t push my speed and stayed at a conversational pace so I was really surprised to find I had averaged 10 minute miles! I was thrilled to know all my gym time has paid off and have not lost too much ground. I felt strong and rested and flew over the ground like I hadn’t missed a day! It was really hard to stop at 3 miles, but I think I would lose my mind if I had to wait months to run again so the fear of reinjury kept me in check. Even worse what that the following day the temps were even warmer, but I knew my foot was not ready for running 2 days in a row and so I forced myself to wait.
I am going to describe and show 2 techniques that, when used together, give the possibility of reducing this load down to where it should be, tracking the load in the application (I’ve seen 2 orders of magnitude), removing the large overhead.
As some of you know, I’ve been REALLY getting into new fiction, getting to know independent writers (and forgive me if I am incorrect in calling them Indie Writers, as I’m still pretty new to this game).
Kirk: No no no…she’s not into me. There are very few things in life that I am absolutely certain of…um, this chick does not like me.
Danielle, a 18 year-old teenager who has been stealing for as long as she can remember, has been trained by her mom to know who to target. And she’s recently found her best catch; the beach town Heaven. Filled with huge mansions and rich families on holiday for the summer, nothing could look better to Danielle andher mom. But everything changes when she meets actual friends and a guy, and find out that her friend lives in the target house. And that her guy is a cop.
Xiang is in a preschool program every morning now, but she still manages to keep busy the rest of the time. Her favorite toys to play with are balls, and sometimes she is very protective of them!
A lot of bodies would accept abandoned one affair to say, and echo it endlessly if talked to. For some, this would be a communicative improvement.
In a small bowl, mix the 5 seasonings together. Sprinkle a good tablespoon into the cavity coating as much of the inside as possible. Add remaining seasoning mixture to the butter mixture.
As regular readers of this blog will know, this year I have been looking to establish Roots of Reggae as a regular entertainment fixture in Brixton and, at the same time, look for ways to deep our social purpose of bringing people of all ages and backgrounds together.
1 eyebrows
For centuries it was understood that the world was a living being with a soul, and that we are a part of this being. Once we remember this in our minds and in our hearts, once we hear the cry of our suffering, dying world, our prayers will flow more easily and naturally. We will be drawn to pray in our own way. There is the simple prayer of placing the world as a living being within our hearts when we inwardly offer our self to the divine.
Life is good. We have been so blessed. Thank you for being such wonderful friends and family. We want you to know of our love for Our Savior, not only during this holiday season, but all year long. Merry Christmas!
that’s the only justification i have for this silly face.
- Amazon.com. Everyone buys stuff there, and a $25 gift certificate is usually more well-received than a gift made with love. Also, it's near impossible for me to make something for *less* than $25.
Speaking of big bucks, I’ve totally forgotten how much I paid (except it was a lot), and I paid through money orders that I have no record of, and got rid of my notebook (probably a mistake) in a fit of reducing clutter in my house. But I asked our group and they seemed to think we paid $360 a month for 5 months, and then $280 for another month. Those figures aren’t exactly right, but are close. So that would be around $2000. There’s a fee at the beginning for the medical exam and lab work ($250?), and then there’s the product. The more you are on, the more you pay, obviously. It’s approximately $2.50 a product. So I guess I was “lucky” (ha!) to only be on 5 a day. I think there was only one other person on 5, the rest 6, or more (for some of the guys). I’m assuming it’s based on your height, how much you weigh at the start, maybe other things. The doctor you see before starting the program sets the amount.
For mountain bikers everywhere, cross country is the way to go. It offers you a new assortment of bikes, new areas to bike, and a new twist to mountain biking as you know it. If you've been looking for a mountain biking rush, cross country mountain biking is what you need to be experiencing.
We went over this already.
There are very few of us who know just what all of Obama's Czars do, as they quietly go about their "work" in the nation's capital. This listing of their names and job descriptions should be educational to all Americans, no matter what your political leaning. See who they are and realize what they want to do:
I would have thought, that after all the criticism launched by the AFN at CAP for being so critical towards First Nations peoples, that the AFN itself would never walk down that same political path. Yet, it appears that Atleo, in an attempt to distance himself from former NC Phil Fontaine and make his own mark, decided that selling our souls to the devil would help him do that. It is a naive political strategy that demonstrates Atleo's inexperience in high-stakes politics. He decided to support the Cons as opposed to the Liberals & NDP and decided to follow Harper down his assimilation path instead of participating in concrete social action or stand in defense of our peoples and communities.
Joyce describes this notion of epiphany in Stephen Hero (the early version of A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man), when a casual encounter in Eccles St., Dublin impresses Stephen:
jeans - Guess?
The SABC's policy on violence is as follows, "To ensure that any broadcast of material containing scenes of violence, or violent behaviour, is justifiable in the context of the SABC's functions and purpose."
I hope your week is as smooth as buttahh!
I do like Roman Kozak's abilities and style considering that English is definitely his second language, and what little that I have read of his various articles for BILLBOARD and the like regarding the underground were good enough to satisfy my usually jaded self. It ain't like he's another industry whore (or at least he did not have the airs of being one), and his encapsulations of just what was going on re. the New York rock scene (above and under) sure reads a lot better'n Anastasia Pantsios' rather pithy and dry reminiscences regarding the Cleveland groups of the past and present. But I do detect a slight industry-ish feel to this tome which does make THIS AIN'T NO DISCO come off more like stodgy history 'stead of a celebration of the last great moment in Amerigan garage band rock, and that ain't exactly something I'm looking for in any sorta read to pass mine eyes. Perhaps this coupled with the lack of highly-charged photographs does tend to dampen things a little more'n a maniac such as I would have hoped.
A bit later, the doctor came in and asked, "Hey, weren't you guys here just a couple weeks ago?"
16 Dreams I'll Never See 07:49
What can we learn from all this? That Utah's 4th district is extremely conservative and extremely white.
Damn she had pretty eyes. Pretty hair. And she smelled good, too. He couldn’t figure out what she smelled like. Something that made him want to swipe his tongue across her neck.
Fry Light
No, my friends and fellow-letterers, I will not give into this looming lassitude because I am actually having a laugh or two (or twenty-six!) over these words and I know that somewhere out there, someone else might share my love of this language.
imagine what you could do...
The net effect of the legislature’s misguided micromanagement of labor markets cost the state of Georgia, in Mr. Minor’s estimation, lost revenuers of $140 million, which, when the “multiplier” effect of that money is factored in, amounts to about $390 million.
- An apron for messy workshops.
And so we almost begin. I think it’s necessary to give you some backstory, here, before I go into the foibles and hijinks of the actual date.
They are healthier and make you fully satisfied. I had used whole wheat flour and very low sugar but this is entirely up to you. The dough is so great to work with. If they are crumbly, add a tablespoon or two of milk. Roll the the dough by hand to get smooth ball then flatten slightly and top with almond flakes or other nuts you have on hand. They turned out amazing, crunchy outside but soft inside. Totally addictive!
Once I got a chain letter about "86400".
The cost of education is a particularly hot topic among members of China’s middle class, many of whom are unhappy with the quality of schooling in China. But only the relatively rich can send their children abroad to study.
Hi Everyone,
Great would include NO headaches.
With most of the early D&D artists being gamers themselves, they understood the lethality of the game. They understood how fragile their characters were in a dark dungeon surrounded by voracious, fearsome monsters. If I could generalize, the art was about the monsters or about the scene, not about the characters. Monsters normally overshadowed the depiction of PCs. They were larger and took up the majority of the visual space. They would be presented in the foreground and made a priority, or, their superiority would be emphasized by being positioned higher than the PCs. Monsters would also be depicted surprising or surrounding unwitting adventurers - a technique referred to as dramatic irony. Normally, monsters would be sticking it to the PCs in some fashion, such that the scene would provide a single over-riding message - things aren't going well and you are (more than likely) going to die. To old school D&D subculture, we could easily see the self-reflexive humour of it all. We, through the artists, were poking fun at ourselves and the situations we've all found our PCs in at one point or another. These were meaningful to us because they were evocative, otherworldly, and funny. In some cases, the worse the predicament of the adventurers, they more it peaked my interest. I don't think I was alone.
anything but this
The Totoro sushi is pretty simple to make. The white part is normal sushi rice and the grey part is rice coloured with toasted ground black sesame seeds. The whiskers are soba noodles and the eyes and nose are made out of nori and cheese.
13. Make a career of your activism: Seek employment in an activist or volunteer group. Get a job with an NGO (or start your own), which is a new type of social institution, of recent evolution, which seeks to function as a new social check, and also to provide services to those groups that have been ignored, which are not deemed important enough by the powers that be. A specific area that still needs a lot of work, and therefore where there should be a lot of growth and opportunity in the future, is in the international coordination of activism, to offset international institutional collusion.
Why, it's Megan, the Irish step dancer!
As a parent myself, one of my greatest desires is for my own kids to find the kind of positive role models they so desperately need in today’s day and age. The old adage that “it takes a village to raise a child” is still relevant, but so often missing in the lives of kids these days. Camp is one of those places that provide these role models, in a safety-conscious, growth-oriented, fun environment. Finding the best staff to work with Camp Jorn campers is not only one of the greatest parts of my job, but one of the most important!
We’re celebrating Mother’s Day with a fun Blog Hop at Designed 2 Delight!! There’s lots of prizes involved, so be sure to START HERE and read all the deets. If you came from Kendra’s Blog, you are in the right place!! Every blog on the hop is giving away a FREE DIGI to one of our blog readers, so be sure to read clear to the end. *Ü*
It. Was. Awesome! This was my "era" that I missed. I am a very "peace, love & happiness" type person. Although I disagree with how the troops were treated in this era, I think we learned a lot from that mistake in general... and I LOVE the music of the time!
I forgot to get spinach for this one you see pictured, but it goes good in this soup! Add about ½ cup frozen, or a couple handfuls of fresh.
We can blow by these statistics or we can consider what they mean for our country and our churches. There must be something systemically wrong with a culture that allows these things to happen.
Any Easter items bought from my shop will be sent in a little Easter drawstring gift bag that the item will fit into. I will also be adding these large organic hemp Easter gift bags above to my Etsy shop for purchase, ready to be filled with treasures for Easter Morning:)
I rather enjoy the draught Jever Pils. Nicely bitter with a touch of malt, verging on sweet ripe grassiness. I would say vegetal, but not in a cooked-cabbage or sweetcorn sort of way, more like chewing a stalk of grass – barley is a kind of grass, after all, and the very light kilning of pilsner malt allows that freshness to come through.
Stories of Your Life and Others by Ted Chiang
The L.A. Times reports:The report by City Administrative Officer Miguel Santana says the Los Angeles Police Department spent $1.3 million monitoring protesters during the course of their two-month demonstration outside City Hall, and $1.3 million evicting them. An additional half a million dollars was spent by city security officers, according to the report.
Having your flight delayed by a couple of hours can ‘sometimes’ truly be a blessing in disguise. A couple of weeks ago, on my way back home after vacations and when faced with this predicament, I did what I usually don’t do to counter these kind of situations – buy a book!
1 llull
Doubts of our conviction
I woke up and started getting dressed. Then I started to pile on my laundry. On top I had a white tech shirt, then a pink tech shirt, then an over-sized blue t-shirt to try to hide the madness. On the bottom, I wore a pair of running capris, pulled on my skirtsports skirt, then pulled up a pair of tech shorts over the shortie of the skirt, but under the skirt part.
Add a bit of oil to the pan and then add the spring oignons. After they’ re roasted, add the patatoes and the carrots. After about ten minutes, add the curry paste and let it roast. Then add the bouillon and the rest of the vegetables. After another five minutes, add the tofu and the parsley or thai basil. Cook until the vegetables are almost even, then add the coconut milk and let it stew for about five minutes. Enjoy!
Portable DVD Player Advantages
infinite color texture love
Makes 2 big loaves
Paul wrote many of the books of the New Testament. He is the one to whom God revealed this “Mystery Dispensation.” Ephesians 3:3. What he writes is direct revelation from God for the world of today. Not for the world in Noah’s time, or in David’s time or in the time Jesus walked on the earth—but for TODAY!
Trev Warner – fiddle;
She blushed, confused. How can this devil say it so easily, he wasnt that kind, she thought.
died my father was already
Italian food is one of the most democratic food in the world. One can always find an Italian eatery or restaurant in almost every continent. Italian recipes ar considered to be extremely flavorful on with a wonderful aroma that enhances the flavor of the food. Usage of flavorful and rich ingredients such as cheese, tomatoes and olive oil is common in most Italian recipes. Staples include wheat and semolina flour in the form of various types of pastas and breads. The most famous of all Italian foods ar the pizza and pasta recipes, that have secured a high place in the global cuisine as well. The high popularity of such dishes has also influenced neighboring cuisines such as the American and European cuisine as well.
The New West
The Rev. Peter Fossett was born to Joseph and Edith Fossett. As an adult, his family lived in Cincinatti, Ohio, where Peter was, first, a well-known and respected caterer. He eventually left that profession and was ordained a Baptist minister, organizing the First Baptist Church in Cumminsville, a suburb of Cincinatti. He served that church faithfully and well for thirty years, and became a respected leader in his community. After his death, fifteen hundred people (both black and white) attended his funeral.
It is worth recalling the financial crisis occurred in September 2008 in the final months of Bush’s second term.
8. Go Do
"Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened,
I begin this episode of Neonopolis with a sign I drove by for many years without stopping. Part of the problem was the fairly intense traffic along Interstate 45/the Gulf Freeway. This Harmony Wedding Chapel is on a feeder road off of I45, and one of those times, I finally pulled over and got its weathered old neon sign.
And he simply dies without legacy;
If you have a similar story to those recounted below, please feel free to leave a comment, or contact me at BrianStuy@Research-China.Org. Your privacy will be completely protected.
Jesus Christ is our model for intercessory prayer. Jesus stands before God and between Him and sinful man, just as the Old Testament priests did: For there is one God, and one mediator (intercessor) between God and men, the man Christ Jesus (1 Timothy 2:5). It is Christ who died, and furthermore is also risen, who is even at the right hand of God, who also makes intercession for us (Romans 8:34). Therefore He is also able to save to the uttermost those who come to God through Him, since He always lives to make intercession for them (Hebrews 7:25).
There are so many different labels/genres in rock music these days that I actually don’t know where my music would fit, nor do I stress too much about it. My taste in music nowadays is so broad that if I produce another solo album it’s likely to cross over into several different styles. Throughout my career, I’ve been inspired and influenced by such a diverse range of artists and composers from Hank Marvin (The Shadows) to John Lennon through to Hendrix, many of the prog rock artists of the seventies, through to Mahler, Stravinsky, Puccini, just to mention a few.
I tried the fried fish, with french fries as skeptically as I could and still came away a convert. The food was truly delicious, a sinfully guilty pleasure. I've always believed the mark of good comfort food is the enjoyment that comes from eating something you know is probably not good for you. And the crispy, salty, greasy but not too much, portions along with the total coma I'd fall into after eating seemed to indicate how far from fresh fruit those meals were and added to the pleasure. And sadly now it seems the moment is over in exchange for some actually awkward news.
The Paradise Driver's cabby career ended in 2009 when his eyesight began to fail. He went through a rough time with finances, health, and near-homelessness, and when he was diagnosed with cancer, moved back to California. His blog stories began to dwindle, but he continued to post news and amusing anecdotes.
Since it was a nice day for once, they met in Cathedral Gardens. Molly was wearing tiny cut-offs and causing the boys on bikes to almost wheely straight into the side of the Urbis Centre. Jess sat down on the grass and Molly perched cross-legged next to her.
Holy angel, Heaven
Beat eggs until foamy. Add remaining ingredients and mix until smooth. Heat small skillet, spray with cooking spray. Remove the skillet from heat and pour 1/4 cup of batter, quickly turning pan to spread batter out into a thin layer. Cook until middle appears dry, then flip to cook the other side for about 30 seconds. Turn out onto wire rack. Continue to make 4 crepes.
Thank god he laughed. Saying something like "You sure get straight to point, don't you?" His mum definitely brought him up right because he had his manners intact.
This stanza just seems kinda childish, kind of like someone’s ego wrote it. Maybe Miro needs to get over himself first and lead by example? Just a thought. . . . Put up my response, Miro, and deal with it!
* Chiles: Cut a slot out of them and take out the seeds and veins if you want them to be less hot. Chop up the pieces you cut out of the chiles and add them to the beans, along with some onions
Another round of drinks and suddenly my mission for the night was so clear: I was going to try and get backstage with Del to… hang out.
Spelling: Again, I've learned not to marry "spelling" with "handwriting." One of my boys would end up in a puddle of tears every time I made him s-p-e-l-l a word on p-a-p-e-r. I then started having him spell the words out loud, which quickly showed me that spelling wasn't the problem--handwriting was. Ah. That I sorta knew how to fix, and we were both a lot happier.
A Sly Stallone (director, writer and star) vehicle about a gang of guns for hire who are recruited to save a small South American island nation from some ex-CIA thugs and a dictator.
Snowy White Bird of paradise UK
VICTORIA, BC -- A distillery that endured years of legal battles with the Scotch Whisky Association over such things as its very name has emerged with top honors in the 2nd annual Canadian Whisky Awards revealed Thursday.
Obama thinks he is omnipotent and omniscient? Then you must have stood and cheered when he noted — wisely — that the U.S. would have no comment in the first days after the disputed Iranian election, noting that any comment would be taken by the rulers as evidence of U.S. interference. The U.S. cannot dictate what happens he noted then, and often as well in regard to Iraq and Afghanistan.
to fulfill this
And burn away the flannel under which lies waiting
I ate really well all week, and I enjoyed everything to the fullest. If you’d like to take a peek, you can become my friend on MyFitnessPal. I also upped my calories from 1200 to 1400, and most days I stayed closer to 1300. That small increase made a big difference in feeling more satisfied. I’m happy to say that I didn’t have any episodes of overeating at all. AT ALL. Which is especially wonderful because there were times of great stress, which is usually a trigger.
With certain items I’m a bit of a geek, Star Wars is one, I grew up with these films, from sitting on the sofa watching the TV with my mini Start Wars action figures when I was about 5 years of age.
It is amazing how many skills (and syllabus outcomes) there are when you do a craft project:
A modest beginning is always a safe way to start.
Dance.
We were a little early--it was about noon--and as Steve found a place to park the car, I tried to see if anyone was coming out of this tucked-away home. The midday light was painting all the tree's leaves, and we wandered around the house's circumfrence as Steve tried to call Levon. We didn't have to wait long. After a minute or so, Levon appeared, shirtless and stretching from a night's sleep, obscured by a screened-in porch.
That tension between answering and not answering can be very frustrating for me, because it looks like I don't value their friendship and concern, and nothing could be further from the truth.
2 teaspoons vanilla extract (or vanilla bean paste)
rust in the flora scatters in shudders.
Yikes! I must get back on track. SO – if you’re thinking of picking up the book, do it, do it!
- taking out the trash often even if it isn't full
I also found myself wondering how it was that society, being outraged by paedophiles wanted them to obey societies rules but to stay outside society, to remain outcast, to do without the protection of community. I realised if I was that outcast I would flick a finger at society and carry on.
NOTE: Broken heart by sin; wounded by sinners
Weightier Things
this recording is all except the encore(s) and a little bit of news and weather.
"Longer."
PREFACE TO ‘HIGH FIDELITY TRANSMISSION, A PLAY ON AIDS’
CSN is letting me treat one of you lucky bloggy folks to a nice helping of 35 e code to shop at CSN! Now,How nice is that! Those people are just wonderful,huh?
He responded, "I could check the weather.". At my confused expression he added, "or play an educational game."
On this day, we gather because we have chosen hope over fear, unity of purpose over conflict and discord."
I have more photos and things to share about his special day, but for now I just want to share some photos. After we all rest up and recover from our adventures in illness I will share the rest of the day.
"Working for Peace and Understanding through media and to shed Light on Islamic 'culture'."
So, when I was invited to a Murder Mystery party this past weekend by a friend of ours who really is the hostess with the mostest, I knew that I would have to bring my A GAME in the dressing up department! With the accessories needed to spruce this average girl up to a 1905 flirtatious tramp named Chastity Darling, I knew that the only thing missing was the clothes to cover my rather less than desirable body. So with credit card in hand, I tromped off to the local clothing store.
then we decided to give her a "neckotomy",
Revenge Of Broadcast TV
After the rejection, he was still inside my thoughts and in front of my eyes, most mornings, at the gym, as I pedaled hard and tried hard to ignore him.
Optional final step (not shown above, but shown on finished cookies at the top of the post), accent the green stem (when totally dry) with a green edible marker.
Travelling solo gives you so much freedom to do the things you want. That said, melancholy sometimes come unexpectedly. More so if you have been to a place with your family and the next time you travel there, memories circle in your mind. But you don’t have to let the blues pull you down.
A great get well soon image for a male card
Level 7: Recovers 70 HP and 21 MP every 4 seconds.
On the way back, they ran into many more hikers, and so the mom was feeling much more secure. There was a large group of German hikers, who politely asked if they were on the right trail for the bald, a group of about 4 older ladies who were having a fabulous time. Everyone was friendly and engaging. About a mile into the return trip, the family stopped to allow a couple, traveling the opposite direction, to pass on the narrow trail. They stepped off the path and drank some water, gearing up for the uphill section of the hike. After a few minutes, they noticed that the other couple wasn't coming down the hill, so they stepped back onto the path.
Ahhhh, the Grocery Store. That place full of food and stuff. The place we've been to thousands of times in our lives, but never really get to know.
Antenna length = 0.25 x wavelength = in meters
Yes, that’s right: the package had vanished and UPS finally admitted — egads! — it was lost.
‘Shut that door behind you. Do you think you were born in a barn?’
What matters is its impact: his profound sense of abandonment. His overwhelming pain – today, still unresolved – from the decision made by his parents “for his own good”.
Title: Virtual Dream Vacations
“Elizabeth wrote a message to me. Somehow, she got it past her kidnapper. I was looking for more evidence.”
I just recently discovered Origins! Origins is a skin care and cosmetic brand that uses all natural ingredients. This is great for someone with sensitive skin like me! I’ve tried a few products from Origins, and each one has delivered it’s claims! Their brightening peel pads are what originally turned me onto the brand, and are something I plan on keeping in my skin care collection for as long as it’s on the shelves!
Naturally, I tend to get a fair amount of spam because I have the tendency to reply. Most of it doesn't tend to go anywhere, but recently I've had a couple that have led to amusing exchanges. I thought I'd post them here so that they aren't a complete waste of time. Today's post focusses on Nenny, a Swiss lady who has more money than healthy breast tissue, as you'll soon find out:
Our stop before Mexico was Roatan, Honduras. If you enjoy going to a place that has been entirely created by the cruise lines, and is crowded with just more of the shops you've seen at every part, this is your spot. It may have been the rain that poured on us. It may have been the fact that Amber lost her hat in the water when we were on the sky coaster thing. I'm not sure.
It’s the same in the summer, a few days of heat and everyone complains that it’s too hot, the Government issue warnings to the elderly to keep themselves cool, sales of BBQs and beefburgers go through the roof and those who really shouldn’t wear shorts and flip flops think they have an excuse to do so.
“You’re stupid,” I responded with my comeback du jour.
In the same spirit, the chairperson of Uganda Women parliamentary association Betty Among and on behalf of the Uganda Women’s Movement presented a statement in parliament condemning in the strongest terms the police act and demanding an apology from the Uganda Police and government in general on behalf.
And it's amazing what a difference new grass can make. Here are some before and after shots of our backyard from our new loft, the photos taken 2 weeks apart.......
But this Spring is different than those of recent memory…
The Sevastopol lease, however, runs out in 2017. And Kiev has informed Moscow there will be no renewal. Russia's fleet will have to vacate Sevastopol and the Crimea, which belonged to Russia before Nikita Khrushchev ceded the entire peninsula to Ukraine in 1954 in a "brotherly gesture" while Ukraine was still part of the Soviet Union.
d) Addiction Specialization (social workers, AA ashtray cleaning, nursing, dealer –either here in a Nevada casino or located at the local street corner-)
I chased him around the living room and he finally dove under the couch. I was so angry that I moved the couch. Spooky moved with it. (He was crazy but he wasn’t dumb.) I moved the couch again. Spooky scooted with it and stayed perfectly centered under the center cushion where I couldn’t reach him. I moved that damn couch all over the living room and it wound up in the dining room, but he wouldn’t come out from under cover.
Now, the search for Satoru Kobayashi’s killer can go on indefinitely.
You may see it differently, but this was my take, and what I found most interesting -- and sad -- about this film.
Ever since I've been into this hobby I've always wanted to have one or two good inkwells, little did I know I would have several! However, I now have three unique inkwells that work perfectly with the new TWSBI 540 pens and TWSBI ROC 100 pens too.
3nos Dry red chillies
The ingredients I used are:
Now to get started on the 'tv fee' for leaving the tv on or maybe just make it a 'stop wasting electricity!' jar :)
I have enjoyed writing, reading, and connecting. The wonderful responses have been uplifting. Even the negative ones have helped me to grow. I have gained confidence, clarity, and compassion. It has been like a dream, having people read and connect with my words.
I never worry about overeating, yet I could be a food addict. Perhaps I need intervention and so may many other people who steer clear of bowing to the worries of overeating and suffer from symptoms of an addict (unbeknownst to them). According to the Time magazine article symptoms include eating to the point of feeling sick and difficulty functioning due to attempts to control overeating or overeating itself — This news has revealed more brain activity in regions involved with pleasure and craving than women who had one or no such symptoms. Consequently, the cure to addiction lies within an obvious yet difficult concept to conquer, self-control. The craving will always exist it is knowing when to say no, not just to things like heroin but even Haagen Daz. For the full Time article click here.
to a separate standard merely because of the color of his skin — that’s
*claps his hands
Yep. He blew out, hard.
that's it, a coming home, sorta.
Joel 2:12-13 (NLT)
The cabin exterior was designed by architect Bobby McAlpine and he describes the aesthetic as "Alabama rural camp vernacular". The dark rough cut pine plank siding makes this four story home blend into the landscape in just the perfect way, the dark exterior contrasts beautifully with the cool, light colors of the soft interior decor. The views out those huge windows must be extraordinary!
Behold, we know not anything;
The past few days I have been witness to a most spectacular display of emotional fuckwittage. Including a parent hurtling awful things to another, in front of the children. All I will say is that as far as I'm concerned, that act alone makes you an immeasurable bad parent! There is no excuse whatsoever for doing that, ever! All it ever does is put the children in the worst ever position and does absolutely nothing good for them, only for the parent doing the act. If you cannot control your emotions more than that, the person in question is incredibly immature. And nine times out of ten, it comes back and bites you in the arse in the future. It might be that the said children loose respect for you when they get older, or that they even go so far as to not want to see you much, and only when forced to.
and here’s the rub: while
As I remember, they never really managed to agree, but they were able to (eventually) come to a mutually acceptable arrangement.
Eldorado
* I’ve decided I’d like to approach Smart Quill Editorial for a report. What should I do first? And what happens when I send you my m/s?
5. GPS Navigation: Free Wins
Level 8: MP Cost: 28, Duration: 108 seconds, Defense: +40%, Abnormal Status Resistance: +24%, Elemental Resistance: +24%.
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind."
I moved a lot of cards and papers to boxes and put all of my markers close at hand.
The birth certificate is not the only document which Obama refuses to release, amongst other things, he has not released his school records or his Columbia or Harvard records, although he is under no obligation to do so, previous Presidents have released this information, so the fact that Obama has not adds to the sense of secrecy and mystery surrounding the man who promised transparency during the election campaign.
And we did in Marymoor Park.
She’s left with clearing her brother’s shop so she can go home. Nick escorts her to the store where she discovers he’s a Grimm. She’s weary of the Grimm but notices that he’s not what she expected (He’s not knowledgeable? No? Okay). Look, he still hasn’t studied up on Wesen. He’s flying blind and Monroe is his co-pilot. Monroe should Jet Blue his behind and lock him out of the cockpit.
Being you can be lonely. When everyone else is the same, and you're the only one who isn't, it can feel lonely to be the only one being like you, thinking like you, feeling like you.
We grabbed some tickets for a cold and grey day at the ol' ballpark.
As I mentioned in my previous posting, I have five images to a mystery and I set the slideshow up with a 20second gap between changing images, this allows for two Hail Mary's per image.
P.S. 287 Bailey K. Ashford
If Councils go down this road then unions need to resist. Protecting ourselves from privatisation by the cunning ploy of privatising services to new providers who sound nicer than Capita is quite as daft as it appears.
A review copy was provided by the publisher.
I am changing things around in my kitchen and I have this vision of how I want it to look. I still have to paint, change out the mirror and fix my dining table. Lots to do, but it will get done. Thanks so much for stopping by and have a great weekend. I LOVE your SWEET comments, so drop me a line.
Green olives, chopped (optional)
Sadly Denise later decided that she didn’t have time to dedicate to building the federation, she was instead putting her energy and attention into her new business venture, Detective Denise. Having talked to her about her job I can’t say that I blame her! It sounded like an incredible thing to do for a living, and how cool is it to get paid for donning a wig and getting all Cagney and Lacey?
I bought GEO Nudy Green and got them from Honeycolor.com. The website is very good and the prices are very reasonable. The shipping was estimated much longer than it actually was and i got them a week and a half before they said they would arrive which is good. :)
One thing you can never say about life in Indonesia, is that it is routine. Just when you start to enjoy quiet routine, up crops an earthquake, tidal wave or volcano just to keep you on your toes.
Tadworth
Bibliographical note- I researched any number of sources on NTDS prior to beginning this post, but came across the motherlode (and in effect, sole primary source for this post) at IEEE with this excellent 9 part series of the development of NTDS. If you’re at all interested in the subject, or program management, or simply history, I highly recommend you read the whole thing.
I’ve been wanting to write this post since I started this blog. But, it was “heavy” and the words never seemed to want to come out easily.
Punk goes on to say something, but is cut off from the mic. Phil is livid, and yells at HHH, blaming him. HHH hands him his mic to say something, and the mic goes out again. HHH borrows one from the Timekeeper, and he tells Punk to lay the pipebomb on him.
Blogging could be very therapeutic (it works for my writing, anyway).
THE COMPLETE IDIOT'S GUIDE TO WRITING CHRISTIAN FICTION (Alpha 2007)
Inside it:
North Face trekking trousers (evening wear)
We made a short podcast about the experience, which you can listen to below...
So I did the only thing I could. I wrote back, thanked her, and told her to keep the book, along with a few other helpful ideas. I think we are on the right path!
Though my mother gets upset when I say this, my Aunt Ella was always my favorite. As a child, I clung to her, never leaving her out of my sight. You could always find me on her lap, often in between her and her acoustic guitar, or between her and a coloring book. She was the “fun” aunt. Together we danced, sung, painted, played, and laughed. Mostly, we always laughed.
People's Mr. Brown (Imperial Brown Ale)
Armed with this bit of information, I’m a little less inclined to judge the fourth, and not final OAV as harshly as I had initially planned. So, lets get on with the recap!
Dumb kid.
In the months that followed that debut, the culture of protest evolved and diversified with further large protests, most notably on 25 March, 25 April, and 24 May. In late March-early April 2011 there was a schism, as a new movement – “Don’t Touch My Nationality” (TPMN) – emerged in response to the national registration programme, which became deeply unpopular among that half of the population descended from black Africans. The issues centred around the insensitive and inequitable methods used by authorities to prove nationality, with the implication that they were deliberately trying to exclude citizens on the basis of their skin colour. This exposes wounds in Mauritanian civil society that are yet to heal: inequalities attributed to racial discrimination; the failure to eradicate slavery; and a series of events up to and during the Mauritania–Senegal Border War of 1989-91, when tens of thousands of black African citizens were forcibly expelled and still unknown numbers were massacred. There were aggressive actions during several TPMN protests in 2011, including an incident when a police vehicle was destroyed, and arson attacks on the courthouse and census office in Kaédi. The response to TPMN protests by police was immediate and more brutal than previous protests featuring more “white” Arab participants, which only lends more weight to the claims of discrimination.
*FOR PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY*
The boat was in dry dock for winter, covered and stored in the garage. “There’s no hurry,” Bruce said. “We’ve got until spring to apply the decals.”
Dear Joey & Rowdy,
Sound familiar? Why do we do that to ourselves? Well, because the word “resolution”, when mumbled (or shouted) in the New Years sense, has been watered down. It’s not concrete (with the exception of Quit Smoking – that’s cut and dry and you should do it). The phrase “Eat Better” or “Save Money” isn’t specific and doesn’t have a timeline. How will you know when you’ve achieved it? And there’s no wiggle room for the natural progress that takes place while working toward a goal.
This may be a very good thing and a very bad thing for the Gospel and the Christian Church as a whole.
Time is sacred.
Merry Christmas! I hope you all enjoyed the weekend with your friends and family! We were full of blessings this year and I just wanted to share some of our celebrating with you!
- A photo can also help market your personal brand and your expression can convey some of your key attributes.
I hate to admit to that..But I learned with him.
Laaska News.
“There,” I speak aloud despite the fact only the driver is listening. It’s not like he can help me do what needs done. He looks at me with a dull expression, expecting his next order. I give it to him. “Back up.”
1 channels
I decided to start my other 2 blogs
On the one hand then Hutton appears to make the argument that early modern Pagan Witchcraft did not stem from any unbroken lines of succession and does not represent a survival of ancient forms of indigenous religious practice, but equivocally he also states that various forms of earlier practice such as the Cunning Craft, Wise Women and others had been subsumed and evolved into the new forms of neo Paganism and Wicca…
Then, in the late 1990s, I became Executive Director of the Independent Publishers Guild. I had the luck to be at the organisational heart of that trade body during a time of enormous change. During my tenure, the UK book industry was first learning how to take advantage of Print-on-Demand technologies to keep backlist in print, and to control cash – and at the same time many of us first started worrying about eBooks.
New York, NY– August 2009- ActNow Foundation, in conjunction with Council Member Letitia James, is partnering with the historic, world-renowned Brooklyn Academy of Music (BAM) to usher in its new ongoing screening series, “Act Now: New Voices In Black Film.”
Every family is encouraged to produce and tend their very own olive groves. It is therefore not surprising to hear the ratio is 60 olive trees to each inhabitant! Because families gather their olives and process their olive oil, they are lucky enough to have their own personal supply! Usually there is one type, a kind of 'house oil- I guess- an all purpose oil, used for both hot and cold dishes, savoury or sweet. When I left Crete I was given some in a 1 1/2 liter 'soda' bottle- it was lovely, very pure tasting olive oil.
Keep in touch and let me know how you get on.
Early this morning, before class started, I began a conversation with two students about reading, assuming that they'd enjoyed researching, reading and completing the writing tasks that were due today. I shouldn't have been surprised to hear that neither of them read for pleasure: reading to them means cramming the evening before a test. I admit that two students may not be representative of a generation (both students are in their early twenties) but I wonder if typical they may be. The recent statistics about the drastic drop in hard-cover and paperback book sales make me wonder who is reading. Is it just old fogies like me? When I and my like die, shall we, anachronistically, have represented an era - one, it occurs to me, that is already long-gone. If you'll forgive an Ecclesiastes reference, I wonder if the time for planting became the time for uprooting without our realizing, for beyond what we read bookstore and library closures and the loss of jobs, there is the closing of the collective mind.
We are now at a point where we are all leaving to our different destinations, so with friends spread around, we all now get on with our jobs in hand (whatever that brings?) and the unknown of the future, I know before I stated that when I arrived back into Afghanistan it was “the same smell just a different year” which is true, but in fact it is in reality a different WAR from what many of us have experienced before.
washes up against the windows and walls.
Anybody would expect a Greek guy to be very interested in a milonga with the name of the most worldwide know Greek dish! So when people told me that it is also a nice place to dance, I took instantly the decision to catch a train and meet the MuSaCa tango tribe! Even though I had been in Geneva before…. And then I realized several things… Firstly the milonga is more of my taste rather than the dish! Secondly, even though I’ve spent 5 days in the city 3 years ago, I haven’t quite known it, a fact that highlights the great advantages of tango tourism. And last but not least, I loved the Swiss people, the way they are and they live.
Q.: Do you own a Kindle or other e-reader? What’s your opinion on them?
Dear Jesus, we acknowledge our sins to you this morning. We have not loved others as you have asked us. We’ve chosen safety over risking. We’ve chosen convenience over reaching out. We’ve chosen our ways instead of your ways. We’ve chosen loving ourselves rather than loving others. We’ve chosen preserving over pouring out. We’ve chosen fear over trusting you. We’ve chosen indifference rather than mercy. We’ve focused more on the co$t rather than the cross. We’ve chosen to turn away instead of embracing. For all of this, for all the people we have failed to care about and reach, and more, we humbly say we are sorry, ask for your forgiveness and repent of our ways. Pour out your mercy and grace upon us that we may be made new. Renew and remake our hearts in your image – let our hearts break for those for whom your heart breaks – the poor, the alienated, the prisoners, the unloved, the broken, the ones who don’t know you, the rejected, the needy – to anyone who needs you – send us we pray. In Your name, Amen.
In the glory o’ His presence, in oor ain countrie.
In order to develop a secure defense against a hostile alien race’s next attack, government agencies breed child geniuses and train them as soldiers. A brilliant young boy, Andrew “Ender” Wiggin lives with his kind but distant parents, his sadistic brother Peter, and the person he loves more than anyone else, his sister Valentine. Peter and Valentine were candidates for the soldier-training program but didn’t make the cut—young Ender is the Wiggin drafted to the orbiting Battle School for rigorous military training. Ender’s skills make him a leader in school and respected in the Battle Room, where children play at mock battles in zero gravity. Yet growing up in an artificial community of young soldiers Ender suffers greatly from isolation, rivalry from his peers, pressure from the adult teachers, and an unsettling fear of the alien invaders. His psychological battles include loneliness, fear that he is becoming like the cruel brother he remembers, and fanning the flames of devotion to his beloved sister. Is Ender the general Earth needs? But Ender is not the only result of the genetic experiments. The war with the Buggers has been raging for a hundred years, and the quest for the perfect general has been underway for almost as long. Ender’s two older siblings are every bit as unusual as he is, but in very different ways. Between the three of them lie the abilities to remake a world. If, that is, the world survives.
"Fuck off...I lost my job!" The bravado sinks into another litany of sobs. He holds her as he does and she pushes a tear stained face into his chest.
-1 piece of dried tangerine peel
Important to note is that, and excluding the Rwandan genocide, data show that armed groups were responsible for almost 60% of the very conservatively estimated 135.000 intentional direct killings of civilians in civil conflicts. An extreme case is the conflict patterns in North and South Kivu, the DRC, from 2004 to September 2009, where rebel forces have been estimated to be responsible for almost 80% of all atrocities. Not counting the Rwandan genocide, this means that during the past almost 20 years, it is not governments but rebels that carry out the majority of atrocities against civilians in civil conflicts. Nevertheless, some rebel movements are proxies for - or supported by - governments inside or outside the country in question. The role of governments in atrocities could thus also be indirect and larger than the above ratio suggests.
My Nuclear scan of the Thyroid is scheduled for next Friday, 4/6. I need to go and get the pill to ingest that contains the radioactive Isotope on Thursday morning and then be scanned on Friday.
Each blogger participating in this hop is featuring
B: … is in the cooking.
“Thanks,” he said. He struggled to pull it over his cold, still damp arms. Then he tried to do up the buttons. His fingers were obviously numb. He looked up at Diane with an expression of comic resignation. “Would you?... Please?...”
Jeanne Faulkner – Oregon’s CARE advocate, ex-labor & delivery nurse, writer & editor
Royal Wedding Afternoon Tea – Picnic in the Park
Let’s pretend a salesperson tends to think about it when he buys things. His prospect says at the end of a perfect sales call that he must “think about it.” I mean this is the perfect scenario for a close: the prospect has the all the problems in the world costing him “millions” and is a decision-maker. The deal should be sold! But instead of using his learned closing techniques taught to him by the experts, the salesperson empathizes and agrees with the prospect as it makes perfect sense because he would do the same thing if he was in his prospect’s shoes. Therefore, the prospect’s wish is granted, and he lets the prospect get away, and business is either lost or delayed and the salesperson wastes a tremendous amount of time performing unnecessary follow-up.
"Now, with longer follow-up results available, there remains a cumulative, statistically significant increase in breast cancers in the combined hormone therapy group, and the cancers more commonly had lymph node involvement," write researcher Rowan T. Chlebowski, MD, PhD, of Los Angeles Biomedical Research Institute at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, Torrance, Calif., and colleagues.
So here we are at O’Hare, in the United lounge (first time I’ve been eligible for that/flown business class since I left A.T. Kearney), enjoying the free wifi and the New York Times (you can take Frank out of the Big Apple, but you can’t take him away from the New York Times.
SB 759 would weaken both of them.
For North Island, try this itinerary.
People tell me their mother’s survival story, family gossip, health issues, dreams of visiting Canada, lamentations of family immigrating to Australia, how expensive Singapore is, what the government can do to fix everything, how they wish it would be a different government….
Money Remaining: $509,000
1074 **D-V/5/1990. “And Are We Yet Alive, And See Each Other’s Face?” Commencement Address, Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1992, above, pp. 699-706.)
I’m not asking that we stop using Facebook and Twitter, but I think Google+ can offer a different experience that just might be more appealing to certain people. If you haven’t joined up yet, click here to give it a go! Once you’ve tried it out, let me know what you think. I hope that you find it as intriguing and refreshing as I do.
How are you reducing the impact of your trash to create for a greener world for yourself and the next generations?
$9 million seems a bit much, considering the extent of the previous job.
Rnd 3: ch 3, 2 dc in next dc, *dc in next dc, 2 dc in next dc; repeat from* around; join with sl st to 1st dc (30 dc)
Bath
1/18: ET - 2-7 cells + 2-6 cells.
But consider this:
I decided to start a series of posts with the theme-
A Quick Note on the Serpent Component:
This MV is well-described the title. They are not cheat, but yes they are finally cheating, and they just can let go each other. That’s the video all about. J.Y. Park is surely a drama king (in a positive way), he surely knows to make this MV so drama.
Cheating and using exploits is an admission that you can’t win without them. Furthermore, you’ll find winning a fair fight a lot more rewarding. If winning is really important to you, keep practicing and learn from what successful players are doing. Should the competition prove to be too much for you, finding a different game is a better solution than cheating.
The Telegraph reports…“Norman Baker, the Lib Dem MP for Lewes, said: “The Prime Minister has crippled himself by accepting hospitality from someone with a vested interest in Government policy.”
entirety, “Four very tiny people / walked right by me / on the way to school. / No one knew / where they were going, / but they were / walking very fast / and carrying / little instruments”; and how much I myself wanted to write spare, funny, weird little things, which is not what I was writing then, but is
Natural Lore
The dragon taxed my tatting abilities a bit as I hadn't done all that many SSSRs, so I am not completely pleased with the tail but not bad, and I got better with the practice. I have trouble when closing the SSSR of pulling the loop thread so tight that a space opens up between that SSSR and the one previous to it. I did figure out one trick, when you have finished the first half of the SSSR, and lay the shuttle over your hand to pull the loop out to tat the 2nd half, put the shuttle through the SSSR and then over your hand, that way, the shuttle thread come out on the back of your SSSR. for me that made it easier to get the next ring snugged down very close. I figured that out about 5 rings in, you can see the rest of the SSSRs are closer together then the ones at the beginning of the tail.
Advertising is a great way to get information to people---and can be very comforting to some people who have been suffering in silence, thinking that they have an unusual problem, but in the hands of children can be very confusing.
surrounded by traditional music when she was a kid. When I was
The best things in life aren’t free…they’re freely given.
I used the Fiskars Everywhere Punch to punch the scalloped window in the center, the background flowers are from Penny Black, and the sentiment and tag on the bottom are from The Craft's Meow. Oh, and cardstock is PTI and let me tell ya.. this was my first time using their cardstock and I finally know what I have been missing!!!!!!!! If you're like me, you're thinking .."but all cs looks so similar, why pay more?".. Well, here's what I relished about it.. #1 : My cards now stand up on their own! Imagine that huh??!!! #2: Hardly any bends or creases (unless I put it there on purpose), #3: Very sturdy, thick and ink-loving!! Definitely worth the money in my book!
Dennis Jackson of the Justice Project of South Africa says that there must be “reasonable suspicion” before any action can be taken against motorists or passengers at the roadside. Durban attorney Saber Jazbhay said the roadblocks would not be “constitutionally sound”.
First came the teaser… take a minute and watch it as a refresher.
I was especially drawn to this custom looking wall unit. It was created out of Billy bookcases, coated out with a lovely vibrant cheerful background. This room just makes me happy!
So, to the asshole who stole my wallet: I hope you are dragged at precisely 3 miles per hour on a street made out of cheese-graters with your body tied in such a position that only your taint touches the ground. After we’ve gone about 3 miles, which as mentioned earlier should take an hour — your balls begin to be grated. And so on and so forth, it only goes downhill. You deserve this, worthless scum. Phew. Venting doesn’t help as much as I would like it to.
Feeling ill, I did manage to muddle through the 4 miles. I tried to focus on the positive and get back to my car in one piece. One thought I kept in my head was even though my lunch made me sick in the belly, it was an opportunity to catch up with a friend I hadn’t talked to in a really long time. And after all that, lunch was definitely worth it!!!
Meanwhile, here you are…seeking advice on surviving the Zombie Apocalypse by writing to some bonehead who every week smart-asses his way through a segment of some internet radio talk show.
from 15 Mar onwards, i shall officially isolate myself from all the activities that committed before, till end of July, 4 and the half month shall enough for me to produce 12k words dissertation, hopefully...cross fingers.
With the stove burner off, use the immersion blender slowly to blend the cooked chunks of vegetables into a smooth, velvety texture.
I met a man who wasn't there.
We are let into the property and walk down a path between a double row of willows until we come to the main building, made of solid blocks of stone. The construction had partially fallen down and its missing parts have been replaced with solid logs. Stone and mortar seem forgotten arts in this isle at the end of the world.
The Figs & Rouge Balm is a handy little number, it’s a White Van Man in a tin. Minus the chauvinistic and demeaning comments, shouted and whistled at you. Suffering from dry elbow? Pop some on. Cold ravaged your snout? Smother it over. A real little skin saver. After the sugar high from Lush’s Bubblegum scrub, Rambling Rose has a subtle scent, it won’t over power those who aren’t great fans of scented cosmetics.
Wendy Wright, president of Concerned Women for America (CWA), welcomed the fresh perspective that Palin will bring to the presidential race.
While inventories of homes for sale have been shrinking this spring, MLSs are filling the void with rental listings for single family homes that until recently were foreclosures. Some 16.1 percent of all listings on MLSs today are rentals, more than double the number in 2006, according to some reports.
If the NFL could actually be a religion, I would totally reverse my position on religion and preach the Good Word every chance I get. I fucking love the NFL.
There was nothing she could play.
The high school I teach at took a group of 150 ninth graders to a viewing of “The Hunger Games” at a local theater. The trip was paid out of pocket by students and not by taxpayer money I assure you. With the exception of two other math teachers in attendance, I was probably the only soul in the theater who had never read the book.
