And in the third round, two more games were going on. I ran a modified Warhammer Fantasy Battle game in which barbarian refugees from the north are denied asylum in the Empire so, hungry and homeless, they descend on the village of Hintersdorf. The game ended up closer that I thought it would be, thanks to my realizing that units defending buildings are steadfast after we had started playing. That helped the Empire hang on and defend themselves better than I had thought they would.
"I invested almost two thousand dollars into this book and I have to find a way to recoup my losses..."
We spent the last hour asking each other poignant, challenging questions, the kind that reveal the depth of three bright 30-somethings on the verge of braiding each other's hair.
“Supervision, of course. They want a hero standing by in case I go rogue. You’ll be getting a message from Eva soon enough – we’d like you to be the one to watch me.”
“The Safe Drinking Water Act established the Underground Injection Control (UIC) program to ensure that underground injection of wastes does not endanger an underground source of drinking water. Under UIC regulations, an injection well is a hole in the ground, deeper than it is wide, that receives wastes or other fluid substances. Types of injection wells range from deep cased wells to shallow sumps, drywells, and drainfields. The report describes the five classes of UIC wells and summarizes relevant regulations for each class of wells and for the UIC program.” (abstract).
Tim Moore
- The medication being out of patent and therefore having no potential to make any drug company money, resulting in very little funding available for research studies.
Please Remember!: It is required that you show valid identification and your PayPal Receipt when picking up your badge. We will not give you your badge without both!
As for me, I spent two days driving from Greenville, SC, to Philadelphia, PA. Along the way I stopped in Virginia to visit my friend Brian AND NO ONE ELSE!! (Inside joke.)
The nose is so impressive. Peach; banana with some grassy notes; fresh lime skin and some mint. I could go on but I'll let you experience it yourselves.
I've dabbled and waded into genre, into entertainment, yes. But with PURE, I stormed the gates of genre, scared, but with torch in hand. And what did I find there? Well, first, wait. Let me tell you how it felt.
Mrs Yeager died an hour after her husband passed from this mortal coil.
Email them or SMS to inform about payment made. I received their reply soon after and was informed that my orders will be sent on Monday, March 12th 2012. *excited*
1 slice of pumpernickel (or other flavorful, hearty bread) torn into pieces
"Louder!" she repeated.
We should have been embarrassed, but that’s not an emotion we’re too familiar with around here.
Giacometti pour la vie, Henri Cartier Bresson
Happy sigh.
“Isn’t Farmer Ketch related to you?” asked Chris.
Sunny Kennedy, the only female in a family of blue blood male detectives, is determined to prove testosterone isn’t the only qualification required to solve a cold case. Handcuffed while undercover then taken to the precinct by an attractive detective, her domineering family demands she work with Detective Judson Blackwolf, or she’s off the case.
A non-human hunter has come to town. Using mind-control to inhabit his victims and through them commit unspeakable crimes, the hunter leaves a trail of bodies leading right to Alexa’s door.
Latest cellphones have several amazing functions, for instance music, game headings, the web and also International Place Technique (GPS). Gps navigation technologies changes the cellular phone in a advanced region gps navigation as well as cell locator. Read on interesting details about subsequent mobile phones making use of Gps navigation following engineering sustain up to now in most latest mobile technology.
When I travel I love take photos of things that are
Logos is not perfect. Highlighting and note taking is not yet implemented and occasionally the program crashes. This is likely due to running multiple apps, so I usually shutdown other apps before spending time in Logos. These problems will be addressed in future versions. (An Andriod version of the Logos App is in beta. This review applies to version 1.3.7). (UPDATE: Logos 2.0 includes notes, highlighting, and stability).
Attempts by NSW Govt to stop Coooeee March
My husband and I are going on a trip today, I will be taking one of my PB manuscripts with me so I can brainstorm in the car. I will try to edit, edit, edit and repair my manuscript.
Now we see Carly in a hallway of some sort, and she’s looking for something inside her purse. In that commotion, she drops a bottle of water. And just then, a lovely neighbor helps her. The problem is, this little neighbor is too eager to help her. This little kid’s name’s Freddie and as it turns out, he has a crush on Carly. You gotta love character development.
Our coverage was bad enough that the first day I had the phone, I dropped a call 3 times in 5 minutes. Yikes. Things did not improve throughout the week.
We played footsie all the way up to the front of the line and I was winning, WINNING when I realized Alex had fallen behind by several more people. I could tell they'd cut in front of him because they were all intently staring at the ceiling and Alex was hopping around and letting out a guffaw every few seconds. I lost focus. I turned to Alex and said, "What the hell are you doing all the way back there?" and WHOOSH... Helmet Head was past me and into the exhibit. Dammit. Foiled again.
Otherwise I might just give up and sell the lot!!!! Yeah, right!!!
So if Obama and other leaders of the developed world wish to create jobs instead of seeing them go offshore, both of these fundamental issues will need to be addressed. Programming as a kid, as play, needs to become more accessible (like it used to be) and the career path of a programmer has to become more humane and reasonable. That will take new, native tools shipped with operating systems that make playing with programme creation easy and impressive. It will also take an industry-wide culture shift to start treating developers like the scarce value creators who drive the top line of the businesses which depend on software that they really are.
#3 - And the third thing on my previous list, ironing.... I avoided as much as possible. Nobody said to me, hey you needed to iron that. So..... another lesson learned.
Anyhow, where was I? Oh yesh. Coupons and movies and excitement. So anyway, I was pretty eager to use my coupon (of which I purchased three) so off we went. We had our delicious half-free dinner (I chose fajitas. Freejitas). ..
ihs
With the kids the schedule is as follows: rearrange every work morning to take care of them, arrive at work later than desired, answer 1-2 phone calls per afternoon with updates from my stepdaughter, end work early, pick up stepson, take stepson to tutoring, coordinate with stepdaughter, cook large meal, stop at grocery store 2 time per week, etc, etc. etc……
Rome wasn’t built in a day meaning you can’t rush greatness.
Tell Aunt and Uncle that I have also received their package and it's contents with deep appreciation.
Congressman Louie Gohmert (TX-01)
The real thing, the thing this is about, is this: none of this age stuff matters. I hate it when people use age to divide themselves into Us vs. Them. I hate it when people use age or race or sex or gender identity or nationality or religion or whatever it is--when I see people who will hang out only with people like them. You've met them: women in middle age who don't have any friends under 30. Lesbians who won't socialize with breeders. Black women who would feel like racial traitors if they visited the home of someone white. It happens--you know it does. And it's narrow-minded and creepy as all get-out.
Chuck Johnson of the National Council for Adoption gets it right in this quote from a USA Today article: “This trend is not right, and it is not good for children. Given the increasing number of orphaned children worldwide, the continued decline in intercountry adoptions means that children’s most basic needs and rights are being denied.”
Pints Pub and Brewery and Freehouse Lancer India Pale Ale
The weakness
"Shouldn't you be lining up in London right now?"
Rose loved me. She loved me with all her heart. She didn't love me because she had to, but because she wanted to. When she said "one of my girls" I knew that included me.
to feel in colour
"I figured this was at night before you put her down. But she looks happy doesn't she?
My friend Tom reminded me in his sermon about a Francis Chan illustration of how Francis saw the church today. He talks about a football team that huddles on the field during a game. The quarterback calls the play to be run, giving the players instructions. Everyone shakes their head and they all yell, “BREAK”. Then instead of actually running the play, the team runs to the sideline and sits on their bench.
I’m giddy about this one!
Roger Waters The Wall – North American Tour Itinerary (continued):
Second Edition products are afflicted with a fetish for standardized presentation, and Cities of Bone is no different. It feels like everything starts with an official template for required information. For example, in the Campaign Guide (32 pages), every area has the following categories: Ruler, The Court, Population, Features of the City, Major Products, Armed Forces, Major Mosques. Even if it's a ruin which is occupied by undead and obviously doesn't need such schematic presentation. Example: Ysawis, City of the Dead; Population:
I'm sure my sisters are internally mocking me for this "deep" revelation, but it's really true how quickly time passes. And I sure love my little blue-eyed girls.
I have, up to this point, tried to avoid anything personal in this blog but I feel with my new job that it is morphing into a new creature and I am going to let that continue.
Point being, I was on the edge of my seat, totally engaged the whole time.
Kingdom Perspective.
It's hard to watch our kids morph out little leaguers and girl scouts into young men and women. It seems to happen over night. The boys get aggressive... or is it the girls? I think we parents are just distracting ourselves with those arguments. I also think we need to watch ourselves and our double standards more carefully. Our kids are growing up and are going to be interested in dating, kissing, and yes, eventually, sex. There's nothing wrong with any of it in due time, with whomever they choose. I just hope to teach my kids, both my daughters and my son, to use better judgement in how they share their relationships now, while the photos are a bit more innocent. They are just starting to push that envelope, before -- I shudder while typing this -- sexting.
It may look a little tenuous but Romney still has to be considered one of the winners on any poll where he holds the lead and certainly Perry's strong debut makes him a winner as well. Here are the losers:
local High School as a Duty First Aider, looking after up to 2,000
Mixed greens
James and Rowe set Emily List up for…THE TARANTULA! Rowe flips over the top rope and locks it in. McGill covers Pink…1…2…3. Women For Women Eliminated.
We love our Home and are so grateful to have been blessed with such a wonderful place to live.
I pulled my father's coat off the hanger and stuffed it in the bag. Then I slipped on my mother's coat. My fingers poked through the little tears in the pocket, my nose sniffed a musty smell, but oh how the skirt swung. I swished back and forth, and then I slid it off again. It needs cleaning. The seam at the back of the neck is beginning to pull apart. Those pockets definitely need to be stitched closed. And when would I ever wear it? It's been eight years since my father died, and this coat has been in the closet those whole eight years.
Design an item that could be used for our Female Merchandise Project. This could be everything that a female could wear or use. (If you are not sure if your idea would be accepted, ask us in an e-mail)
As a writer, I struggle with seeing if my writing is any good. I write a lot, but many times I’ll finish a piece and have no idea whether it’s decent or it’s garbage. Basing quality off of whether I liked the story doesn’t help either; I typically like the stories I write. I’ve cycled back around to behaviors I had when I first started. I like to call it, “Insecure, writer CC behaving crazily.” I’d write, post it, wait for feedback, receive little, then assume it wasn’t any good. It’s harder to write when you’ve assumed no one else even likes it. I tend to write less and less consequently.
Are we to assume that Mr Denham and his ilk were not aware of the blight immigration caused amongst the working-class, that the concerns he now addresses have only just occurred to him, or can it be pre-election campaigning, a recognition of the peoples lurch towards the conservatives as opposed to his own party, are politicians merely
Even privacy has to be sacrificed to make the multicultural experiment work. The logical outcome of this recommendation is the routine electronic surveillance and bugging of private households and private gatherings, and a huge increase in taxes to pay for the hordes of spies and bureaucrats who will monitor us. Nor, I suspect, will it stop at bugging. The next step will be that one’s children will be encouraged to report back any remarks to their teachers (part of their “race awareness training”). Do we really want our children to behave like children did in both Soviet Russia and National Socialist Germany where they were encouraged by the state-run Pioneers and the Hitler Youth to report on “enemies of the people”?
Pretending he had something to do,
Dr David Mowat contends we have to redesign our transportation systems and other urban infrastructure to make healthy living the logical choice, rather than just trying to convince people to adopt healthier personal behaviours. He pointed to the historical example of Sir Edwin Chadwick, the driving force behind the introduction of sewers into England in the 1840s – a 60-year battle against fierce opposition that argued “my customers don’t want sewers, it’s cheaper without sewers” etc.
4. We have a new type of humanoid in the ad world who is essentially a walking-talking briefing document. The head marketing whiz at AT&T wants us to think..."that AT&T is an emotional lifestyle brand that lets you live your life more expansively and brings you new experiences and new value." What planet do these meatballs come from?
Unreal City
The day has finally come! I am so excited to show you my project for 40:31 Creations Design Team. Lauren sent me some of her totally awesome new stamps. They are great. I love the fonts she chose and they stamp great.
And once that's done? Why, it's just a matter of updating the whole thing to the Cloud, that I may access my agony in any venue I should so choose. Hooray.
One of the best parts about World of Warcraft is that there are many things to do that appeal to all sorts of people. If you have lots of time to play, there are things for you like dungeons and raiding. If you only have a short period of time to play, there are things for you like questing and professions. Today’s focus will be on the latter, and more specifically focused on one of the best things to do if you’re short on time: archaeology.
Senna raced the Toleman TG-184-2 to third place in the British Grand Prix held at Brands Hatch, but is probably best known for the Brazilian’s remarkable second place in the rain-soaked Monaco Grand Prix that year; a race that was arguably the first to show his extraordinary talents to the world.
On the tongue – Soft, elegant citrus and floral tones hover above a well pitched malt base. Highly refined.
What you need to know is that we stand behind each of our product. In fact, every one of our product was formulated with you and weight loss in mind. GreenTeaDaily not only triggers your weight loss and helps in your weight loss regimen, it is safe, natural, and extremely minimal in calories. In other words, we're not just a beverage, we're a healthy beverage that your body will love and embrace.
Jeremy remained crouched in the garbage can seemingly forever, figuring that their cries of “come out Jeremy, come out wherever you are, we’re going home, the game's done” were just a lame ploy to lure him out prematurely. He was eventually found, hungry, shivering and holding a Pogo Ball for warmth. He sat there, in a pile of his own poopies, victorious. He was the clear winner.
Mr Henning meanwhile had called the mission's security service, ADT, while chasing with his shot wife and terrified little children to the Wilgeheuwel Hospital. However she was declared dead on arrival. Mrs Patterson said she is being targetted frequently by armed men at the mission.
Decorate it however you would like. Love trains (and your name starts with a T...) put train stickers and other train stuff on it. Name start with an M and love motorcycles?
Interesting read on Bo Guagua, Bo Xilai’s son from his marriage with Gu Kailai on the “Shanghai List” website. If what he is saying is true, then we would have to accept that, privileged or not, he would also, unlike the quite glaikit Windsor family, perform well in any meritocracy.
After 3 months, Dalton comes back home, and that’s when crazy things begin to happen at home. Renai, the mother, believes that the house is haunted because she keeps seeing and hearing things. Her husband, Josh, supports her and they soon move into a new house. But that didn’t mean everything would stop…
Have a look at the trailer:
-adVerSity
Cookie Monsta
Pete on the other hand was more of a progressive man
The experts agreed that the implications of Dodd-Frank could be vast. Another effect on annuity producers in particular will be states’ adoption of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners’ (NAIC) Model Suitability Act. It is a requirement in the Harkin Amendment, which banned the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from regulating annuities. The rules impose stiffer compliance requirements on producers with insurance companies directly overseeing their conduct. In the past, that was left to distributors or to producers themselves.
Even if she never left today
But I was speaking of von Richtohofen.
Today, I am sitting in this computer, crying hysterically
While walking around an antique mall a couple of weeks ago I lucked up on this blue and white transferware plate called Old Britain Castles. It was $12.99 for this dinner size plate. I really was trying to find two of each plate design so I kept looking around. I found another one at the same mall, but it was $26.99. Nope, nada. So the hunt continued.
I’ve written before about how much I enjoy playing dress up at the Depot. Last week, however, I found out it could be even more fun than I’d realized.
And also how hyde, ken & tetsu humoured us during their MCs moments and giving us a good laugh.
Make sure you’re always stocked up on a course (for stripping, I usually buy 60 or 80 grit), medium (general purpose, 100 or 120 grit), and fine (for between coats, around 200 grit) sandpapers that work for your tools.
"This really is the first Goldilocks planet," said co-discoverer R. Paul Butler of the Carnegie Institution of Washington.
But only while we’re making that drive on the interstate. As soon as we sit down next to each other at work, the conversation stops. At most, she’ll offer a “three hours and fifteen minutes” announcement as we mentally count down to the end of the day.
-interesting (of course!)
Denying myself
This is why I really like these types of colors as layering glass only when used with an opaque that is similar in shade. Semi-transparents can then be used to brighten the opaque and make it really shiny.
Routine and manual: 10.6
Homecoming Part 1
I’m going to watch The Exorcism of Emily Rose now, because I can only watch scary movies during daylight hours.
Most likely, it is a combination of all these things. It’s like the moments before a tsunami. The ocean disappears while across the horizon, a wall of water seems to be growing larger by the second. Or a movie version of a boiler start to blow. You see it puff up and the seams begin to pop and steam shoot out of every crook and cranny.
It is always the same scenerio.....
“We need to see how they cope with stress so that we can teach other students those coping skills,” he said.
I will admit I considered it for about three seconds. I thought well, THIS is a way to attract readers to my blog.
Support has bled from these two centrist parties, and instead flowed to an increasing number of splinter groups – including the right-leaning Independent Greeks, left-leaning Democratic Left and the neo-Nazi Golden Dawn.
emotionally and psychologically
His movements masked by the din in the storefront, he shoved his bag through, then the shotgun. Next, with some difficulty, he pulled himself up to the window frame with sheer panic supplying his strength. In the back of his mind, he knew that the thing in the store would burst through the bathroom door any second and catch him hanging out of the window, defenseless. Gritting his teeth against the pain of his chest and back scraping against rough stone and metal, he wormed his way through the frame until he collapsed, gasping, on the brick pavement of the alley beside the store. Inside, the frantic wailing continued. Whatever was making the noise sounded angry. Seth closed the window with shaking hands, snatched his bag and gun, and set off, navigating his way further down the alley with only the sliver of moon in the sky to light his way.
Memory: Memory Stick Duo
I've decided to keep my blog name after all. I just couldn't part with it, so I made it look way cuter in the new banner instead :)
1 teaspoon of dried oregano
Do you know that the main ingredient in many commercial cleaning London oven cleaning products is baking soda also called sodium bicarbonate? Using baking soda to clean the oven is a cheaper and a safer method. All you need is a 1 cup of baking soda, 1/3 cup of table salt and 1/3 cup of water in a bowl. Make sure the oven is cold before you start! Remove the racks from the oven, spray inside the oven with a cool plain water and then spread the mixture of the baking soda, the salt and the water. Leave the mixture to soak overnight.
If you're a butterfly lover, you'll adore this amazing book. It is available for purchase at most online bookstores, as well as at a cool website called Butterfly Buzz (http://www.butterflybuzz.com/) I highly recommend this handbook!
which you’ve inserted a medium sized nozzle. Pipe about 1 tablespoon of cream into each puff. For eclairs, split the puffs in half before filling.
I don't care for this plant much, but I have lots of it and some was taking over the path at the bottom of the steps by the terrace, so I moved that uphill.
I made these pancakes on Sunday night, and stuck them in the fridge so my dinner work-load would be minimal on Monday. They were a cinch to re-heat, and none of the flavor or texture was sacrificed. We ate on these for three nights, and the third night was just as flavorful as the first.
Materials: Fleece
Amy is fine living in the shadows of beautiful Lila and uber-cool Cassie, because at least she's somewhat beautiful and uber-cool by association. But when their dates stand them up for prom, and the girls take matters into their own hands, earning them a night in jail outfitted in satin, stilettos, and Spanx. Amy discovers even a prom spent in handcuffs might be better than the humiliating rehabilitation techniques now filling up her summer. Worse, with Lila and Cassie parentally banned, Amy feels like she has nothing -- like she is nothing.
Japanese doom metal band Corrupted has always balanced their intense, despairing metal with restraint and musicality; their epic 1999 album Llenandose de Gusanos opened with almost 20 minutes of delicate piano before the guitars and guttural growls finally appeared. Their newest album takes that approach even further, allowing bursts of bleak metal furor to emerge organically from the wasted sonic landscape that the band patiently builds. The first track, "Garten," opens with plucked electric guitar notes that reverberate into near-silence before each new sound appears. From this spartan foundation, the band gradually creates a somber atmosphere that seems to be marching towards a stormy musical catharsis, especially when the low, raspy whispers of vocalist Taiki add to the darker shadings of this plodding death-crawl. The explosion, when it comes, is somewhat contained, though, controlled rather than chaotic, a focused expression of emotional ruin that's all the more affecting for its precision and its intimate connection to the slow-building progression that preceded it. It takes almost 20 minutes for this half-hour song to truly kick into gear, and the patience of this build-up is excrutiating and thrilling in equal measure. Then, after a brief acoustic palette cleanser, the equally epic final track leans more heavily towards sustained scorched-earth metal rage. [buy]
The cleaning, sorting, organizing, stringing, and then playing goes a little something like this...
I would have forgotten this amazing story but for a couple we met the other day. They own a store in High Street, Glen Iris. My partner and I were window-shopping for an investment property in the area when I noticed they'd arranged their window display around one of my French books. So I thought I'd pop in to thank them and say hello. We chatted for almost half an hour. They revealed they were only doing "the retail thing" for another year, and then they were off to France to buy a little chateau. "You can pick them up for a pittance!" said the gentleman. The sentence was starting to have a familiar ring.
So let me know what you think....which chair would you choose?
should play or who should not
Horror stories abound in the media about the disastrous consequences caused by “notarios,” “immigration consultants,” and other non-lawyers giving bad immigration advice that causes foreign nationals to permanently losing their rights to stay in the U.S.
Book Country began last April as a place for authors to post their work for critique. Then in the fall they announced a program to turn manuscripts posted on their website into e-books and paper books.
It's safe to say that no one believes anything we're told on the radio now. Instead, the rumour mill has gone into over drive and the information from that source feels more trustworthy, even when it stretches credibility.
I’m still hopeful that in the long run it makes me poop gold.
We talk a lot in America about the various forms of peer pressure that young people struggle with, like alcohol and drugs and sex. But, in my opinion, one of the most devastating and most suffocating forms of pressure that kids face is academic peer pressure. Millions of kids intentionally dumb down because society and pop culture have continually told us that smart kids are nerds or dorks or geeks. Hollywood and television have made billions by portraying smart kids as socially awkward and inept, and young adults are incredibly sensitive to that stereotyping. Therefore, they blow off their education in order to impress their friends with how "cool" they are.
Have you ever had something that reminded you of a better time or a better place? I have that something just about every week. You might say it takes me to one of my "happy places". What could it be that has such a powerful force on my psyche? It's called "Fuller's London Pride". She was my first.
Here are a few excerpts. Enjoy!
Because photography will play an important role in a travel-and-experiences blog, I am determined to improve my amateur photography skills. To that end, I chose to undertake John Hedgecoe’s Complete Guide to Photography: A step-by-step course from the world’s best-selling photographer (if he doesn’t say so himself). This book, selected after extensive research (i.e., breezing through the titles on a used-bookstore shelf and selecting the most modern looking book sleeve), includes 70 projects. I intend to work my way through the book until I have “mastery of advanced techniques.” Care to join me?
Time is smoke and mirrors
Hope your Holiday and New Year breaks were fantastic. xo c
Themes tend to fall into two main areas, landscapes and portraits. As Stewart's was of a landscape, I've decided to go with a portrait. Looking through the number of ladies that I have photographed in the last few months, (that shouldn't sound like it does) I just had to use another shot of Hannah from last week.
The yellow one is ok (and there's another at the other side of this window that's not in the pic). The green one was fine too, but in this picture I think I had just smashed my hand into the center trying to get it to stick better. I climbed back up and fluffed it afterwards, but I'd understand if you thought this was how it really looked. Other sissie Alicia did up the banister in crepe streamers and topped off the newel post with a giant multi-colored flower. I didn't take a picture. It was really warm, and I was sweating, and I couldn't be bothered. Because when I get hot I get mean and disinterested. True story.
* drunkenness
- play lullaby music in the living room
17th Army Command, Operations Section Ic
The next three photos show how their relationship intensify with Guiliastes kissing Prince’s hand. In the “Intensifying 2″ photo, Guiliastes expresses his feeling to Prince. Also, Prince reciprocates the feelings by accepting the kiss in the photo ” Intensifying 3″ .
SD: Clean, crisp and timeless.
That was nearly months before Forest City Ratner announced a plan to build all the towers via modular construction to save money--likely lowering the number of workers and almost certainly reducing cumulative salaries and thus tax revenues. The state has performed no new recalculation.
There are many ways to get noticed in publishing. But in truth, the best thing you can do is give your book a fighting chance by getting a professional eye on it before it is seen by anyone who has the power to reject it.
What's on your list? Anything I'm missing?
I have been feeling isolated from real love and affection for over 10 years. I have been isolated from real life for at least that long. Isolation and loneliness are two very bad things to feel. I cannot rely on not feeling that way. I already have been made aware that feelings don’t matter. It is my feelings, especially, that don’t matter. I am only here to obey and serve him. My only function in life. I have ceased to be a person. He of course thinks this is irrelevant.
Now I wonder, is this the way it is to end?
Been a pretty good week so far, and safe to say this on a Thursday. Can’t wait ’til Friday and Saturday because I’ll be hunting for furniture all weekend. I have to be moved in before Wednesday next week, so I have to make it fast. I’m just excited. Therese Malonzo is doing my interiors and she will try to figure out what to do in that tiny, tiny space.
Tim Lebbon – Zmbs
In my first Glossybox last month, I received PANDORA’S Makeup Box blush in St. Tropez – a matte pink blush with adorable packaging that has a refillable pan. St. Tropez is the second blush I’ve ever tried. I never would have picked out a matte blush for myself (actually, I probably wouldn’t be shopping for blushes in the first place), so I’m so glad that this came in my Glossybox!
‘So Dobby we mourn you, we’ll never forget
Stampin Up Butterfly Embosslit
The statement added, "Netanyahu said that Israel is committed to aggressively fighting terrorist elements in Gaza that endanger its security and peace."
HISTORIC PRIORY, NORMANDY
In November last, porn producer Hard Drive filed a complaint for copyright infringement against a single John Doe defendant for sharing copyright-protected adult video Amateur Allure Jen on BitTorrent. Among the nearly 1,500 "Does" was Ms Liuxia Wong, a California resident.
Whipping around, I stared hard into the gloom. It sounded gentle, but at the
I was joined soon thereafter by a nice, talkative gentleman named Jewell. It turns out I hijacked his spot, but we got on well and decided to hang out during the con. After a surprisingly delicious lunch and great conversation, I went back to my room to retrieve my bookbag and a surprise to show Heather Langenkamp and I met back up with Jewell and we headed into the convention.
I love looking up the meaning of words because they too hide so much. I did it long before I became a writer. One of my favourite books is A Gathering Light by Jennifer Donnelly. Some of the chapters are headed by unusual words, because her female narrator longs to be well-educated, although she has to look after her siblings.
A metal worker from Nimes, who saw and heard everything the woman had said, subsequently made a kind of medallion, approximately the size of a five-cent piece. "The nucleus resembled the Maltese cross (the symbol of the Crusaders) and the four arms of the cross were linked with a smaller circle’, which refers to the flames that united them. The space between the arms was fashioned in the shape of a heart. The four hearts are to remind us of the love of the two young couples who, remaining steadfastly true to their faith, were burnt at the stake on their wedding day."
We went home and had a break for a weekend. No showings, no nothing. We just needed to relax and regroup. Monday we signed the paperwork to relist the house. After shifting into packing mode and packing most of my office, I had to shift back to organizing and purging more. Thinking about this house in the long term again.
At the end of each lecture, there was often a student who would come up to him and tell him how much they appreciated the lecture, and ask him a question or two. I always remember how he would step down from the lecture dais when he spoke to students, his head slightly to one side, taking in the question carefully, and invariably treating the student with respect and courtesy. His reply would be very direct, clear, and exactly to the point.
Let's pretend my life is normal, even quaint. Picture it: fresh baked cookies on the cooling rack, a child neatly pressed heading off to an afternoon Birthday party with a gift and the cake, the adults off for a little browsing at the library, a cup of coffee, and a slow Sunday drive...all of that is true, well okay Beach wasn't neatly pressed but she was wearing clean-ish clothing.
And you know what......
Twin 2: Stop bitching you got more than 2 shrimp!
I wish I could face your fears
This is my entry for the Contest: Dark Shadows. On Deviant Art.
Here comes the history bit. Under the reforms imposed by the Local government Act of 1889, Gateshead became a county borough within it's own right, administratively independant from the County of Durham and within the next twenty years it became evident that pressures for space at the county's Sedgfield asylum would lead to the end of contracts with the new Gateshead authority. By 1910 Gateshead corporation had purchased part of the isolated West Duddo estate west of the Village of Stannington in the neighbouring county of Northumberland and were to engage George Thomas Hine and Hallam Carter Pegg as architect for the new 500 capacity asylum to be built there. The asylum would be the last project to be completed by Hine during his lifetime.
As I walked into her house, the faint scent of urine hung in the air. Thats what happens when 17 children sleep together in one room. A little baby was fast asleep in the corner.
That Petrol Emotion Big decision UK
So the correct answer is, I could be busy. I should be busy. But the TO-DO list is just getting longer and longer. I've got to turn this around.
Over the weekend I realized what a skilled solo paddler can do – move the canoe sideways, pirouette around the paddle, and turn gracefully with a little forward momentum. Meditation in motion. If whitewater paddling is slam dancing, flatwater paddling is ballet. I had discovered another way to have fun instead of just crossing the lake. - Sheena Masson, from Confessions Of A Know It All Or Why To Take A Clinic in The Canoe In Canadian Cultures by Bruce W. Hodgins, John Jennings, Doreen Small
Before then, however, in this letter to the Galatians, there was no such notion of apostleship. Apostleship, even that of James, Peter and John, was verified by having a direct revelation from God or Jesus.
Bruce Johnston - vocals
It is a sort of Goldilocks situation, with a diva of a Baby Bear.
As Temple Grandin said in the above quote – She is unable to ‘plan ahead’ if she’s in the middle of a different task.
Balls also spin when toy is pushed on floor.
I wanted to start with Sue Roddis of JABBERWOCKY (remember her incredible clockworks piece?) because she has been serving as a "talent scout" for The Altered Alice, sending me GREAT Alice links from all over the blogosphere! Thanks Sue! Also, of course, because Sue's mini-book is AMAZING! Take a look!
Here's the part where it got crazy. The boy's mom called me -- blaming everyone under the sun for the photo. I was somewhat prepared for her call since I knew someone else had notified her. She had heard about it from another mom in the class and flipped out telling the woman she would no longer be her friend. The phone call was to blame my daughter because the three kids in question had decided to lie again and say my daughter posted a photo on FaceBook. Again, the screen shot of the photo told the tale and she apologized. Finally, I explained -- very firmly -- to this mother that she needed to stop trying to shoot the messenger. Her son lied and so did the other girls. They used poor judgement. That's it. They probably were goofing around, but it also seemed her son would not be comfortable with the photo posted based on the text below. No one was blaming her son. It seemed to me that letting her know about it was an attempt to protect him.
This just in: Men are as miserable as women. At least that’s what we learn from a new study by Arizona State professor Chris M. Herbst, who suggests that men’s happiness has taken as big a dive as women’s over the past several years.
And this is what I got. The look on Adam's face vs. the look on Billy's is hilarious! Looks like Adam just pulled some sort of mean trick. So come one, who's got a good caption?
Alot of you would already be aware of Ed especially if like me,you love New Model Army. Ed played and toured with them for a good while and his violin is prominent on many NMA songs particulary the amazing Green & Grey and Vagabonds.
I am waiting for a driver to fetch me up to the orphanage this morning. Just a quick blog from me and please keep me in your prayers. I hope I can run my interventions well with the kids and they enjoy my sessions. The most important thing is they get a lot of new things from my intervention.
So that is everything that I can think of which is happening on the forums but don't stop there as every day there is chatter going on and layouts been added to the gallery. So plenty of things for everyone to join in on and do. So why not come on over and check out all the fun we are having.
When I saw that page number, I made sure not to cover it up. How freaky is that?! Seriously--what are the chances of me ripping out page 2012 when there are almost 3000 pages in this book!
I know John Fleming never makes wrong assertions in his posts. Also on the bill is was the amazing Ruth Levy So who sparkled, Rosie Martin who was graceful, and handsome Michael Kossew whose bit about men who never ask for a date was spot on.
However, the status of things has not changed as of yet; the new Brigade Chief (Jonnie Reeves) has not issued a callback of Haruhi, so we will likely be watching that next week – also likely Friday, as we had a meeting this week. If you are wondering what anime we’ll be watching next, or if you’d like to make a suggestion for the week after next (because if it’s not Haruhi, it’ll be FLCL) please use the SOS Brigade Facebook message board, or leave a comment.
Associate Attorney General Tom Perrelli announced the CTAS awards today at the National Museum of the American Indian. Perrelli noted that Attorney General Holder and other Department of Justice leadership held tribal listening sessions last year. The department developed CTAS in response to views shared at these sessions, Tribal consultation events and other feedback from tribal leaders.
“The pizza of my childhood. Every time I come to visit my family, it’s a stop on my very first night in. Tonight, my dad called an hour and a half in advance to snag some sweet deliciousness; patrons waiting in the shop who presumably hadn’t called ahead gave us the evil eye since we were in and out in less than two minutes.
“You alright, cariad?” he asks me. He takes my hand, and I manage to pull myself together. Of course the girl isn't who I thought she was. Lydia has been dead three years.
You can see in the photo above, how the triangle works for the sister gnome's head dress. I stitched triangles together for the male gnomes.
1 - 1x24" board
All of our 3-D items are so easy to put together, just cut, fold and paste. We have the fold lines already there for you so there is no measuring or scoring needed. And the adorable paper piecing files that accompany them are sure to please!!!
“Kids I sold to back in the 1970s have grown up with the Exchange, and now come in with their children. I’ll miss them all.
The contest will take place on Facebook. The charity that receives the most “likes” for their charities video will win!
SU Whisper White cardstock, paper is an old one I had in my collection, used my Cuttlebug to emboss the paper and painted it with Sky Blue Shimmerz. The stamp is from Inkadinkado stamped with blue Cats Eye Colorbox Pigment Ink and then I poured clear emboss powder on it and used my heat gun.
‘These pills,’ he garbled, ‘taste horrible.’ Felicity couldn’t help but smile, which gave Petro more time. ‘I think I like you,’ he said suddenly once he’d downed them all, his tongue now stained a lurid blue, ‘like, a lot. But I’m still going to do it. I really do hope to see you again.’
Winner
Barbaric, tireless, Amazon battalions.
Unfortunately, there were so many main characters that we never spent enough time with any one of them to really get to know them. Most of them are just archetypes--the womanizer, the movie nerd, the lovable loser, the token gay friend, etc.--who never transcend their stereotypes. Which is a shame, because a few of them really had some promise.
Mark Lake, a spokesman for Morgan Stanley, declined to comment, as did spokesmen for Citigroup and Goldman Sachs.
Its almost like a background reference check of sorts with those behind the scenes. This is not really something to post on social network pages to fans, but having some reviews from those that can back up that you are easy to work with, do a fast set up and tear down, act professional, do not require a lot of high maintenance bullshit and just over all make things that much easier, can help that much more.
When we find leaven, we are to throw it out — there should not be any leaven found in our houses, no old sin found in our lives. This is another reason to stop and consider before eating and drinking the elements of the Last Supper, the night before the folks left Egypt and the night that Yahushua shared His last supper with His disciples.
The film "An Education" is a coming of age story adapted from a memoir by well-known Guardian journalist, Lyn Barber, from her teenage life in 1961.(1) It is her recollection of being wooed and feted as a 16 year-old girl by an older man in his mid 30s. She was a talented young girl with a lust for life. It is a "journey" film but her journey was along the wrong course and back on track again: a coming of age film. The film was released in October 2009 and critically acclaimed with eight BAFTA nominations, a nomination for a Golden Globe and numerous glowing reviews.
It's not like I'm addicted to Pinterest or Facebook. Ok, maybe Pinterest.
The first thing I did after scoring the base, though, was stick on a piece of weird washi tape. You know how when you buy a pair of shoes because they are a funky color, and you think they'll look tan when worn with tan and grey when worn with grey, but in reality they look tan when worn with grey and grey when worn with tan? Yeah, those shoes? The ones I'm finally giving away tomorrow? Yeah, that's what I thought this washi tape would do for me - give me options. Nope. Nothing matched it.
It was my own animal anatomy self-study (for vet school at Saint George’s) that first clued me partially into the act of writing and drawing the info to recall it better. I found that staring at pictures and labels was not all that helpful–especially when there was such a high volume of material! I did better if I looked at the labeled picture, and then tried to draw it from memory. And then “corrected” my own picture. I could visualize my own labeled pictures and remember the corrections much more readily than any notes I was looking at. But I still wasn’t really clued in to my learning style because I didn’t know it existed.
The film's authenticity is overwhelming. The sense of time and place, visible in every costume and location, in the rust, the mud and decay, or on the faces of these non-professional actors who speak the words with an untrained innocence that makes us believe every second of their interactions, their politics and ideals, is alive in every frame. There are no 'stars' here, just faces. Honest faces, plain faces, ugly faces; faced caked in dirt and debris but still looking at the shadows on the hillside, at the ploughed fields and the sense of accomplishment, with a wet-eyed optimism that is touching in its integrity.
And it doesn't, y'all. I do not share these things to scare you away from adopting. I share these things because, if you can read what God has placed on my heart about adoption without reacting defensively - even if you disagree with some of it - then oh my lands, will you ever make an excellent adoptive parent. Because the one quality that is the most important in this incredible world of adoption parenting?
In the Fraction Rite, the celebrant breaks the consecrated bread as the people sing the Agnus Dei or "Lamb of God." John the Baptist proclaimed Jesus as "the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world" (Jn 1:29). The action of breaking the bread recalls the actions of Jesus at the Last Supper, when he broke the bread before giving it to his disciples. One of the earliest names for the Eucharistic celebration is the breaking of the bread.
Superbowl Sunday began with a 4am wake-up call and breakfast, followed by a "¡Vámonos!" rally call and a steady march uphill in the pitch dark. Our ultimate goal: the park's namesake volcano, Puracé, at an elevation of around 4700 meters (about 2.5 miles above sea level). From our lodge at 3200 meters we hiked through some hillside pastures - cows and all - and over some fences until we reached a relatively flat stretch of muddy trenches and moss fields. This part of the hike took us through a unique biome that exists in very few parts of the world called a páramo (English: paramo). Found mostly in Andean locations throughout Colombia, Ecuador, & Venezuela characterized by higher altitudes coupled with cold, wet weather, the páramo is both lush and desolate.
“It isn’t?”
A couple of reminders: there is another week to run for the Christmas/Zoe's birthday blog hop, with candy available on all the DT blogs, a freebie image up for grabs if you make a birthday card, and some tempting giveaways on Zoe's blog, as well as a chance to see the new Christmas images. Click HERE to read about and start the hop. The blog hop has been so much fun, and I want to say a very big thank you for all the fantastic comments left for my cards....that has meant so much!
So I did some searching and found a good recipe from All Recipes.com titled, "Best Spanish Rice." Truth be told, I don't really know what true Spanish rice tastes like, and can only assume this recipe is not the real thing. But my gut tells me I'm mostly following an Americanized version of something here.
And you probably thought I was going to say, "What is black n' white and red all over?" No, I'm not going there, but now you see a sunburned Zebra...lol
‘An equiatic bind? What is it?’
1. I am very short... I just reached 5 feet.
Do I need to explain about the two different protagonists in the query?
Mandela hits upon an ambitious plan to use the national rugby team, the Springboks -- long an embodiment of white-supremacist rule -- to grip the new South Africa as the team prepares to host the 1995 World Cup. So he begins to woo its Afrikaner captain, Francois Pienaar (Damon), to his cause.
-Year: 1987-1994
Woodware border punch, leaf punch ~ Floral punch
We went back to hotel and Cindi stood in line for about 40 minutes to check in. OMG. Talk about process inefficiency! Side note: they called that night and we got $25 off our room!
Believe it or not, that's where I finished Chapter 5.
Do you remember this WIP?
There are a couple of clips of her performing at the NME Pollwinners concerts. The Empire Pool at Wembley was an enormous cavern of a place, and from the look of these clips was devoid of a decent PA and lighting as well. However, that didn't matter as Dusty ripped into Inez & Charlie Foxx's "Mockingbird". Note her bass player with his Vox teardrop bass guitar, singing Charlie's part. She knew her soul music, did Dusty, and she could sing as well as any of the US originals. The song is in F, by the way
Responsibilities include
1 oz. Willamette (4.6%) aroma
and the pok choy...um yum...never thought I'd say that about a relative of spinach...
not to mention
The rest of my life has been busy and full; with tango stuff (but no dancing), parenting, work, etc...all the things that keep life moving and lovely. For the most part, it's wonderful and satisfying.
1. Lay your fabric strip right side down on top of your diaper, and align the edges. Sew them together on the aligned edge.
So, you've done it! You’ve moved to France and by some miracle, landed a job that will give your life meaning and line your pockets cash! Yay, good for you! That, already, is some feat. Before you get too excited, be prepared for some cultural differences, good and bad, that will make this experience unlike any job you've had in the States.
Coincidentally expect to pay more for property in these areas."
A good friend and very talented photographer and Photoshop editor, Glyn Dewis, showed me on his blog how to get the invisible black backdrop look and here is a short video, and link to his tutorial.
I think the colours come partly from the individual, his dress sense, his dance style, and partly from the music of the particular dance.
Jared Bernstein joined the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities in May 2011 as a Senior Fellow. From 2009 to 2011, Bernstein was the Chief Economist and Economic Adviser to Vice President Joe Biden, executive director of the White House Task Force on the Middle Class, and a member of President Obama’s economic team.
It seemed then to me unwise and inexpedient to force the Government into imminent disruption by allowing the nullity of the executive orders to follow its reglementary consequences when Congress was soon to be convened for the very purpose of passing, among other urgent measures, a valid appropriations act. Considering the facility with which Congress could remedy the existing anomaly, I deemed it a slavish submission to a constitutional formula for this Court to seize upon its power under the fundamental law to nullify the executive orders in question. A deferment of judgment struck me then as wise. I reasoned that judicial statesmanship, not judicial supremacy, was needed.
Heat a large skillet under medium high heat and add olive oil. Season meat on both sides with salt and pepper. Sear the meat in the skillet on all sides until you get a nice golden brown.
Urtyp Export
I have a few pics of her that i tought i would share, shes just so cute...
Yup, those are baby leaves sprouting up from my bay laurel plant! According to the page on laurus nobilis on Davesgarden, bay laurel is hardy to zone 8a, or 10 degrees Farenheit. Zone 8! I kept forgetting to dig it back up last year after its disappointing summer in the ground, and almost yanked the whole plant up this spring before I noticed the new leaves.
If I read him correctly, he thinks population growth is by definition a good, or a necessary condition for good. Immigrants "going elsewhere," that's by definition bad. He concludes his tangled thought by implying that destroyed opportunities are a bummer because illegals look for better opportunities elsewhere.
Heart-breaking pictures of seabirds covered in black crude oil, arresting as they are, can miss the hidden story of an oil spill's impact on wildlife.
Local Representatives, teachers, parents, and students have a differing opinion. M.S. 571 School Community members question the accuracy of the DOE Fact Sheet, as well as are disappointed that they were not notified of this trouble more in advance.
We all need it, and we all want clean water to come out of our faucets. Unfortunately, our aging infrastructure system threatens the delivery of that necessary, clean water. The underground pipes are reaching the end of their useful lives. The decline of these systems means more water disruptions, more contaminated water, and less reliable delivery of water to our ever-growing population. The cost of repairing and replacing our water and waste water systems will only continue to grow the longer we wait.
Anyway, I have been able to buy a few more of the Tim Holtz Die's for a swap I am in (refer to the previous post).
(If you don't care to know about the Oil Cleansing Method but ARE interested in my No 'Poo update then scroll to the bottom!)
A handcrafted gift is personal and can become a cherished keepsake and there are oodles things you can create that would make wonderful gifts and I will list some below but a handmade card tops the list for Mother's Day projects and look at all these all beautiful ideas like this stunning card Viola Mahr created - Oops- I just saw it was a mini album using images from our Birds & Blossoms Booklet but it would make a great card as well.
780 ***D-VI16/1979. “On the Religion Clauses of the First Amendment and the Limitations of Experts.” Public Law Seminar, Political Science Department, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1987(4), above, pp. 100-09, and in Item B-5, above, pp. 214-22 (1992).)
And what did I find – disappointment. His trademark style was missing. To give you a brief, this is a story of two boys set in that small town of Varanasi who fall for the same girl. One wants to use his brain to earn more money and the other looking to bring out a revolution. Though I am still unable to understand why the title, it started on a promising note, higher on emotion, lives of students struggling to clear entrance exams, helplessness, but in between, I felt like skipping some of the pages altogether – very unlike other Chetan Bhagat books. The climax was so very inspired by Bollywood films that it was not only predictable, it was a spoiler too. I did find some parts of the book entertaining, but the climax killed it all. The two minds, different thought processes; he picked up many of the emotions bang on the spot but somehow the actions lacked the intensity that was being conveyed through the words.
Don’t you realize this is legally impossible? Think of the EU, the Human Rights Act, the UN, the International blah blah blah blah blah…
Next, we come to one of the most perplexing verses regarding Mary in the Bible. After Mary tells Jesus, “They have no wine,” Jesus responds, saying, “O woman, what have you to do with me? My hour has not yet come” (Jn. 2:4).
So then there is a whole ridiculous thing about models. It is often interestingly lumped with other things, like demonizing of eating disorders and transphobia. Take this article for example:
(Flea Market Style Mag blog)
It’s a few dollars more than most of the wine I have tried thus far, but is well worth it.
02 Meccanic Dancing
The United States, Britain and France have spent over $600 million dropping bombs and missiles on Libya in just the past week. But they do not expect, if victorious, to necessarily become the colonial power on the ground. The exercise of their control would likely take a different form.
I'm not sure if I've got the emotional maturity of someone great or someone quite childish. If ever Mr. Marshall popped round again, I'd drop my Vampire opera instantly.
The apple is _____________________.
Now darkness falls
2 lbs. shell-on shrimp, raw
MARIE: “I shall never be able to express the joy of the untroubled quietness of this atmosphere of research and the excitement of actual progress.”
Designed with a push-button LATCH system, the car seat is easy to secure to your vehicle. The car seat offers a universal top tether system as an added anchor.
I am planning on sharing some new things that we have been doing in our Reading and Writing notebooks lately with you all tomorrow with pictures!
Do you hate taking the trash out every Friday? Well, you are not the only person to do so. Most American men do not like to do this one task, and really, there is nothing wrong with it, given that there are so many alternatives of this process.
Alfonso wonders why his friend Gianni isn’t all over the winsome lass. A soft shrug, a slight lift of the chin; Gianni has no answer. Alfonso asks him if he still likes women. Gianni looks like he’s actually thinking about how to answer that question.
12 True
While in college, he would spend some time at the Bloomington Brewing Company helping Floyd Rosenbaum brew. After graduation, he returned to his hometown of Indianapolis where he found a job working at homebrewing supply store Great Fermentations. That was almost ten years ago.
Nonetheless, there are massive differences been the efficiency and effectiveness of average accounting departments and those that operate at a world-class level. The key difference is having a lean focus on how the operation is constructed and operated.
Estee Chandler (Terminal Bliss)
Me: (laughing) But I'm cold.
So without further ado, I infect:
One of my best girlfriends had called me the day that I began having this breakdown and reminded me that it's ok to feel this way. I want him to be happy in life, but I don't. I want him to find someone to make him happy, but I don't. I don't want him, but I don't want anyone else to have him. She reminded me that it's ok to feel this way and it will eventually fade in time. Lots and lots of time. She also reminded me that, in the twelve years that we dated (on and off again constantly), he had never changed. He wasn't going to change. We don't even really believe that he's capable of changing. His lifestyle and my lifestyle did not mesh. At all. He is super social, he likes to sit around with the guys daily and drink beer and tell the same stories fifty times over, he is ok with and wants someone to live at home with his parents with him, he is carefree and lives spontaneously. I CANNOT do any of that. I am not social. I hate sitting around and making small talk and telling stories. I am very independent and I like to make plans and keep them and be able to depend on my partner for that too. And it isn't fair for either of us to ask the other to change the way they are for the other person.
Now, can you believe it, it's GLOBAL.
I must say that I don't love the contrasting band in white. However, when we picked this piece out at the fabric store there was nothing to match it. And the yellow and 3 different pinks I have in my swimsuit stash didn't match either--I tried, in various lights and they all looked nasty. I tried using the same fabric for the band, but that looked lame, in my opinion, too. So I figured we'd go with white.
A Brit Com focused on two twenty-something friends at crossroads in their lives. Tim (Simon Pegg) is a cynical aspiring comic book artist and geek who is dumped by his girlfriend in the first episode. Daisy (Jessica Stevenson) is a bubbly aspiring journalist who doesn't have anything to say nor the work ethic to say it. They pretend to be a couple in order to rent an inexpensive flat. The show focuses on their zany adventures as they struggle to get their lives on track. Tim's military-obsessed friend Mike, Daisy's ditzy glamour friend Twist, Mad Artist Brian in the flat below and dipsomaniac landlady Marsha complete the main cast. The show was written by its stars, Simon Pegg and Jessica Stevenson, and directed by Edgar Wright.
The view from the Bridge of Sighs was the last view of Venice that convicts saw before their imprisonment. The bridge name, given by Lord Byronin the 19th century, comes from the suggestion that prisoners would sigh at their final view of beautiful Venice through the window before being taken down to their cells. In reality, the days of inquisitions and summary executions were over by the time the bridge was built and the cells under the palace roof were occupied mostly by small-time criminals. In addition, little could be seen from inside the Bridge due to the stone grills covering the windows.
My daughter Victoria's first attempt on making cupcakes :) She watched the lovely cupcake-tutorial made by Christel, and used Christel's molds to make her own cupcakes!! It was quite easy, and Victoria did not even have all of the equipment required for making them.... I think she did a great job:)
And we will - we all agree that she did an incredible job in a very scarey situation!
Two weeks after last IVIG infusion begin another round of chemo
Yep. My underwear depresses me.
Still, at least some guys with a trendy logo are brewing a copy of Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, so that’s alright then.
-Dogg Housse
The characters are developed nicely. Each has his or her own quirks that makes them unique individuals. Yes, there's a romance, but it doesn't get in the way of the story.
Natalie Oldfield’s love for food and people meant she spent her formative years in the hospitality industry. It was during this time that her entrepreneurial endeavours led her to establish several corporate cafés and function venues, and eventually, as a tribute to her grandmother, she opened Dulcie May Kitchen. Dulcie May Kitchen is truly a family affair, where Natalie works alongside her sister, mother and father.
Well, I decided to talk to one ofthe 2 only people in the world that trully understand me …how?? Simply coz we were cut by the same scissors.
Teasin’! Bump and grind. But we saw nuthin’ that we hadn’t seen before. Bump and grind. Step inside and you’ll see even more. Bump and grind. In fairly prompt order, she’ll take it all off for you. Fig! Because of the mix crowd, it was no longer “fuck.” Boys, step right up! and take a look! Take it off! Bump and grind. Take it off! Here’s none other than, Miss Panama Seniorita, straight from South America and ready to be plucked, with nothing on but three roses statically placed. We tried to restrain ourselves and not go in ‘cause we’d seen it all before. What Charlotte and Molly and the kids didn’t know we thought wouldn’t hurt ‘em. Why a little sin in our lives was healthy. Enjoy life more and live a little longer and for that rejoice for maybe for it you can fit in an extra trip to the Bahamas. Wouldn’t it be nice? The Bahamas? Which would go to show that vitamins work and you’d still have the strength and stamina to endure a full day at the fair. Still I’m strong as strong as I ever been and it’s off to see what we normally saw since we’d been comin’ to the fair ever since I could remember, and if you can understand that you can understand how we was drawn to Dunk the Nigger.
Live Like We’re Dying – Kris Allen
Thursday morning we had breakfast at The Bunnery. This place is dangerous! You walk in and you are surrounded by counters full of baked goods. One side is all cakes and beautiful pies. The other side is every kind of breakfast pastry imaginable - plain croissants, filled croissants, sticky buns, cinnamon rolls, almond twists, cinnamon twists, muffins of all sorts - along with cookies, brownies, and lemon squares.
That group is the section of the young white British working class, from sink estates and those depressing corners of the dependency culture once promoted by those same politicians who now condemn them. The one ethnic group who we are allowed to call (white) trash.
Thank you all for your likes and engaging comments that urge me to keep writing. This insightful experience has only begun.
This somehow takes the sting out of wondering about all the legislation now ruling the taking of photos in public places. Another blast of information has been posted in the Photography Forum in Boards.ie, decrying the death of candid urban photography.
Today I’m using myself as the example for how Law of Attraction helps with weight issues. Growing up I was very slim. Not bean pole thin, I had hips, breasts and a few curves, but I was thin. So, I know what thin feels like. Then at 24, pregnant with my daughter, my hormones and metabolism went haywire. In only nine months I gained 70 lbs. My blood pressure stayed down, there really wasn’t any water retention, I was just fat! I gave new meaning to the expression “beached whale.” And, no, my daughter only weighed 6 lbs, 15oz. The rest was me. I wore my maternity clothes home from the hospital after she was born. In fact, I wore maternity clothes for almost 4 more months and then had to buy…wait for it…size 14 pants. What did I do?
(all amounts are approx, you may need more or less depending on how tightly you stitch)
"I'm so impressed with us," Sara said.
7:20: Penguin gets a bath.
Laden with happiness,
Full Ring or mean to say short handed? Full ring (9 or 10 players table) you play less hands per hour in Short Handed (6 player tables) however game speed is lower, so you can open more table full ring of Short Handed. Test and hold the option that best suits you. You must be able to play double Full Ring tables for Short Handed.
Dozens of scientific studies have found that exposure to 2,4-D is linked to major health problems such as cancer, lowered sperm counts, liver disease, Parkinson’s disease and disruption of hormonal, reproductive and neurological systems.
8th of October 2010
4. Add they honey/silan, tomato paste and chicken stock to the pan and mix in. Then sprinkle the flour and mix till there are no lumps.
Excised from this retelling but in the original is the elaborate tale-within-a-tale of Cupid and Psyche. Though this additional story might have accounted for the passing of time along the road it does divert attention away from the primary storyline. What is interesting is that this change underscores how the focus on Prudentius's tale of becoming an ass ambles along through a series of unpredictable events. This isn't the narrative tradition we now expect which is character and goal driven. Okay, it is, because he does set out initially to find roses to relieve him of the magic, but he just as quickly is willing to give up hopes of being human when he finds a way to turn his transformation into an asset. In the end the story manages to come full circle but has the hero taken a journey or were we treated to a series of Chaucer-like tales of life in Ancient Rome connected by a donkey? Or perhaps these are closer to the tales of Sheheraazade, tales told to achieve a means to an end, loosely connected by the teller right down to the nesting of stories within stories.
The IPKat has expressed his concern in recent times about the lack of transparency that appears to attend the making of references to the Court of Justice of the European Union for a preliminary ruling on a point of intellectual property law (see here and here). Equally, it is no secret that the Kat has taken an interest in the current reference for a preliminary ruling in Case C-307/10 Chartered Institute of Patent Attorneys (the "IP TRANSLATOR" case: click here for background and links to earlier posts). This case, incidentally, does not involve life-and-death matters, even for IP attorneys and their clients. No kingdoms will be lost on the basis of the outcome; the scribes and commentators of the future decades will not be saying "this is the case that changed the face of Europe as we know it". The questions referred are these:
Mario Ambit 1:56:533
I put Lily down on the floor and sat behind her. She finally seemed like herself- up until then the effects of the anesthesia were evident, and I wasn't really sure what she was hearing. So when I whispered, "I love you, Lily", and she JERKED her head around to look at me, I knew the tubes were a success. I can't even tell you how that feels to know your baby is hearing you when you're just whispering. For months we've been noticing that unless we're talking directly at her, and she sees our faces, or talking very loudly, she doesn't respond. Quite honestly I thought it was the Down syndrome. Or the fact that she's turning into a toddler :) But seeing her react to our voices today, and turn her head to see where they're coming from, just shows me how much she's been missing.
As usual, the sign up form (below) will be available for one week - so get signing! Also, please take a minute to re-read our Rules and Information section.
"I can't leave the house right now. It snowed yesterday in DC and Hannity is making fun of Al Gore."
worse
Life has been good to me and I feel blessed to have been able to wake up and breathe with ease over the past year. As aways this blog is dedicated to my donor and his/her family.
– ATF: It’s Illegal For Medical-Marijuana Patients To Have Guns
For the same reasons the goddess has survived through the millina. Women have been deeply wounded by men in the name of a patriarchal God. Women have been deeply wounded in the way of sexuality and intimacy. They have depraved of respect as wives, mothers or spiritual leaders. So they have sought their power supernaturally. They have have sought comfort in the arms of the goddess who hates God and men just the same. But in a quest to find their femininity they have been tricked by a neuter enemy. In a quest to find sexual fertility they have been tricked into sacrificing their gender and their offspring. In a quest to find power they have only found darkness disguised as light.
Skin: Elly- Pure -(Light Brow)
Their vision began back in 2005 and simply as the story is told on the welcoming website page by Mugison himself:
She climbed into my bed and began reading. She was reading very monotone. She is, after all, deaf. I said, wait, listen. I read the way she was reading and then I read with pauses and inflection. We have done this many times before, but it is an area she has struggled with. I asked her which sounded better. Which sounded more interesting. She thought my way did, so I said you try. She said OK and began to read and by golly if she didn't get it! She sounded awesome! I could hear the difference in her voice and so could she. The Marine and I sat there listening to her and marveled at the progress this child has made.
"Mary Ann Cotton,
Day 9- a photo you took since your loss
Max loves him some Beatles.
Dark with blond streaks
-Taken from Goodreads.com
December 25th is at its worst a capitalist society's convention to mix some spiritual concepts like the birth of Jesus Christ and the birth of St. Nicholas (who I suspect is not a real saint) with one financial convention. "Let's revive the economy annually by going out to buy gifts for people who's birthday it is not with the exception of those actually born on December 25th to celebrate this day", is how this shakes down.
This morning, after realizing last night that we were outta bread (aah!) I decided to whip up a bannock for breakfast!
“I know if I want to be with a girl after spending time with her after a few dates. If we’ve been talking for months and I say I’m not sure, it’s probably because I don’t want a relationship with her. I mean, I might like kicking it with you but that’s it. If you don’t have what I’m looking for after a few months, you won’t have it in a few years,” a guy friend said to me after I blatantly asked him ‘what’s up with guys and the mixed signals?” (Sidebar: I think it’s important on my behalf to note that he was not referring to me but answering a general question as a friend). Still, that question was all I had to say to generate a response. He knew exactly what I meant, as he was guilty of committing the ‘stringing someone along’ crime. Of course this is not a male bashing article, because in retrospect, he had also been a victim before.
Of course, I don’t remember.
Name: Amy Pine
“D-Dominique…?” I stuttered. The wicked smile on her face hurt me, I won’t even lie.
Germany’s business bible Handelsblatt said: ‘Although each of the two porno films cost only £5 the political costs of the evening’s entertainment are not yet foreseeable.’
Her note says that “the rules of Congressional courtesy prevent Rep. Pelosi from replying to emails if she cannot determine that you are a constituent.” But then, you don’t need her to reply. You just need your national Speaker of the House to use part of her one hundred hours to bring a little justice back home.
enjoy 0019-153.jpg (by skrockodile (www.cookbookcatchall.blogspot.com)) - this caviar shot is almost a black & white image. Only the script is remaining of a color image. Here we have a two-fold negative space. The caviar in the box is working as negative space for the caviar on the spoon. And the white background is a negative space for the bow. This minimalistic setting is emphasizing the exclusiveness of the caviar.
SABIE: Elderly couple brutally assaulted by armed intruders.
Believe me, I don’t want punters dicks shoved up me anymore, I don’t want to hear their whispers in my ear, their hands in my hair, their horrible sex noises. But I wouldn’t be able to get it wrong. I couldn’t screw it up because I know exactly how to be a good escort. In the rest of the world, it’s so much more difficult. You could fuck up at any moment, and then you have only yourself to blame, all your baggage or not. Mostly it’s difficult because I have to scrabble about for belief in myself; In my current job I have to really believe in myself, and in the qualities and experience I bring to it. That can be a difficult task after using your sexuality as an excuse for self worth for so long.
We'll leave you with a pic of Drew's latest trick from this evening:
9/19 – Omaha, NE – Sokol Underground
Bring the chance to be free
That is the long-running task of militants in the workplace, to build the networks and committees that get such rank-and-file organisation off the ground. However, for most shop stewards and lay activists, it'll mainly be a case of overcoming a general sense of defeatism and making the case for the next one day strike rather than drawing people into a rank-and-file group empowered to push beyond those limitations. Such is the benefit to union officials of managed defeat; not only does it ensure their position at the top table selling industrial peace, it makes it that much harder for control of the struggle to be wrested from their grasp.
Too many people think September 11th was only about killing. It was about killing — but it was about much more than that. It was about utterly destroying the entire nation. It was about bringing down America.
Every question asked bar one, was effectively a condemnation of the BNP and its leader, each requiring Griffin to defend himself against a baying mob. In fact the only one which wasn't about the BNP and related to the tragic death of Boyzone singer Stephen Gately, was clearly chosen as a trap designed to enable Griffin to be accused of homophobia, which he inevitably was, even though his response was far more moderate than those who chose the question no doubt hoped.
leave to cook for around 20 minutes, add a little water if it evaporates. when the meat and the leeks become tender remove the lid, add the tomato sauce and cook until the remaining of the water evaporates.
We're not a race of Religious people,
Today I live in a village ten minutes outside of Cambridge. We have a list-serve which anyone in the village can use. The messages mostly reflect village life – the play in the village hall, quiz night at the local pub, the suspicious calls villagers should not trust, the progress of rebuilding the store and post office that was burned to the ground last May. Sometimes people are giving away excess furniture, electronics, dishes, children’s toys, or extra produce from the garden. Sometimes people are looking for them. Sometimes people are looking for jobs or people to fill a vacancy.
A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger.
The claim that there is something (the quality of phenomenal experience) that cannot be explained by physical science is strictly analogous to the 19th century “vitalist” claim that the property of being alive could not be explained by physical science (the phrase “élan vital” was actually coined later, in 1907, by Henri Bergson in his book Creative Evolution). Consider all of the physical facts about physical states and processes in the body, the vitalist argued: singularly or together none of these facts entail that the body be alive.
Your knee bouncing restlessly beneath your desk.
Publisher: Atheneum Books for Young Readers
The little man looking letter is a person with his hands raised; meaning to reveal or behold what comes from.
I'm on track to make over $200,000 on ebook sales in 2011, and have made over $100,000 this year. So I can earn more in two years on my own than I could in seven years with a traditional publisher. Hell, I earned more this month than I got as an advance for Afraid ($20k for Afraid, $22k for this December self-pubbing.)
That's an unusual locution, because critics--at least Develop Don't Destroy Brooklyn, the main opposition group--were arguing that the project was a million square feet larger (by citing the zoning square feet figures originally promulgated by Forest City Ratner).
What’s Up Boys (BD 6th); 2005 Double Honour (UR 21st); 2007 Zabenz (PU bef 7th), Monkerhostin (Ref 7th); 2009 Zabenz (Fell
One can only hope that Kolaportið has a future: according to a recent article in the national daily Morgunblaðið, the customs office next door is about to expand, and wants to grab the space currently occupied by the market for car parking spaces. It won't go without a fight.
Punches:
"Result from the Millennium Stadium :
In the end the split works. Wake's style owes more to the metal heritage of grindcore whereas Dephosphorus owes more to the stripped down aggressive roots of punk.
JEAN Alesi was one of Grand Prix racing’s leading stars in the 1990s. He was awesome in the rain, often searing fast on a flying lap and put in some spectacular performances against the odds. Therefore, for someone who drove for Ferrari and Benetton between 1991 and 1997, it seems staggering to think that the Frenchman only ever won one Grand Prix in his entire career. Alesi had some rotten luck and also had his off days. Plus he was never shy to criticise anyone if he was unhappy with the setup of his car. An emotional character who was always committed and in many’s eyes, deserved more but for some dodgy career moves.
(I came back home to Christmas shop with Greg while the kids visited my parents. Ahead who? Unheard of.)
Outdoor Classroom
- My wife says: OOOooooooooooooooo. I wanted to watch Titanic: The final word.
I tried to get him to forget. "Hey James, we are meeting John at the park" "No, I want to go home" "What about your race tomorrow?" "Mommy, I may not come in first place." That is when I knew it was serious. We dropped Andy off at the park and picked up snacks (thanks SOOO much Ms. Juliet) and headed to Urgent Care.
Saturday, May 14 - The Roundhouse - London, England *Mute Festival
The other day, my sister, Paula and her kids, took me to the airport. As we were riding, my nephew, Joseph, leaned up from his seat to where I was sitting in the front-passenger-seat. Out of the blue, he asked me, “Can doctors fix blind people?”
We taught the value of coins and dollars at the same time that we taught the simple concepts of give, save and spend. We began as soon as I was reasonably certain that our children would not attempt to eat coins, and they could count by tens, about the ages of 3 and 4. Admittedly, 3 was a little young. I had to help my little guy a lot, but there was no way I was going to start one without the other. I knew that as soon as the value of money was realized, we’d have a war on our hands. Our older two came to live with us at the ages of 8 and 10, so we just started them out with a similar system on a higher pay scale (if I remember correctly).
Saki
Women in pastoral/leadership positions (other than Children’s Ministry or Administration)
Do you have a second mode of transportation besides your main vehicle?
Right now I should be writing a dissertation, but my good friend procrastination has decided to take me swiftly by the hand and lead me into a world of endless YouTube video watching, Facebook trawling, and tweeting.
Maybe it feels like being mean is automatic. It feels like you can't help it. But you don't have to surrender to it. You can be in charge of your own behaviors, your own reactions. If you can't control yourself as a grown up, how do you ever expect your children to do so? Choose to be kind. Choose to adjust. Choose to be gentle, soft, and sweet with your words and your actions.
Today I took some pics in the garden. They’re not spectacular. It’s Autumn, despite the warmth, so there aren’t many flowers and my little garden is looking distinctly untidy.
Sound: 10/10- Despite the fact that it’s a Game Boy game, LA had easily the most varied and impressive soundtrack in the series to date back in 1993, and the sound was still awesome on the Game Boy Color in 1998, just as it’s still awesome at present on the 3DS. Among the game’s several firsts, this was also the first game in the series to give each dungeon its own unique theme, rather than having them all share the same tune. The overworld themes changed much more often as you moved between locations, and there was just an extensive number of impressive-sounding music, even from the primitive Game Boy and Game Boy Color speakers from way back when. As far as sound effects go, while some are a little screechy, as was expected in a Game Boy/Game Boy Color game, most of them sounded with much better definition and authenticity than most other Game Boy-esque effects of the time. Even if the ear-bleeding pitch is still an occasional issue, this is one of the most impressive audio jobs in the entire Game Boy and Game Boy Color library, so it’s still a joy to listen to out of the 3DS speakers!
Do the Romney’s have to worry about electric rates or how much they have to pay to get their grass cut or hedges trimmed? I think not.
$1
And I thought, "what a LOVELY place we've moved to" and let out an extremely saccharine sigh.
Wilde experiences many moments of clarity regarding their relationship, telling himself he is going “to try and get rid of a friendship that was entirely destructive of everything fine in me” (15), but it is Wilde’s will to suffer that keeps Bosie close.
You know what else I didn't know about (but I do now)? Chevron. I was reading some chick's blog and she was going nutso about some Chevron shirt or fabric or something. And I was all, "the gas station?"
After getting my hair cut to an acceptable length again, I headed off to the birthday party of one of my sister's recently married, Mormon, ex-boyfriends. We went to a sports bar/restaurant. In the middle of the table sat we ex-Mormons, my sister and her friend Yasmin sipping their adorable little Bud Light Limes. I sat next to the Brit who had just cut my hair down at her salon, neither of us drinking in favor of stuffing our faces with fries, fried green beans, fried mushrooms, wings of various flavors, a muffalata, and about a dozen dipping sauces. Oh and then the birthday cake of course. I taught Yasmin how to make a good whistling sound with her straw, so that occupied us the hour or so we were there.
24 robert
So this past Sunday I woke up a little late for church and needed to get ready in a short period of time, so I decided on wearing something easy but still chic. A classic wrap dress is great for times like this, super simple (no fuss), but still stylish. It's perfect for every silhouette and if you get it in a print, it looks a lot more than what it really is (although solid color wrap dresses, especially black offers a lot more versatility).
” Hey why don’t you become a priestess? It would be damn cool.. ” Tiku – the high priestess of Delhi. She has the divine power . “
Chapter 1: Well, I do like the way this book is being written. You can get a sense of flow and rhythm from the book and the story. So far, I really like the story that was introduced in this portion of the book. The story starts us off with some Jedi returning from a journey and they bring Master Yoda a message from Count Dooku. We then reflect upon the days that Yoda and Dooku were Master and Apprentice and it’s interesting to see the connection these two young Jedi had way back when and I never thought about what this Clone War had done to the two of them. We then get a chance to see Dooku’s side of things as well. We also get a chance to reflect with Dooku a bit also. The other thing that was interesting about this first chapter was the concern that Dooku had about Asajj Ventress. He’s not really sure what to think of his apprentice and he’s actually concerned that things are not going to end well for him if she continues on as his apprentice. I think his apprehension is well noted. Overall, it was a good start to the book and it has me excited about the next chapters. I liked this chapter and I’m on my way in this book.
In some trains you may book seat reservations at a fee. Even with the rail pass, you may still need to pay a supplementary mountain pass. Check your rail pass information.
So call me crazy, but over the years (16 to be exact), my husband and I have had seven couches and three love seats. We still own two of the couches and two of the love seats. Fickle, who me?
Just for You is done with the Bella Bleu pattern paper, Oval All stamp set with matching punches and a few brads for a finishing touch.
Severe weather will be forming or is currently active in .. Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri, Indiana, Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York State.
June Foray as Tanya Malichite
I was up at 4 am with Shawn before he had to leave for work and I noticed it was storming out. I love a good storm as long as it doesn't turn severe! After he left I got involved in doing some things around the house and then went back to bed where I stayed till Kelsey woke me up at noontime! I must have really needed that to be in bed that long! Lately sleep has been hard to come by with Fluff not sleeping all night. It's almost like having a baby again! LOL The last few nights we've been giving her a Benedryl and she's been falling asleep in her bed in the living room so we've been sneaking off and shutting our door at night and letting her there. I know i'm starting to feel much more rested with letting her sleep in the living room but hate doing that.
1 small package slivered almonds
The plan was put on hold as Santa Monica trustees announced they were “stunned” by the negative reaction to the plan.
(10/10) ZAK PADMORE
Sometimes the race card gets a little old and tedious. There are a lot of people in the US who make a princely income by race-baiting and by living through incendiary speech and through vitriolic hatred. Most of these people are not white, but are members of so-called minority pressure groups. These are the same people who were hugely disappointed when a mixed-race man became President of the United States because it made a lot of their bluster look foolish.
This is Noise - so far. Noise is about a 60" square and it is my plan to quilt her this weekend. She is made of Bella, Kona and linen solids and Umbrella Prints Trimmings.
This is the rather beautiful Mercure Madeley Court Hotel, just outside Ironbridge where we eventually got out of the rain, wrung out our gloves, washed our luggage off in the bathtub and drank our Hobson’s ales whilst watching the grand prix which, through some bizarre twist of fate, was severely delayed due to heavy rainfall.
I apply a starting point to our Sketch Tuesday assignments:
“I think you should look however you want to look, sweetie. I want you to be happy with your avatar because once I post it on the blog, I’m not going to change it. Whatever gets posted is the way it will stay. Permanently. So maybe you should think about it for a while so you’ll be sure to be happy and satisfied with your decision. Just go with whatever makes you happy. It doesn’t matter what anybody else thinks.”
***Canadian Toll-Free Number Provided By Commenter Daniel
I am fully prepared to believe hockey fans are the most deranged of them all but I have yet to attend a curling match or a cricket match, so I may be wrong. And I’m sure you’ll all let me know. The LFG hubby played hockey at college, so he keeps a little torch burning for the sport and we indulge in watching a live game when we can. I stand up and cheer but do not hoot, holler, roar, bray, or bawl. Not for hockey at least….
Some strides are being made in Canada. Earlier this year, Toronto Police said they graduated a class that was 33 per cent made up of visible minorities, 23 per cent female. The Ontario Provincial Police force claims to be more than 30 per cent female, but says it doesn't track the races of the ranks.
Pink, blue and purple doesn’t exactly scream come rest and relax in your home away from home. ;)
Listening: Ken Burns' Jazz
Think about this for a moment. When is the last time you heard any mention of Sarah Palin since she announced that would not seek the Republican Party nomination for President? It has been a long time hasn’t it? Most of you have probably not heard mention of her since that very day of October 5, 2011.
Beat butter and cream cheese on medium speed for 3min or more until blended, creamy and smooth. Add, vanilla, lemon juice, and Chambord. Mix until combined. Slowly add powdered sugar, stopping to scrape down bowl. Add blackberry preserves and mix until well blended. Add powdered sugar if frosting is too thin for piping onto cupcakes. This makes more than enough to cover 24 cupcakes (depending on how thickly applied you like your frosting).
In life, things tend to happen to us and those around us at times when we least expect them. Most of these occurrences cannot be prevented so many of us like to call these things fate. Well, at least only the good occurrences. For example, you’ll hear people constantly say, “It was fate that brought us together.” Or, “It was fate that I was at this particular place at this time.” However, you never really hear people use the word fate when it comes to negative situations. But whether you like to believe that everything happens for a reason, or that something good comes along after every time something bad occurs, there is a bigger point to be made here.
If you’re going to do something that in public, looks illegal, or actually is illegal………………………keep it in the bedroom folks. Love isn’t an excuse for everything. Sometimes you have to explain yourself to people, and you might be naked, and you will definitely look like a jerk. But hay, if that don’t matter to YOU, then the world is your stage/bed.
Eventually, Rush Limbaugh moved to a fledgling crosstown rival and Fisher allowed KVI to atrophy. Finally in 2010, 570 switched to an oldies format, which bombed.
- The Case For A Creator (Lee Strobel)
2And said to them, You have kept all the orders of Moses, the Lord’s servant, and have done everything I gave you orders to do:
Make sure you stop by Scrapbookaholic by Abby to see what the rest of the DT has created! We'd love to see what you create!!!!! The prizes for this challenge AMAZING!!! I wish I had a chance to win those goodies!! Make sure you stop by the sponsors for the challenge as well!!!!
You never need go it alone again
If you are wanting to make ice cream, just put the liquid in a tupperwear tub and make sure to take it out and stir your mixture with a fork about every 30 mins until it's the consistency that you want it. Also, you don't technically have to heat this up. I just did because it's easier to dissolve the sugar but if you use honey (like I normally do) then you don't need to heat it at all. Just stir everything together in a bowl and freeze! It's as easy as catching a cold and much more pleasant!
Lame, depressing, summer vacation.
Next, we went on a miniature hike through the snow packed foothills of the Rocky Mountains. The Anne U. White Trail is a short (45 minute) one way path that gently leads one through a forest laden with pine trees and mossy cliffs. We hopped over several streams and waterfalls that would feel “life size” to fairies in trolls. Breathing here was easy; the absence of pollution evident by the crispness of the air. My lungs eagerly filled, and my nostrils were easily overwhelmed by the purity and scents that were once unbeknownst.
And it’s a very hummable soundtrack. Or so Mr 6 seems to think so. And a very catchy soundtrack, contagious one might even say – or so Mr 3 would agree.
2. Put a “Best of Barry Manilow” CD in the machine and turn it up to the maximum setting.
From the list below it is therefore as much a question of who Holdsworth wants to keep as well as how many will use their savings to prove their loyalty to him. Although few clubs however will want someone on the wage bill until July 1st a better deal will entice a bank manager to facilitate an overdraft or a bridging loan.
On his way to the bedroom, he had shown the men where the safe was, then pretended to be searching for the keys. Sicholo had reached down for his gun and fired at the two men, hitting one in the chest. The man had died instantly.
or bozo the clown.
Yesterday was a nice sunny day chilly winds at times but still nice. Miggy and I went for an hour walk it was wonderful all the birds singing and chatting as it echoed through out the valley woods. We are still getting a light frost in the mornings but nothing that will damage any plants ! WOOHOO ! Papa cut the grass when he got home from work ! It’s a good sign when the first grass cutting is done . Our grass was thick and soo green . I love the smell of fresh cut grass but I find the first grass cut of the season smells the best !
The Verdict (David Mamet)
'Now,' said St Peter, 'Go away and think about those questions and when I call upon you, I shall expect you to have those answers for me.'
The latest in the entry is a very unique one -- My Week With Marilyn (Weinstein Company) tells the diary account of Colin Clark, a lowly 23 year old assistant who worked on her film "The Prince and the Showgirl" with Sir Laurence Olivier. Marilyn was married to Arthur Miller at the time and when he departed the set for Paris, she fled with Clark to the English countryside for a welcome respite from the spotlight.
Then, he identifies his remarks to the “brethren”. This is the Greek word adelphos, meaning “out of the same womb.” Paul was also a Jew identifying himself of the tribe of Benjamin. You can see that in both Romans 11:1 and Philippians 3:5. Paul was making sure that his audience knew that he, too, was a Jew like them.
• Rocket Arugula – hey, it worked last year, let’s try it again this year and start picking it as it’s ready to keep it from flowering.
Sorry I haven’t posted in so long. I have been focused on a couple of other projects and things going on in my life lately.
Why couldn’t we see through the glam and the glitz
Ziezo said...
Gram dhal - 1 teaspoon
So any thoughts on how to use the images?
“I can’t face all those people!” I whined. I looked at Mom. She shrugged–no bail out there.
And it was not what I thought it was. It doesn’t want much. There are no demands, no resentment, no punishment or resentment. Just a few gentle requests. All things I can manage, and all things that will return tenfold in joy.
That and the Argyle MK stamp
The Environment News Service reported that, from 1990 – 2011, oil and gas companies contributed $238.7 million into gubernatorial and Congressional election campaigns to persuade lawmakers that fracking is safe. The fracking industry spending especially targeted oversight – members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works.
1 1/2 c. flour
as they brighten
I painted a painting and then spent my time sanding it off.
Instead of weekly pickups,
It depends. I expect them to eat their dinner, but if they're full I won't push them. The last thing I want to do is create eating disorders in my children.
“Alright, what happened here?” shouted the guard. “Hey Andy, welcome back!”
Andrew and I decided we're going to stick it out and renew our lease. We've still got a year left on it, and as embarrassed as I am to admit it, we've been here for a year with a whole mess of unpacked boxes.
- Some Thyme (fresh or dried)
Yard stick
There have been so many thoughts swimming in my head lately - things that I've wanted to write about, jot down, things to remember about what I'm feeling and learning.
He had a gilt-ladden tongue but a poisonous bite
But still. Somewhere. Deep inside. I find it. Patience.
Art has the capacity to evoke a range of emotions from the viewer, whether it be religious fervour, nostalgia, romance or even horror. Valentine Green’s engraving, Youth rescued from a Shark (1779), is designed to portray what was seen as, and to a large extent is still considered, one of the most feared aspects of the ocean – a shark attack.
Makes 4-6 (depending on the size of your tart pans)
Here are more of these previously unknown stories of what Mitt Romney has done over his lifetime to help those in need. Though, much to the frustration of some of his supporters, the campaign isn't making use of these stories, perhaps because they're afraid that people would pay attention to the fact that he was helping people in his role as a Mormon leader and that just creeps out too many people. It's a sorry situation we're in where people would reject evidence of someone helping other simply because they were of an unpopular religion. No one would reject similar stories of a Jew or Muslim who helped others; perhaps this will be the year that people will over come their anti-Mormon bigotry.
Just over two months ago, on June 9th, I started a new little series within this blog, in which I proposed to write posts explicitly dealing with the process and experiences leading up to the September 15th publication of my new book: call it a log of the third trimester, if you will. I promised to be honest, to give "a backstage glimpse" of what it's like to be awaiting your book's release into the world.
But, there is no automaticity in the way that either Lenin or Luxemburg believed. The Trades Unions could act as centres of organisation through which workers could begin to develop their forms of property, their forms of government, their political parties, but the actual transformation of workers consciousness, could only arise out of a transformation of their material conditions, not as some single cataclysmic event, but as Marx said, as part of a long drawn out process of the dissolution of the Capitalist Mode of Production. Workers would no more participate in the running of Co-operatives, or of their Party, than they already did in their Trades Unions, unless the very conditions of their existence led them to do so. That was why the nature of producer co-operatives as opposed to Consumer Co-ops was important, because their very nature, especially in competition with capitalist enterprise, forced every worker within them, to take an active role in order to protect their job, and their investment in it.
I’m losing it to you
Despite the hardships that Nina endured, her life was successful. How do I know? Because she was loved. Because people cried and grieved at her death.
08-05 Chicago, IL – Lollapalooza
The Pope then cited St. Anselm’s most famous phrase: “Nor do I seek to understand that I may believe, but I believe so that I may understand.”
the coughing and sneezing continued all morning.
Leinenkugel's Big Eddy Wee Heavy Scotch Ale (
So, it kind of makes me warm to the guy. I mean, he was clearly in touch with his feminine side and yet he wrote this darkly sinister story about a Tranny(lol)sylvanian Count who swept Lizard-like about the walls of his castle and drained the blood of every lily-skinned female who crossed his path.
Entrance to a traditional house.
tonight.
And here is one of the little videos I had to do for uni. It was a group assignment, and was very fun. It could only have sound effects, dialogue and music was not allowed. Also the time stamp thing was unfortunate but there was nothing we could do! :(
Las Cruces, or Crosses, is a popular competition of crosses in which, every year, each barrio dedicates time and money in order to create these beautifully artistic floral crosses. Each cross is a representation of the pride and spirit in the barrio and are typically surrounded by potted plants and flowers in colours that complement the unique attributes of each zone. The crosses bring the community out in force in order to honour the work that has gone into making these elaborate and colourful crosses while also delighting in the possibility that their cross could earn them the much sought after title of Best Cross! As well as this sacred title, there are several monetary prizes up for grabs in this competition, these prizes range from €665 to €1165, making this competition a very profitable one for each winning community!
Wood Lane
And surely ye’ll be your pint-stowp!
Shortly, Jon Rosen's dumb cassette compilation of local bands came out. Info about this release, now of interest only to Giant Sand completists, can be found here. To give you an idea of what a raging egomaniac Jon was, he put a picture of himself on the cover, and the first sounds on the tape were of him talking (and taking a hit off a joint). Imagine our surprise when our song, Bulimia Rhapsody, was actually put into light rotation on his radio station, the godawful 96 Rock. I heard it being played in Zip's Records!
An author might have a $15,000 advance for one book, original trade paperback. Then there can be a clause in the contract that if the work ships more than 25,000 copies in a 12-month period, the publisher will pay the author an extra advance of $5000.00 (or whatever).
Comprising lush vignettes of different parts of the country, cut to a song by Roseanne Cash, Land of Dreams is a textbook definition of anthem commercial. Most definitely American, it’s a fastball down the middle, with a good song and gorgeous images. I wonder about one scene or another but basically I’m impressed.
115) my bible, the cover has fallen off and it needs fixing, it is the one I have had since a child,
Mr. Kiraly was located and arrested at a local motel. He was additionally charged with burglary and theft by Marlboro, stemming from the investigation there.
Treston, the athlete.
Growing up I never really fit in. I was different. I was awkward. Even my family knew there was something off about me but they never could tell just what it was. That wouldn’t happen until I was nearly seventeen, but I will get to that later.
‘I reject all human hierarchy.’ (Adrien Duchosal)
The Movie “The Artist” came out of nowhere to win some golden statues at this past Academy Awards. When Jean Dujardin accepted his Oscar, his sexy hair was a product of Leonor Greyl’s men’s line and the styling talent of Louise Moon. Leonor Greyl seized the opportunity and made an adorable silent short in the spirit of “The Artist” featuring Ms. Moon as the stylist, and of course Leonor Greyl Products as the star. I had the opportunity to interview Louise Moon about her illustrious career, the short, and what it’s like to work with Leonor Greyl products.
I hope that your holiday weekend is going FABULOUS! and that you are surround by all your family and friends, along with some super yummy foods finished off with a great shopping trip here and there:) Here at my home we have been enjoying the time together and getting ourselves in the Holiday spirt.
But before we get underway, permit me a few disclaimers.
Melanie: My YA series, Starfire Angels, is about a teen "angel" who grew up on Earth believing she was human, discovering what she really is, and learning to become what she was meant to be. In the process, she falls in love with one of her own kind sent to train her while they fight those who would kill to claim the Starfire Crystal shard that she protects.
I have used C1, C00 on her face with only a touch of C3 for the shading areas. I didn't want her face to look dirty. For the trees in the foreground I have used C5, C3, C1, COO and for her hair I have used C7, C5, C3. By using different combinations of the greys I have tried to make the image contrast rather than appearing flat by using one combinatiion everywhere. Hopefully you can see this.
singin' loud
After temporarily stabilizing the financial markets in September, the next several months offered the last opportunities to minimize the pain that would be necessary to fix the financial system. This is when losses should have been taken and the banks restructured. The bad debt should have been exposed and flushed from the system. This would have caused a short term dislocation in the American and global economies, but it would have been over fairly quickly and would have provided a healthy foundation for recovery. Instead, TPTB instituted policies that would cover up the problem in the short term, but magnify the ultimate devastation that was guaranteed by their actions in the longer term.
e-v-e-r-y s-t-e-p o-f t-h-e w-a-y.
As far as Chablis is concerned it is trickier to get a direct alternative. Everything that springs to mind is a little different. The area around Chablis produces some other excellent unoaked Chardonnays under the Bourgogne Côtes d’Auxerre appellation while the nearby village of St Bris makes wines with a similar weight, thrust and minerality from Sauvignon – try the wonderful Domaine Felix Sauvignon de St Bris from Boutinot.
It’s a move required by the U.S. Department of Justice after it says NOT enough African-Americans (Blacks) PASSED the exam.
I thank the Father that His Only Begotten Son did not say in defiant protest at Calvary, “My body is my own!” I stand in admiration of women today who resist the fashion of abortion, by refusing to make the sacred womb a tomb! Neal A. Maxwell (“The Women of God,” Ensign, May 1978, 10)
Hoping that you have a good week.
It has been all but easy getting this far, so it was a joy to Goretti and I to let our hair down a bit and lap up the moment. A brief thanks has to go out to the friends and family who have been so very helpful in the last few weeks and months and to the magnificent team who have helped us get thus far in fullfiling our dream.
I was talking with a friend of mine recently and she is one of ‘those’ kinds of friends. You know the type. She knows how to ask the right question, how to listen intently and wait as long as it takes to get the real answer, the right answer and to make you feel safe enough that if you wanted to…you could cry with her. And it would totally be ok.
Call for black ‘Bachelors’
(76)
That’s not hard to make…. Right? You CAN do it. But you can’t offer each family member special things due to picky eating. In our house, what I put on the table is it. Is everyone always happy? HECK NO! Gabi has decided she is a vegetarian again… selective too. So half the time, she leaves the table having a carrot, a slice of cucumber, and a spoon of rice. Or won’t eat the organic meatball and wants pasta only plain (another annoying thing…. kids that will only eat plain stuff…. how do you change that? Introduce new flavors gradually. I’m working with Gabi, and stick to your guns- remember the goal you are looking to reach!). When I look at her diet, or my son’s, I consider the week as a whole…. and you know what? We are doing ok! We have treats and such, but balance them with the healthy stuff… and our treats? Homemade chocolate chip cookies with almond flour and dark chocolate and agave, raw cookies (with dates), lara bars, banana with peanut butter. …. for example.
I know that your eyes rested on each word
The authors concluded that participants with autism are more likely to encode their movements in terms of intrinsic coordinates (ie their own muscle movements) rather than extrinsic coordinates (ie the task setting).
Next up was the Marshmallow Frosting. I got the recipe from the Glorious Treats Blog. I made the frosting according to the directions and it did not come out ok!! My frosting was so thin. I couldn't pipe it on the cupcakes (see picture). I just had to spoon it on.
It's been fairly quiet out in blogland this summer it seems. I think perhaps we have all gotten a little lost in the sunshine and blue skies... It's been splendid hasn't it? Roof top garden salads, farmers market trips, fishing, and long sunny hours spent summer reading.
In no particular order...
According to ADAPTT, this is “the number of animals killed worldwide by the meat, egg, and dairy industries. These numbers do NOT include the many MILLIONS of animals killed each year in vivisection laboratories. They do NOT include the MILLIONS of dogs and cats killed in animal shelters every year. They do NOT include the animals who died while held captive in the animal-slavery enterprises of circuses, rodeos, zoos, and marine parks. They do NOT include the animals killed while pressed into such blood sports as bullfighting, cockfighting, dogfighting, and bear-baiting, nor do they include horses and greyhounds who were exterminated after they were no longer deemed suitable for racing.”
Too bad! You missed it. About a dozen people showed up last Saturday for Peter Greenberg’s DJ set at Taosound, a whirlwind blitz of the finest 60s Garage Punk. Peter had the joint rocking with two hours of classic cuts (Seeds, ? & The Mysterians, Trashmen, Rivieras, Elevators, Moving Sidewalks, Sonics, Remains) along with mega-obscurities (Jolly Green Giants, Alarm Clocks, Bad Seeds), all prime examples of America’s Greatest Art Form. Those in attendance got a breathtaking refresher course in Rock 101: Greenberg is the Professor of the Blazing Decks; he’s the North Shore Shaman- dropping 7-inch Sound Neutrons over Paseo Norte every 2 minutes, 5 seconds in an awesome display of turntable pandemonium.
About 2 months ago, I came to the school, and I saw Naima dressed head to toe in white. I was in total shock, because this is the color of mourning in Islam. Even though I knew exactly what had happened, I couldn’t think of any other way of approaching her than to ask her “Naima, why are you wearing white?”. She answered, “the man of the house died”. This is a way of referring to her husband. I stood there in total shock, and she told me about it. She said “he wasn’t sick, so it was a total surprise. He died a wonderful death, he didn’t suffer, his body was completely at peace.” Her face is glistening with tears and at the same time she is smiling and there is that joy and light in her face. ”And you know, he died during the best times”. (the first ten days of the Islamic pilgrimage month, considered to be the holiest days of the year). Then, as usual, she shares spiritual insight, “we’re all just renting space on this earth, and once the rental contract is up, we’ve got to leave.” But the words that stick with me the most are “a wonderful death”. I’m amazed that anyone would use that particular combination of words, and I love it. This woman endured the ultimate loss, the person that was closest to her, and she was completely accepting of it, and could see that it happened in best way possible. These are the fruits of a spiritual life.
Getting ready
Hey, how about some fresh popcorn and a Coke? You walk up to the concession stand and immediately notice a roach under the glass, walking upside down. You pass on the popcorn and opt for "Snow Caps" instead. You hand the woman a dollar and wait for your change, you think for a second about telling her you saw a roach.
So I’m working. It’s honestly just about my whole life right now. They don’t prepare you for the kind of job that teaching really is. Sure I’ve been trained in the resources and teaching styles and “instructional strategies” and whatnot, but administrative stuff? They managed to leave out a college course on that one. I’m at the school till 6:00 at night sometimes. Lesson planning is going to be the death of me, I’m convinced. And don’t get me started on…well…it’s best to leave that for another time.
The Magnolia DT is proud to present last challenge's TOP 5. It was a tough job and we would like to thank you all for joining us.
For a month keep a daily log of everything bit of money you spend. You might be surprised to see what your money is being spent on. When you become aware of your spending habits, you will be able to make the changes needed to take control of your finances.
“Did you see what happened to him? Whatever did that has something to do with that hole in the ground, the bones around it, and missing dogs, maybe that missing kid, and probably the old man in the cornfield. And I don’t want to sit around and wait until it happens to me.”
Or am I?
Do any readers have interesting experiences of electronic discovery issues which they'd like to share?
“And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said unto the centurion that stood by, is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is Roman and uncondemned?”
Investigators believe the posters were put up around the same time on March 23, and that the spots were strategically chosen to allegedly show Maoist presence in the city.
But both my mom and my garndmother have always been kniting and crocheting, so ofcourse they are the ones who inspire me in my daily life. My grandmother will be 90 next year and even though she is getting a bit forgetfull, she still knits. It's just small squares one can sew together as a blanket, but I'm sure her love of knitting and crocheting have kept her mind so clear for so long!
This is just another example of Islamophobia! People judging us and treating us unfairly and acting as though they know what is better for the Muslims, than the Muslims themselves!
Pubic hair does have a purpose, providing cushion against friction that can cause skin abrasion and injury, as well as protection from bacteria and other unwanted pathogens. It is time to declare a truce in the war on pubic hair and allow it to stay right where it belongs.
Other albums with really great first songs, or songs that set the tone really well: Funeral, by Arcade Fire (The Suburbs is probably a better album overall, but The Arcade Fire might never top that first song off their debut full-length). Purple Rain, by Prince (Let's Go Crazy), "Fever to Tell" and "It's Blitz" by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs. Weezer's "My Name is Jonas," is an amazing opening volley. "Until the Morning Comes" by Tindersticks. Yeah Yeah Yeah Song, by The Flaming Lips (At War With the Mystics is not their best, but probably their most fun album.)
$15 parking, a 50% increase from last year.
Pour one ladle of the batter. Wait till it becomes a little brown, and then turn it for the other side to cook. Enjoy ur crispy oats dosa hot.
Whether we like it or not, the ambitious linguist falls fair and square into the category of “Self improvement”. Even if our content doesn’t sit in a book-store’s “Self-help” section, there are enough behavioural similarities to be worth considering.
So after a very hectic weekend, including my little boys 2nd birthday party we finally managed last night to at least backup some of the files onto an external hard drive which we’ve now hooked up to Hubby’s computer, which is what I’m using to type this post. Only trouble is there is something wrong with the graphics card on this PC so it’s likely to crash and restart without warning. Having said that better stop waffling and get to the point of this post.
“Your English drawl is lame. But I’ll come closer anyway.” I got up from the bed and went to settle myself on the couch next to him. We were in at the Holiday Inn in Jo’burg.
Thuy's Review:
to be cont.
On Monday, I woke up and realized that I desperately needed to mail a few things. I got my packages ready, bundled up the kids, and drove to the post office. When I pulled into the empty parking lot, I was baffled. The post office is closed? On February 15th? What holiday is on February 15th? I didn't realize that is was Presidents Day until later that morning.
The art house feel will not appeal to all but truly is a film just short of true cinematic brilliance. It is a movie that should be given it’s due justice and given a chance by all fans of fine movie making and anyone who wants to witness what most likely will be one of the best actors for years to come. Look for this one to be a major player at the Independent Spirit Awards the night before the Oscars.
And what does it say when the truth, or an honest opinion, is offensive to certain segments of the public? In light of recent events, many people are hungry for honesty, and for opinions that comport with common sense, rather than the twaddle that comes from the 'respectable' segments of ''conservatism.'' You know; those people who think 'liberalism' destroyed Detroit, and that the Democrats are responsible for all discord between the races.
In this stance the foal looks somewhat out of proportion with far too much leg for a stable existence but in fact he was quite steady on his feet today.
Both E.O. NO. 192 and the Administrative Code of 1987 have set the objectives which will serve as the bases for policy formulation, and have defined the powers and functions of the DENR.
The result of these sustained, single-take musical performances by actual musicians — prime among them the recently deceased Dutch harpsichordist Gustav Leonhardt, who plays Bach — is the way in which our concentration becomes sharpened and focused on the smallest details of music-making: its labors, its gestures, its accidents.
Lancôme Rouge in Love ($25) is available at the Lancôme website and Lancôme counters. Vernis in Rouge ($15) is currently exclusive to Nordstrom and the Lancôme website; it will reach all Lancôme counters in May 2012.
Could You carry me through?
Images curated from www.red.com.
“Yeah, that’s them.”
Me: Sheesh you know there are two lanes here right?
5) Have family for dinner on Friday
Perhaps if the people who see us and wonder but then call the police would remember the boldness of youth and come over to us with their questions ... There they would find a cup of tea and plenty of answers and obligings, instead of the threat of the unknown fear that lurks like a highwayman on the dark roads of their minds.
When the story about Red Mill Natural Foods broke out this week, I didn’t think too many people brought attention to it. If you haven’t heard or read it, owner Bob Moore essentially gave all his shares and ownership to his employees right before his retirement. I have little faith in corporate and professional life, but this is one of the very few stories that really helps curb some of my skepticism. Praise is thrown around too easily these days, but this is really an amazing and magnanimous gesture.
AMANZIMTOTI: Beautiful story of horse rescuing its rider after armed attacker stabs her with knife, tries to rape her.
the times,
Knopf
Did you know that there is an annual "Free Comic Book Day?" Comic book stores all over the country open their doors with a selection to entice those who might not be avid comic book readers yet. I think it's usually in May. My husband goes every year and takes at least one of the kids with him. This year while they were there, they also went through the bargain bins and shopped around. Every year they pick up more and more.
The smell of pine baking in high-altitude sunlight. Shade that refreshes like a cold pillow amidst the intense daylight rays. Comfortable, dry summer evenings with a soothing breeze.
The third rule of Diet Club is – when someone cheats or overeats, the diet is not over.
This just shows how naïve or oblivious to the real state of affairs Mr. Palm is. I am well aware of the CDF statement about “the absence of error in the inspired sacred texts,” since I am the one who quoted it in my commentaries and even in Galileo Was Wrong. . . .
2 quarts chicken broth (Better than Bouillon or Rachael Ray stock)
~Leah
Maybe it's because of my own sheltered suburban upbringing that, over the years, I've developed a certain fascination with the kind of art that dares to shed light on the darker sides of human nature—the sides in all of us that we may suppress in the interest of good taste and decorum, but which often simmer underneath the surface. Film noir, at its most potent, is all about drawing out those buried tensions and exploring them to the limits, and sometimes even exploding them altogether.
I could see Rebecah smiling in agreement and suddenly realized Diane was giving something to me.
--The Maids Home Services
to a movie Friday night, but turned out to be nothing
“Pupils as young as four are acting out “graphic scenes” from games in class and in the playground… there are fears youngsters cannot separate fantasy worlds from reality.”
Beavers
You’re asking the wrong person. It’s all a blur. Here I am in the confines of my flat and no-one is saying anything nice about me because I’m not dead yet. Poor Greg Giraldo died. It makes you want to fake your own death to get to hear a nice word.
* Semi-furnished
Riley and Star.
And like a shadow, I couldn’t cast it off if I tried
Creepy things started filling his life,
Jupiter is the largest by size and mass of the solar planets and is the fifth furthest from the sun. It is a big ball of gas composed mostly of hydrogen (about 90%) and helium (about 10%) and minute traces of other chemical compounds such as methane, ammonia and even water. Jupiter is so big that if it were a hollow sphere or a big empty fish bowl and if we could melt or liquefy planet Earth then we would have to pour the equivalent of 1320 Earth in it in order to fill it up! In terms of mass, it is almost 320 times more massive than our planet. What I’m trying to say here is that, for all intents and purposes, Jupiter is a huge sphere out there orbiting the Sun. We, I mean planet Earth, are not even in the same league when it comes to comparing size and mass with Jupiter.
The woman who gave the Modisettes the horse admits it was a bad mistake but she insists the couple loves the horse. She questioned why people didn’t stop to help Modisette instead of snapping pictures.
The first experiment involved a particular quirk of the body that prevents a person from lifting his/her leg when standing in a certain position:
independent origin (ROIO), people are being denied access to the music. I've made no decision on whether the old volumes should be re-upped.
for love ones to come
Communication is expressed not as words but as sympathy and antipathy
Stone Double Bastard Ale (2009) 10%
"You can sleep in the bed when you learn to do laundry."
And this is what I recall Munson saying: "He says he's going to call it a night, but I think Loran going to a local cemetery to find a dead man named John Daniels."
1. Pray
This whole article would have been much easier, had it not been for a number inconsistencies and outright disagreements among the Christian religion especially. The Abomination of Desolation is significant for them because it marks the halfway point of the reign of the Jewish “Anti-Christ” – known as The Tribulation – and they all agree this entity will rule from Jerusalem. What the Christians can’t agree on, however, is the Tribulation itself. Some sects believe that an incredible Rapture will take place, others do not, while still others don’t agree with the timing of this Rapture. “Pre-Trib” adherents believe they will be raptured before all the nastiness begins, “Mid-Trib” believers assume that their rapture will take place partway through, while still others are “Post-Trib”, refusing to believe anybody who does not say that Christ will return only after this period of history is complete when the beast has been overthrown.
We don't know the circumstances of the remodeling of the building. Perhaps it was rebuilt after a fire around the turn of the 20th century. Perhaps it all had something to do with the reason the house became haunted in the first place. We don't know.
Resistance Temperature Detector – RTD
The people in the downstairs headquarters CRACKED UP everytime I turned in a kill at all my costume changes. The goth, the school teacher, the school girl, the normal outfit, the librarian, the party girl, the emo.. just all the different looks I came up with. PLUS I even had different friends I walked around with. My friend A. came and hung out with me as did my friends L. and T. So I wasn't with my hubby the whole time.
I will never forget the moment when I had an idea that would change my life. I was taking a shower in my lonely dorm, and it just popped into my head. I don't have to do this! I don't have to come back here! I wanted to finish the summer program, because it was important to me that I didn't disappoint the people who were counting on me. But I did not have to go back to school in September. I needed a break. I was so tired. I didn't know if the honors math program was right for me. I missed my family. I didn't have to finish college in four years!
And kept on trying
Here is my heartrate graph on Chrissy.....it is intense...that last set of 45 swings got my heart rocking and rolling....then I rested a bit....and KenpoX is the later part (with warm up and cool down at beginning and end):
We got some ice-cream, had a chat on the grass, drank some Queen’s Day themed beer, ate some noodles, listened to an awesome guitarist play in Rembrandt Square and walked across Amsterdam trying to find the Vrijmarkt and getting lost in the process. We found the children’s vrijmarkt and a local showed us how to get there on the map. Though his response to our question was the “free market is everywhere”, so by that I would guess the section on the map would not be as impressive as in Utrecht. I said we should go to another park as the local said it was nice there as there was a lot of children their playing violins and stuff.
“I’ve swapped my Jimmy Choos for Timberland boots, and I’ll never go back.”
in my eighteenth year: three times the Ruler of the universe
When you are ready to cook the fish. Put the fennel into a baking tray and lay the whiting on top, drizzle with olive oil and a dash of Ricard and put into an oven at 180℃ for approx 30 minutes, depending on the size of the fish.
I’m feeling a little nostalgic today . . .
The passing of Bruce Wilson is a lost for the Victoria Architecture and Design Community. I believe that his work really represented him and I encourage you to explore this interview I made with Bruce 2 years ago.
With an important Town Meeting coming up on May 9, please consider responding to the suggestions below from Orleans Pond Coalition President Carolyn Kennedy. With any interest, please contact Fran McClennen, Carolyn or Judith, or reply to me directly. Thanks! Steve
Sorry to keep this short, but I can't keep my peepers open!
David Castle I create unexpectedly vivid watermedia abstract paintings. I’ve developed my own painting techniques and make full use of paper, water, color, air, surface tension, gravity and stones to create each of my paintings.
Arya and Gendry are hedging their bets in the fortress of Harrenhal; a settlement, which has seen the devastating power of dragon’s fire and in which they are prisoners. Tywin Lannister turns up just in time to save Gendry from torture and immediately sees through Arya’s disguise and takes her in to be his cupbearer. This is bound to be a dangerous situation of Arya seeing as the Lannisters are out looking for her and have no idea that Gendry is still alive. There is also mention of a mysterious brotherhood, about which no one knows anything. This is bound to be another twist in the battle for the Iron Throne.
outright "race war" -- a foolish notion, considering that American
“This is something that, you know, we’ve talked about over the years and she, you know, she feels the same way, she feels the same way that I do. And that is that, in the end the values that I care most deeply about and she cares most deeply about is how we treat other people and, you know, I, you know, we are both practicing Christians and obviously this position may be considered to put us at odds with the views of others but, you know, when we think about our faith, the thing at root that we think about is, not only Christ sacrificing himself on our behalf, but it’s also the Golden Rule, you know, treat others the way you would want to be treated. And I think that’s what we try to impart to our kids and that’s what motivates me as president and I figure the most consistent I can be in being true to those precepts, the better I’ll be as a as a dad and a husband and, hopefully, the better I’ll be as president.”
The ambulance pulled over and there we were, at the Wuse General Hospital. I had passed in front of this hospital countless times and I never gave it much thought. And I saw my Mum, she was weeping endlessly and my Dad stood by her, he’d obviously been crying too and (I’d never seen him cry), trying to comfort her. I couldn’t take it anymore and I started to cry, I turned to the sky and begged God to bring me back for the sake of my parents. Kate stood beside me and watched it all in stoic silence until she saw her Mom weeping and lamenting while some relatives tried to pacify her. At that point, I realized my life was over.
My lovely-and-wicked-smart (and they are) sisters-in-law put their heads together and came up with a fantastic way to celebrate the holiday. Bored with the usual, they hatched a plan to get us all away from home - a way to have us all relaaaaaaaax this year.
Though Jefferson's words have been used to justify military intervention in the name of spreading democracy, nothing would have horrified him more. The brutal, centralized apparatus of an imperial power exemplified by the Great Britain of his day was exactly what Jefferson sought to avoid. And, Jefferson would shudder to gaze upon the centralized power of the current federal government and its vast military apparatus which now sprawls the Earth with hundreds of foreign bases.
Now I know this is a little corny but have you ever found yourself in a situation where you go back and forth about if something is right to do? There is a great difference between black and white and sadly most of us can’t seem to keep the two sides separate. We tend to pick piece of white and black logic and mix them together to create a decision that is “right” for us. This is the grey area.
CALL 1-800-BUY-LATER
Wait, that’s not what I said.
You do not have to beat people over the head with God’s Word. All you have to do is be willing, ready and not ashamed to let the world know you are a believer.
Police confirmed there were no signs of the couple having been robbed and that the motive was unknown.
My mother was also a good listener. She would spend time listening to me recite passages of Scripture that I had to memorize for a Bible quiz team that I was on in high school, insisting that I get it word-for-word, by saying, “Now sunshine, (her nickname for me), that wasn’t quite accurate. Let’s try again.”
2.) I never intended to start a blog. I started writing my thoughts when we were going through our infertility. They were posted in a way that was accessible only to me. Then I discovered that what I was feeling and going through was normal and shared with a few people and now here I am almost 5 years later. I love blogging. The very easiest way to record memories.
Appearance is a central component in the establishment and maintenance of self and identity. An alternative gender may be achieved only through interaction, in which the recognition of others has the potential to legitimate and reinforce the emergent alternative identity. Therefore, in order to “be” themselves, whether on a temporary or permanent basis, transgender individuals have a compelling need to present alternative expressions of gender.
The next day, we picked up my car, took it to the repair shop, and were told that it just needed a new battery. As annoying as that is (because we didn't actually have to get it towed), we were happy because a new battery costs a fuck of a lot less than a new alternator (whatever the hell that is). It seemed like things were finally going right for us!
And the squares I sent to her (though just a hair late because of the craziness of the holidays)
Johnson - 'There never was a Mandela miracle – the "real miracle", he says, was how FW de Klerk "led the white minority to surrender its power peacefully". Mandela, for Johnson, was little more than a charismatic pawn for the sinister Marxist-communists who had hi-jacked the ANC in exile and who were really only interested in getting their snouts in the
The radiologist who does all of Austin’s ultrasounds is unexpectedly out of the hospital until Monday. Usually, some other doctor could take over that function but Austin’s kidney is so misshapen and, well, abnormal that we really need the one guy who’s familiar with it to do this all-important scan. Otherwise, we’d end up with a messy reading and wishy-washy results and then they’d probably want to do it again in a few weeks.
Tempted as you may be to skip the fat back; please don’t. Fat back is the secret of all great tasting charcuterie, be it French or Vietnamese, as it adds immeasurably to the taste, moistness and tenderness of the end result.
30) San Francisco 49ers: G Kevin Zeitler
They have ranked first with “Bonamana” from their 4th album for 63 weeks in a row in 2010. As a result, they have ranked first for a total of 100 weeks in a row.
I loved this: Let's eat Grandpa.
adhesive of your choice. I use my ATG Gun
Classy, very classy. Aren’t liberals supposed to be sweet, tolerant, and open-minded?
But he isn’t at the center of this blatant bias and favoritism down there this time, at least not openly. If he plays a major role in the background is unknown. No, this one goes an apparent under study of his in striving to be the most biased of all writers downtown, Stephanie Rice in regards to her willingness to throw all journalistic objectivity out the window in the single largest display of liberal bias since I slapped her down over the “Hyena’s of Inkville” inconsistent coverage of the abrupt quitting on constituents’ mid-session of Democrat Jim Jacks compared to the resignation of Republican Richard Curtis a couple years earlier.
ELDERFLOWER CHAMPAGNE COCKTAIL
Placing in stocks
01. Ballroom Blitz (Nicky Chinn, Mike Chapman) - 4:00
ZOOOM!
So after Jaisalmer we headed to Jodhpur where we saw an amazing fort that overlooks the entire city. It was a long bus ride to get there and we only had the day as we were leaving in the morning to go to Udaipur. We made the most of our time by getting up to see the fort which took a long time but was definetly worth it. We headed back around dinner time, ate, and really just headed to bed. Early in the morning we were on the road again. We didn't arrive in Udaipur until 5pm so we literally had a full day of driving. After spending so much time in the bus we headed straight out to see some of the city. We saw a major celebration that was at the centre of the city to celebrate the coming of Holi, a big event in India. We ate at a restaurant that overlooked the festival and headed back. The next day was Holi and Holi is a day where everyone celebrates and throws coloured powder at eachother. It is meant to be fun but unfotunately at times people can get overzealous and be aggressive with the event, especially when it comes to foreigners. Because of this our professors had us stay in the hotel until 3pm. It was really too bad as it is a large event that would have been amazing to see. Many people headed straight out at 3pm to see if they could catch the end of the celebration but unfortunately I was not feeling well and ended up having to stay in the hotel. The next day was our last day in Udaipur before we headed home. I was able to make up for the time lost the day before and saw a lot of the city. We took a gondala ride and boat ride to see more of the city. After we headed down to the major part of the city and ate at a bakery. We also were able to see the city palace where the royal family of Udaipur still live.
As the old childhood song goes, “Jesus loves me, this I know, for the Bible tells me so…” And He proves it over and over again. Even reminding us as we hear the birds sing in the darkness before the sun rises. In this life there will be times when we may not see or feel the sun (Son) in our situations, but be encouraged, just as sure as the light of dawn is there, so is He…so sing on!
This was super easy to make. This is the "make ahead" version.
Hola Amigas!! Feliz Cinco de Mayo!! Okay, I have exhausted my knowledge of Spanish, lol! Actually I think a lot of you might think I am Hawaiian, but in reality I am Mexican.
The public may see Mr. Irrelevant Week as a lot of overblown silliness. Yet, Salata has used donations for the event to quietly give over a million dollars to those who are “irrelevant”: Goodwill, Marines at Camp Pendleton, and disabled athletes needing artificial limbs.
Today is my 500th day of being Vegan. In less than 2 weeks, it will be my 2 year anniversary of going veg. Since I am obsessively introspective, it is only fitting that I use these milestones as opportunities to reflect upon what I have learned and experienced since making such life-altering decisions. But there has been so much, where would I begin? The beginning seemed as good a place as any so I re-read my own postings about my Vegan journey since starting my blog, The “V” Word, last year. It’s interesting to see how much has changed and how much has not.
Another week but not just another week of elections. Multiple recall elections are piling up so high in our office that we jumped into the All Politics Is Local office escape pod but the recall elections bloacked the doors from closing and we had to dig our way out. Not really, but it is pretty wild the number of recalls that are going on. It is only fair to mention that not all the elections are recalls.
So things will be a bit quiet around here while we relocate, see you all on the other end of this move!! :)
Betsy and I keep an eye out for new waterfalls when we travel. We usually take one or more of our waterfall books and even notes we have made as a result of internet searches for waterfalls. I guess you could say we like to be prepared.
Me and Clyde watch the scenery go by.
Anyway, Nicole decided to troll the murky, stagnant pond of internet dating sites to jumpstart her social life. After her personal ad had been posted for only a couple days, she got a really nice email from Andrew.
(1) It’s free contraception.
As a child, I remember devouring the Little House series. I was a reluctant reader, but when my grandmother introduced me to Laura Ingalls Wilder, I was hooked on books. Her stories were written about everyday pioneer life and are a timeless collection, still recommended by elementary educators today.
This was a fun crime to solve, and those who have read the book might agree with me on the opinion about the unusual way the mystery unravelled itself. Besides enjoying the central plot, I had a good time chuckling at the portrayal of gender roles shifting at the time the story was written. As some of you might know, roaring twenties became famous for birth of jazz age and popularization of an image of a free woman that was not suppressed by no man. These young girls shed corsets, embraced cigarettes and learned to speak their minds. They, of course, were called flappers. In the beginning of the book Hastings runs into such a girl and unbeknownst to himself is immediately smitten by her. At first, he is shocked by the girl’s unconventional behaviour, yet somehow manages to be charmed. He writes:
The Distinguished Service Cross is presented to Emil Buckendahl, Private, U.S. Army, for extraordinary heroism in action near Gesnes, France, October 5, 1918. Private Buckendahl, a litter bearer, on his own initiative, went out from a position of shelter to an exposed flank, under intense machine-gun fire, and carried back to safety a wounded soldier, who had been left in the field.
First to announce our winner from last week...
2. Meanwhile, combine turkey, shallot, scallions, Tabasco, Worcestershire, remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl; mix very lightly to combine.
(7) Proverbs 3:26
While the art is something to be dazzled by, the story itself is definitely not going to be outdone by it. Ragnarok is, unsurprisingly, based off of Norse mythology. Based off of the manhwa’s name, I figured that out easily, so I was expecting it, but I wasn’t expecting the sheer amount of Norse mythology references buried within it. I was expecting someone with the name Odin and maybe a mention or two of Loki, but Ragnarok really went all out. Not only did it have Odin and Loki, it also had Valkyries, Freya, Jotunheim, Midgard, Asgard, Fenrir, and Yggdrasil to name a few and most of them were pretty true to the originals in Norse mythology, so they didn’t just get the name Fenrir and thus were cool. This little tidbit may not mean much to most people, but to someone like me who loves mythology, it was enough to make me love this manhwa even more!
I could tell you all those things and more, but never would you be able to truly understand how much this battle has cost those who had least to give. We have lobbied, debated and pleaded, often ignoring issues which would affect us personally as we decided on principle that we would act for the the best interests of all our community, even if that was to the detriment of our own personal lives, financial situations and our long term health.
instead of a training bra and mascara
After a while my grandad was taken to hospital to die and my dad was left with no mum and dad and no sister. He withdrew into himself and would spend more and more time by himself over the next few years, making things in the garage and growing things in the allotment. Brewing his own beer, drinking his home-brewed beer. Christmas was the time we noticed him getting drunk but in reality he was getting drunk all the time. He was becoming a secret alcoholic.
I never doubted Jennifer Ashley as a writer, but this book is so important to the series. It’s easy in previous books to get frustrated with how high-handed Hart is, even while you know he loves his brothers. Through Eleanor – the one person who remembers the much more carefree, younger Hart – the reader sees the loving man who has pushed aside his own personality so he can channel his energy into political ambition and show his dead father that no amount of abuse could keep him from being a success.
Level 19: MP Cost: 35, Damage: 266%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 3 times, 19% chance to stun the enemy for 4 seconds.
Another being, a different & smaller being who was probably female, came after me, but a woman with a dagger attacked it; but more beings were coming, so I grabbed the woman & I ran into a cabin carrying her.
“You may think you’re still happy,”
Of course, it may have been that there was and is opposition to Gaddafi in Tripoli. But, at the time, I pointed out that the intervention of Imperialism was likely to have the opposite effect, in that regard, to that, which those, such as the AWL, anticipated. In relation to the arguments put forward by the AWL and others, which are a repetition of the arguments put forward by the Stalinists in the 1930's, calling for Imperialist intervention against Hitler, Trotsky wrote,
Other resolutions? Generally, I could be much more well-rounded than I am. Read more, write more, watch more films and television shows, sure. (Classics by Michaelangelo Antonioni, for instance, remain as yet unseen by me...yes, that includes L'Avventura. I know, I know...) But also, I need to start going to more art exhibits and Broadway shows (or, at least, as much as I can fit within a budget).
Angela was an Interior Design major at Mississippi College and boy does this girl have style!!!
I am reading, Half the Sky, and I cannot help but be affected and moved and praying about our role. These are God‘s beloved and these precious women and children are my sisters and brothers. It is so hard to engage and yet the stories of hardship are then followed by stories of hope. How can that not be encouraging?
In the 2009 case, Harris County vs. Afsaneh Saghian, the court ruled “the Medical Examiner of Harris County is a judicial officer and that it is manifestly improper for a district court to enjoin him from performing duties which he deems — in a valid exercise of his discretion — to be necessary and required of him by statute.”
I happened to believe that that man had a lot of courage to write what he did.
local hospital. As I was walking to my car I was approached by two federal agents. They said that I had a choice to make: I could do things the easy way, or I could do them the hard way. The “easy ” way, as they explained, was that I would become an informant for the government, and if I did so I would never see the inside of a courtroom or a prison cell. As for the hard way, this is it. Here I
Importantly, this is an aim and not an absolute guarantee of publication of an authors work in this time frame. It also commences from the time the author approves their PDF proof. The package does not provide for proofreading or editing. These services are available for an addition charge. Proofreading is available at £4 per 1000 words and editing at £6 per 1000 words.
I have come to Mount Zion and to the city of The Living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, with its thousands of angels. I have come to the joyful gathering of God’s firstborn, whose names are written in heaven. I have come to God, who is the judge of all people, and to the spirits of God’s people made perfect. I have come to Jesus Christ, who arranged the new covenant, and to the sprinkled blood that promises much better things than does the blood of Abel! Amen!
Oh my God I am on my soap box again!!
These bags may be the most practical case I’ve got!
General equipment probably should be the Holy Power set from Sanctum if you want good heals, but you could also probably mix and match to get a well rounded cleric. Maybe a Red Dusk Hat to add to your damage with Holy powered armor for some extra heals and defense, and Meteorite Armband for speed (and quick self buffer)! Weapon should most definitely be your Malevolent Crucifix; guaranteed revival of allies is just too good to pass up, and decent stats too. Seeds can go whatever you want out of your cleric. Ideally, though, int and heal seeds would likely be best.
Sightless to circumstance
I’m a big fan of the happily ever after movement. You know, where the handsome prince comes in and saves the princess and carries her back to his castle. Sigh.
Happy Hip Hop Thursday Peeps!
Other Methods Tried.
But for now, off to bed for some beauty sleep. Rest is just as important as increased activity!
So the Hulk breaks out of the compound and goes on a rampage all around the desert and even through the Grand Canyon. And okay, even I have to admit, this is the only good part of the movie, with some excellent scenery and even some decent action for once. Seeing the Hulk jump around the Grand Canyon is pretty awesome.
I was not quite 3 years old yet when my mother's life was taken. I remember thinking my mother died in a car accident because my step grandmother would tell me that what happened to her was an accident. I asked many times about how my mother died and I never got lots of information about it as a child. I later on was very scared to learn how to drive and I'm guessing that might be due to the old belief that my mom died in a car accident. I got my drivers' liscence at 27.
We laugh at the ventriloquist’s dummy, but what do you do when the dummy is President of the United States of America?
Hearing this song, however, takes me back to more or less my last day there. I've always found it rather sad for some reason - and I was certainly sad to be leaving the school. The Ghost In You is one of many songs I find strangely moving that leave others cold, like Sister Christian by Night Ranger or Spirit Of Radio by Rush. Must be to with the key their in.
(pictured above: some gamer dudes trying to look cool and casual in the presence of a purty grrl)
you chase me further in
That the site seems aimed almost exclusively at teenage boys didn’t surprise. Hell, I go to any site expecting that. ‘Cuz, you know, young white guys are the default people and anyone else is some weird other. But that it was so glaringly unfunny was kind of a shock.
Anne Rice – The Master Of Rampling Gate
you never even question these things,
I am sure we will have some fun Easter weekend stories to share- we're supposed to go to the gun range on Saturday. Yep, the gun range. Not sure if I'm excited about that, but I am trying to tap into my inner Angel- which means a cute outfit and feathered hair for the occasion :) Hmmm, anyway it should be a real hoot!
Now, if I can just get little Chilli bean out of our closet and moved into Jenkie's crib, we'll be golden.
This Sunday's topic will be, A Heel and Toe Alternative, featuring a short row toe and heel. This would be a great practice of the wrap and turn method. This is not a sock class, as we will only be focusing on the technique of a short row toe and heel.
Elizabeth Meryment (Editor - Restaurants)
But the Cubes' most memorable songs are Blanche's slow, soulful, mournful country weepers. Many, perhaps most of the songs they played Saturday were from their upcoming album Old World's Ocean. I'm not sure of the titles but among my favorites is a minor-key dirge that starts out, "You and I, we're like cattle in the slaughter house." Nothing short of stunning.
For some unknown reason the makers decided to rip out almost everything that made Guerrilla a unique game and put out a title that, unfortunately, disappoints when compared to the previous game. I just can’t understand it.
4. Add the lemon and lemon zest.
So your guitar skills were developed through being a “party animal”…
The tale of the Ocean tradition takes in desperate attempts to make fuel for Zero fighter planes in alcohol stills, some long forgotten malt and grain whisky distilleries, some nice whisky, and some spectacularly foul stuff (and that is a judgment from one of the people who made it). It is going to take several posts to get through all that.
Publishing takes two group days to complete because it is the writing component. On publishing day one, students must create a book jacket for each text represented, two revised journal entries, and cycle questions (each group member poses a deep question, and each group member must respond thoughtfully to each question in six sentences or more). On publishing day two, students complete a special writing assignment (article, editorial, group open response, etc.). They use a rubric to do this. It is the same rubric I use to score the blog, which they work on during production day.
Beyond this, I believe that some among us mortals who serve gods or higher entities, are marked. I believe that some of us belong to the gods in a very real and eternal way. I believe that we are so marked by our gods, you and I.
Now I'm off to Paris to do an interview with someone I've been dreaming about meeting who almost never gives interviews and I am really, really excited.
7. What's your drink of choice at Starbucks? Vanilla latte w/ NFM (hot or iced), but if I'm feeling frisky ill get a caramel macchiato (ice)
If you're the type of person who doesn't like to click another link, I'll explain how this technique is accomplished, although please remember JJ created this technique, not me.
Tell them the truth.
Fuck it. Juice him up, Warden.
But I find -- Ever idle hours breed wandering thoughts (Lucan) -- that, on the contrary, like a runaway horse, it gives itself a hundred times more trouble than it took for others, and gives birth to so many chimeras and fantastic monsters, one after another, without order or purpose, that in order to contemplate their ineptitude and strangeness at my pleasure, I have begun to put them in writing, hoping in time to make my mind ashamed of itself."
I’d like to wish Nathaniel the best of luck with his future endeavours and hope that he finds a club where he can settle and get his career back on track.
Ty
There are a few people sitting around the lobby littered in plush comfy chairs and free bottled water on tables beneath a dome of mirrored windows looking out into a continuous world despite the pamphlets on financial self-dependency, job placement, etiquettes in resume presentation, personal appearance, and job interview discourse screaming in the faces of those of a less fortunate meek who haven’t quite inherited the “dream” of a caseworkers mechanical call of a name. All around I hear conversations of an aimless, mindless chatter; no interest on my part. Or maybe because I chose not to engage my ears? I’m sure the conversations consisted on the lack of work, money, and food; something I’m actually tired of hearing because it’s literally the same-o, same-o between Julian and me. Just this morning as we were having our morning coffee Julian started complaining on why I had bought a 2 lb. bag of sugar instead of the usual 5 lb.?. . .My answer:
Canadians have a tradition of “process”. Governments lay out budgets indicating where they see funding priorities going. Bills in our House of Parliament require three “readings” in order to become law. We even have a Senate which is ostensibly a “court of sober second opinion”. The point is–we try not to react hastily and without due conversation.
MY CREATION:
Oddly, I once had this discussion with a professional runner who shall remain anonymous. (As will the circumstances in which I met her as it involved her being friends with someone I did a “cool down” with that really turned into a tempo run for me ;p) Long story short, she mentioned trying one and giving feedback to the particular company that made it because she didn’t find the fit worked for her at all and while they were “cute,” they didn’t seem to be made with “a lot of runners in mind.” While she was mostly referring to the fact that the cut didn’t seem realistic, the choice of words was interesting to me. It seemed like she was getting at the fact that clothing manufacturers don’t necessarily design these things with utility in mind. And she mentioned this wasn’t limited to these skirts, but was the case with a lot of running clothes she’d sampled.
My gaze drifted out the window again and again, but the orange simulated sun stayed pinned to the center of the sky. Its fake warmth faded as the shadows grew longer, making goosebumps pop up on my arms. My holographic classmates seemed unaffected, continuing their chatter.
With the Windows 7 vs Windows 8 comparisons, Microsoft recently said that the touch screen in Windows 8 is going to be an enhanced feature of that found in Windows 7. The way the touch screens will respond, especially when it comes to the edges of the screen is the major touch performance improvement brought in Windows 8. Windows 8 makers are looking forward to implement these improved touch screens on laptops and tablets that will run the coming Windows 8 operating system.
On Tuesday, amid news of growth, it was disclosed that investors have pledged RM9bil in projects in the first two months of the year in the ECER the East Coast Economic Region comprising Johor, Pahang, Terengganu and Kelantan.
rather than pushing it to yourself yet you are not really happy,
“And policemen are figures of authority,” said Pierre. “Like the Queen, who is a monarch – which is different to a monocle, which is different to a barnacle, which is different to a barn – very different.”
At least this has meant I haven't had to deal with tradies much while at home feeling rotten and I have been distracting myself with trying to figure out what style to go with in the new living space. These pictures will give you an idea of what I like, now just have to work out what elements to take from them.
Unforgivenss…….. Bitterness……Anger…. Selfishness…..Hate….
201 ***6. “The United States Constitution of 1787: A Commentary.” Loyola University of Chicago Law Journal, vol. 18, pp. 15-249 (Fall 1986). (Incorporated in Item B-4, above, pp. 1-234, 305-330 (1989), where sources are indicated.)
“There are no coincidences.” How many times have we heard that expression on TV crime shows? By the end of the shows I always agreed—there are no coincidences—but after what happened last week, I’m no longer so sure.
Mr Meir is doing a big mistake. He seems to be forgetting that he is in Malta not the USA. Quite a difference isn’t it? Among other differences between Malta and the US is that fortunately our media is not controlled by ultra-rich Zionist lobby groups. Mr Meir is overseeing this difference. He also seems to be overseeing the fact that we the Maltese people have a brain, and most of us even use it.
Also note that this does not mean that new ideas aren't encouraged or allowed to surface. It simply means that change for the sake of change is misguided.
That is the purpose of the post!
In 1978, at the age of 23, he was convicted of causing grievous bodily harm and sentenced to two years' imprisonment.
My question: Why isn't Brooklyn's hands glued to the table? At least that would be something fun to blog about! LOL
Like I said; that was why the Civil Rights division of the Justice Department had this guy so dead to rights. Until the Obama administration – due to political partisanship, leftist ideology, and racism of its own – dismissed the case.
We all know that beer people are good people, but this is a rare example. There is no pushing and no shoving. People hold the door for the ladies, and are well mannered. It is all a great showing of self-control, because there are 2,200 examples of the nation’s best beer on the other side of that door!
Lynn Kelley is a mermaid measuring 1 inch in height. Her official job is to map out underwater springs, though her parents were furious when she accepted it because it was so dangerous. If they only knew her other job was to categorize all the sharks that dwell on the bottom of all the oceans. When asked if she likes sharks she just shrugged and said they smell like mothballs.
2011 ended and you heard nothing from me. I finally intended to get my act together last night - it was the 11th, I was on the 11th floor and I wanted to blog about 2011... so I waited a day!
Escaping distraction can be seeking relief from information overload. Modern urban living often provides constant demands on attention from cell phones, email, traffic, everyone needing something, now! These constant demands on attention, fatigue directed attention capacities. One of the best ways to heal the ability to focus attention is to spend time in nature, which has few demands to focus on.
Pansies, lavender, roses, Sweet Williams, violets and many more edible flowers make outstanding sorbets. There are over 45 recipes and lots of tips and instructions for great sorbets in my book. Springtime, it's time for sorbet, healthier than ice cream, quicker than a trip to the store. Happy spring!
covering the road,
She opened the window, and began speaking...
So, since, in some ways, I have been deprived,
by Christian Ortner
“Jesus answered them, “The hour has come for the Son of Man to be glorified. Very truly, I tell you, unless a grain of wheat falls into the earth and dies, it remains just a single grain; but if it dies, it bears much fruit. Those who love their life lose it, and those who hate their life in this world will keep it for eternal life. Whoever serves me must follow me, and where I am, there will my servant be also. Whoever serves me, the Father will honor. “ (John 12:23-26)
Most of never think about why we do things. It’s actually the central issue raised in my last book, Milligan and Murphy, the core of the book being how the protagonists coming to terms with the fact that there are no reasons for unreasonable things.
Roll the phyllo sheets and fold the edges.Set the pie by twisting the big stuffed phyllo piece starting from the center of the pan.
Oh, you might be asking yourself how I graded my exam. Simple. When I was sitting in the car, I opened the window to see what language they were speaking and those walking down the street I very carefully listened as they drew near to me.
Once you make that right turn shown above in the distance, the trail runs between the West Branch of the DuPage River and some ponds on private property. There is quite a bit of signage indicating the ponds are private, but no fencing. Honestly, I think the trail will flood quite often here. If either the river or the ponds get full, they will spill onto the trail. The trail was barely above the water level in the pond.
“As the Stooges have proved over time, laughter is a universal medicine. The nuns that Mr. Donohue alludes to, are in fact, caring, heroic characters in the movie, albeit within the framework of a very broad comedy,” the spokesperson continued. “And as far as the nun attire, I think we did the audinece a favor by letting Kate Upton wear the nun-kini rather than Larry David — it could have gone either way. We invite you to see the movie and decide for yourselves.”
What’s happening here is that Islam is seeking special protections not afforded to other faiths. We should not let ourselves be bullied by this stance, or by this resolution. Resolution 16/18 is an offense to the American tradition of free speech, and it’s odious that both Obama and Hillary Clinton are supporting it.
I gave the office a goal of returning $33 million this year and my staff jumped at the chance to beat that expectation. This year, more than 26,000 Wisconsinites got a check from our office…money they didn’t know they had, money many of them needed in this tight economy.
Turmeric powder- half sp
Woodchuck Ciders
So we've got nothing to lose
White boneless chicken, water, food starch-modified, salt, seasoning (autolyzed yeast extract, salt, wheat starch, natural flavoring (botanical source), safflower oil, dextrose, citric acid, rosemary), sodium phosphates, seasoning (canola oil, mono- and diglycerides, extractives of rosemary). Battered and breaded with: water, enriched flour (bleached wheat flour, niacin, reduced iron, thiamin mononitrate, riboflavin, folic acid), yellow corn flour, food starch-modified, salt, leavening (baking soda, sodium acid pyrophosphate, sodium aluminum phosphate, monocalcium phosphate, calcium lactate), spices, wheat starch, whey, corn starch. Prepared in vegetable oil (Canola oil, corn oil, soybean oil, hydrogenated soybean oil with TBHQ and citric acid added to preserve freshness). Dimethylpolysiloxane added as an antifoaming agent.
Before anyone else asks, yes, there is such a thing as Dragonfruit, and yes it is delicious. They are nearly impossible to find unless you're willing to dish out some cash. I think a 3lb batch of dragonfruit will run you somewhere in the neighborhood of about $40.
I have to start with a confession: I'm an introvert--and in my experience, lots of writers are. (Who else would voluntarily spend so many hours with only the voices in their heads?) That means that sometimes attending things like writing conferences with people you've never met before can be daunting.
A common misconception was that I came from a rich family.
E@L is at home now, but unwell - chest infection from a generally hale and hearty ski-fellow who came down with it on Wednesday last and passed it on, the generous bastard, and today yet another burst of something unmentionable -- sorry must rush to the toilet for another squitter...
Interestingly, the character study I speak of isn't so much Arki, but Captain Braylor Killcoin, the secretive leader of the company, and his merry band of slaves turned soldiers turned guerrillas turned brooding veterans. The narrator becomes the cipher through which the reader perceives reality and thereby the other characters. No one gets a pass. By that I mean the typical fantasy protagonist would justify the commission of violence in a cause and laude the skill. It's seen time and again in the genre. Arki reflects those values much differently. He pities the soldiers for the ease with which they kill while fearing and envying them for the same. In a world hard boiled, Arki is anything but and his perceptions, and therefore the reader's, reflect that skepticism. Not to say that he's uninteresting, but readers will attach themselves to Scourge, and look forward to its sequel, not for more Arki, but for more interpretation of the events he witnesses.
8. Circle Of Stone
We have million-dollar basketball players who can't write two paragraphs.
Unless, hypothetically of course, I go out to chat with the griller and Hercules and the neighbor and forget it on the stove - - - then it is charry and black.
Another two months go by and she's become more unpleasant . She refuses to stop cutting, it hurts me to see those scars on her arms, and there's nothing I can do about it. She yells at me and complains if I do the slightest thing wrong.
5. Breathe
I hope everyone has a wonderful Easter Day! Ours will be quiet, as both my kids are grown and live hundreds of miles away. I wish I could go be with them!
Finally, there was Corduroy Mansions by Alexander McCall Smith - if you have read the 44 Scotland Street books by him and liked them, you will also like this; like Scotland Street, it also began life as a newspaper serial. It is based in Pimlico, London. One of the characters is a wonderfully odious MP called Oedipus Snark, whom even his own mother cannot bear.
This system incorporates the best of everything in order to offer you the best movie experience you can have. One thing that this unit has that many other home theater systems doesn’t have is a built in Blu-ray player, which enables you to watch all sorts of DVD’s including 3D discs. So unlike some other home theater systems that only present you with a sound system and you still have to obtain a Blu-ray player to hook up to it, this piece of equipment has a Blu-ray player built in.
FYI, Judy lives on the North shore of Lake Pontchartrain, North of I-12. Paul's house is pretty close to Judy's. She just sent this email:
Anyway, we will be getting the work we want doing within the next 2 months – although watch this space….
That also means its swim suit season…UGH! Time to get our tans on!! I am in desperate need of one of those!! Or, is purple a tan? Nah, I don’t think so…not an attractive tan any way!!
Provides policy oversight for the mission to recover captured, missing, or isolated personnel, usually military.
This decision made by the Supreme Court was the action that President Obama openly criticized in his January 20, 2010, State of the Union address. In January of 2010.
3. Just recently.. Angelina's leg dress.
Twitter followers: 3,215
31. Do you have rewards for certain goals?
Do you start getting ready for Christmas by the end of October? Or is this still too early for you yet?
But Fadiah also said there were various legal ways to get Abdul Razak to testify before the French court.
A few items that are currently bringing much joy:
Inside his farmhouse Pieter Cillier, 57, slept with his 14-year-old daughter Nikki at his side. His 12-year-old son JD was having a sleepover with two teenagers in an adjoining room.
Warmists are finally getting hot and bothered (pun intended) about the lack of warming in the last 15 years. Their improbable explanation is that other things are happening which "mask" an underlying warming trend. That is however an unfalsifiable explanation unless they can show what the pesky "other" influences are -- and they have made some attempts in that direction. The latest is excerpted below.
To read some of what the professionals and politicians are saying, the failure of the government to convince us that they’re drawing the line in the right place is a ‘presentational’ problem; all they need to do is find a better way to put their case and we’ll all be convinced. (Or even, as the WM article suggested, simply find the right time between elections where they won’t suffer too much political grief as a result.).
paper - melon mambo, basic black, whisper white, be mine (echo park)
What I do know is that he certainly wasn’t basing his opinion on medical evidence. Nor was he helping me in the least by saying such a thing. I never actually believed his dire predictions but I cannot deny that his words scared me at first. And they came back to me from time to time. Like a prickly haunting echo. Like some wispy, woo-woo kind of Dickensian Christmas Carol ghost of my MS Future. And, of course, this ghost would shadow me when I felt the most vulnerable, the sickest & weakest & wobbliest. Which is to say, those words would kick me when I was already down.
The image was stamped with Night of Navy and I used Pool Party, Island Indigo, and Marina Mist markers to color the image.
Black Milk and his band Nat Turner totally blessed stage (and the crowd) in a every impressively great way possible. Sometimes hip hop bands tend to stray away from the original composition of a song, but they at times made the original sound even better when played w/live instruments. He performed tracks from his entire catalog from Sound of The City to Popular Demand, to Tronic to Album of the Year. His band Nat Turner turns head with every note and each key. Each member were more than on point, doing a superb rendition of Wu Tang’s “Cream.” They even took it to the dance and house world for a bit, causing some wild females to get wild on the dance floor, enjoying themselves. Shout to Jessica at Co-Sign.
3. Getting mad will only delay things
except in the idea that maybe, just maybe,
Besides bought few stuff for me, my parents did bought tons of haul too. Mainly because they had booked the luggage allowance to the max up to 30kg each.
All things considered, Lia Faith is a cute, no extremely cute, little toddler who appears to have a mischievous characteristic that is rubbing off on Lily Grace - much to Connie's chagrin. She is very loveable and likes to 'flirt' by cutting her eyes at you and daring you to try to grab her. She has this cute little run that causes her to bounce up and down, all the while giggling and laughing. She's going to cause me and Connie some late nights I'm afraid when she gets to be a teenager. But the good news is that when she gets old enough for boyfriends, I think she'll take care of herself.
At the end of the year (next January), there will be a vote for Best Wild Card.
Still, not knowing for sure if she had heard or not, I tried the simple approach. "It's Rebecca," I said. Nothing. "Rebecca H****?" Her eyes brightened with the familiar last name, and then dimmed quickly with complete confusion. She didn't know a Rebecca in that family. And now, her mother was hovering. My mind whirled with possible paths this "conversation" could take. None with good results. This people were hard-core Bible-thumping Christians, and wore it on their sleeves.
But where is Bo? I do not know.
Matteo "22" Yazge
How do we sleep while our beds are burning
I don't care if you live with a tribe of never before discovered people, there are certain sounds of the modern world that will make your brain click that you are in danger.
For you like this and the other
This post was written for inclusion in the monthly Carnival of Natural Parenting hosted by Code Name: Mama and Hobo Mama. This month our participants have shared how they stay centered and find balance. Please read to the end to find a list of links to the other carnival participants.
-Share the title & author, too, so that other TT participants can add the book to their TBR Lists if they like your teasers!
We think we own this place. They think
As I recover from my surgery there is a lot to be thankful for. Who would have thought I’d be able to eat my Christmas dinner, chomp on nuts and sing carols. Despite all the grief and worry he’s caused us, Idle Jack has a job when many don’t. And I'm thankful too that hubby is still in work. A year ago we didn’t know what might happen when his company were taken over. Spending the week in London is a small price to pay. Quiet Mousie has health worries (he’s showing signs of developing my Behcets disease) but with a wonderful Professor of Rheumatology at Birmingham Children’s hospital looking after him and a Mum who understands the disease, we can help him manage it. And let’s be especially thankful, he’s not going to die from it. Some children won’t be so fortunate this Christmas...
Maybe I can find it
Happy Sunday! Today is the day I am taking down winter and dressing my house for spring. I can't wait to freshen things up! I don't know about you, but I am an impatient decorator. I am bothered by unfinished spaces or gaps. I also don't have a million dollars to spend so I need to think fast and think on the budget.
I finally fulfilled one of my dreams. I tried out for a musical. I almost tried out last year for the local “Fiddler on the Roof” production, but my heart wasn’t in it.
when you need them on this planet?
100,000 soccer games X 2 Teams of 11 players = 2,200,000
twisting the caps
The greatest genius of the Buffy RPG was taking something gamers always do – in that case, make pop culture references and undercut dramatic moments – and make them both in-setting appropriate and wired into the system.
Goes whistling as he walks across
The cake is not just a symbol about black people, but about black women. We have seen these type figures throughout history and this cake is made to show that she is not only black, but unattractive. You are asking yourself where does the performing artist come into play, well let me tell you.
Choir
This was my first time using my steel impression plates on A Muse studio paper, and I have to say that I love the result. Their paper is a lighter weight than PTI's, so it takes to embossing much easier, making for a more defined pattern. And about that fabulous yellow cord from Hero Arts - it is so much more pliable than twine. I love it!
It is a beautiful spot, but to go to the beach, one has to be in good shape. The beach is down a big hill, which doesn’t seem that bad until after you’ve hiked down there, walked the beach, and then are ready to return. The whole way back is uphill. Up a steep hill. Bring water and know your limits. Stop for breaks at the conveniently positioned benches. I really can’t imagine families go there in the summer with the heat and all the gear, spend the day at the beach, and then climb that hill.
3) Speaking of eating. Today I had a doctor's appointment right smack in the middle of the afternoon and my stomach was growling so I went to the deli downstairs. They had rows and rows of pastries but I was a good girl and got a grilled chicken sandwich with no mayo and fresh avocado added. I also got a small bag of Stacy's Pita chips and a banana! Best part? I only ate half the sandwich, since it was huge. Go me! I was going to take a picture of my lunch but the place was crowded and I already felt lame eating by myself :-/
It's still pretty simple in format (when I have time, I'll spruce it up), but I hope you join me there from now on!
* Tufts University (USA)
"Exactly. But that raises the question of whether a person should be forced to do such thinking, and some people decided a long time ago that he should not. We may force a dog, sometimes, to act like a man - to walk on his hind legs and wear a collar and so forth. But we shouldn't and couldn't force a man to act like a man. Did you ever want to fall asleep? When you weren't sleepy or even tired?"
Matt was driving and I was pressed for time, so unusually, we didn't do a second round. I did, however, note they offered sidecars on the menu, which I mention because a few folks have been asking about where to get them lately. During our hour or so there, a handful of people wandered in and out who seemed to be on friendly terms with the bar staff, so I assume this place has a nice little following of regulars.
Once upon a time there was some white fabric that was bored. She went to visit her friends, the fabric paint bottles, and asked if they could play together. They played and had fun until late that evening. The fabric was tired from all the playing, and fell asleep. When she woke up, she had changed colour to purple, black and orange. She liked that, so the next day she went to her Paintstik-friends, and played with them.
During these two years, Mr. Spender, in addition to his other activities, has spent much time lecturing in America, and his output has been small. But we think that this more varied selection which he has made, of poems of the same period and later than Poems of Dedication, will fully support his reputation and satisfy his admirers.
Today I woke up about 1:00 pm after a night of partying, had 6 oz of lean pork steak and green tea. Later on I had four oz of fat free hot dog and in about two hours I will have dinner… 5 oz left.
Fascinatingly, to secure loose rubble inside the tunnel – including cracks in the walls and ceiling – the project engineers "inject" the mountain "with resins and foam to consolidate the mass and stabilize it.”
If I get my Christmas wish and the fine folks at the Federal Offices of the TTB approve the formula in time.
Examples of obedient and disobedient
With both of them I scored.
This though did cross my mind at times in the past, I even tried to look up shows who had such programs – I wasn’t aware of the one my friend suggested because I never watched that channel. So when my friend brought up that program and other friends “liked” my Facebook status, I surfed to the website. I clicked on the submitting form…gazed at it for minutes…and closed it!
“DD#1!” I scolded. “You stop that!”
The President's vacation was cut short in order to avoid traveling during Hurricane Irene. Now that he is back in Washington, Mr. Obama started the week by appointing Alan Krueger to be his chief economic adviser.
“Well you doing little deals like that behind my back isn’t exactly going to ease my conscience, Julian.” I retorted. “I mean. . .it’s not like you exactly asked him for fifty bucks. . .We’re talking fifty-nine hundred dollars here-”
On another note, I have been thinking about putting a floor lamp in the dining area to give another light source other than the over head light. The hubby spotted a nice white one at the flea market for me that was only $5! We grabbed a shade from Wal-Mart and it looks awesome in here too!
we said goodbye.
(b) be subject to and comply with the Articles and any statutes, regulations, directives, codes, decisions and International Match Calendar promulgated by the Board, the Professional Game Board, the Non Professional Game Board, the Judicial Panel, a Committee or sub-committee, FIFA, UEFA or the Court of Arbitration for Sport;
A: Bone appétit!
Today has been a good day. The sun is shining, the bugs are out, I got a lot done. DH started his treatment today. I’ll hear more about it later, but he called me right after and said he learned some new things about himself and what had happened. I’m hoping that treatment goes well. He will be going twice a week for three months as a more intensive treatment since his PTSD is pretty bad. I would guess we start the exercises soon. He’s supposed to go out into crowded areas, more and more crowded for longer and longer periods of time. Often the wife goes with them to be like a security blanket, and so I will if he wants me to. I’m pretty sure I will need to just to make sure it gets done.
If I could make you dance for joy
Carlton & United Breweries, Ltd. Victoria Bitter (VB)
‘LOL,’ a teenage coming of age story starring Miley Cyrus whose character struggles with love, freedom, and growing up. Demi Moore plays her mother, who tries to prevent her rebellious party daughter from ruining her life (as moms do). This isn’t heavy stuff, just a fluffy teenage dramedy (with lines like, “It’s so good to love someone so much it hurts” and “I hate her. Look at her – even her underwear is skankville.” Clearly the film is targeted to the girls that followed Cyrus as Hannah Montana.“LOL” marks the first PG-13 film for Cyrus, 19, who has previously found some success in more kid-friendly fare. A documentary following the pop star on her Hannah Montana concert tour grossed a solid $65.3.
you now dismiss your servant in peace.
I've used the new 'Zoo Crew' and 'Whimsical' sets to make this little scene and the sentiment is from 'Sentiment Sampler'
Right now, Obama IS trying to do the most sound economic thing; however, he cannot do it while we are still in conflict. That is why he is failing. He policies work best only at a time of peace. He's been trying to please too many people at one time. We could have saved trillions if we'd fired the private sector war-profiteering companies, and began redirecting those funds TOWARD our military.
Some pancakes, fresh air, songs to sing...
For a penultimate episode, that was one emotional roller-coaster if there ever was one. There was a lot of moving parts and I tried to cover as much as I could without overwhelming you readers with details, but alas, I might have failed on that part. Maybe it’s because I’m trying to savor as much from this show as I can before it ends, or maybe I’m in denial…or both.
Seeing me through as I grow and learn
All the evidence in fact points to one credible explanation, which was that money was pouring into Chia’s bank accounts from kickbacks. This evidence matches the testimony of numerous sources in the Sabah timber business.
Listen--feel--for the calm
The Simply B Stamps design team have more cards posted on our blog that I know you don't want to miss. Pop on over and take a look and leave a little love if you're so inclined!
2. You write the narrative just as if the POV character is first person. You have to keep the "you" character's experience limited to what "you" can know.
Or put another way – in the spirit of this site’s mission – it’s all bollocks.
Once we got through the low comedy phase, the computer insisted they had a number of copies...but they couldn't find them, no, not in Literature and Fiction, not in Mystery, not in New Arrivals. (The woman who was assisting me finally decided they simply hadn't been unpacked and brought out of the back room yet.)
Well Jake and I went out on Saturday to go look at houses. We looked at around 8-10 houses that day and actually liked the first we one saw the best. We put an offer in at the end of the day on the first house and got a counter offer from the seller Monday night. The seller's counter-offer was more than we were willing to pay so we told him no deal and went back out to look at a few more houses today. Before our house hunting today our realtor said he got another counter-offer from the seller from the first house, he came down in price and said he'd accept our offer on all terms as long as we came up $1000. So we went back to the house to take a second look and realized how much we liked it (since it had been the very first house we ever saw, we forgot a little bit) and decided to accept the seller's offer!!!!! We're now just waiting to hear from the realtor saying "congratulations!!!"
Seems to me, over here nylons have one purpose -- ONE ONLY, ladies. And that is: to protect you from the cold. Ok, well maybe they do occasionally dawn those lacy numbers for the sheer fashionista woman-hear-me-roarness of it, but they manage to make me feel like I'm some kind of ice cube who needs to be covered head-to-toe. Is it above twenty degrees Celsius? Then they wanna see some skin, biznatches!
I am grateful for the gift of agency.
It is so rich and so pertinent.
the classes I been taking to help me lose weight.
My brother asked me to post the recipe, as soon as he tasted these. These are deceptive treats. Not the prettiest cookies I've ever made, but they are in the running for the most addictive. They remind me so much of a perfectly chewy and crunchy granola, I couldn't resist making a batch of crumbles to snack on like granola.
In our battles and our struggles, God is our shield: don’t feel vulnerable; your protection is sealed.
We loved the movie, and I think it was an advantage to have not read the books – we didn’t know what was going to happen, nor did we get caught up with being annoyed by what wasn’t in the movie, or what was changed. We just enjoyed the journey – and can’t wait for the next instalment – or maybe I will have to read the books……
Another common rattie misunderstanding is the basic lack of nutritional food. You’re thinking of wild rats, running rampant through the back alley McDonald’s dumpsters, their red eyes filled with manic glee as they triumphantly emerge with moldy burger patties clenched between their giant, gnawing front teeth. PSHH. This is an absurdity. My rats eat more healthy food than Richard Simmons in his heyday. They value their dietary supplements and will never turn away from a nice serving of broccoli or carrots. They indulge perhaps once or twice a day in a sweet treat, but then it’s right back to wholesome grains and goodness! For your edification, I’ve posted some pictures of my rats’ keen interest in diet, exercise, and nutrition.
Port is, without much doubt, the best coach The Citadel has ever had, in any sport. He got it done off the field, too, as almost all of his players graduated.
Last night, as I was sleeping,
Drain and place parsnips in a large bowl; mash. Stir in the green onions, flour, egg, salt, pepper and parsley.
The truth is... they are.
I am a writer.
In my English world I go out to the pubs with my guy friends after they get off work. We drink beer. They all wear suits.
It was a thin nylon... filled with plastic beads... $26.99
● Deleted Scenes
Why? Because “faith” then becomes faith in an object, and true faith, by its very nature, doesn’t require evidence or proof.
Delicious are the blue-eyed skies
Fill a large flat bottomed bowl (we have a red plastic one) about halfway with warm (not hot) water.
*Advertising Issues
FD
Sonja: The Eucharist…the bread and wine have to be representative as there was never actually any physical bread that came down from heaven. The “bread” was Jesus Christ. If you could show me physical bread that came from heaven, I would probably concede to a literal interpretation here. Also, if you take these passages as literal they say whoever partakes of this bread will be saved. That is apart from all your other sacraments and belief only this one thing would need to be done. So the only logical way I can take it as meaning partaking spiritually in his body and blood via excepting his sacrifice for my sin…We do have unfermented wine and unleavened bread, but only “in remembrance” of what he has done.
These remarks were made during the celebration on November 13, 2011 at the Chicago Cultural Center of George Anastaplo’s fifty-five years with the Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago. That celebration followed upon the delivery of the Annual George Anastaplo Works of the Mind Lecture (given on that occasion by Leo Paul S. de Alvarez, of the University of Dallas, who spoke on Plutarch’s Lives and the fate of republics).
We lent our coloured lights to the cubs tree in the Church's festival of light this year so these came back to us after the trees were put up. Middle Sweetpea asked if we could have them over the fireplace and they looked lovely, in fact so lovely I have only just taken them down.
Grilled Lamb Chops – with a some arugula hanging around the plate, pretty good but may skip
Daniel was a real historical person. He actually existed. He is referred to in Ezekiel Chapter 14, along with Noah and Job for their righteousness. The context there is that the righteousness of these men could only save themselves, not others.
Often when I am out and about I see things that inspire design ideas or concepts for my home. Do you find this as well?
It's become popular lately for politicians to speak of a possible "spillover" of violence from Mexico to the United States, so it's remarkable and disorienting to discover so much of the "spillover" is really in the other direction.
I’m sorry this is a little rambling, but I’m upset. I don’t understand how the stupid MPAA can be so obtuse about this. It’s not South Park they’re talking about. It’s a documentary about kids being bullied. It’s a real thing. A problem.
Bleed For Me – Dead Kennedys
Wednesday, April 4
Now, the trick is in using this revelation most wisely and effectively, in a manner that suits my moral standards, despite the rejoicing in my heart and a huge desire for vengeance. In church, I’ve often been advised to “prayerfully consider” something, usually making a donation, increasing one’s tithe (…a common thread, n’est-ce pas?). I will be prayerfully considering how to use this handy discovery of mine, which is sort of like asking God for help in handling a loaded gun. However, I will use the weapon properly, unlike Devil Supervisor. I also fully appreciate that being a faithful, moral person does NOT imply doing nothing when a wrong is committed. I will keep you posted, in more ways than one.
Tell me, what is the book on parenting that I must read? What book changed your perspective on parenting?
While lying in bed that night, William and Jane mourn about their future and their past.
2) It's a complete page-turner. I mentioned intense in (1) above, and truly, this is the best word to describe it. I did not have any idea what the main character, Naomi, was going to do next. Would she try to escape? Would she fall in love? I couldn't (and didn't) stop reading.
I was expecting something – asking me if I was going to work on the end of the year records for his business, something about the dishes again, telling me to tell our daughters something – but, no, nothing. Wow. I guess I underestimated this time.
-Weekend plans always include a trip to the park with the awesome playground
Nearly eight years ago, on 1 April 2004, former speech writer and Special Assistant to Ronald Reagan, Peggy Noonan wrote an article for the Wall Street Journal, where she was a contributing editor. It began like this (emphasis in original):
This crap is pricey and has been purchased to provide hours of fun for everyone. Well mainly hours of fun for Popps, or even an hour of fun would be good. All I really wanted was for her to play with her toys like I see other kids do.
Defiantly Kathleen looked right at Claire. Startled by her mother’s directness, she splintered her finger on the woven reeds of the table.
At my funeral when I die
How irritated are YOU when you have to hit the prompt number…. only to wait again for yet another prompt…. to define your question to then go to another prompt…..UGH!!!!
I have to give a big shout out to my friend Candy for helping set this area up. My brain was mush by this time, and she pulled me through! I tied napkins from a Halloween party from a few years ago around the pendants, and hung a Munchkin land sign, as you can see. I already had the red shiny fabric. I got the yellow fabric at DI for $2, and thought it would make a perfect, "yellow brick road!"
Ah well, I hope this week’s gonna be an enjoyable one. Nothing beats coming back knowing you had an enjoyable day, in Brunei at least (: Goodnight world!
OS rather than a laptop or desktop OS. You have an option to switch to desktop mode which I guess
A practiced eye could spot the reason for this right away when looking at the above picture. Hook, the crane/upper torso bot, came apart into two separate pieces when I applied a minimal amount a pressure to transform him. The reason for this is the link that hold the two halves of him together was made of the same brittle cheap-ass plastic as everything else. (its made of metal in non-KO versions) I spent almost an hour trying to think of a clever pun to describe how easy it broke but then thought better of it.
The difficult part of making these for me was drawing the body parts separately. I realised I use relative positionings in a painting to evoke feeling, to conjure the character as I build the image; and so making a blasted-apart person forced me to work in a different way, which isn't a bad thing from time to time, is it?
There you see 820 S. Park in Springfield, IL. I'm not sure exactly what year I moved into the house; my guess is that it was about 1975 or 76. Bill spent summers there when he was visiting from Hawaii. I was living there when Donna moved to Springfield and married me and that's where we lived when daughter Alicia was born. Central Illinois was so flat that Donna liked telling folks that our driveway was the steepest hill in Springfield. We always liked that big front porch and it looks like the wooden swing is still hanging there. That house is now nearly 100 years old. There are interesting stories about it that I hope to share one day.
During that period, US President Franklin Delano Roosevelt appealed to the democratic sensibilities of the American people—while no doubt positioning the US for the pursuit of its own imperialist aims—by demanding a “quarantine” of fascist aggression.
As I sent Liam off to go play at his gramma and papa's today and told them to please feel free to keep him until bedtime, I stopped him at the door and took an extra minute to kiss him about 20 times and squeeze him hard... and the love I feel for him even in spite of his less than perfect moments is a shining example of the love God has for me... and for you.
Of course, it wouldn’t be Romero if there wasn’t some sort of social commentary here. Dawn of the Dead is as much about the idea of mindless consumerism as it is about the zombies. Everybody—our heroes, the zombies, and the biker gang—show up at the mall eventually, because the mall is where everyone wants to be. Our quartet of heroes, once they clear the mall of the undead, live a life of luxury and relative ease, cooking for themselves in the mall restaurants, wearing fur coats, and even taking money out of the bank “just in case.”
Mr. Tissainayagam went on to say:
The bend of my hair,
“How come? We discussed it. The world should know.”
Economists in Brazil are starting to lower their expectations for a turnaround in 2013. If 2011 was bad, and 2012 is supposed to be flat, why are 2013 growth forecasts being revised downward?
but how all this will could have affected some of the stars of silent movie era, The Artists portraits the struggle of a successful movie star who fails to embrace talking movies change, whose ego just can’t accept the reality… it also shows how a change in film making can make an artists skills obsolete…
Arrive with a suitcase of dreams.
d. When both the task and the customer are unknown
The Stereo Vinyl Cruiser Complete Orange was inspired by three things: music, skateboarding, and fun. Stereo’s creative roots trace back to one of its original inspirations: American Jazz and Blues music and the rich style, design, and culture that went with it. Stereo owners Jason Lee and Chris Pastras started out riding what are affectionately called “Banana Boards” as early as 1979 and now, after professional skateboarding careers spanning two decades, they still enjoy riding their collectible versions, which inspired the “Vinyl Series” boards today.
About line drying: I had a clothes line in my last house that ran from the back door to the back lane. I loved using it in the summer time--felt like I stepped back into the '60s! Since moving to this house a few years back, we haven't put up a clothes line yet. However, I do try to dry sheets and towels and blankets on my deck railing when the weather is nice. It's not the best alternative, but it satisfies my craving for the outdoor smell.
This was not a pseudo problem, not a mere annoyance. Three employees were struck by vehicles this past year, and sustained injuries.
He was pleased that their appeared to be no infection. And as of now, no infection is showing in the cultures. But he also noticed the bottom half of the shunt system (distillation (I think) - where the Cerebral Spinal Fluid is dispelled into the abdomen) was not functioning strongly. The top half where the CSF is absorbed from the brain was working great. His plan was to first make sure there was no infection - that was worse case which would involve the removal of the shunt system and a new one put in. That was our little 42 day trip to the hospital back in Sept-Oct. If there was no infection he wanted to check the drainage portion of the shunt system to make sure it wasn't clogged.
without a mother or father,
Yep, it seems I'm finally getting better, I've made it back to blogland ! For those who don't know why I've been AWOL, An unexpected 10 day stint in the hospital with Kidney stones, Kidney drain, Ruptured kidney, urosepsis etc etc has had me in it's grasp, fortunately I've been home recovering for the last 2 weeks and am finally starting to feel like myself again, it's not all over yet, I still have the drain & the stones and will be having a few more visits to the hospital to sort it all out ! .. But that I can live with now that I am feeling so much better.
- 3 gelatin sheets
Pasternak turned on his heel, looked urgently at Mandelstam and said "You didn't say that - and I didn't hear it". Despite Pasternak's urgings, Mandelstam failed to suppress his criticism of Stalin, and in 1934 he was sent into exile in the small provincial town of Voronezh. Lonely and frightened, the poet had a mental breakdown, and attempted to redeem himself by producing the sort of 'Ode to Stalin' that was becoming popular amongst Soviet writers. But Mandelstam's aesthetic conscience kept interfering with his desire to placate 'the Kremlin mountaineer', and his poem evolved from a sonorous piece of grovelling into 'Lines to an Unknown Soldier', a long, anguished meditation on destruction and tyranny. Mandelstam was sent to a labour camp in Russia's far east in 1938, and seems to have died later that year. In a number of the poems he wrote in the last decade of his life the vast cold pine forest of Siberia is imagined as both sinister and somehow welcoming place. Like Homer's land of the lotus eaters, Siberia's taiga offers both sanctuary and oblivion:
Oh and in case you thought I'd forgotten - the knitty thing is done! But it definitely needs blocking before Ican show you looking as good as I am hoping it will look. So tomorrow then?
Below is a screenshot: I cannot read the japanese.. but from the looks .. the volcano APPEARS to be Sakurajima.. in which case this would be an east or southeast facing camera I would think..
We talk a lot in HR about pushing people outside of their comfort zone in order to better understand yourself well I guess rather than doing it in a conventional way with a trainer and certified models of how to do achieve this I am going to do it randomly.
King of surf
Elise is such a lovely young lady! This color looks so pretty on her, too. The only thing she asked for was a little fringe, so I did add that to the ends and it's packed up and ready to mail back to her tomorrow.
I sorta want to talk about this and I sorta don’t. I don’t want to talk about it because I am just so sick and tired of it all. I also feel like I am just whining instead of actually doing something.
Bizarre Boudoir specializes in made to order high quality corsetry and vintage inspired ready to wear designer lingerie. Here you can keep track of my latest corset styles, sewing adventures and the latest designer brands offered on my website.
She said it sounded like labor but to keep her updated. I told her I would call her again at 7:00.
Three beginnings. One end.
You mean I don't have to feel an intense wave of guilt and vivid visualization of me literally killing myself at the gym with every bite? Sign me up!
"I chose to be scrambled, but then I poached their spaceship and left them with egg on their faces.
-- The Gospel of Luke
This is why we need a new system that supports everyone equally! No poor people = all rich people = everyone supported = what is best for all = a new world = LIFE!
Clutched in his hand was a polished, .32 snub-nose revolver. I could see its weight by the light strain it had on Jason’s skinny arm.
I found Ezine Articles online and published a couple of old pieces with them (and later, some reprints.) They paid me nothing, but the byline felt great. I wanted more, so I started doing some research.
I asked the lady at the fruit shop what they’re like and she said they’re delicious, although you need to let it ripen a little like an avocado. So we bought one and today it was ready for eating, the skin had gone a bit black in places and the stem was easily pulled out intact which does make me wonder whether that’s a sign that they’re ready to eat?
I'm going to have to look up this lady just to make sure she is a real porn actress and not at all because I like porn. I'm not into that. I may invite her to something else that maybe she has never been to, as that seems to be the right angle. Maybe the library? Church? Something unlikely like that . . .
Has returned to the ark with the bough;
it’s slippery, elusive–
Coleridge came up with this formula suggesting that if a writer could infuse a “human interest and a semblance of truth” into a fantastic tale, the reader would suspend judgment concerning the implausibility of the narrative.
Time management
Since Silver Lake seems to lack a functioning sexual assault evidence kit (a device that would have easily detected that Carla had been raped by five assailants), and with a catatonic Carla in the hospital under the care of a doctor (Joseph Zucchere) who looked like a slimmed down version of Alex Karras, the five rapists, content in the knowledge that Timmy is the one being blamed for the death of Carla and her parents, go about their day as if nothing had happened. Whoa, did you say, "death of Carla"?!? Yeah, I did. The five rapists, get this, think Carla's dead. Oh, man, are they in for a nasty surprise.
So I ask you, join me in shopping small this weekend.
After eating a bit, ha! A bit, I crack myself up… We went to a cooking demonstration. It was put on by the Icelandic Seafood Company, complete with Icelandic chef! Truly.
The whole world of heaven
Our goal is to expand the visibility of authors’ works and maximize their success through red carpet treatment, personalized attention, and quality, publishing-house services at their fingertips. We’re confident that authors and agents alike will find comfort in the professionalism of our VIP Services program.
Who can make money taking surveys online?
Hi, just showing off the card I made using a card sketch from 'Scrap Your Socks Off'
Today I am playing with another birthday gift I received from a friend a few weeks back when it was my birthday. I paper pieced the girls dress and hat using designer paper.
Publisher: Bethany House Publishers
Due to its location, Russia has always been a crossroads nation, a place where people from many different backgrounds passed through. Among the earliest people to arrive were the Slavs. They settled between the Baltic Sea to the northwest and the Black Sea in the southwest. Over the centuries, other ethnic groups arrived on the scene. They may have been members of an invading army or traders from faraway lands traveling there to sell their goods. Some of these people decided to live in Russia rather than return to their original homelands.
Our goal is always to try to find the Upside of D….hence the title of this blog. That isn’t always an easy thing to do.
Venus enters Capricorn from much more ebullient Sagittarius November 26 (6:36 a.m. Central) and immediately squares Uranus stationing direct at zero Aries - the birth point of the zodiac.
Jumbo Rocks, Joshua Tree National Park, taken 28 April 2012 during my a 24-hour photographic trip to the desert.
The middle one is by far the best. The pastry is really soft so it’s easy to bite into without the cream squirting out the sides, and the filling is the best of both worlds – a tasty custard lightened with freshly whipped cream.
Place paneer cubes in a bowl and pour the yoghurt and tandoori masala.
When we go back to Buenos Aires in two weeks, it will have been almost exactly sixteen years since I left. I’ve been examining my own life and what has changed in those sixteen years and wondering how much Buenos Aires itself has changed since then.
Yesterday, much to my surprise, a neighbour arrived at my door with a bunch of daisys and a bag of dried green ‘grass’.
Lived in 496 pages-spine broken to
For the next few days, I will be sharing some ideas for edible gifts for your friends and family. Everyone loves to eat, especially during the holiday season, so these ideas are going to be perfect for anyone on your list. This is a great way to stay on budget but still make everyone around you feel special! Also, all of the recipes I'm going to share are perfect for packing up and sending off to a loved one that may be far away.
“You’re just ok.”
So very glad it is fresh then, not quite as fresh as when I tried it first time around in Brooklyn, on draught, but fresh enough. But fresh isn't todays issue.
My preschooler does school work with her siblings...she has since about the age of 2, and she has her very own workbox with 12 hanging folders. Our toddler also has a workbox that has 12 toys in it...we rotate out special school toys that keep him busy. No file folders for him.
Despite the limited budget and tiny cast given to Boetticher, everything about “The Tall T” exudes class. The script by Burt Kennedy is based on the short story “The Captives” by veteran crime fiction writer Elmore Leonard and Charles Lawton Jr’s economic cinematography soaks up the rugged beauty of the Lone Pine locations so favoured by the director. In some of the scenes, one can almost feel the heat coming off the screen while looking at Randolph Scott’s sweat-soaked shirt.
But then Tracy hits me....and in that open second, Tony hits me back. It's a threesome of fun! It's a late night and out in the open, suburban ménage a trois! Thing is, I know their names but they don't even know mine! It's all so very, very casual and I'll probably never see them again.
The New Vic opened in 1962. It was Europe's 1st purpose-built "theatre-in-the-round". Peter Cheeseman was its 1st director, who stayed for 38 years which, to me, underlines the fact that this must be a happy place in which to work. All kinds of drama takes place, concerts, exhibitions whatever. See the website for all the details : http://www.newvictheatre.org.uk/
That had me immediately preparing the Duvel Comparator Scale to see where abouts on that it fits. It's the same strength (8.5% ABV) and the aroma has the same sort of sweet and juicy fruits: mandarins and a little bit of peach or white plum. On tasting, however, I found it much closer to my memories of La Chouffe and its distinctive white pepper flavour.
Top Row: Fairy bread Ducklings (representing the baby animal nursery); Strawberry Shortcake Showbag containing strawberries; Macaron shell with a ferris wheel drawn on with Gourmet Writers (representing Sideshow Alley).
Palate: Huge hot spices, mixed peel, oak, cocoa, struck matches. Water adds coconut, nougat and ginger.
All the way down the food chain is me and my four or five soldiers and we push digital paper.
North Coast Old Stock Ale 2012
The good thing about a nonfiction book for young adults is that they are usually shorter than adult nonfiction. The bad thing is they are usually shorter than adult nonfiction. Often, in Charles and Emma, I was wanting more; more information on the family and friends of the Darwins. All those cousins, intermarrying! And all the rather impressive members of the Darwin/Wedgwood family. More information on the children. A modern theoretical diagnosis on what illnesses Darwin and his daughter Annie suffered from. What, if anything, they thought about social issues going on around them.
With nearly 200 attractions listed by price, history, activity and location, there is surely something that everyone can agree on and have a blast doing. She even includes tips on driving routes and mass transportation. I know what my bible of Chicagoland activities is going to be this summer.
Carrie Fundingsland – It’s very important to me to design around my clients’ taste and style, rather than my own. I want the house to reflect whom they are and what their lifestyle is, not how I would live in the space. I think that’s why I’ve been so successful. You can see by my website that I am comfortable doing any type of house, whether it being a Spanish Revival, a Mid-Century Modern, or a Traditional. It’s important to me that I don’t have a “signature” style. It would be my worst nightmare if someone could walk into a home and know immediately that I am the one that designed it. I love it when my clients or colleagues walk into a new space I’ve created and they say “wow, I had no idea you could do ______.” It keeps them guessing and interested in what I do.
Palate: A little oily. Cola and caramels. Some rasberry, nutmeg and licorice.
PaperPlay has chosen "precious metals" as their new theme: metall in any form - embossing, brads, charms... Everything counts as long as it´s either gold, silver, bronze or copper.
2. Duke Blue Devils
Instead, I am going to tell you that when we left home, Hubs had his mind made up that we were going to eat Mexican food. All day, I salivated at the thought of perfectly seasoned and grilled shrimp folded inside a warm corn tortilla with some creamy coleslaw to make the most awesome shrimp tacos. I wanted. I wanted badly. With beans and rice. Then, we got to the big city and Hubs decided he wanted pasta. So much for Mexican food. *shrug*
Distant music reached me, peals of bells a-ringing.
Nasty Pork Supreme.
The Polar Express ... AMC ... 10 PM
In fact, if I had to be perfectly Francis, there was half an expectation that the pub would come into view and visions of Bob’s Country Bunker would race into my head along with both its types of music. The reality could not have been further from the expectation.
Now, I don't consume much of the stuff, except when in Italy, because I rather not have any at all than have poor quality. This is NOT how books are like ice-cream, because I have to be reading something all the time, even if it's rubbish. Even if it's train time-tables or ketchup labels. There are lots of people like me - logophiles? Anyway, addicts of the written word (and the spoken, come to that).
4. SHOULDING: an unhealthy preoccupation with the things one "ought" to do.
I get undress as they start their initiations
This chair was a curbside find from months ago that has been patiently sitting in the garage, waiting to be made over (courtesy of my mom, for dumpster diving). She's finally completed. A new coat of paint, stain and a good roughing up, followed by a newly upholstered seat. I can't decide if I want to keep her or send her to the booth to sell, but right now I'm thankful for the reminder she brings to get my hands dirty and get creative.
Pull-Outs - heavy duty glides and lumber: $30
A Game of Thrones by George R. R. Martin (excellent)
You only have to find something that you want more than you want to die. It doesn't have to be nice.
It is hard to let go though, I was quite fond of it. How do you cope with brutal editing, does it ever end up in the recycle bin?
She see’s a new face. She see’s someone is there in that happy house that I haven’t seen. She MINE. She is zoned in.
Paulie Walnuts rules!!!!!!
We are heading into week 4 of perfect breastfeeding, meaning I should be losing my milk by the end of the week for about 3 days. Then it will come in again, only to vanish 4 or 5 days later for another 3 days. Then, it will come back for about a month.
I used a clip-art picture of a ballerina (found online) and used a simple computer program and some downloaded fonts to throw together a cute little ballet invitation.
This is a reboot of an old post, but as it talks about our NICU experience I wanted to share it... Since the March for Babies is coming up in a couple of months.
Hello strangers. Yes, it is me. I've been away for so long and felt it time to come back for a brief moment and say hello to everyone in Blog Land.
I am really have to see a new year on the calendar. Not that it is magical, but there is something about the thought of a "new start" that gives you hope. And lets face it, 2011 kinda sucked around here LOL. We had the normal attachment mental illness stuff, plus all the hospital stays mixed in from Paige's "routine" tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy. Emily's seizure disorder stuff, my 4 day stay from what was thought to be a stroke that was really just stress and migraines. Plus looking back I see a lot of really weird negative "junk" I let into my life. Looking back now I think I did it because it was a good distraction from other stuff that was going on in my house. But the bad thing about that is, it doesn't make the other stuff go away, it just brings more stress. So see ya later 2011 :)
”I am that bread of life.” ~ John 6:48
EDGE Motorworks E30 is a force to be reckon with. I first saw their E30 run at last years finale at Infineon Raceway in which they ran not only in the GTA event but just about every other session NASA had going on that weekend, something no other teams were doing. Another surprise for me was that this car runs in the Unlimited RWD Class and finished in 3rd place with a 1:57.756.
Looking for the best paper shredders available in the market? Comparing one from another is really useful when buying a certain product or equipment. Here are some guidelines that could help you pick the paper shredder that suits your needs.
I sat on my pack on the pavement, while he returned the rental car.
Full of cooking and cooking and cooking.
Jane the singer from Rude Club now records in a band called Ernest + Tom and a review of her debut gig can be found here
I want to shed 30 pounds so that I can feel inside myself that I am full of life. If I can reach close to being as slim as I was in my Gravatar, then I know I’m living the healthiest life I possibly can because I’m now eating a variety of food and that means that my body is getting the B Vitamins.
Immediately after garlic sprinkle pine nuts in, then after 30 seconds add your knob of butter and then add the kale and a small splash of wheat beer to the pan.
The class’s one-hour time allotted to the garden lesson flew by too quickly, and only about half of the class had a chance to place a seed in the prepared soil. Did it really matter that they missed this last leg of the lesson, though? For this young age, it seemed like the kids got to take home the overarching theme about having fun in the garden and seeing all of the life that the garden is home to.
Story and photos by Fred Gerber, Project HOPE's Special Projects Director.
and were really pleased with how our stall looked.
Najib, who is chairman of the 13-member ruling coalition, apologised yesterday for BN’s past mistakes that caused it to lose its customary two-thirds majority in Parliament and four states in 2008.
"Travel."
An earthquake is called as intra-plate when it occurs within the plate and not at the edges of two plates. Since it is an intra-plate earthquake, no subduction takes place, and the movement is along the fault where one edge of the plate grinds past the other horizontally causing a strike-slip fault.
Here are some other areas to think about when crafting your brag:
Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the living God,
The warmth of the mansion vanished a chilled fog clouded her vision.
Next, use Windows Add/Remove programs option in order to repair Microsoft Excel installation. The process repairs corrupted or missing Excel files, if any. After the Setup begins when you click Add/Remove option, it gives you an option to repair the installation.
I see that last week's challenge was maybe too specific? We didn't have a lot come out to play. With that being said, the entries last week were AWESOME! Thank you for coming over and giving the challenge some love!
Can you believe that this is what April looks like in Youngstown, OH? After all these weeks of warm weather, we thought we’d gotten away with a mild snow season. Well . . . we were right. April may have looked like this other years, but this picture isn’t a current picture. This picture’s not even taken in April. It’s not even near Youngstown.
It had taken us two and a half hours to get there, it took ten minutes on The Tube back to Victoria.
So how young is to young, to fall in LOVE????/
(meaning… Fall should be hell compared to this semester)
“He drafted his daughter’s suitor? That’s horrible.”
The smoking area has been renamed 'the pariah portico.' I take total credit for that name, by the way. One thing I've definitely learned--make a point of hanging out on the smoker's patio at some point during every convention. You'll run into some fascinating and important people.
So how could it have been even better? They passed on David DeCastro.They had a need along the offensive line, and for the sake of picking up an extra 4th rounder, they sacrificed DeCastro and took Kevin Zeitler four spots later. Yes even the best draft in the nfl, managed to make the Steelers look like geniuses. Grade A+
Isn’t it gorgeous?
I think the hold is gone by now. The original check writer called his bank and discovered that the checks had cleared after all and told me that I could keep the second check for my aggravation. (Thank you!). But my bank is curiously unhelpful--there is no record of the "holds" in my online account and there will be no notification when they are released. So I just have to keep calling them to see.
"You have no idea how divorced we are."
Of course there are many influential books in the world. But the story is king. I don’t care whether you want to save the the Amazon rainforest, or stop bullying, or prevent date rape, or merely get children to pick up after themselves and turn out the lights when they leave a room: if your reason for writing is to preach some message, no matter how important or wonderful it may be, your ulterior motive will show up like a tarantula on a slice of angel-food, as Philip Marlowe once said. Books are not ‘messages’. They are about people – your characters – and what happens to them. The only way to make us care about your message is to make us care deeply about your characters, and paradoxically that means you, the writer, must care for your characters even more than you care for your beloved cause. Only in this way will there be even a chance of you writing another ‘Black Beauty’ or ‘Uncle Tom’s Cabin’. In a modern idiom, of course.
Who am I to argue with the galaxy?
1 cup chopped asparagus
Short term it has been important to observe how this advance is unfolding. Thus far it looks impulsive. The SPX has rallied in 5 waves up from 1359 to 1407. It then pulled back to SPX 1394 yesterday, and now today advanced to 1415. The rally from SPX 1394 can either unfold as a 3rd wave, or a C wave, as it works its way higher. This afternoon’s pullback to SPX 1405 also fits into the pattern. Short term, at least, this market should head higher.
On the way back from the PO I saw her again, standing there in nearly the same spot, asking me to walk her the rest of the way to the facility because she feared the strong wind might cause her to lose her balance. With my arms free I was more than able to help and happy to, because I always wondered about all the people that live there, what it's like in there, what their stories are. I also marvel at the trees that grow on the grounds, one large oak with an astonishingly solid collar of hefty branches coming from it, it seems magically strong, as well as the white maple that stands tall on the other side of the entrance. Trees so enchanting they manage to evoke a sacred grove right there on 8th Avenue.
Being a magnificent paradox, Le Clown also wants to thank you for coming back each and everyday, to read his ramblings and to be part of his insanely awesome circus. Last week only, this blog reached 5396 views - in one week only - which is fucking crazy…!
Girl Scout 2: Caramel Delights!
But recently, the fen was in the news. The West Wales Wildlife Trust had improved the boardwalk that gives access to what is essentially a glacial floodplain, a new bird hide had been installed and there was talk of otters in the reed beds. So the other week we took the unclassified lane from Castle Morris to Llangloffan wondering what we'd find.
The inbreeding coefficient of the Spanish Habsburg kings increased strongly along generations from 0.025 for king Philip I, the founder of the dynasty, to 0.254 for Charles II and several members of the dynasty had inbreeding coefficients higher than 0.20. In addition to inbreeding due to unions between close relatives, ancestral inbreeding from multiple remote ancestors makes a substantial contribution to the inbreeding coefficient of most kings. A statistically significant inbreeding depression for survival to 10 years is detected in the progenies of the Spanish Habsburg kings. The results indicate that inbreeding at the level of first cousin (F = 0.0625) exerted an adverse effect on survival of 17.8% 612.3. It is speculated that the simultaneous occurrence in Charles II (F = 0.254) of two different genetic disorders: combined pituitary hormone deficiency and distal renal tubular acidosis, determined by recessive alleles at two unlinked loci, could explain most of the complex clinical profile of this king, including his impotence/infertility which in last instance led to the extinction of the dynasty.
04-Wally Brown-Joshua Send Back The Rod
ON TAP NOW: Rotating selections (limited engagement).
The music that I write now has always been there. In fact, I met the Loro's members while I was first starting the whole Pika thing, but I put it on the backburner because I loved my members and wanted to devote all my time to working and fine-tuning music with Loro's. I have no real super huge goal with Pika and I hope that it makes a few people very content and that would just make my day. In fact, it's more like a project that I do on my own because sometimes a girl just has to sing to herself, because you yourself are the only one that really knows you, right??? hehe. In any case, I haven't really hyped it up that much or anything because it was more my own naked music, fetal position, happy, sad, what have you. I'd like it to hopefully become more easier to do concerts (this recent concert was quite stressful).
“Let me tell you something I learned a long time ago,” he began. All of treatment turned to listen to the wise, old doctor. “It takes two people to argue. One person can complain and cry and scream all they want, but if you sit there calm, you aren’t in an argument, you aren’t upset. The second you raise your voice and give in to anger, they’ve won. They pulled you into a fight. So I listened to that woman’s crazy rant. And even though I sat there for 20 minutes and could only think, ‘Go fuck yourself, you crazy bitch,’ I didn’t say it, and she didn’t get to win.” All of treatment erupted in laughter and applause.
The Argentine foreign minister is scheduled to to meet with the UN Secretary General in New York to pursue the diplomatic line.
IPBiz notes that a PCT application is neither a granted patent nor a peer-reviewd publication. The PCT application is PCT/US2009/040050, which does correspond to publication number WO/2009/126795. There is a priority claim to US provisional application 61/043,710. There has been a national phase filing in Europe: EP 2009730267.
It might be an exaggeration to state that I’ve heard “Bad, Bad Leroy Brown” a million times in my life. But it wouldn’t be a huge exaggeration. Here’s to hearing it a million more times.
Not long after my dad's sister's death, his mum went, too. My grandad was in hospital with lung cancer and my dad went to check up on his mum as usual and found her slumped in her chair, dead from a heart attack. Or the heartbreak of losing a daughter.
a project having to do with Mother's Day. This is
The majority of Americans have already been asked many times if they are pro-life or pro-choice and they already have your answer. Most people know that pro-life is code for one thing, and pro-choice is code for its opposite.
i'm currently crushing on these styles, but do you have a the perfect pleated skirt or dress i need to see??
Evan Watkins — Professor of English
Designing its most reliable course of action,
So, yesterday I was finishing up a 20 mile bike ride and had a pleasant 2 mile descent to look forward to. I never coast down. I always jump to the highest gear and peddle down at the fastest speed I feel like going that particular day. This particular hill can yield about 36-42 on a bike depending on the day and mood.
Now I have used Lili of the Valley "Dandelion Clock" and colored her
Through hollow lands and hilly lands,
If I see you coming and I cross the street to avoid you, that means I DON’T WANT YOU TO FOLLOW ME!
