The largest equity ETF, the SPDR S&P 500 (SPY), also had the largest net outflow for the week ($1.7 billion) followed by the SPDR Select Sector Financial (XLF) which had $378 million in net outflows. Even foreign equities and emerging markets were not immune. The iShares MSCI EAFE ETF (EFA) lost $748.8 million. About the only sector to see positive flows was municipal ETFs but even then the numbers were very small.
Sift together the cake flour, almond flour, salt, and baking powder. Begin to add the sifted dry ingredients to the batter, alternating with the warm milk. Fold in the sliced almonds.
Here are a few suggestions I would make:
#1 – King’s Quest 6
The flight from Paris to Chicago was already a long one at nine hours. But the minions of hell were hard at work last wednesday. Some fueling contraption needed to be fixed. Then it needed to be replaced. Four hours later, we were apologetically asked to deplane and I had an intense desire to meet the captain and see how far I could wedge my flip-flops up his ass cheeks. Thirteen hours of Mrs K is enough to make you want to suffocate yourself with the vomit bag.
These domes were the first serious part of my collection.
While Nama’s version of events in relation to the TAIL transaction dominated the front page of The Irish Times last Thursday morning, things took something of a twist in the High Court later that day when the agency’s Senior Counsel Paul Sreenan conceded, on foot of an interjection from Ms Justice Finlay Geoghegan, that Treasury had in fact agreed a specific pre-condition concerning the deal with Nama.
So, what do you think Owl is saying here?
2. Share seven things about yourself.
Fri, Sep 28 Atlanta, GA Chastain Amphitheatre Fri, May 11
Well I got my substitute teaching job. I am so extremely excited but terrified at the same time. I have no experience in this field. I’ve been a CNA since I graduated high school and I also worked at a bingo hall. This is going to be so different that anything I’m use to. I’m ready for it though. I was working as a CNA last year but I had to take off because I had a cyst removal and an appendectomy, with a side of internal bleeding. But I quit because a month after my surgery I found out I was pregnant. But since I had my daughter I’ve been doing nothing! It’s driving me crazy! And I thought about going back to CNA work, but I really do not want to wipe ass anymore.
I was very disappointed that I couldn't take part in the walk of witness this year. It would have been too far for me to walk a good half hour to get there then all the way back. If the service had been just at one church I might have gone to that but it wasn't it started at the assembly point and was continued at two other churches. Still I am glad I spent all day at church yesterday and took part in the Read through the Bible.
For one year, the soldier wrote
As I was drinking it, I was thinking that for a 19-year-old brewery, the economics of laying a beer aside for a year may not make sense. For a more established operation, it may not make sense to release a green beer so soon. Age is funny that way.
Manuscripts submitted to the romance writing competition must be between 45,000 and 110,000 words. Submissions can be aimed at a specific market and marked accordingly eg Harlequin Mills & Boon sweet, Intrigue, Superromance, etc. An entry fee of NZ $55.00 applies per entry.
their red stems holding
The poor darlings! I feel awful for them. 159 video games on three different systems. A puppy. A trampoline. Two computers. A four-wheeler. Three mp3 players. 213 dvds. Five bikes.
1/4 cup kosher salt
I had long been a “latch key” kid before my parent’s divorce and was ”Home Alone” when Joe Elliott, Kurt Cobain, and another man showed up at my door on May 16, 1983. It was in retelling this to Michael Jackson that inspired the John Hughes film starring MJ’s little friend, Macaulay Culkin. The poster inspired by The Scream created by Norwegian artist Edvard Munch. This would also later inspire the duet “Scream” with Michael and Janet Jackson, as well as, the film series by A Nightmare on Elm Street creator Wes Craven.
And you know what? The peace came. After that, i was fine. My mom came down to visit the day after because I had been so stressed on the phone and I was fine. I felt bad that she had made the trip when I was so calm. It truly was a supernatural peace.
My suspicions were confirmed when I re-visited my FIRST image of smoke taken two or three weeks ago. Scrap the others--THIS example is more how I want to show smoke. I've tried just about every odd-ball technique for removing noise and then re-introducing it in a controlled manner using some rather convoluted Photoshop techniques. But forget 'dat--it's time to start over, heading back in the direction this first image. Stay tuned.
What happened next, Andrews reports, propelled him into the future of medicine. Spievack's brother, Alan, a medical research scientist, sent him a special powder and told him to sprinkle it on the wound.
Cole split his first year between short-season Eugene and single-A Baseball City, pitching as both a starter and a reliever. He then split 1989 between Baseball City and AA Memphis. At Memphis full-time for 1990, Cole got into 46 games, six starts, with an ERA of 4.35.
Cons: Savings depend on YOUR area, so your location may not have a ton of deals going on for a particular category…it’s all about timing and what you’re currently looking for. Other than that, I couldn’t find much I didn’t like about this site!
Shortly after my coverage of the FDA’s approval for NeuralStem’s stem-cell trial for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis appeared on the Niche, Letizia Mazzini and Franca Fagioli of Eastern Piedmont University contacted me to tell me about their team’s work using mesenchymal stem cells for the same disease. While Neuralstem is moving forward with neural stem cells, Mazzini and colleagues have been exploring the use of mesenchymal stem cells derived from the patient who will receive them. She has recently published results of a Phase I trial as well as a review of stem-cell approaches in ALS. Unfortunately, I learned of this work only after I’d posted.
10.A Garden Where Nothing Grows - 02:58
3. So very Tired.
_____That awkward moment when I tell you to f**k off when you are telling me one of your awkward moments joke! (funny awkward moment quote status)
I shouldn't complain when something is exactly as they describe it on the bottle.
Mulligatawny Soup ~ shredded chicken in a veggie chicken broth
I think we can see the utter impossibility of such a physical place for Paul did not know where he was nor could he describe it. It was an unlawful thing to utter as we see in 2 Corinthians 12:4. Oh, I know it is described as having streets of gold and a tree of life that bears twelve manners of fruit. But as we see that in Revelation 21 and 22, we also see that it is on earth. Revelation 21:2 and 10 both say that this new earth came out of heaven and it was not in heaven. It will be physical; earthly.
I'm gonna show ya how!
- The BNP has increasingly made its presence felt in local elections throughout the first six months of 2009. In over twenty local by-elections the BNP has averaged approximately 17 percent of the vote — a huge increase on previous years. The local election results, impressive as they are, were capped by the momentous victory in the Swanley by-election in Kent in February — the BNP’s first breakthrough in the South East Region.
In that letter, the Democratic congressmen pointed out Fannie Mae records show the GSE and its regulator approved and then quickly shut down a pilot principal forgiveness program in 2010 that could have saved the company approximately $410 million.
Since time immemorial rockstars are doing stage dives and its a part of the entertainment, some do it for their own experience and some to win crowds. All you have to do is “trust your crowd and take the leap of faith“ .
TEAM
SARTOR C, ZANDOTTI C, ROMAIN F, et al. Disruption of services in an internal medicine unit due to a nosocomial influenza outbreak. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2002; 23: 615-619.
After receiving a report of the attack, former foreign affairs minister Kevin Rudd raised the issue with various interested parties, such as the Chinese ambassador in Canberra and the Minister for Immigration Chris Bowen. The Mandarin-speaking MP also put his language prowess to use and posted sympathetic comments on the Chinese social media site Weibo.
Lindsay Rowles, 54, appeared at the North Shore District Court on Friday facing charges of cruelty to an animal and offensive behaviour relating to the incident as well as unrelated drink-driving, drug and disorderly behaviour charges.
E- If an actor is “attacked” with that state, it will have a 20% chance of being effective.
Maxwell is the first child for 31-year-old Simpson and her 32-year-old fiance Eric Johnson, a former NFL player.
We'd never experienced anything like this in 20+ years of marriage. If you've been down Financial Turmoil Boulevard, then you know exactly what I'm talking about and how much we've suffered.
1/2 pkg of cream cheese
So at this time my watch was telling me I only had twenty minutes to get back and get us both dressed in our english gear so we headed on out of the arena and back to the trailer. I passed the mother headed to the porta potties on our way back, ugh, so I knew I wouldn't have much help. Thankfully she had set all my clothes and tack out for me already! I trotted on back to the trailer and stripped her of her western stuff, got english tack on, got her english reins on her bridle and left her tied up while I hopped in the trailer to change. (remind me not to choose the stall with POOP in it next time!) That was fun hopping on one leg with one in western boots and jeans and the other breeches trying to get my tall boots on so I don't step on the ground with a sock! Boy, a dressing room would have been handy! I did it though!
"One choice can destroy you."
8. place in oven at 375°F for 45mins.
Conway – Well before we hang up, what would you like for fans to know about LaShawn Merritt?
Shaking in irritation and confusion, the princess ran into the house, her dress still covered in soot, her hands and face smeared in black dirt. She found her father, sitting at the table with a cup of tea, the steam wafting skywards, up towards his nose where he inhaled deeply as it disappeared into the air.
When we came home Larry asked for beef stroganoff for dinner, check. And his traditional German Chocolate cake, check. Then we did gifts.
I am way beyond just being annoyed with the current trend in retailing to extract as much personal data as possible from every victim crossing their thresholds.
5. Intellectually challenging cinema should be fun – the director makes use of split screens, slow motion, dream sequences, really complex camera moves, long single takes without cuts and much more besides to provides a truly mesmerising cinematic experiences along with a little sex and a bit more nudity and very little in the way of violence.
4. Tolerance The relationship between mother and daughter-in-law is like an active volcano in the Middle Marriage Kingdom. But the Shanghai husband’s legendary tolerance can single-handedly turn a lava flow into a pile of dead ashes, or a volcano to be enjoyed and admired like Mt. Fuji.For the Shanghainese husband, tolerance is a must. “Three-plywood” is a Shanghainese slang term used when a person is stuck between two parties. Being a good “three-plywood,” “four-plywood” or even “five-plywood” man is a serious obligation in Shanghai. The ultimate goal is to make the wife and mother-in-law happy and to unite the whole family.
Quarterly Updates - a great reference for what we will be doing and when we will meeting
I hope that you will give your child opportunities to take positive risks and to be responsible.
I'm telling you, people. The flies have it.
In short, the Obama administration conducted a program of mass murder for political purposes. Or, as President Obama put it to Sarah Brady, they were still pursuing a gun control agenda, but "under the radar." It is hard to conceive of a federal "law enforcement" program more evil from top to bottom than Operation Fast And Furious.
7. The owner of the yellow house smokes Dunhill
So he went with the Tories, as they have a nicer office, and we now have a coalition. What does this mean? Here goes:
FTP or Upload your zip file (example - ebook.zip) into your web server. You can also sign up for free web hosting. Go to search engine and type, "free website hosting."
We have the Queens Cup horse race tomorrow all day and then I have a bacheorette party Saturday night. Going to be a very long day but will be so so fun! I can't wait!
The thrill of seeing Amnesty introduce easy online petitioning has evaporated after reading this WebSense Security Labs report:
will give up.
Taylor worries about a proposed highway whose path would require the government to move the fence closer to her house. “We will be more shut in than ever before,” she said.
Right after lunch I would again stack the dishes in the sink and after putting the children down for their naps I would empty the washing machine and rinse tubs and wash them out and sweep all the water down the drain and then hurry outside to bring in any of the clothes that were already dry. By the time the children woke up most of the laundry was folded and put away except for the pile of ironing that needed to be done the next day and a few pants and rugs that were still drying.
Hello and happy Saturday my stamping friends! WOW, this week has just flown by and I have not had much creative time :C Maybe next week will be better!
A couple of weeks ago Eric was at my parents' house and we were watching hockey with my Dad. Out of the blue my Dad just came out and asked Eric if he would teach me to play the guitar. Yeah. My Dad can always be counted on to provide opportunities for embarrassment and humiliation. While I cringed in my chair and turned deeper and deeper shades of red, Eric actually got really excited about it. He asked me what kind of guitar I had and how long I had had it. He started planning my lessons right then and there.
“You should come back, you were good.”
Mick Mercer evidently had a change of heart however, describing them in Gothic Rock (Pegasus, 1991) as “Godawful pretentious bilge” which I always thought did Sleeping Dogs Wake material a terrible disservice.
The leading opposition party in South Africa is the Democratic Alliance (DA), which grew out of the anti-apartheid movement. The DA is a staunch critic of the ANC’s campaign against gun owners. Dianne Kohler Barnard, the DA’s spokeswoman on safety and security issues, rebuts the stolen-gun pretext for citizen gun bans. She points out that in 2008, the recovery rate for stolen guns was 106 percent—meaning that the police recovered more guns than were stolen, and cut into the pool of guns that had been stolen in previous years.
But back to diseases. Even rotating your crops will not prevent all diseases. If it is a wet year in New England you will have many diseases anyway. Some are just endemic to the area. You will have powdery mildew on your zucchini in the late summer to fall. It is just a given. There are a few ways to help keep diseases from running rampant. First make sure you don't crowd your plants too close together. For instance if your tomatoes are a solid mass of leaves, it would behoove you to prune some of the foliage out to keep the air flowing.
what does that even mean, anyway! the first leg! it sounds ridiculous!
Pattern: Leading Lady from Imagine
Your number this month - 9
Something else that will never see paint, my piano:
So I told them that yes they were quite right, I have no idea what it is like to be a teenager today but that that did not excuse their behaviour. That it rips me apart when I see them slowly tear each other to pieces, that I love them all dearly, and equally, and cannot bear to think that they do not feel the same way about each other.
Paper: Very vanilla (SU), natural white (Neenah), French Country Stack, gold (DCWV)
It will be on the procedures (of MACC interrogations). The inquest will look into Teoh’s death,
Warren used to claim (or allowed others to claim on her behalf) that she was of Native American descent. Which, she only got around to finding out for sure in the last day or so. At best, she’s 1/32nd Cherokee. Perhaps less. As her detractors began to note that maybe just perhaps diversity recruiting for Native Americans might wanna focus on someone with a more… direct connection to First Peoples, Warren simultaneously sought to build her Cherokee credentials, AND deny using them for advancement. After all, as soon as she was ensconced in Harvard Law School, those references to her aboriginal past ceased. Wouldn’t want to be tainted with the brand of an affirmative action hire. Further, past academic employers have been quick to note that she was hired on her merits, not her pedigree.
In sort, it's a fine read for the grown-up--not one that will necessarily knock the socks of the adult reader, but still a good one, and a most excellent one for its target audience!
Helpmeet: A misunderstanding of “help meet” which means an appropriate partner in marriage; in other words, the woman must be subservient to her husband.
So that we are well equipped
When you never walked in, and out you became, without a name, without
Looking back on the discussion of oscillating models of the universe, quantum cosmologist Christopher Isham muses,
12 kalamata olives, pitted and chopped
From the sky
sound of June rain
I’m mad at myself for not know what to do, for not knowing what is best for my daughters. O.K., so I do know what to do. I’m just don’t know how soon I can do it. And is that just another excuse?
Intern: I’m perfect. I never make mistakes. I’m so great.
Crafting hugs
If a man in Rawalpindi considers that women are worth half of a man, or that homosexuals should be executed, why would he think differently merely because he has moved to Rotherham?. If someone in Limpopo believes that medicine made with flesh cut from a live and screaming child will cure him of some ailment what is it about travelling to Liverpool that would change his mind? In the Congo, from where Eric Bikubi and Magalie Bamu originate children are routinely beaten within an inch of their lives and frequently tortured to death because people genuinely believe they are possessed by evil spirits and large numbers have now brought those beliefs to Britain, together with those practices.
Wet n Wild Natural Blend Pressed Powder (all shades) $2.49
So if substantive blog updates here at My Life, at 24 Frames Per Second are sparse in the next few weeks...well, that's why. But, of course, I will link you all to my House Next Door posts as soon as they go up.
If you have any questions about the challenge, pls don't hesitate to email us at berry71bleu@gmail.com.
2 tsp orange juice
-It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
The big thing that I have noticed between this beta and other or even demos is that things are actually buggy and you don’t really have to look hard to see things are off. Other betas I have been in, usually appear much more polished and have fewer bugs. It may bee that I did not get into those betas until later in the testing cycle. I am more inclined to think that those betas were being treated more like demos than betas. Several other people have mentioned this as well. One of the best write ups I have seen can be found here, although leaning more to getting beta access as a perk of pre-puchasing. http://www.manaobscura.com/2012/04/11/pre-purchase-for-beta/
With a maximum sentence of 14 years set, he will have to serve a minimum of 11 years and will be eligible for parole in seven years and eight months.
And most of all, I am eternally thankful for simply being me. Happy Thanksgiving, America!
Now I'm chilling in the hotel room before I get some dinner. Tomorrow I'm going to check out the beach (note from yesterday's beach observations: tattoos are not an improvement) and catch a show.
By Elizabeth Goldsmith Musser
Read the news alert and respond if you will. The CAF has a point but not for the reasons they state as being wronged by the USAF — like the British in the American Revolutionary War they lost, then lost again. I would offer honey instead of salt if I were the CAF with regard to this situation. Should this legislation go through there will be unintended consequences, as well, since there are always unintended consequences — so I would be reluctant to accept the amendment for that reason, not the emotional argument of the CAF.
THE KOOKS 10/28 9/13/08 @ 12 noon
When your having a rough morning, place your hand over your heart. Feel that? That’s called purpose. You’re alive for a reason. Don’t give up.
1tsp each cumin and coriander seeds tempered in a frying pan for a minute, then ground in a motar
Anyway, I'm feeling quite a bit better today, my appetite's slowly coming back, although I couldn't face anything more than toast right now. And that better change before Christmas. Hopefully I'm on the mend now; just feeling a bit tired, so not a full day at the computer today, I don't think. Back down to the sofa with the dog and a Christmas movie this afternoon, because we're hitting the shops for that last minute food shopping tomorrow, and that won't be for the faint hearted, I can tell you. I need to get me strength back up for that little outing!
Happy Papercrafting!
Now for the music of the week...
For others, discrimination provoked them to try to build a community of fathers:
I always have at least one project on my knitting needles. I am waiting for additional yarn to arrive for the "I Heart Aran" sweater that I'm working on - from the beautiful Tanis Fiber Arts wool that I purchased at Knitters' Frolic - of course, I ran out of wool and had to order some more just as I was finishing up the collar! While I'm waiting for my extra wool to come in the mail, I started a new project - the Ambleside Shawl. This is my first shawl and I found it while searching around Ravelry for a pattern for some new wool that I bought. I picked up a few skeins of Noro Cashmere Island in Colorway "B" - beautiful shades of blue, purple and green.
This is the criteria for schizoid personality disorder. As you’ll see there is scope within the list for a wide variety of personalities. Up until this point all I really knew about Jen was that she was serious, cerebral and not close to her dad who has just died; she is trapped in a loveless (although not entirely sexless) marriage, lives in a strange city she’s never made home and has a teenage daughter she can’t relate to. If I could’ve summarised her in a single word it would have been ‘numb’.
Aaron Beasley is quickly becoming one of my favorite bloggers. I can’t wait to see how he tops this line about Jadeveon Clowney: “He ragdolls opposing players to the ground in a humorously abusive manner.”
So I had to convert from a Paper Pickle group on facebook to a page, as the group was set to be archived and no longer available for you to use! So search "The Paper Pickle Company" on facebook and "like" my page. If you do, you will be entered into a draw which will take place at the Open House!!! Come on.....I know you like us!!!
The Devils on the other hand, nearly shot themselves in the foot against the Florida Panthers. New Jersey made that series closer than it needed to be. Rather than getting outplayed by Florida, New Jersey diverted a vast amount of playing time to visit the penalty box. But the Devils outplayed their mis-steps.
Billy agreed with me, he was hired in Banning when (they) went from one paid firefighter per shift to two. This was probably in the early '70s or so. Billy was also one of the guys who stayed on with Cal-Fire until he retired five or so years ago.
not like hair, in the air
Now, does Richard O'Brien's brainsick musical furnish this coating? Yes and no. Yeah, sure, it doesn't have the same oomph that other film he wrote and starred in had. But then again, that film's success seems based solely on hype and transsexual inquisitiveness. This particular enterprise, however, earns its bacon through sheer diligence.
a) Through Baptism
Good times, good times. (I think I’m overlooking whatever depression resulted in Grunge, but just as well. I’m focusing on the inflation that resulted in Britney Spears.)
The poacher was so effected that he ran around doing strange and unusual things in the time between inciting tiger rage/vengeance and returning home. He even told someone that a tiger was pissed at him. They said that he absolutely had to GTFO of the taiga since stories about vengeful tigers are legendary in multiple cultures of people inhabiting the region. Well he didn’t.
According to the Zoo website2008 saw the return to Blackpool Zoo of giraffes, a much requested species. Giraffes resided in the Elephant House in the early days of the Zoo, but were moved away when space was needed for Marcella and Indra, the two Asian elephants rescued from a bankrupt circus.
I need the flowers to open- the flowers that have been in tight bud, resistant to forces of wind and of rain for weeks. The flowers that add colour to the green of my garden. The promise is there, tantalising buds that just need to open...
Gregory: so you support Rush Limbaugh?
According to a new report from the United States General Accountability Office (GAO), the 19 percent decline in employment in the workforce that American Samoa has experienced since 2008 was in large part the result of imposing minimum hourly wages across various industries. … Official statistics may not tell the whole story. In a June 24 interview with Samoa News, Governor Togiola Tulafono of American Samoa said the GAO report “does not capture or convey the magnitude of the economic disaster that has befallen American Samoa.” For one thing, the current unemployment rate is fast approaching 25 percent.
In high school, I just wanted to fit in.
Dundalk 31/20 (Sporting Bet); Draw 11/5 (Paddy Power); UCD 9/4 (Bet365)
● THE REAL AGENDA: PRECEDENTS & EXPANSION BY GOVERNMENT
Population II teams Holden with Kak’s Chris Lockheed on an unparalleled study in guitar extremism, or the heaviest record you’ve never heard. Lockheed plays drums and keyboard (simultaneously!!) and Randy does the rest. Sixteen two-hundred watt Sunn amps and a 10-hour-per-day-every-day rehearsal schedule in an empty opera house- the only place big enough to handle the power- set the stage for one massive slab of Strat-fired bedlam (the Sunn getup didn’t do Randy’s Gibson justice, so he switched to Jimi’s axe of choice. Comparisons abound.) Holden takes up the story: “Chris first searched me out after Blue Cheer… So when he had a meeting with me, he said that he also played keyboards. And loving sensationalism as I do, I asked him, ‘Can you play both at once, drums and keyboards?’ He said, ‘Yeah.’ I thought okay, if this guy's got the confidence and the nerve to say that, he's gotta be able to do it. But it was really laborious for him... It was very numerical and mathematical and calculated. It was very difficult to do. And I realized that the job he faced sucked. To me, it would have been no fun at all. Because you're totally restricted. On one side you have to have this soft touch on keyboards, and the other side, you have to be slamming. So your personality’s divided right down the middle. It's amazing that he didn't overdose on schizophrenia.” Consequently, Population II has a slowed down feeling, almost leaden at times (and just about perfect for the emerging Quaalude generation.) And it’s unbelievably loud. Had it been given a proper offical release in 1970 instead of never (there have apparently been more than a few bootleg pressings over the years, and a questionable “legitimate” Swedish cd issuance), this album might be mentioned in the same breath as Black Sabbath’s first or Paranoid, instead of Bloodrock’s second or Kingdom Come.
… confused something good with something new!
2) Let’s Retire the Term “Slut” The term hurts women. Men use it to hurt women. Women use it to hurt women. We think it’s time to stop using it.
...one of her fictional friends found it a “difficult decision” but decided the procedure was the “best choice . . . for herself, her boyfriend, her family and her future.”
Another bootfair gem I got recently was the album Ode to John Law by scottish band Stone The Crows. I have to admit to being rather ignorant of this band having only seen a clip of them on an Old Grey Whistle Test rerun. But I liked what I heard and when I saw this LP of course I couldn't pass it up! I love that this you tube clip has a good crackle to it, there's nothing like listening to vinyl is there?!
Anyway, like I said, I worked four nights on and then had four nights off, so I used those four nights off to my advantage.
“What are you thinking, letting my daughter and your idiot nephew adopt one of our test subjects? Are you crazy?” Senator Marcus Dunbar couldn’t contain his fury at Frank’s decision. He pulled a handkerchief from his suit pocket and wiped at his shaved head, damp with sweat. “I told you before I didn’t want Serena involved in this. She’s fragile enough. Another loss and I don’t know what she’ll do.” He paced to the window and back, breathing loudly through flared nostrils. He’d gained seventy pounds or so around his middle in the last couple of years, and was a heart attack waiting to happen.
Evil Words thought very loudly in my head. Evil Heart Rate increase. WTHeck!?!? I had absolutely no idea why he was getting out to talk to me. The Spawn of Evil Joy were concerned Evil Joy was headed to jail.
Animals are always innocent. Humans almost never, and no more so when we presume to treat them unkindly and PS-we should learn to eat insects, as nature intended, and I will only accept your decision that it's gross after you've killed and skinned at least one of the mammals you've eaten, if ye be eating them, and told me it's less gross to kill and eat a squirrel than to fry some crunchy buttered grasshoppers. That our vampires are too squeamish to do what thousands of brave slaughterhouse workers, snakes, wolves and micro-livestock enthusiasts do everyday is just embarrassing, a sad offshoot of our see-no-evil carnivore guilt; even our vampires are of cowardly conscience made. At least in Germany.
” I was the school “artist” at my elementary school, drawing dinosaurs, hot rods and superheroes for the other kids. I became the cartoonist for my high school newspaper and then went on to study design and art in college. I was a window display artist at Macy’s for almost 10 years, where I met and married Carmela. She was a writer and I was an illustrator, and we were both very interested in children’s literature…so a book was bound to arrive sooner or later.”
I plan to implement an Embedded Hidden Markov Model based approach which gives better results that the current implementation based on Eigen Faces. Another characteristic of photos of an album is the social context of co-occurring people. When the faces are recognized individually, the unknown faces are clustered using their appearance as well as clustering of the unknown faces with the known faces on the basis of how often these faces appear together because the photos in album usually belong to a a strong social- context such as birthday parties, outing with friends etc. So this kind of approach will further improve the results of the usual face recognition algorithms that doesn’t use the social context of the album or photo.
Color: 10 HCU (~7 SRM)
We wrote a blog post earlier in the month on whether expats are more creative. This week we thought we’d touch upon the subject of whether expats are lonelier and how the expat community is working together to overcome some of the unique challenges the lifestyle presents.
Mass of Christmas with traditional products
This giveaway is open to anyone and everyone. Both pencils are from my collection so this giveaway is at my expense.
An official announcement is expected early next week.
Four years ago was a memorable day. I was literally shaken awake by an earthquake here in central Indiana. At the time, that was the most remarkable thing about April 18, 2008. In fact, it took me a few months to figure out that for our family, the earthquake was of little interest compared to the other event that happened the same day that rocked our world a LOT more than any old earthquake!
Indeed, people playing the Forward position often score goals, making it attractive to impressionable young people. Is it possible that Obama—long known for his ties to the game of basketball in particular—has chosen a slogan that will encourage youth to transfer their affections from sports to politics—from all-American competition to European-style class struggle?
Entangled Publishing’s editors just posted their Wish Lists for February. They’re still very open to submissions. Some highlights: Stacy Abrams would like to see “Adult who-done-it mystery with main character as an accidental sleuth” and “Adult romance with medical elements a la Grey’s Anatomy or Private Practice, but no cheesy doctors falling in love with their comatose patients!” Heather Howland would love “Gritty and sexy military/Special Ops romance similar to Lora Leigh’s Navy SEALs series.” Lori Wilde says “I’d love to see more holiday themed books.” and “I’m in the mood for a good friends-to-lovers story. But remember, we want those strong alpha heroes.” Alethea Spiridon-Hopson would love “A really tight series involving sexy, charismatic men.” Nina Bruhns longs for “A super-sexy thriller”, “A classic detective story with romance added” and “an historical suspense or mystery,” while Susan Meier wants “A small town with a really great cop.” Read all their wants (and dislikes) on the blog.
Today is the day we have been sooooo been waiting for - the gorgeous new Sylvia Zet images are being released by SCACD Stamps! There are EIGHT fantastic and utterly adorable images, all exclusive to SCACD Stamps in yummy red rubber, and they are all available NOW!!!
With president Barack Obama in a dead heat with the GOP hopeful, the influential Israeli daily Ha’aretz has buzzed up Romney’s claim that Iran will get nuclear weapons if Obama is re-elected. Dilma continues to support Iran’s development of what Brasilia characterizes as a peaceful nuclear program.
Start a large pot of salted water on the stove to boil. When it is ready, add the cabbage leaves and blanch them until they are soft, about two to three minutes. While you are doing this, start the oven to preheating to 350 degrees. When the cabbage leaves are done, remove them from the water and place in a colander to drain.
Yes, it is compulsory to wear a cycling helmet.
flower button
I didn't reply, and that was the last I heard from Mr. Wentworth. Or...was it?
Hope you'll have a wonderful Saurday too, hugs Karin
I see looking back at me
In 2008 Boehr performed Dandini in La Cenerentola with both Austin Lyric Opera and Opera Fairbanks. He is currently working with the New York City Opera, covering the title role in Don Giovanni, and in 2010 will be performing the role of Tapioca in the Austin Lyric Opera production of L'Étoile.
Joseph Ryan Allen, 39, New York, N.Y.
RULE EIGHT: Don't try to create and analyze at the same time. They're different procedures.That's a nice one that should keep the work flowing and help me to avoid being judgmental during the process. Cage sums up the list with a final hint:
Fortunately, what I'm working on this week is refacing cabinetry. So, my car is currently loaded down with every cabinet door from the house! As soon as the veneer comes in, I'll post pics on the process and show you (hopefully - if all goes as planned) a quick and cheap update for old cabinets.
I know, its a tough world out there. The secret to succeeding isn't stepping on someone to get to the top.
With a mixer, combine peanut butter and margrine; beat until smooth. Add sugar and flour; mix well. Add 2 eggs; blend well.
Today, however, I had drawn a line in the sand. In fact, to get my courage up, I had etched a shallow furrow in the island's rocky grit with one big toe. Symbolic, I told myself. Time to take a stand, for the good of your relationship and the cause of fairness. Never mind the fact that it's easier to stand up to her when you've already had an athletic bout of morning sex already, and three helpings of cheap, plastic-bottle ouzo shortly thereafter.
The New Testament has been translated into Pidgin, so almost everyone in Hawaii can understand it, Here is the Lord’s Prayer in Pidgin:
Do you like these? Would you like me to create more using different words? Let me know by leaving me a comment below.
-Rookie CB Curtis Marsh looks like a player. When drafted, it was said he was “raw, and needed some more time to learn the CB position”, but with his 6’0″ 197lb frame and play today, he looks like he can be a dime back for them this year. He impressed me more than Hanson and Trevard Lindley today.
The Olive Garden
Stuffy academia surrounded by the lush greenery of nature has to be a metaphor for something. However, since I have no idea what that metaphor might be, I'll try to focus on what I do best: Describe, in intricate detail, the sensuous softness that are Mischa Barton's adolescent knees. Oh, to be kneed squarely in the groin by Mischa Barton in the summertime, what alabaster bliss that would bring. One minute you're enjoying a frozen treat by the ferris wheel, and then all of a sudden, blamo! Her exquisitely shaped knee is plowing its way across the sensitive peaks and valleys of your vast genital infrastructure with the ferocity of an out of control jackhammer. (Okay, can I stop you there for a second? Yeah, hi, while I'm digging all this knee to the crotch talk, I was wondering when you're going to get to the film at hand?) Whatever. Not to generalize, but when it comes to celebrating the female form on-screen, I find most attempts by male directors to be crass and uncouth. On the other hand, of course, continuing not to generalize, female directors, whether its intentional or not, seem to understand allure of the womanly form much better than their male counterparts.
Behind, the terraced sides of a mountain, abrupt, in places rising
Why? My hubby and I just don’t get enough time alone.
AND, if you have any suggestions for me, please! I would LOVE your feedback!
Gemma's character is very attuned to nature; she is drawn to the sea, and her most precious possession is a book from her uncle, Birds of the World. I don't remember if Charlotte Bronte included so much natural description (it's been awhile since I read Jane Eyre), but the view of nature seen through Gemma's eyes is a delightful addition to Livesey's novel. If I have one criticism of the book, it is that Mr. Sinclair's dark secret, the revelation that drives Gemma away, seems rather weak. Granted, I wasn't expecting a mad wife hidden on the third floor of Blackbird House, but I did expect something a little more dramatic than what is revealed.
Petro and I were having one of our great phone calls that occurs every few weeks. In both mentioning the frustrations of others’ advice on things they know nothing of, or of people’s meddling in our lives, she jumped out with, “I really want to say to people- “Take your ‘should’- and SHOVE IT”! She continued, saying, “The problem with that word is it means you are most likely looking at something you didn’t do. And whose standards are those based on? It’s a way to feel guilty- and that is not motivating!”.
Here's the other:
That being said, of course, I do understand why people made such a big fuss – the way I see it, respect is a huge part of Chinese culture, and most of the community (or those who are offended by the word, in any case) don’t believe that authorities take it as seriously as they should (as opposed to the use of the n-word, for example).
Individual cereal Boxes
9) The Old Testament Prophets foretold the resurrection of Christ. 1 Corinthians 15:4. Psalm 16:8-10. They foretold the time of Jacob’s trouble, Israel’s “tribulation.” Jeremiah 30:7. Luke 21:11. They prophesied “the tree” (Calvary), “the tribulation”, “the throne”, and “Gentile salvation.” In Abraham’s seed all nations would be blessed. Note what these Scriptures foresaw when Abram was justified. Galatians 3:8.
From WWWAAAAAHHHHHH to WHOOO HOOOO!
Celebration Ale 6.0%. Another offering from Black Sheep; not a company noted for the brewing of dark ales. This 6.0% rich dark winter warmer certainly hits the mark on a cold, mid-April evening. Described as "a dark, velvety stout with a complex chocolate and spice finish. Beautifully balanced with sweet raisin notes.", it is still currently on offer at three bottles for just £5.00.
So how is it that this jackass is now leading the Republican primary field? Simple. The guy talks straight, I'll give him that, and these conservative voters like that, regardless of what he's actually saying. Herman Cain had overwhelming positive numbers, and his star was on the rise, until Republican primary voters actually started paying attention to the substance of his 9-9-9 plan, and the implications of his policies (there were a few, I think, but few and far between) - not to mention the sexual harassment and infidelity issues.
Peace, harmony, love, and increased happiness.
Two of us had lost our dads, so that became something that was associated with the in crowd, and the other girl then had to deal with our inappropriate death humor for the rest of the day. It's the kind of stuff you can mock when it's you, like "look how fat my fat, fat ass is today," but should someone else say it, you want to make meatloaf out of her face. I'm not sure how it happened, but poor Aimee had to endure us making jokes about her living father, which over the course of the hot day dissolved into jokes about us, her dad, and dirty, sweaty sex. We're so evolved.
Let’s take it as a reasonable assumption that no dark horse candidate will enter the fray (I mean, isn’t Kucinich dark enough??) So let’s have some fun: I’m going to take each candidate separately, but let’s start with something basic: who do you like, who do you not like, and (of course) why?
Families never crumble in a day
Three layers later, the colour is a much richer, more sparkly burgundy, but I'm still not seeing that golden shimmer I expected.
4) In casting your vote you are saying that the system itself is okay its just the people in the system who need to change. By casting your vote you are unconsciously saying; yes democracy and government work, when clearly just by opening a newspaper you can tell that they do not. Switching who we have in power over our systems never leads to real change or reform, its like spotting a problem with the engine and changing the driver. Most of us get a strong feeling that the system of market capitalism (which is propped up by nearly all western democracies) does not work, picking a new guy to be in charge of that system wont help. This is especially true of the London mayor who has to be always on the side of business in order to keep the capital running.
It also means that the abortion industry is profiting from the sale of vaccines which contain their by-products. Whilst this author understands that there are heartbreaking circumstances that lead a woman to termination, and most people don’t make this decision lightly, an industry such as this should never be allowed to profit from the destruction of human life. They may argue that they still use the same cell lines, but foetal tissue is still widely used in bio-medical research even today, and new vaccine cell lines are being developed.
Tony, a data analyst for a major casino, is working after normal business hours to finish an important project. He realizes that he is missing data that had been sent to his coworker Robert.Tony had inadvertently observed Robert typing his password several days ago and decides to log into Robert’s computer and resend the data to himself. Upon doing so, Tony sees an open email regarding gambling bets Robert placed over the last several days with a local sports book. All employees of the casino are forbidden to engage in gambling activities to avoid any hint of conflict of interest.
On Thursday, ADF attorneys sent a letter to the commission, saying “Hands On Originals” has often turned down business that doesn’t reflect its owners’ moral values and religious convictions — including “orders promoting strip clubs, containing lewd and vulgar content, or depicting curse words.”
The first man then asks: "Where are you from?"
Researcher Matthew Walker explains:
Meanwhile, it's Memorial Day here in the U.S., one of those days when I'm confronted with my own ignorance. We're to commemorate U.S. soldiers who died while serving in the military. I feel I should do something, without knowing quite what that something is. Hang an American flag off my porch and pretend a depth of feeling toward the wars that isn't there? Donate to organizations which help veterans? Heaven knows there's going to be a fresh crop with brain injuries and such.
He talks about a number of other things too: in particular, outside the class, he's very scathing about the DJing in Buenos Aires. A pity we can't get him to DJ an evening in London.
2) Character: Captain It is my villain and sie’s trans. Well not really. Sie’s sort of the opposite of trans. More transgressive than transgendered. I know I’m supposed to be infinitely compassionate for everyone pushed into the same boat as me, but I’m as factionated as anyone else. You wouldn’t believe the flame wars we used to have back in the 90′s on alt.support.srs and soc.support.transgender. This identity versus that. This belief versus that. This habit versus that. The newsgroups are where I learned the rules of internet engagement. Godwin’s law. Ad hominem attacks. The truth that the only way you know you’ve won is that the other side finally shuts up.
Well-hung good-looking hot bottoms for
Would I rather be nursing a heart-healthy Lincoln at my breast? Of course. But our family has been chosen to take a different path.
See You in the City, friends!
Wilde (1972) reports that the victim of a slow loris bite immediately succumbs to anaphylactic shock (extreme allergic reaction) followed by hematuria. In spite of that, the victim fully recovered. There is no clinical evidence of toxic substances in slow loris saliva to support the notion that they are venomous (Wilde, 1972).
Several years ago, I read something Sandra Dodd wrote about things she did to make her dog more comfortable. She didn't say she was unschooling her dog, but somehow hearing the changes she was willing—no, happy—to make, to her home and routine and the arrangement of her furniture, in order to meet her dog's needs and make her dog happy really helped me see what the unschooling lifestyle is all about.
And happy we died once more;
However do not spend too much time hovering around the coast because the interior is the best part of Bohol. Again take a tricycle to the Loboc River and then get into a boat and tell them you want to go to Nuts Huts. The boat ride will last less than fifteen minutes. The morning before you set off for Nuts Huts–just call (0063) 0920 846 1559. You can also call a week or two in advance, but they will always ask you to call early the day of your arrival. The owners of the tree house resort are very friendly! One of the couples met while teaching English in China. They are knowledgeable about travel and know how to give good advice to their guests. The wife inspires a lot of the meals. The food is fantastic! There are lots of vegetarian options as well. Nuts Huts is surrounded in trees and most days you will feel like you live in the jungle. Loboc River just got electricity three and a half years ago. The people that stay at Nuts Huts are from around the world and it is nice to just grab a meal and swap travel stories. The things to see and do at Nuts Huts are as follows:
The leader of the fast-rising Party ‘Independent Greeks’ told Skai TV that Greece must reject the terms of the new bailout it agreed with the IMF, the European Central Bank and the European Commission in February. He added that Greece’s new bonds written under UK law would lead to public and private Greek assets being seized as and when things go pear-shaped.
my prowler, my Kári, and corry-roe.”
Here's a sneak peek before I show you how I did it...
As I stated before, I have seen all these films(minus Red State) while Liz has seen only a few of them. So it was with great pleasure, and only a slight bit of trepidation, that I slid in my old DVD of Clerks for us to begin this odd experiment. The only thoughts I truly had entering into the viewing were that A) I hadn’t watched this film in a couple of years but was pretty sure that I could quote it line by line if I needed to and B) I hope that the humor holds up for Liz.
In his hands.
In fairy tales,
Candidate: LuAnne Thompson
I do not want to go forth into battle unprepared.
In August 2003, our son was getting married at Lake Tahoe in California, so we decided to do a round the world trip, incorporating Mum-in-law’s 90th birthday in England and then just carrying on round until we eventually arrived home almost two months later. It was a truly wonderful experience and as you can imagine, we visited some amazing and interesting places. Our journey took us from South Africa to London and then on to Rio de Janeiro. From there we flew to La Paz in Bolivia and then crossed Lake Titicaca into Peru. We then travelled by road to Cuzco in south-eastern Peru from where we had a very early morning start for our four-hour train ride to the town of Aguas Calientes, the gateway village to Machu Picchu.
It also introduced new email security features as part of its cloud security solutions to deal with the rising number of targeted attacks companies have seen more recently.
Tom Selleck (Christopher Columbus: the Discovery)
Welcome to our home! You would not know it was December by the way the sun is shining in the pictures, it looks warm and sunny but I think the temp was in the high 30's.
We take turns reading, hubby and I.
The comic book character the Phantom was created by Lee Falk in 1936.
JUST DO SOMETHING.
The mash pH was a little high, but otherwise the figures look acceptable. I'll be interested to see how this beer fares once it's bottled and conditioned. In the meantime, I'm looking to brew again next week and I'll endeavour to get the readings for the mash and the liquor a little lower.
So, back to Monday night.
Chrys., non occ., ap. Chrys.: He calls the Prophets servants, who as the Lord’s Priests offer the fruits of the people, and the proofs of their obedience in their works. But they shewed their wickedness not only in refusing the fruits, but in having indignation against those that come to them, as it follows, “And the husbandmen took his servants, and beat one, and killed another, and stoned another.”
“Cheap publicity stunt. I don’t even know that singer. First I thought she’s Tanya but not. LOL.”
Gold-pressed latinum.
Exodus 32:7-8
balsamic vinaigrette
I got so scared and I never got to say goodbye and feel like I failed him.
So,when we opened our own business we made a promise to each other that we would never compromise or send any food which didn't meet our required standard or more importantly that we wouldn't eat ourselves.
If here followeth in this book some certain articles of the holy ministry, and of the offices of the Church, fully agreed upon by Matthew Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England, and Metropolitan, and all other Bishops of the same Province, which were partly present in person, and partly subscribed by the hands of their Proctors, in a Synod begun at London in the Church of S. Paul the third day of April. 1571.
That changed when President Obama took office. He and PM Stephen Harper never quite hit it off that well anyway, partly because President Obama's policies on Afghanistan where Canadian troops are in combat and partly because of disagreements on Israel, a country PM Harper is a great supporter of.
What I miss: I want to say that I miss feeling thin, but I’m scared that will come across the wrong way. I love growing a child, but I do admit that it’s hard to see your body gain weight in such weird places and not really be able to do anything about it. It’s totally worth it, but I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t hard sometimes.
4. The Experience.
Man Ray (5 gelatin silver prints, 4 photogravures, 1 book and 1 film, 1922, 1923, 1924, 1927, 1931)
Publisher: Red Jumper Studio
I hereby announce the opening of the Black Jelly Bean Rescue Society (BJBRS - pronounced "bee-jee-bers). My Easter basket is open as a repository for all the unwanted, unloved, black licorice-flavored pellets.
An' oh that blowfish blow
Resist The Heart Sink
Before you say something about the PSI being named wrong, please take into account that sapphires are not strictly blue: yellow and green sapphires are a common occurrence, and pink, orange, and even brown sapphires exist. /the more you know
In Matthew 21:13, Mark 11:17 and Luke 19:46, Jesus quotes the prophet Isaiah, saying: ‘My house will be called a house of prayer for all nations’ (Isaiah 56:7). The Apostle Peter talks about how we, the people of God, ‘like living stones, are being built into a spiritual house to be a holy priesthood, offering spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God through Jesus Christ’. If we, the gathered and dispersed Church, can be considered His House, then we are described by Jesus as ‘a house of prayer for all nations’.
On Caheunga Blvd. 1/2 block north of Chandler on the right.
I thought if I could touch this place or feel it
I can struggle against what I don’t have
1) Be or Become a GFC of Bookish Delights.
Full Sail Brewing Company / Tasting Room and Pub Grandsun Of Spot (Brewmaster Reserve 2009)
I was so hard on you, that you became hard inside, so negligent about you that you became ill and weak.
After our bbq, we had to move because another family was reserved for the spot. I've noticed that Japan often has reserved areas for these types of things, which is good because you can't hog the place for the whole day.
The first program for “the rival party” differed greatly. It consisted of only five pieces: a symphony, two concerti, and two overtures. The overture to Medea may have been a Boston premiere; Beethoven’s Concerto No. 4 certainly was. “A purer and a richer programme never was presented to an American audience,” commented Dwight. Beethoven’s Seventh Symphony and the Mendelssohn Violin Concerto, performed by Wilhelm Schultze, were particularly well done. The next two “classical” concerts followed a similar format: each one featured an entire symphony, a piano concerto, and one or two overtures. Of the sixteen selections total, only one, an aria from Der Freischütz, required a vocalist. With the exception of Cherubini’s Overture, the programs consisted entirely of German and Austrian composers. Beethoven and Mendelssohn account for five selections each, or nearly two-thirds of the repertory. Two works each by Mozart and Weber, and one by Schumann, made up the remainder.
And then drained and set a side
Bit of a story to this one - I bought the pattern in August last year but it was only when I opened it to make for the first time this February that I realised there were pieces missing - aargh! I was able to buy another on eBay in my size, luckily, but it took a month to arrive, as the seller was away. I received it last weekend, and honestly, with the unseasonably warm weather, the last thing I feel like making is a lined, wool pencil skirt! I'm going to put it on hold til Autumn.
I tell him blue and yellow and this time remember the magic. He messes with the tangle of rubber worms and picks the ones he needs.
So this is me dusting myself off the non-reading ground, and maybe sending books overseas again! Visit Bookmooch to know how much fun it is.
In addition to their commercial success, Rush has also been recognized with a number of Juno Awards and multiple Grammy nominations, including one for the acclaimed documentary “Rush: Beyond The Lighted Stage”. Enjoying a recent pop culture renaissance, Rush made a rare television appearance - their first in over 30 years - on Comedy Central’s “The Colbert Report” and a memorable cameo in the film “I Love You, Man.” A career-chronicling Rolling Stone feature summed up the renowned rock trio’s continuing artistic vitality by observing, “It’s true that Rush doesn’t mean today what it did in ’76 or even ’96. It may mean more.”
Knowing that the woman he had imposed himself upon was HIV positive and that he had not used a condom, Zuma took a postcoital shower, believing that would protect him against the virus.
We love you George and we are so proud of you.
It makes a fab quick lunch, or you could have it as a no fuss tea/supper. May I suggest for the supper option you add in some sweet potato fries (recipe coming soon) or a big hearty salad packed with leafy greens and asparagus?
Stamps in background from Autumn Leaves and Pink Paislee.
· WETA- Hometown Heroes, 1999
I fucking HATE running.
*I like home and decorating project to be:
Notice all the orbs, which are fairies or spirits!
1.Mozart’s Requiem – I. Introitus-Requiem aeternam
It looks as if Mr Watson has not followed LPW’s advice from last August “However, we can be absolutely clear that Tom Watson MP is quite wrong in law to suggest that the absence of these emails by itself makes the case’s outcome fundamentally questionable. Watson may hold that view, but the High Court of Justiciary certainly won’t sympathise.”
9:08 a.m. — I have decided to go with the AB clone. Here is the recipe as I am going to make it:
Anyway, I made her some Minnie Mouse cupcakes ~ (I just checked out google images for inspiration)
Down the aisle of our existence.
I'm thrilled to tell you that we now have four painted walls, as well as most of tile floor laid. Since the whole process of rebuilding a room is not terribly exciting, this is mostly an informational post. I'm jam-packing it with how to's since I was clueless on how to hang dry wall. Though I'm still no expert, I am much more adept at the process and hope that our adventures (and mis-adventures) can help at least one other person.
I can't really remember whether anything I did in London had consequence or not to be honest. If it involved more than a cute story or too, I'd have felt it by now. Sure, I had to vote from the Gothic weirdness of the Andaz hotel, trying to convince a camp Arab guy from reception that it was possible to fax Tasmania and yes it was a real place, but there was a faint air of dis-satisfaction that gnawed at me all weekend. Even at somewhere as grandiose as the Tower of London, I was more distracted by a noisy group of Bosnians than any rich and rewarding conversation. I felt fitful. It's hard to explain, and yet at the same time it's very easy. There's a girl I used to like, and every time I have drinks I espouse her name as if I'm going to do something about, even though the ship has not just sailed, but it's been sunk, retrieved, and then sunk again once it's been fossicked for scrap metal and historical purposes. And yes, when I'm drunk, it comes up again...I wish I could stop. There's a Japanese guy at the Tower of London - he's part of a crew of strange orange jacket wearing Japanese people, clad in the same garment, muttering around the edges of the Yeoman Warders speech about Anne Boleyn. I know I'm at least in 1ne of his photos because he apologized, shooting over his shoulder to take his girlfriend standing in front of a big spear while I shuffled around in the background in a Bangles T-shirt trying to not giggle at one amusingly named torture implement. And all weekend I weighed up in my mind whether, when he prints that picture, I'm smiling because of the amusingly named torture implement or frowning because through a hangover haze I realise I've just talked the same rubbish I always talk and must be a crashing bore after all this time. I guess I'll never know unless I accidentally find myself on a Japanese Facebook page, pondering why I had that expression on my face. The Noisy Bosnians have a much better, less stressful, more youthful day than I had. They neither drank mulled wine nor had any kind of angst. In fact, such was their joi de vivre, I imagine that it was all forced somehow, a strange contrast to my own sulkiness. As it happened, my mood was picked up somewhat by a Japanese girl and a Pret A Manger sandwich, but that's possibly too boring a story to expand...I think in her picture, I'm smiling? Can't be sure...
I really want to be eating something very very spicy and a touch sweet right now. The thought of Thai food makes me mouth water so much I think I might need to wear a bib.
After somehow managing to get out of bed, I found a little bug in my bathtub and a tiny spider in my sink. Because I refuse to kill anything, I spent a couple minutes coaxing the critters to climb onto pieces of paper so I could take them outside. That left less than half an hour to shower and eat before rushing out to start the commute to school.
Rhubarb
A boat moored at Martha Cove marina on the Mornington Peninsula displayed this rather odd sign.
NP and views out of the NP. The proposal would introduce a significant element of built
There's no easy way to get to Marshall from Austin. We didn't get on the road until 3pm and the drive took about five and a half hours. We had middling Tex-Mex at a place called The Jalapeño Tree and had to join a "club" to drink beer. I'll have to add "Jalapeño Tree Club" to my résumé when I get home tomorrow night.
The report not only identifies why manufacturing matters, but also outlines which kinds of manufacturing jobs have the greatest potential of growth. The report outlines policy goals it believes will strengthen our manufacturing sector. I would like to focus on the four important reasons why manufacturing is important;
I cannot go on like this
urge you, without the least idea what is our destination,
Impatience, as Pat only knows too well, is one of my greatest flaws. So I just hurriedly gutted through the whole thing as fast as I could. Unfortunately, such project takes patience, time, and finesse.
Sustain NYC’s role as
Hope to hear from you – regards, Phil.
You can free the world you can free my mind
So while the end of the film suggests this unknown assailant was very meticulous about not getting caught, he seemed to do a lot of things on the fly while out at the ATM. Things that were clearly unplanned and severely risked him being caught. He/She didn't know the inside camera would be destroyed at the time it was. So now I wonder what the hell his/her real intentions were? At some points in the movie, he was trying to break in from the back. To do what? Snag them from behind? Steal from the ATM's? Did this guy's plan backfire? Was he trying to get them to off each other? I mean, this is the main plot point of the film but it's never clearly explained.
A brief break between five minute overtime halves, and the players are back.
“Oh, I think I could,” I say. “If I really, really tried.”
Last summer, I was honoured to be a bridesmaid for my good friend Lauren. Not only did I get to partake in the planning and celebration of two people perfect for each other tying the knot, I was also asked to bring desserts to both of Lauren's wedding showers. For her first shower, I got to make her some gorgeous purple cupcakes which you can take a glance at in the second half of this post.
with our anniversary only a few months away... I know exactly what we both need...
Thanks for all of your love and support – we love you!
Let me just say (without exaggerating), that this was the best pasta pesto I have ever had. The quality of all the ingredients were so good that it just couldn't go wrong.
The fat church bell rings and it sounds like pot-bellied pregnancy.
+5 putting my Perception widget (see it on the right) on your blog
Here’s how it works ( my own personal paraphrased version): You sign up on the site (see above link), and set up an account. It’s 100% free, as it is run as a non-profit. Once you’ve signed up, you are now pledging to crack down in the month of November, and write something, anything, that eventually turns into some sort of vague thing resembling a novel by the end of the month. To become fully immersed in Baty’s philosophy, and get some good pointers on accomplishing such a task, check out Baty’s book, “No Plot, No Problem” : http://www.amazon.com/No-Plot-Problem-Low-Stress-High-Velocity/dp/0811845052/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1314577613&sr=1-1
I love you Aidan Christopher and I love you Lucas Alexander.
At 50 minutes past 4, with all the above looking distinctly unlikely, SURROUNDED by more photocopies than I ever want to see again and with my stress levels elevated to somewhere near Jupiter, I got a phone call. "Hi lovely, how are you?" For a clever man, Mr PBBB sometimes astonishes me. "Anyway," he continued quickly, as he heard my large and dangerous intake of breath, "I've got good news which you might think is also bad news but it really isn't." At this point, all bets about him winning ANYTHING writerly were off. "What?" I snapped. He replied "The deadline's been put back til next Wednesday."
Cholesterol 0.0 mg
- Martha Graham
Now for some happier thoughts...
Kali said:
* Stop printing money/bring our debt down so inflation does not keep spiraling out of sight.
What did that mean?
One of you commented on how the left column can affect search engine ranking compared to the classic minima where the blog posts are on the left. This is true - that it has an impact, but your blog posts will still be indexed. I have been experimenting and you can see this experiment in action on the Gardening Blog as both sidebars are on the right. I haven't noticed a huge difference (as I have transitioned several blogs from 2 column with right sidebar to 3 columns with sidebar on each side without signifigant impact). However I do recommend keeping the left sidebar short and placing less relevant keyword widgets on the right.
So, that means that you will have a total of five chances to win
Here's the rub. Cornell has so many applicants every year, that they can pick and choose who they want. They are under no pressure to choose anyone at all. They don't need Jordan, but he needs them. And Jordan isn't rich. He has no "connections".
So the other day I was super busy. Which resulted in me being in town at about 7:00 with no supper eaten.
It might start to sound at this point like I'm not all that fond of Christianity, and that would be accurate. To be honest, I'm not all that fond of any organized religion. But as with everything I'm less than fond of, I try to keep things pointed squarely at the big guys: I have a problem with schools, not those who attend them. Similarly, I don't like the institution of religion, but that doesn't mean I dislike the followers of a religion.
Book your ticket from New York/Newark to Buenos Aires between March 20, 2012 – July 31, 2012 for travel April 9, 2012 – July 31, 2012 and you’ll earn double miles. Double miles are unlimited.
The workshop was facilitated by ASSIST Partnerships and Network Management Director Kamesh Ganeson and Triyono Adiputra. Ganeson is a sought-after expert on Enterprise Risk Management, Energy Management Systems, Six Sigma Implementation, Business Continuity Management, Strategic Business Planning, Balanced Scorecard Implementation, Innovative Problem Solving and Decision Making (TRIZ, Theory of Constraints, 8D, K-T), Business Process Re-engineering, Value Analysis & Engineering, and Complaints Management. Meanwhile, Mr. Adiputra is a lead consultant for several Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) projects in Indonesia, and has a master’s degree in Environmental Management.
1. The Dying of the trees, By Charles E. Little, Penguin Books-1995.
However, in other accounts, Re’s companions and even the dead themselves, who could transform themselves into a form of the god, Shu, were involved in this cyclical battle for the survival of creation and order. Most notably, in the Book of Gates, Isis, Neith and Serket, together with other minor deities and some forms of monkey helped capture the monster with magical nets. Afterwards, he was restrained by deities including the earth god Geb and the sons of Horus, who cut his body into pieces, though each night he is revived to attack once more. In fact, in some myths, the sun god is encircled or swallowed by the serpent who later disgorges him as a metaphor of rebirth and renewal.
Tuesday's Tale will follow - once I've written something down :)
Then there are the rest of us. . .who usually have very little idea of what the end result will be when they sit down at their craft desk. A piece here, no there, wait over there . . and over time it comes together. What I want to share with you (those of you who are camped over with the "rest of us," that is!) is a little trick I've found that helps me not only make decisions about where things should go, but helps me remember where all the parts go when assembling a detailed, multi-layer project.
When people talk about the bully and where they reside, what they do, how the victim is harmed, people will stop going there and hopefully the bullies will learn EVERYONE NOW LIVES IN A GLOBAL ECONOMY.
We had several rain showers again today. These are some of the rain drops on the branches of the budding Purple Sand Cherry. Do you see that rain drop furthest to the right in the middle of the photograph? If you get closer, you can see what it is reflecting. Here, let me crop that for you:
Shadow Stalker groaned, “Fuck off! It’s me.”
Classification – Burton Blond Ale
A mother who put the needs
We ventured up to the show after a bit and rightly ended up inside Tiger Sushi. I had seen that they had a sign advertising some nice specials (drink specials) and so we sidled up the bar for more conversation and drinks. At this point, I should mention that they ordered sushi (which I despise) and that I had not eaten a very large lunch, and after working out in the morning, it was more than likely already absorbed by my body. Therefore, I was basically drinking on an empty stomach.
_____I never re post, first of all because I'm too lazy to copy and paste, secondly because I'm too busy flying my spy plane over your house in the hopes you'll say something witty and clever that I can use as a status.
"I say we're fucked because we are fucked. I am honest, brutally to be precise, as you have mentioned and this is the way I've always been. There's no point in wrapping up a shite in icing. It's still a shite. This is what society sees on a daily basis from the MSM, icing covered shit and naked emperors, not forgetting Wizards of Oz, while the man behind the curtain gets on with his manipulating.
Twilight Harbinger – Glory of the Dragon Soul Raider
let me give my life to you
A-E, of course, stand for the various men I could feel I needed to let go of. Either those for whom I had remnants of feeling but who I had been told would never let it return, those like George, for whom I kept questions that may never be answered, and those who had hurt me the most in this strange journey we call life. I tucked the paper under a rock perched under the tree, ensured it was secure, kissed it goodbye and traveled on.
It's about time, right! Sorry. The problem is not actually the fact that the twins have started crawling at lightning speed around the house - they have - nor that they love to pull everything in sight off of shelves and out of drawers - they do - nor is it a sleeping problem, because they are now happily sleeping from 7:30pm or so till 5-something am. Yahoo! (Except that 3 minutes after writing that sentence last night, they both woke up screaming and cried inconsolably for an hour.)
Which leaves, one little woman in NYC
His faced changed just then. His red cheeks got redder and and I swear his hair stood up even taller.
Just to put a bit more joy and perhaps a bit of laughter into your day, I recently found this list of old time church songs and how they compare to various occupations and things we do in daily life. Hope you enjoy them as well.
Oh, and yeah, I won third place in that competition. *wink*
The show, which I went into with basically no expectations of, was something that I will definitely be back to see. Not since Wicked (which I have seen 20+ times) has there been a show that I have walked out of, wanting to go back, and to take people with me to introduce them to the amazingness that is this show.
Many of these people seem to be keen on classical music, where they are on pretty safe ground since as we know, all classical music is ‘wonderful’, and it ticks the required boxes of ‘cleverness’ and ‘difficult to play’ very nicely. They sit in raptures over complex and intricate violin and piano virtuoso pieces, the performer of which has obviously spent hours, days, months, and years, working their poor fingers to the bone just for our listening pleasure… Oh, so, so, satisfying…
It was taken almost exactly one year ago on one of the twice yearly crafting-in-a-cottage trips I go on with friends. This particular time the theme was 'Alice in Wonderland' and, unbeknown to any of us, one friend crammed these costumes into the back of her car for us to have great fun squeezing into:
That night I decided to take a warm shower. I wanted to wash away the emptiness. Steam spread quickly through the bathroom. I glanced at myself in the mirror before stepping into the tub. My improved exercise habits had taken my body from frumpy to fit. Crescent moon pecs, a flat , tight stomach, and veins rippling down each bicep. I had molded body into society’s typical sex object. Yet here I remained untouched. My improved romantic habits had not taken me to a relationship. Fog blanketed the mirror now, concealing the reflection of myself. Strangely, in this moment alone, I felt calm. I had a handle on my emotions.
And if that piece of mind won’t stay
David Fox
Not so long ago, getting your wife a mink coat was tantamount to a diamond ring. It was expensive and showy - a status symbol not unlike dad's Cadillac. Then, somewhere along the way, an awareness about the animals used to make it started to erode its place at the top. Eventually, this awareness turned into aggression and multi-million dollar campaigns against it. The fur coat as a symbol of elegance and pride was thhhhrpt (fart noise).
and I was just not happy with the way it turned out.
Kerron Stewart (JAM) used a similar surge midrace to overtake the blitz start of countrywoman and Olympic champion Shelly Ann Fraser. With her win she replace Fraser as world leader and solidified her early season performances as she lead the world for the majority of the spring. In other Rome action:
Once the remaining eggs have soaked for a bit, pick up each egg and wash them gently with a soft sponge.
I am grateful…
On a farm growing flowers,
The VIDEOS that follow are of the speakers: Robert Spencer of Jihad Watch, Pamela Geller of Atlas Shrugs, Nonie Darwish, Former Muslims United and Simon Deng, a Sudanese Refugee and the 3 Part Q and A, will be more powerful than anything else I can say...
- Selling magazine subscriptions or six-packs of Kool Aid can get you on the guest list
If I touch anything metal (or often just another person) it gives me a painful electric jolt.It's the kind of electric shock that makes you fearful to open the dairy case to get out a container of fat-free half-n-half. The kind that makes people glare at you if they touch your hand on accident. The kind that makes you fear the self check-out stand...and the grocery carts.
Ahhh well, back to daydreaming for me xx
A Light Green Pearl Pen (Viva Decor) is used for the trim around the bodice. I let this dry for a few hours before resuming the card. One can choose to add this after the card has been assembled. I just like to do things the hard way ! LOL
The palm tree has six character traits…
Three or four pints later I went home, grabbed Farty Dog and went for a nice long walk through the beech woods behind Hughenden Manor, once the country seat of Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli. Early bluebells and primroses were everywhere adding some lovely colour and the trees were all budding and popping with new growth. High above, the ubiquitous red kites were circling on warm rising thermals like vultures in a Beau Geste movie. Glorious.
Several ‘friends’ of mine in school sometimes come up to me to talk about their troubles. They aren’t really true friends; they just… use me. There were times when they were frustrated with a certain person and started bad-mouthing him or her. Using cuss words about every 2 seconds, those girls always rambled on in my ear, expecting me to talk badly about their current enemy also. It was always torturous for me to listen, and all I wanted to do was start talking about Christ. It was always during those times when I silently prayed for the gossiping girl next to me, and also for me to stay calm and not get too influenced by her.
chides farewell to us with a luminous laugh.
2:30 p.m.: Opening song.
Despite that the fact that all three members of the C Clan are officially fighting off the Snot Monster I am so happy it's Friday I could take a little extra dose of cough medicine just for the thrill of it. (I kid you.)
I apologise for the lack of posts due to my studies.
I for one did not want to end up in last chair. So I took the music home and practiced it very hard every day for a whole week. Well, I did miss two days. But I practiced consecutively for five days for about an hour every day. That is a lot, considering that it was my violin. If I were practicing voice I could sing for about two to three hours easily.
9) "Maybe it's the gas fumes talking, but you're kinda hot"
Hundreds of research studies have been published on autism and self-injurious behavior. Hundreds of papers are written about autistics who present with self-injurious behavior. Thousands of experts have discussed the challenges of self-injury among autistics. Yet, today, you see no mention of self-injurious behavior in DSM-5 autism diagnosis.
Recommendation: I highly recommend this for the value received. The cabin takes the headache out of a lot of things that come with camping, and when it's cold outside, the last thing I want to is to have a problem with my tent. The kids had plenty to keep themselves busy with outside and the park is very well-maintained. The park's ranger was extremely pleasant and friendly. Overall, we were all completely satisfied with our first stay at Emigrant Springs State Park.
The giddy beginning is followed by the task of actually putting the story on paper. By this time, I have a solid beginning, and possibly know the ending. Not always. The middle is still total mush. This part is hard to get through, as I have shared in the previous post. At this point, I am infinitely distractible, and am more than willing to go hang out, go do laundry, solve your family crisis, and even take a paying job in order to escape the creative mess I’ve made. It is not “banging the drum all day.” It is horrifying, because at this point, the work is so bad.
50 Single Leg Kicks w. Weight on Opposite Shoulder
embracing our glorious imperfections and showing the world we’re not ordinary but extraordinary is what Illamasqua stands for.
“Since the Government is not party to these discussions, its reservations are academic.
and for this reason they will remain forever on my special shelves!!
We watched Terminator 2: Judgment Day recently. My son had never seen it and I was interested to see how it held up after all these years. I'm not sure I've watched it all the way through since I went to see it at the cinema on its release in 1991.
I have recently been very inspired by the teachings of Marianne Williamson in her book “A Return to Love”. This book found its way into my hands at exactly the right moment, and as the cliche suggests: “when the student is ready, the teacher appears.”
"it is possible to have conservatives without having a unified conservative movement. Indeed, this was the situation in America before the mid-1950s. If it is not quite the plight of conservatives today, it may soon be again... Meyer's fusionism thus missed many of the hard questions about morality and politics.... The overwhelming practical imperative was to resist liberalism at home and defeat Communism abroad, and it would have been wrong to try to insist on other principles or conditions for such a necessary alliance... More and more, conservatism lacks a common message or focus, and the education it offers citizens and politicians is splintered into myriad discussions of specific policies."
Damn it women, speak straight without riddles!
For a number of years Connie has battled lyme disease. She has dealt with her own dark night of the soul, she was kind enough to share a portion of her story that I have permission to share with you.
I suddenly felt like every set of eyes in the entire store were staring at me, wondering which street corner I was going to be working at this lovely Friday evening. After turning an unnatural shade of red, I politely dismissed myself from line and returned my items to their shelves so fast you would have thought they were made of searing hot lava.
Serving:Serve over ice with a sprinkling of ground cinnamon on top.
not yet ten years old, it was designed by renzo piano, and he certainly put a very good effort into the complex. after all, not a lot of new things get built in rome. not near the center, anyway. the buildings are made largely of wood, have supreme acoustics, and are completely shrouded in lead, some say to enable superior-quality recordings and broadcasts due to lead’s shielding capacities against electromagnetic radiation. the original plan had to be modified when some roman ruins were uncovered. these have been preserved and can be visited as well.
~Sitting up
Alright, there's a bbq burger with my name on it. Time to go... be back next week with the final bathroom reveal and another surprise or two!
Will eat well with rice, tacos, baked potatoes, even pasta (make the sauce a bit more liquid as the pasta will absorb some of the water and the dish will end up dry). For perfection serve with a big dollop of sour cream and some chopped coriander.
8’35 What U Do 2 Me
We’re guilty of neglect. It had been far too long since our last visit. We’re talking years here. (Why do I feel like I should be in a confessional?) Truth is, we had (or at least I had) forgotten how wonderful Montreal is.
abv: 4.6% ibu’s: 22
Not that we are perfect parents by any stretch of the imagination, but I think we've done a pretty good job through trial and error of making the boundaries very consistent so that once it is bedtime, she has no excuses to get back up. We have a story before bed. We brush teeth before bed. Potty time happens before bed and there's no getting up for the potty after bed. (For the record, before reporting me to CPS for abuse and neglect in not allowing my daughter to urinate after she's tucked in and possibly causing her to have multiple and severe UTI's, she still wears a Pull-up to bed and she has NEVER. ONCE. ACTUALLY. PEED. when we have let her get up to use the toilet after bed.) We are very clear with her about that after this and this and this happen, then it's time for bed. No room for ifs, ands, or buts, and for the most part, she adheres to the confines of her bed when it is time, but not without her fair share of whining.
The 25-year-old said it was the weirdest call to the police she had made. She said: “I first thought, gosh they are big dogs. Then I thought, they are wolves. “Two other drivers saw them so we called the police and they said they had been called already. “I have never seen a wolf but it was light and I had a good look. “I slowed down because they crossed in front of my car. They had pointed ears and bushy tails. They were very large.” Pointed ears and bushy tails? Why, what else could they possibly be, but wolves?
layer of banana bg paper
Include alliteration
Blini are served hot. Put blini on a heated plate in a stack, covered with a napkin, or keep them in oven. It is even better to serve blini right after they are done, from a skillet.
Finally
While RailCorp did not accept the commission's findings on compensation, it has said it will review its recruitment procedures with a view to ensuring people were not inappropriately excluded from employment. The decision is reviewable under the Administrative Decisions Act.
Last note: I read this and Beige by Cecil Castellucci back to back, which led me to wonder, what if Katie/Beige had been into musicals? What would her punk father had thought of that?
I am finally able to share my project that I was working on.
Knead all crust ingredients and spread them on the bottom of a pie / tart form. Prick with a fork and blind-bake at 160 degrees C for ten minutes. Set aside.
I wish I was a bear in the winter, hibernation is something our fluffy friends do that personally I believe we should too!
your vocabulary and you may
When you approach big, industrial Komarom from the road it is not a very pleasant sight. After all our route finding and hunting for rooms Maun and I were tired so we decided to take the train to Esztergom, where, we imagined, things would not be so strange. At the train station the ticket lady was very nice and carefully explained that we had to change trains in a town called Almasfuzito. We figured we could handle that and bought our tickets. Our train was across the tracks and the only way to get there was up steps, lugging our loaded bikes, over a trestle and back down steps. There was a direct way across the tracks but it was gated and locked. The steps should have made us change our minds about taking the train but we didn’t and were soon on our way into twice as much hassle as it could have possibly been to find a satisfactory room in Komarom.
I suppose i just have to think of this way, because i can’t keep beating myself up for this mistake i made while i wasent myself.
Not Hungover on a Monday
ok, i really need accountability on that one.
Back from France and over six months pregnant, I feel now is the time to give up our secret identities.
Enjoy the rest of the hop and Thanks for stopping by!
See? Red towel! No more twine! Then you start sticking in the utensils: no rhyme or reason, although I did try to make it symmetrical (because I'm OCD like that). I stuck some inside the wrapped up dish towels, and others I just stuck in there! It was pretty sturdy, so don't be afraid to jam 'em in there!
about a year back, i was shopping for groceries as i normally do. i don't know what possessed me to pick up this tuber once again but i did. perhaps i was attracted to its perfectly formed shape or looked at it passing by and suddenly felt guilty about my hatred for ipomoea batatas. i brought it home anyway, a large and hefty specimen at that, and sat it down on the counter. a few days passed and i still had not figured out what to do with it. about 2 weeks into it, i began to wonder why, oh why, i shlepped back this extra pound of vegetable matter.
I've felt betrayed lately. Financially, this divorce has crippled me and as my debt piles up higher and higher, I find myself unable to go out or participate in things that cost money because honestly - I don't have it. When I see people posting on twitter or facebook, people who I consider some of my best friends, talking to Sean about hanging out or planning summer trips... it causes me to pull back and push everyone away. I try really, really hard to see their perspective - Sean and I were together since we were 14 and all of our friends are mutual... but sometimes it's so overwhelming and I feel so betrayed and hurt that I let my feelings get the best of me. I get tired of trying to see others perspectives, because frankly I'm going through the hardest battle I have ever experienced and for once I'd like some one to see my perspective. I miss the support I had at the beginning, but the reality of the matter is that I cannot rely on other people to always keep me as a number one priority - I may still be a priority, but they may be going through battles of their own that I don't even know about.
I am re-reading A Wrinkle in Time and began to think over how this book inspired me as a child. I was an avid reader even as a very young child, but this is the book that truly inspired me to want more out of reading and eventually lead to my love of writing.
Then one night Bambo beats Mai in a drunken rage, and neighbors rush her off to the hospital. Will Mai and the baby live? Will Kondi be sold off by her uncle Kakama to a rich man to be his third wife? And what could possibly be in Bambo’s brown envelope?
What I like about the Swan is that it sells Dunham Massey beers on draught - usually two or three, and also, that it sells good food. Not too expensive, nothing needlessly pretentious, in sensible sized portions, and even though last night it was heaving and packed full, we didn't have to wait too long for our food. Meals average out at about £10.50, alas am unsure of the beer prices as they went on the tab.
Each design is a base that can be changed minutely to create another design with another texture. That next design can also be changed in another small way, and so on and so on.
If you live in or around Artesia you might farm. Or raise cattle. Or work the land bringing up that crude and gas we Americans so love.
Or Nemesis, suited him rather better.
But The Star can reveal that even though the initial investigating officer, Warrant Officer J Letsoalo, had sourced the footage from the SABC, he did not present it to the prosecutor as part of the evidence.
Sweet but dry, medium body, the alcohol comes through, caramel again in buckets, and a spicy bitterness resides.
I've still been a bit poorly with little sleep or inspiration. I didn't venture into yesterday today and thought I'd be able to catch up on my sleep. When I leave for work in the morning at 07:30 I usually pop Ollie the pup in my daughters bedroom and he usually falls back to sleep on top of the bed, so I thought this morning I would get up and bring him into my bedroom. Wrong! As soon as I brought him upstairs the door bell rang, driver collecting a parcel which set him off. I returned with coffee and at 08:00 doorbell goes again, parcel for daughter. You'd think I was the only one living at my house, daughter still in bed and son just about to leave and i'm the only one who can open the door! Just settled again when Ollie found some socks on the floor and scarpered under my bed. I managed to retrieve them and hide them under hubby's side of the bed. He seemed to settle and I finally got under my covers set to get at least another 30 minutes sleep, right.......nope. He had sneakily pulled back the covers on OH's side and found the hidden socks and was munching again. I decided this wasn't going to work and came downstairs, let him out in the garden for him to do his bicon buzz. Then I thought a shower might make me feel better but someone, daughter grrrrrrrr, had switched the hot water onto off instead of timed, it really wasn't my day...............
Joseph Parks runs into Gunner, he wants the whereabouts from Abyss, his brother. Gunner has no idea where he is, but the last time he saw Abyss, he wrestled Bully Ray. Go ask him.
ass, you are knotted arm muscles making dinner
Turns out pesticide-free is often a vague term indicating no pesticide residue was detected, although it might contain "natural" pesticides or pesticides "below" the "normal" detection limits.
In other news the guy from Halloween got one of his friends to contact me because he was too shy....needless to say I didn't follow that up. I was surprised he didn't get his mum to call me for him. But on the other hand I have been having a delicious flirtation with a very young man- and if there's one thing that will make you forget you are 31, it's a 20 year old boy.
From: Nana
3. What’s not working? What are the problems with the space now? What needs to change? Do you need to re-arrange furniture or shelving? Do you need to remove items because they’re keeping you from using the space as intended?
Another recent favorite of mine is KNOWING with Nicholas Cage. I found the special effects in this film to be outstanding and the spiritual story was unique. You can go to Amazon to see my review of Knowing and the many interesting comments that follow it.
I first want to say thank you to everyone who took a moment to leave me very sweet notes of condolences last week. It was very much appreciated.
Just a quick browse of the wedding dress boutique has made me a little excited for the eventual winner of this prize. Little bit jealous I can't keep the gift card to myself!
Maybe we tend to miss people the longer we’re apart from them. Seems like the “human” thing to do, since we’ve been programmed to think and feel the same notions of our past — “internal talks” that keep us hostage to no growth. Read: self-sabotage.
Today....I live in North Carolina.
...Nah, let's keep going, just a few more stitches, just a few more rows. I'm nearly done, there's no use in stopping now.
Thanks for all you do in support of America’s small brewing community.
On the nose big lolly/candy banana flavours come through as well a bit of real bubblegum....Yum!
Here's a view of my completed card front showcasing my use of Elisabeth Bell's Peek-A-Bunny digi image . . .
dash of light soy
This morning, she announced that the tooth fairy didn't come.
Meanwhile, Elizabeth and Enid are making cookies in Casa Wakefield (it's a Spanish tiled kitchen, you know) and Enid is all on edge about her boyfriend Ronnie finding out about her TERRIBLE SECRET. Dramatic! Two years earlier, Enid lost the run of herself entirely and started hanging around with a BAD CROWD. She got involved with a ne'er-do-well called George and they did a load of drugs and drinking, culminating in them going joyriding in George's car (is it joyriding if it's your own car?) "stoned out of their minds" (so...they were driving at around six miles an hour then?) and knocking down a little boy, breaking his arm, the hooligans. George was shipped off to boarding school and Enid straightened her life out, becoming the boring sidekick we now know and tolerate.
I don't know if this is relevant, but it is worth considering. A display ban has been in operation here in Norway for about two years now. This has had no significant effect on tobacco sales at all. Perhaps in the light of this experience and similar experiences in some Canadian provinces the tobacco companies, having lost no money to display bans feel that challenging them is a waste of money. It's all about the money on both sides of the tobacco divide. In reply I agreed with sillyusername that money was, and always has been, a tour De force in shaping the denormalisation of smokers, both for the recipients adversely affected by such bans and the businesses that have to employ them on pain of financial suicide or even jail time for daring to fight for their businesses or principles and the bodies that call for such draconian measures. They were in the minority as the majority of landlords and pubcos rolled over and said "kill me quickly." To my mind both the anti smoking fake charities, as they are fondly called by us smokers, and the tobacco companies are two sides of the same coin, as long as the money keeps rolling in they shortsightedly cannot see that one side is sliding a noose over the others neck.
This is one of the scenes I try to recreate when I’m at the Arboretum. It doesn’t really work the way I’m looking for it to work. The light is different, or something about the photograph doesn’t jump out and say “keep me” when I’m going through them on my computer. Every year the scene is different. Every time you look through a window, something has changed.
—Trickster's Choice and Trickster's Queen by Tamora Pierce—After Alanna's daughter Ally slips away on her boat because she is annoyed by her strong-willed family, she is captured by pirates and sold into slavery. Pretty soon she is making deals with the trickster god Kyprioth and having the adventure of a lifetime.
Are you afraid of your customer base/peer base not responding well to your "new" attempts?
of choking weeds too dark a green.
First offering, An agoraphobic man Colin Watson from Middlesborough 62, who was earning so much money in benefits he lent it out to family and friends, has been spared trial for alleged loan sharking as he is scared of leaving his home.
At the far end of the Yew Walk, were two little trees, which on close inspection turned out to be cleverly pruned Wisteria. It was an interesting way to see this as usually it is trained to climb over pergolas or up houses.
There’s no doubt about it, the Women in Business conference offers a valuable opportunity to focus on growing your business and connecting leading members of the business community with savvy entrepreneurs, students, staff and alumni of London Metropolitan University.
should have for every single child in your house.
I will stay with family (for free), go to pow wow (of course) and we want to go to Glacier National Park and a brewery–maybe the Tamarack? It will be awesome. I haven’t been to Glacier since I was little, and I don’t think Cool’s ever gone. Bison Range was ah-mazing with Cool, and we got super pictures, so Glacier should be equally as awesome. Maybe some of my Aunts and Uncles can even go. . . And I’ve never been of-age to be able to go to a MT Brewery, and they looked really cute when we drove by last year. And the Tamarack has an outdoor patio (which I love) with a fire pit and heaters–cause I’m always cold and bug-bit in MT. And I always love pow wow–we’ll just go later in the day and earlier in the weekend this time. Everyone was partied out and sold out by the time we got there last year. So exciting birthday times WILL be had!
They fuck you up, your mum and dad.
Empower Mage: When this ally enters play, if you control another Mage hero or ally, this ally deals 5 fire damage to target hero.
Just look at all the things that I did 'better' at last year!! How in the world could I end the year disappointed with myself about my resolutions? My hopes are that this year the continued improvements and building on the things that I did last year will show a noticeable difference.
1 colhurst
Then I knew the Jelly Gobbers were coming!
My friend, G – efficient, son in F12’s class – produced a revision timetable: greater love hath no better definition than that such a thing is then shared with the competition. But the days slipped by and the amount due to be done was daily piggy backed onto the next day, and then the next, and then the next week. The probs with attending a school which covers Key Stage 3 in two years, and not the more normal three. It soon stacks up.
I'll still be able to make it in and help in some way.
I found myself many times over the last few years talking about ‘doing the right thing’ to manage medical risks and to treat people properly, as we’d want to be treated. When I did so, I faced suggestion from many that it would drive costs up; NHS staffing things they hadn’t previously staffed, two police officers supporting a patient for hours in an NHS PoS instead of one officer or a custody assistant doing a constant watch in the cell block. Well, even if that were true, wouldn’t it be worth it to know we’d done the right thing?
He lit another cigarette and sat there watching her. Watching the silly expressions on her angelic face as she tried to comprehend the words that came out from his mouth like bullets. She stopped her thoughts midway and turned at him and asked if they were to leave. They paid their bill, splitting it like they always did, and as they walked out. They stopped at the next corner and turned to face each other. “Same time, same place next Friday?” He asked, she accepted half consciously then hugged him. Hugging her back, he felt that there were tears streaming down her baby blue eyes and suddenly felt like a blubbering fool and wanted to leave but at the same time wanted to keep hugging her and never let go. Finally, they both let go and went their different ways. Seconds later, Claire turned with the same confused expression on her face since she left the bistro and called his name. He turned around and she could see his hazel eyes were watery “There was this movie I’ve been meaning to see, it’s a chick flick and I thought we could go see it together, rip it too pieces for it’s gullibility and stupidity.” Smiling, he replied “Umm.., Sure, I guess.” She smiled even more, “Great” and turned around and walked away. He stood there for a couple of minutes, waiting for her to turn another corner before he could laugh hysterically at what just happened. After a brief outburst of laughter and trying to tame his happiness, he also turned around and walked. “Oh witty Claire.” he said out loud as he crossed the street and headed back to work.
Today, Tim had his meeting with his fellow Countryman employee. After that we walked up to Westminster Cathedral. And yes, I did mean to go to the Abbey, just got confused. The Cathedral is catholic and costs 5000 pounds a day to run. It is built of dark chocolate brown bricks, much of which is covered in beautiful, intricate mosaics. Part of the money each year goes into expanding the mosaics, seen to be part of what each generation does in its time. It is a lovely building, the choir must sound wonderful.
Cultural references
I don't think this phenomenon is select to far off destinations.
An unforgettable moment in my youngest son's life, shortly after his little girl was born, she is the apple of his eye... not every child is that lucky...
It might be better to excise the fallacy and fantasy from Christianity, if the prize includes the excision from the West of the fakery — and danger — of Islam. After all, when Muhammad pbuh took verbatim dictation from the Archangel Gabriel and later rode off to heaven right from where the Jews had once had their exclusive God franchise, and within sight of the site of Jesus’ resurrection, he was merely plagiarizing his PhD dissertation in theology, sort of like Martin Luther King Jr. 13 centuries later but with more woeful consequences for the original authors.
Supplement it is.
Where he is terribly, terribly wrong however is in believing cold blooded premeditated murder, particularly of children, is the solution or is an act can ever be justified. Only in the minds of the left wing can a massacre such as he committed ever be forgiven.
I'm on a non-roll with my tights - yet another pair that popped a hole. However, I've had these for at least a year, so I know I got plenty of wear out of them.
As we made arrangements Ron and Lisa told me they thought it would be good for six-year-old Shane to observe the procedure. They felt as though Shane might learn something from the experience. The next day I felt the familiar catch in my throat as Belker’s family surrounded him. Shane seemed so calm, petting the old dog for the last time, that I wondered if he understood what was going on. Within a few minutes Belker slipped peacefully away.
Theirs is more of the organic cycle of introspective moods and unexpected colorations that yield to music that is more emotive, expressive and as personalized as so much ECM music often is. Just because they’re operating in a piano trio doesn’t make them jazz.
The creation of the Bible is a story of evolution. Oral traditions written down over centuries, edited, compiled, edited again, redacted, pieced with other texts and eventually recognized as a canon. Its stories, commands and prophecies reflect a similar evolution in the view of God.
Gerardo: Can I borrow your skimmer thingy?
I couldn’t sleep, too hot for that. Even stripped down to my shirt I felt as if my skin was boiling. That at any moment, I’d erupt like a volcano, steam and blood spurting from the wound. Looking for some shade, I wandered a way from camp and that’s when I heard the music strike up. The first dance was beginning, it’s beat that of war drums, of callused hands smacking against stretched hides. As I listened, staring up at the full moon, the tempo changed, the beat building up and up until it just ….. stopped. Ending abruptly, it’s challenge offered, “Dare you come and join the dance?”. As I made my way back to our encampment, I knew they’d heard the music too. Our move came to the sound of armoured men, boots beating time in the dust, in the shrill shriek of swords being pulled from scabbards and in the orders being yelled.
All, or the vast majority, at home: 18 (27%)
single and rich. my current non boyf doesn’t believe in being married.
I knew how love, was suppose to feel when you were near me
What? He was accompanied by four Rockettes? Those world-famous high-kicking dancers? Wasn’t he afraid their high heels might get tangled up in his notoriously uncooperative mane?
Of course I took out my Instax and snapped a few pics of Becky and her cake. It's been a while since I've taken any photos using the camera. I have so much film all stocked up now, I really better get back into the routine of using it again!
But here’s the thing I’m not too sure if it’s just me right now, but after I take off this brand of nail polish it kind of looks like it’s stained my nails and turned them a little bit yellow, even with a base coat on. I really hope that’s not the case because I LOVE these colours but at the same time I don’t want stained nails.
Abundantia: Abundantia is a beautiful Roman and Norse goddess of prosperity, success and abundance who is said to bring good fortune and financial windfalls to all who call upon her. She carries a cornucopia of golden coins, which trail behind her wherever she goes. One sign that she’s with you is that you’ll find lots of spare change in unlikely locations. And rest assured that Abundantia brings more than pocket money to those who call upon her. She bestows all kinds of prosperity, including increased amounts of time, ideas and other forms of support. A beautiful goddess of success, prosperity, abundance, and good fortune, Abundantia is also considered to be a protector of savings, investments, and wealth. Her image graced Roman coins in centuries past.
SLOWLY pour in milk, whisking at all times
Wei arrived with a relatively small force – about 100 soldiers. He and his troops pulled up to the gate outside the warehouse and piled out of their commandeered school buses. Already somewhat embarrassed to be traveling in American school children’s buses, the general addressed the inhabitants of the warehouse in broken English over a megaphone.
I have always loved my neck, it is a long neck. I have always looked good in turtle neck sweaters and I should wear them more often. Another thing I love is a small dimple I have on the left side of my face that occasionally appears when I smile.
But honestly, I’ve realised recently that it kinda has everyone expecting so much of it!
What impact did the show have?
Its cool to hear how the various remixers work with the source material, revealing their personalities along the way, as well as the adaptability of McRyhew's song-writing. With the homespun feeling of the hand-made electronica, there is a spark of humanity in this bent and broken circuit boards and chip tune vocals. There is no trace of irony here. With crisp, warm beats and solid musicality, this is bound to sound great through systems and headphones alike, so DJs take note and listeners beware. The fact that this is a free download from Thug Entrancer's bandcamp means that there is literally no excuse for not checking out. Unless you just don't like good music.
Thanks to all my good friends and family!!!
Today I was catching up on a blog I enjoy, and the post I was reading was mostly photos of a camelia bush...a bird's nest...and some amazingly bright blue robin's eggs in the nest. So simple and perfect. So gorgeous and symbolic of spring. And suddenly, I started crying.
Parc Floral de Paris, M°Chateau de Vincennes
The Jet Ski can be a aberration for a while.
Second, what about rental cars, baggage claim, and car parking?
Hallo weer blogvolgers,
to the ages than these white
Melinda Pierce sat on the green plush seat of the railroad car, listening to the mocking song the wheels of the train were singing. All the way up from East Texas they had said the same thing--"Going away. Going away. Going away," they wailed. And sometimes they added, "Poor Melinda. Poor, poor Melinda."
’One thought in agony of strife 50
A few staples that I always include in my garden, even though they don’t grow the best are as follows: Spinach, Romaine Lettuce, Squash (several types), Cucumbers, Tomatoes, Potatoes, Onions, Garlic and at least one type of Carrot. Sometimes (about every third or fourth year) I will grow corn, but corn depletes the nutrients in soil to an extreme degree and it’s not really possible to grow it consistently in my area.
As the crowd cheered, Sven did a slow victory lap, waving and collecting stuffed animals thrown to him.
‘I’ll take that as a yes then,’ said Nancy picking up a menu.”
Then the sensation vanished, leaving only the cold fingers of the wind, stinging eyes, and the realisation, as they rose towards it, that the Wildhawk was even bigger than she'd thought. Her count reached seven. The Wildhawk seemed a net, trapping them against the ground. Or holding the whole sky up. It had levelled out, drifting south-east, but the way its body still writhed warned of just how riled it still was.
It's a great tasting beer, I think it would have been nicer if the honey had a little more umph in the flavour - I think it gets a little dominated by all the earthy Cedar wood. A good first beer to have from a brewery which I've not visited before though, I hope I can try some more from Cigar City. If your down and about in Craft, ask them if they have any left!
Do these numbers have any connection with Adoption?
I am now twelve weeks, and we are officially out and notorious with the pregnancy. My husband and I have both made announcements on Facebook, and you don't get anymore official than that, folks. I would post the picture from our appointment this week, but it's not very good. The baby was moving around so much that it made it difficult for my doctor to take a picture for us to keep.
There are also proven
So you’ve written the next big thing. Congratulations! After all the hard work, all the sweat and the tears, you finally get to do more hard work, cry different kinds of tears, and sweat some more. Yes! Alright! Wait…what? But isn’t the hardest part of being a writer the writing itself? I mean, my book is awesome! And I’m awesome! Line up, agents! Get behind them, publishers! Let’s hear those bids for the next phenomenon!
The music industry is rapidly changing. The internet has enabled widespread piracy, as well as a variety of new business and distribution models. We want to offer an engaged audience in and around the Euregion an opportunity to develop a coherent and detailed picture of the future of music distribution. On the 31st of May 2012 a music conference in Maastricht, consisting of oppositional debates, creative workshops and lectures, will provoke opportunities for intellectual stimulation, debate, as well as networking.
So when Penang Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng demanded an apology from the Prime Minister, he was cheered on by the public even though they Najib would pretend to ignore the entire incident or condemn it as being as “opposition-instigated” demand. But did Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim’s Pakatan Rakyat pay RM84 million to the UK publicity firm? Who was it who instructed FBC to polish Najib’s image, give an overly glowing report about the benefits of consuming palm oil, and praise the BN’s handling of indigenous people?
Let us be bluntly, terribly frank: if you or I or any other person on this planet were to die *right now* or, indeed, if any ten or twenty thousand of us were to die this very moment, the world would continue to roll along. In some cases there may be political implications, sure, or this or that company on the NYSE may trade up or down as a result. But, in the end, it won’t matter one bit. There are billions of us; a couple thousand barely makes a dent. Hell, a million won’t stop much. Ten million. Demographics may alter, but will the world be changed? Probably not. At least not in any substantive sense. If you think McDonalds will vanish because the population of Mississippi croaks overnight, think again. If you think Assad will cease to be ruler of Syria just because he kills 10,000 of his own people, you’re probably wrong (if he leaves/is deposed, it will be different reasons altogether).
Publication date: April 12, 2012
“Friends” tells the story of Jamie, a driven but romantically damaged executive recruiter (Kunis) and Dylan, a brilliant but emotionally unavailable creative type (Timberlake). The two become friends when Jamie recruits Dylan for a high-profile art director position at GQ. Both on a break from dating, they decide that no-commitment sex can surely be had here without complicating the relationship. (Oh yeah, that works every time.)
After much discussion Hubby Tony, Son Brian, DIL Nicole, and I had decided on our excursion and purchased the tickets. I'd been in Jamaica once before, and wanted to go something new. We chose a tour that took us to see a working plantation and the natural beauty of Dunn's River Falls, with lunch in between the two stops.
Ok the fab news is.......I WILL BE A GUEST DT FOR SCRAP SANITY!!!!! I tried out for the full-time DT and ended up getting a guest part!!! I was soooo shocked as I did not think I had a chance at any of it. A biggggg thank-you to Tiff Sawyer :)
Sor gave concerts throughout Europe, including in England, Paris, Berlin, and Warsaw.
Hearing Metal 3 is a single 45-minute piece, but somehow it feels more segmented, less monolithic, than its predecessor. The palette is again bowed percussion and sine tones, and for the first half of the piece, the sound ebbs and flows subtly, Pisaro pitching his electronics to blend almost seamlessly with the glistening metallic drones Stuart excites from his cymbals. At around 20 minutes in, sustained organ-like electronic tones take on a more pronounced presence, leading into a sudden eruption of tinkling, chiming cymbal hits from Stuart, with brushes dancing against metal like rainfall on a roof, producing a stream of particle-like sounds that break up the singularity and stability of the drone. The effect is hard to describe, but exhilarating, especially when heard as the climax of an unbroken listen to Hearing Metal 2 and Hearing Metal 3 together: it's a sudden release, a break in the constant suspense of bowed drones with nary a hint of more percussive sounds. From then on, the music becomes more granular, the long droning tones augmented and at times replaced entirely by hissing beds of static and tiny pitter-pattering droplets of percussive sound. [buy]
But if I think of the energy as divine and let go of fear, I feel wonderful and enjoy the sensation. If you are an energy worker, you may have noticed that the heat running through your hands has increased tremendously. This is good. Advice: If you are uncomfortable, ask your Higher Power, that if it be for your best and highest good, to turn down/up the temperature a bit.
... "could it?"
A few weeks ago The Democrat and Chronicle ran the recipe for macaroni and cheese from a local restaurant, the Dinosaur Bar-B-Que. I took one look at it and said "no way." It had loads and loads and cheese -- four kinds of them in all. It looked like a heart attack waiting to happen.
wanna drive through the night and catch the very first ray of dawn tomorrow morning………………
But he and his husband are men. As such, they and their little boy are personae non gratae at the Golden Gate Mothers Group, which since its founding in 1996 has grown to an organization of 4,000. Members must live in San Francisco, have children younger than kindergarten age and be mothers — of the strict-constructionist female variety.
So I dropped down my dosage and sure enough with-in 24 hrs I was far more likely to actually get up and DO the thing then just contemplate it. So I’m glad this worked especially as I haven’t successfully dropped my dosage in two year because I am feeling less pathetic and as though I’m wasting my life.
Defender David Moyes marshalled the Pars defence that afternoon. Moyes would go on to make a name for himself as one of the top managers in the Barclay’s FA Premiership, conducting minor miracles at Everton with a budget only a fraction of some of the top clubs. In midfield, was Dunfermline’s new signing - former Rangers player Billy Davies. He signed from Leicester City and spent three years at East End Park before moving to Motherwell where he became player-manager. A successful spell at Preston North End followed before Davies took Derby Country into the FA Premiership. Davies was manager at Nottingham Forest until the end of last season.
When did regular old rain become SEVERE WEATHER?
- Prof Paul Ehrlich, The Population Bomb
I swooned a little when I saw the brand new My Minds Eye Miss Caroline collections. I forced myself to limit my purchase to two of the 6x6 paper pads. This one is called Howdy Doody. The papers in this pad are just so sweet and girly.
I found myself writing this song, this story, this long piece of vomit, twenty pages long. … I'd never written anything like that before and it suddenly came to me that this is what I should do.
Thanks for looking and all the Great comments! I hope everyone has a Beautiful Weekend!!
Clematis are usually classed as Type A, B or C (aka Group 1, 2 or 3), each with different pruning requirements.
2) I don’t really consider any of the food that I ate to be that weird because they were all common food items in Italy. But they were a little different from standard U.S. fare.
It also hurts when an article like this comes out, because with it, comes a lot of negative attention. Like this. That child was not misbehaving. He was acting like a 3 year old. He was sitting on that couch, with nothing to do, and asking for his mother's attention. Which she gave him. Yes, he was attached to his mom. But why is that turned into a bad thing? The only wrong thing I see while reading this article and watching the video, is how one sided that reporter is. She is attacking this mother's parenting. And by the way, I think the mother was doing a pretty amazing job at defending herself and explaining that while this parenting technique ISN'T FOR EVERYONE it does work for her.
Have you as readers ever come across a story where it seems evident that the author is imposing a modern or politically-correct view onto history?
Up and down 1st Saddle. Ran from my doorstep, hiked the climb, and then ran from the top all the way back to my front door, so, ~40min of running, but split up. Shin seemed to get better as the run went on. Was very proud of myself for exercising some restraint on this gorgeous 60F day and not getting out for an afternoon ascent. Even though I would've (obviously) limited myself to just hiking, I'm trying to be smart.
“I was really holding my breath,” said Harbor House of Central Florida CEO Carol Wick, regarding the months that had passed since the last domestic violence killing. “Last year we had one on New Year’s Day and held a steady pace all year until we had 27 people dead.”
Ryan O'Donnell - Song, Dance, Props and Sweeping
Ironically those American politicians are using language, and the phrase fear of God to their advantage. Appealing to the almighty is obviously wise move in a country as ‘Christian’ as the USA, but you’d be shooting yourself in the foot if you spoke about God in the same way that George W did: Nobody wants to be associated with him. Bush claimed that God told him to invade Iraq. He went all out on the personal relationship aspect of religious experience and spoke in those terms. So by employing the term fear of God today’s presidential hopefuls are hoping to tell voters that yes they’re Christian, but no they wouldn’t be so presumptuous as to assume God backs every decision they make. By saying Fear of God, they are suggesting that they are a safe pair of hands not likely to do anything controversial.
Mortimer PP, Cohen BJ, Buckley MM, et al. Human parvovirus and the fetus. Letter. Lancet 1985; 2: 1012.
But before you do, take a moment to imagine that the character you are thinking about was a boy or a man. And don't say 'Well, that's different' or 'But I just can't see a girl behaving this way' or 'It's not about their gender!' or any other excuse. Look at your list again, really look at it. See if, suddenly, magically, all those traits, decisions or actions don't seem bad, unrealistic or obnoxious anymore but like perfectly normal, perfectly acceptable traits or decisions or actions...for a boy.
“Try again please!” Brulee said.
In fact we were conditioned to run away from people who habitually wore them out of the house as real footwear for fear of being thumped. They were the sort who also wore skinny black jeans, checked shirts, had lots of ear piercings and shaved their hair into mullets (that was both the men and women and even their young kids).
SH: What? Oh. Big deal.
On one level, you could say you are learning to become authentic. And this can have a profound effect on your entire system.
Laid up in lavender
I believe the question that should of been asked is what am I most grateful for?
This is what happens when you feel feisty and want to play a prank on a coworker:
I would say – in that sense – I am a forest, within me the faces of my ancestors I carry.
But it seems that these very “differences” have cropped up a different identity within the community where the get separated and draw a line on “cultural” basis.
Historically speaking, flash fiction is nothing new although the term itself didn't come about until the early 1990s. Some of Aesop's fables have retroactively been dubbed flash fiction, as have some of the more airy stories of H.P. Lovecraft. The greatest piece of flash fiction ever written is often referred to as the shortest story ever written, although surely someone somewhere has attempted to usurp that distinction in word count if not in quality. Apocryphally attributed to Ernest Hemmingway in some instances, the fact that the author's true identity will never be known with any certainty only heightens its power. It's like a message in a bottle that has washed upon our culture's shore. Six words, that is all. So simple and yet it has it all.
Katy: Well, you're doing a great job.
Danny Cooke (BNP) 116
You and your friends/family will be marvelled by the spectacular sky view of Singapore’s cityscape from your cable car.
5.) A power to transfer bodies.
I was on a single flight and I’m not sure it that made it easier or scarier, I just knew when I did the ‘gentle and dry landing’ part I was really happy to be down and happy to have parasailed on NZ’s highest. I also knew I would never do it again! Maybe! (I’ve learn’t to never say never)
Then he turns, points to the badge on his lapel.
And you will know the name so sweet
Walk like an Egyptian…the Bangles
For now, however, Spitzer--who could have lobbied Silver--apparently passed on the chance to stall or change Atlantic Yards.
1 overall
 Vengeance – because so many of them hate Whites so much – will give them more and more opportunities to “take it out on,” “lord it over,” and punish Whitey.
then voices.
I thought of a new theme for us, if it appeals to you, ... 'Happiness'. Sort of positive thinking along the lines of 'healthy'. Could be a favourite food, a sunset, blue skies, very subjective and open to interpretation I think!
When it comes to flowers, sometimes you're better off going old school. Walk in, use cash, and actually have a face-to-face conversation with a local artisan. There are some great florists making a comeback these days by doing fresher, less traditional work, like Sprout Home and The Monkey Flower Group. These shops do all original work and don't subscribe to any of the corporate wire services. It's hard for florists in more traditional areas to survive without those services, though, and so that means they mostly produce traditional looking items. That doesn't mean they are unable to tap into a different aesthetic. Give them a chance to use their own creativity and I think you'll be pleasantly surprised. -hil
1.) Cops and Robbers: The Interactive Version (Also known as Cops, Robbers, and children)
It's devastating. And it's not even my child. But you tell us to love one another - to be in community with one another - and so we ache when another part of our community is hurting.
And more on the claim brought by the Allman Brothers, Cheap Trick and others against Sony, including the very interesting comparison of royalty rates calculated by Sony and recalculated by the artistes here http://www.caplanross.com/sony_bmg_music.pdf?renderforprint=1 : Gregg Allman et all v Sony BMG Music Entertainment (2006) Case Civ No 1:06-cv-03252-GBD , US District Court Southern District of New York
The storyline, although ironic yet self-explanatory contains a lot of symbolism throughout and raises some of the most intriguing questions.
-7 oz. (200 g) cooked warm, short pasta
Okay, so here's the thing. Last night there was some lightning and thunder in the area and at around 11p.m., there was a blip in power which interrupted our internet reception.
But you: fear no evil. Only one thing can get you through this dangerous place, and he is a dangerous God. He doesn’t do what we would predict he should do. The undying God walks with us through a dying land. And what is our reaction to that? Well, why should we fear? Why should we cower in the face of death when we have the undying God walking with us? He is with us.
After followed me,just leave your email by commenting at the photo
Once we finally got the swing of things around here, and he was content for longer than a few minutes at a time, I began eating normal again. My body was like, "Whats this? Food? Heck yes! We're going to hoard this!" And I gained weight. Again. Like 10 lbs.
From phony jealousy
The portrait is from the Heritage Cricut cartridge and printed in black. I used some small cream pearls to create a necklace.
Douglas Harink, 1 & 2 Peter
A high quality online education can never be free. The amount of time and effort a student must put into the project of gaining a difficult, life-changing learning experience can be a daunting challenge and expense to that student.
Have you interrogated the usual suspects?
Speaking of which, this week I’ve found myself running out a different door. And in a different part of town. (I’m house-sitting.) And what has really surprised me is how much closer the neighbourhood school seems to be getting each day.
What if we treated it like we couldn’t live without it?
I managed to save the Craptastic Soup. It was supposed to be Ezogelin Corba. The proportions of the recipe were off, the bulgur in the soup soaked up too much of the liquid, and the flavor was flat. I split it in half, spiced up and revived one half as soup and the other half as a bulgur pilaf. So Yay! I hate wasting food, but as we all know, when you try new recipes or experiment with them every once in a while you get a dud. Thankfully I was able to save mine.
The hurdle is this: acknowledging this truth and attempting to live up requires...
I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus ... ABC Family ... 11:30 AM
And I will praise the one who’s chosen me
You should always try a discount ticket shop before you buy any type of ticket in Japan.
If you’ve been held up in cyberspace and miss your chosen event, you can return later… next week even… and still find it happening in all its glory.
Every night when I went to bed, he was there, in his spot, right next to my pillow. With one paw on my arm. Over the years, men have come and gone, and for a time, occupied his "spot" on the bed. He didn't mind. He'd make them move over.
It was smoky in the cottage. Alice couldn’t see clearly, but she could see figures huddled in the corner and a cauldron bubbling with a sickly sweet smell coming from it.
About 2-3 cups powdered sugar
Five years later, Gull redefined the condition as anorexia hysterica or anorexia nervosa. The cases he described bore strong similarities: good health, aside from emaciation; unexplainable refusal of food; “restlessness”. He noted that “it seemed hardly possible that a body so wasted could undergo the exercise which seemed agreeable” (Gull, 1873). In the same year, through separate research, Ernest-Charles Lasegue published a paper on l’anorexie hysterique: sharply different from victims of famine and prisoners of war, the young patients Lasegue observed had “paradoxical liveliness”. They expressed disgust toward eating, refusing food and treatment sometimes to the point of death. Lasegue hypothesized that anorexia hysterica was driven by a compulsion to avoid pain; he looked to the new field of psychology for a potential explanation.
I thought I had inadvertently wet myself so ran to the toilet. Well the trickle didn’t stop and I suddenly realized that this was it. My waters had broken. 3 weeks before my scheduled C section and 5 weeks before my due date. I sat there dazed. What do I do now? I called Hubby.
6 Smurfs
Charlie Kaufman (director- Synecdoche, New York)
All ink colors are my favorite, but top list of ink colors in my wishlist are Sunny yellow, Leaf green and Silky purple..
Apparently I’m in quite the wreath-making mood. (Check out my St. Patrick’s Day Wreath!) Today I decided to make an Easter wreath. I’ve seen all the ones around Pinterest using only Easter eggs but I know that I’m too much of a perfectionist to do that because I wouldn’t be able to get the eggs close enough to not see the wreath underneath and that would drive me crazy. So I decided that it would (probably) be cute to make an Easter egg wreath with Easter grass underneath…. and it was.
The rewards are useless so don’t worry about it. Just the last one adds 1 on all stats and 50 DEF. The only thing that’s good is the other rewards they don’t show, if you do the quest for 10 days. Only then you’ll get:
4 dry
The Donnas
When we got home I asked john to take the shopping out of the car,he saw the cat food and asked why I had bought it,we do not even own a cat!!! I made an excuse that I picked it up by mistake,instead of dog food.He then tells me we did not need dog food,we needed BIRD nuts!!
So how do I feel about season 2?
What I mean is that, sometimes we do huge things with the excited breathiness of a five year old. Then, what might seem like the littlest step towards making our dreams a reality can cause panic and fear.
Paul F. Beatini, 40, Park Ridge, N.J.
Skill Builder QA
I gave him his present early, but I wanted to share it with you all!
I've been sort of consumed in my thoughts by Whitney Houston. Yes, her most popular times were during my late teens and early twenties and I loved that music and the times they underscore to my life. I mostly have been thinking about the struggle she had. The world fell in love with this beautiful beautiful well spun image and towering vocals but behind the face paint and sparkle was a woman who couldn't live up to the hype that surrounded her.
a wind doth bark
Magnolia Square.
Publisher: Bloomsbury
And then Addison says to her brothers, "Guys, I think we should hide somewhere else."
The article "Ad Campaigns Are Dead" reminded me of one of the most hilarious brand babble videos ever done. I thought I'd re-post it. Try not to kill yourself.
I have also come to the realization that my training plan and my nutrition is spot on. I have also been hydrating properly so I intend on keeping what I have now; which is kicking my own butt regularly. The kettlebell allowed me a LOT of explosive energy at the start of the race and allowed me a last minute surge to the finish. Yoga allowed me to run the race with a clear head, save the thoughts that we all get; I’m going to pass him/her, Why is this person in front of me running SO slow forcing me to jump the sidewalk to pass them. Yoga also gave me the tools I need so I could concentrate on my breathing when it got heavy and the work got hard. The miles, of course, trained me to DO the race/pace/mileage. My nutrition fueled my body so I had the energy to go the distance.
the wave function is not quite a thing, it is more like an idea that
We’ll have our beauty sleep and tomorrow we’ve planned to venture a bit further along the coast…
Kernel Centennial 100 and Kernel Centennial 2010
And speaking of celebrating, this is how I celebrated…
Umpires: Marais Erasmus (South Africa), Sanjay Hazare (India).
(5) If therefore the Son of God, who is Lord (of all things), and who will judge the living and the dead, suffered, that His stroke might give us life, let us believe that the Son of God could not have suffered except for our sakes.
Wahooo can you guess how much paint and ink and modge podge I have all over the place!!:):) Well its so worth it! To create with free abandon is so good for the soul:) I have created this art journal after taking Heidi Kelley's class called B You! She is a teacher at Miss Arts Papercrafting School. This class covers mixed media application and so much more!!!!
Her big break comes when she does a makeover one day for the sister of pop star diva Simone (just Simone). The diva is so impressed when her sister comes home looking like a star herself that she has her assistant track down Evie and hires her as her personal makeup artist. Evie feels that this has to be the break she’s been praying for. Now all she has to do is get Simone to listen to her sing.
But it all started before that.
Sat May 19th 8pm
If one is analyzing the most dangerous form of contemporary antisemitism, you are censored, defamed, bullied, and finally thrown out from campus: highlighting Muslim and Arab antisemitism is taboo.
Wow! Excited! Yes, I am. Remember my post on the 1st about the new shop, Gabriella Daisy? I mentioned that it was my challenge for the year. Well guess what...things are going well. I got 3 orders...TODAY! Yaaaaaay! My 1st 3 orders in one day, on today. I know, I know, I know I'm so excited. My Etsy shop was a part of a "sneak attack" and everyone came by, "liked", commented, loved and ordered. Thank you everyone! So, to return the love I'm also going to giveaway 1 of the notepads.
1 tbsp fresh ginger, peeled and minced
In the 1884 case Elk v. Wilkins, the Supreme Court ruled that the 14th Amendment did not even confer citizenship on Indians – because they were subject to tribal jurisdiction, not U.S. jurisdiction.
Seriously, look throughout the gospels at the actions of Jesus.
Level 6: MP Cost: 20, Duration: 180 seconds, All Stats: +3%.
But now that you're no longer going to die… or at least, I hope death is not imminent
Mix together, spread on a teflex dehydrator sheet making about a 12-14 inch square. Dehydrate for about 24 hours.
In a flicker
A solar storm can consist of three major components: a solar flare, a solar proton event and a coronal mass ejection. A coronal mass ejection can interact with Earth’s magnetic field to produce a geomagnetic storm. Not all solar storms produce all three elements but the largest solar storms tend to.
Two areas I’m still scratching my head over:
They are about mom/woman things. I'm not talking cleaning, ironing and cooking supplies, you presumptive reverse sexists. Those are my areas in the household and there is nothing wrong about that no matter what says the Mother of All Uncoolness (hi, Mom!). I'm talking expensive jewelry for babies, confession Web sites for moms who don't have their own blogs to confess on, and items that provide, um, uh, girly freshness. Is my content that feminine? Where are the microbrewers? The makers of Blu-Ray DVD players with built-in WiFi (like the Panasonic DMP-BD85K or maybe the LG BD570 -- do you need a mailing address)? Damn it, where's my XBox360!
Evaluating the overall balance of the seven likelihood of confusion factors, the Court finds that Wal-Mart has failed to demonstrate a likelihood that its trademarks “WALMART,” “WAL-MART,” and “WALiMART” and its word mark “ALWAYS LOW PRICES. ALWAYS.” would be confused with Smith’s “WALOCAUST,” “WAL-QAEDA,” “FREEDOM HATER MART,” or “BENTONiVILLEBULLIES ALWAYS” concepts. In so finding, the Court concludes that factors three (similarity of the marks), five (similarity of sales methods) and six (similarity of advertising methods), weigh in Smith’s favor, with particular emphasis on how different the appearance and usage of the marks were and how vastly the parties’ advertising methods differed. The Court concludes that factors one (actual confusion), two (strength of the mark), four (similarity of product) and seven (Smith’s intent) favor neither party.
The health care writer T. R. Reid (The Healing of America) has described Canada's health care system as the paradigm for the national health insurance model. Its genesis goes back to 1910, when the Douglas family migrated from Scotland to Canada. A Winnipeg doctor chose young Tommy Douglas as the beneficiary of a new technique in orthopedic surgery, and a boy who had expected to limp through life suddenly had a normal stride.
May the Lord be praised! He is patient with us, even when He looks down here to earth and sees us messing up our relationships, and blundering around with clouded vision. He loves us anyways, and He is still willing to teach us, over and over again, how to love like He does. He is patient with our feeble efforts to understand Him and His love - He is awesome! His might is really unspeakable, isn't it? "For great is the LORD and greatly to be praised; He is to be feared above all gods." Psalm 96:4
Approaching eyes of a diviner man,
Yup, still stuck on 90's melodic Swedish black/death. I know I did it to death (no pun intended) last week, shoving a full nine albums down your throat just a few days ago, but the hits just keep on coming....
In publishing jargon, Romance is a genre and Horror is a genre, and you can't mix them because their formulas are opposite.
I felt a sense of joy at being back onboard as he moved off with his long, lopey stride. I started to move him around, letting him use himself, move himself, stretch and relax. He was tuned in to me and he reacted quickly and smoothly to my requests because he was so relaxed. I moved him one way and then the other, lots of changes of direction, with just a feel on the rein, and moved his quarters with a light touch and a thought.
TH: But when we look at your moves, there’s a lack of coherence. At best just a struggle to survive. Ok got it. Now the second point. Never respect your peers!
Some days I don’t really wake up at all. Not completely. Basic motor functions are intact, but in general it’s a fudge. Reality refuses to manifest completely – a confusion of barely understood stimuli with the singular intent of distracting and bewildering me. Inanimate objects are weirdly mobile, scuttling in and out of my path, and light itself is a vast, monochrome edifice, creating terrible waves at the corners of vision.
I grabbed beers with my fellow students and our professor after our final cartography presentations this week. Mine was so stressful I nearly died, but I think I am 100% prepared to defend a thesis. Who knew the data architecture of my project would start a 2 hour debate with experts being Skyped in from Halifax to voice their opinion? After a long semester we were glad to have everything behind us. We all deserved a beer, or 7. Needless to say, it became an interesting night.
The store had a small banner on the sales rack that mentioned an extra 20% off red-tagged sale items. So, I found my sweater and got the b/f a shirt as well. When I got to the cash, the cashier told me that the promotion had been last week and wasn't going to give me the deal. The manager happened to walk by at that moment and as the cashier told her the situation, she gave me the deal with a heavy sigh. As we were leaving the store, I thanked them and the manager snickers about how I have an eagle eye.
- Let's leave California and move east to Pennsylvania. The state of Pennsylvania rolled out a program in 2010 that put wine vending machines in Pennsylvania supermarkets. That is correct - let's get a bottle of wine for dinner...from the local wine vending machine. The state of Pennsylvania viewed this program as a consumer-friendly alternative to the network of state-operated liquor stores.
and I see the whole world
mmmmmmmmyummmmy!
The young gunslinger looked at the old man and laughed, saying, "Hey old man, have you ever danced?"
deeper
Oh yes, SAND is essential to the nonduality scene, I feel. The joy and the problem with SAND is the large number of people. It’s great having 600 nondualists milling around, each with his or her own take on nonduality. There is a problem with having so many themes and speakers from which to select. Having 5 or 6 concurrent sessions makes it impossible to see every speaker. However, every year will be different and should serve attendees more effectively. I know that the organizers strive for that.
Our oldest daughter went away to college last September. She called just after Thanksgiving to tell me that her dorm window was covered with snowflakes. No, not the real thing, but the ones she remembers from her childhood––paper ones that she spent an entire evening cutting and snipping while sipping hot cocoa.
You love me, spoil me
I am just back from a whistlestop tour of the Home Counties, visiting friends, family and some old blogging contacts.
At Siwanoy Country Club, par 36
The mouth's full malt body is non-existent in terms of taste, but is quickly bathed in a strong citric and piney hop flavor that dominates each mouthful, start to swallow. But it is not unbalanced or astringent, leaving the palate thirsty after each sip. The 7% ABV is noticeable relatively quickly, and brings a pleasant and complimentary addition to an already excellent beer. It was gone in no time, and found myself wishing for another. Refreshing and enjoyable, hop-heads who like balance to their beers should seek this one out.
It is useful to consider comparable FARs in other places. Some of the below are not bulk zoning controls but analysis of existing morphologies (marked with a star* – taken from the Car free cities Design Manual[8]).
When you crack a bottle, the beer exhales robustly, just short of a champagne pop. It pours with lots of fizz, and the head foams up with big, watery bubbles. After these are burned off by the alcohol, and interesting tango ensues as the roiling bead tries to build the head back up while the alcohol keeps trying to burn it off. You are left with at least a skiff, and sometimes a full layer, until your last swallow.
Their eyes locked, both wide. Paul struggling to hide his laugh of surprise. Westly scared he was in trouble.
Plot: Radek goes to the Biedronka to buy some sugar. Suddenly, Lidl shoppers attack this shop. Radek takes two cucumbers and defends the shop. Lidl shoppers run from Biedronka after a fierce battle.
This is very basic. The concern with most professionals at work nowadays is they take their break more than what they are allowed to. For example, they know that there is only one unpaid 1-hour meal break and two 15-minute miscellaneous breaks (depending on what industry you work in or the culture or practice/s the company got used to or promotes to its employees) but they take a break every now and then. Think about it. What they could have done or accomplished during the time that they were still supposed to be working or serving the company was/were wasted in spending time with unnecessary breaks frequently. I know, at this point, you may want to ask me. “So, are you saying that we are not allowed to leave our work station in special cases in which we have to wash our face or smoke our lungs out to shake sleepiness away or maybe to take it easy for some moments just to breathe in fresh air to socialize at work? Or, to have a temporary escape from all the pressure of work?
Originally I made these cheeky little pouches just for fun out of left over yarn from an old tapestry kit. By the time I had finished them I was thinking about doing something a bit different- diagonal stripes!
A few months back the woman who I have come to think of as your unofficial God-mother told me that she noticed how much more I dance since you have come along. Mulling that over I thought of the line from that song we sing in church (the one from the Psalms), ”You turn all my mourning in to dancing.” I remembered how I cried out to God after the ultrasound that revealed you were one girl. I was so hurt and confused. How could he tell me one thing and give me another? Where were those twin boys? Why would God do that? I mourned for the loss of the family I had pictured, I mourned for the boys I was expecting, for my own pride and the way it was ”supposed to go” and God in His infinite wisdom gave me you. I dance, with you, for you, to get you to dance, because you invite me to dance with you. God did turn my mourning into dancing, He did that through you. Your dancing has become contagious in our house. I dance at work when good things happen, I dance at the grocery store when we find a fifty percent off sticker. We dance because we can, because it is an outward expression of our joy. We dance because it is fun. I dance because of you.
Feels empty since you left
“Forget Marijuana, Crack Cocaine and Heroin, Crepe addiction is no laughing matter.”
PS I was mind blowingly hung over during lunch, but from the little I tasted, the foie gras was silky smooth, toasted brioche bread light and crunchy, and the entrecôte steak (prepared in a special broiler) perfectly cooked and accompanied by textbook dauphin potatoes and the best gravy I've had in Paris
Get Yourself a New TV in Time For Christmas
“Considering the 2008 economy, we were very pleased to learn of our selection again as the # 1 micropolitian area in the country,” said Bill Leach, chairman of GSDC. “This re-affirms the attractiveness of Statesville-Mooresville for locating and expanding a business.”
What a tremendous pleasure it has been to watch this kid run here the past few years.
Have you heard of these? Now is the time to take charge of your health. Be more aware of the ingredients in the foods you buy and avoid these terrible consequences. The key to a healthy lifestyle is to drink plenty of water, eat fresh fruits and vegetables, proper, healthy, antibiotic and hormone free meats, and healthy sources of protein. Practice cooking at home majority of the time. You might think this strategy would take a lot more planning. Of course it will. But isn’t a little extra time and the improved health of you and your family worth it?
With the wings attitude controlled and measured by the cables and sensors, the wake of the wing is then measured by the aero rake. This is an array of sensors measuring air speed, velocity and perhaps even direction. Two rows of rakes are employed and these are securely mounted to blisters on the nose cone. Just as with the wing mounting cables these struts may be attached to hydraulics to raise the rake over a range of positions, to map a wider area behind the wing. A slightly messy part of the mounting system if the bundle of cables exiting the rake and passing up into the nose cone to be attached to the cars telemetry system.
I still don't like the concept of "automatic gratuity"--Odysseus and I have had far too many bad waitstaff bring refills exactly twice: once when they bring the food, and once when they check to see if we want dessert. I would not want to reward behavior that bad.
Maybe it’s a salient lesson in the legitimacy of violence in exceptional circumstances? But the glamour and high drama of a Just War pales against the stories from the men on the ground. Grateful though he is for US-led intervention (“if not for the Americans, my family would not be safe”) The man has clear views on the reality of conflict: “It is better to talk for 500 years than go to war for just one day.”
It's always around this time of year when I start to get a few emails and comments from people asking about gifts and they usually go something like this:
My favorite season is upon us! Spring! I love the warm weather, the blooming of flowers and trees (okay, maybe this part of Spring isn’t all that great-I couldn’t breath for like a month) but my most favorite part about spring? Strawberries.
Makes 9 regular sized muffins.
Like many strategic planning processes I have been involved in, we needed longer to spend discussing what action we would take. (We filled in some of the detail at last night’s meeting which involved 14 people and a lot of energy. Once again we started with diner and the positive atmosphere of the weekend continued at the meeting).
Sometimes i forget that they need to be rescued too.
I know some think it is romantic sitting together at what is called a 'sweethearts table' for their first dinner.
Enjoying the moment? Not so much.
many books for kids that involve knitting are about the process. in 'safe return', the character learns not only how to knit, but how knitting can soothe even a reluctant knitter's turbulent times. there is an authentic tenderness to the text that reflects the author's understanding of the setting, character, and knitting. you can almost feel the lanolin in newly spun wool, the fierceness of the wind, and the darkness of the night in a time and place before electricity. and in 'safe return', you will experience the joy that comes in a very satisfying ending.﻿
Sorry CAT LOVERS – it is nothing personal against you – just a personal preference!
Lee Seung Gi wrote on his official homepage on the 9th under the title, ’1 Night~~ 2 Days’, “It’s the last filming of ’1 Night 2 Days’ so how should I describe my emotions.. maybe when you have too many thoughts your mind becomes a blank? My emotions feel empty”.
This easy noodle soup had to find its way in our home too. Its that good.
That actually explains a lot. It is wonderful to know that she feels safe and comfortable with me. Really! I just wish she would find another way to show me her trust.
I like it. I like it so very much.
That meditation of divine love liberated them into completely pure transcendental consciousness. This singular contemplation took them to the destination: Nārāyaṇa’s feet. They attained what is unattainable. Cleansed of the pollution of temporary, unreal, exploitive self-concepts, they went to the place beyond the Viraja River without changing their identities.
The parents of two 25 year old British tourists murdered last year in Florida have expressed their opinion of the murderer and their appreciation on how the President of the United States conveyed his heartfelt regrets over over the loss of their loved ones at the hands of an insensate, cold-blooded killer.
LaVette’s takes on familiar songs were far from simple nods to classic rock. The arrangements were dark, sparse, deliberate, slow, and they basically left the performers and the audience nowhere to hide from the raw emotion of each song. This type of expression is rare and as satisfying as it gets to watch…but it is draining, too.
You realize you have not bought a house. You have purchased 100 years of work to be caught up on. You will dream of plumbing. You will dream of vacation from plumbing. Really, you should just be grateful that the leak wasn’t in the disgustingly creepy basement..
No trailer to be had. But the four gentlemen are played by Fred Astaire, Melvyn Douglas, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., and John Houseman.
The New York Times today has a story about how vets in Los Angeles are performing brain surgery (modeled on human brain surgery techniques) on dogs (and 1 cat) with Cushing's disease, a pituitary gland tumor. Cushing's disease affects humans, but affects dogs at much higher rates. The canine (and feline) tissue samples are going to be used to develop drugs that will benefit both human and animal patients.
£ 4 outside of europe
He ran across the hall and threw open Benjamin’s door. A neatly made bed, a letter on the pillow. He grabbed it, ran back to his room, jerked his pants on over his pajamas, and ran downstairs in his socks. He’d catch him. Benjamin was on foot. He had to catch him. He scrawled on the flip side of the note, I’ve gone after him, pulled on his shoes and jacket, and flew down the stairs and into the dark.
The president needs some work on his passing, mis-hitting a pair off his knuckles. When May-Treanor passed the ball back to him, he acted like he was going to dive after it but decided to stay on his feet.
Jezebel, Queen, consort of Ahab, King of Israel
In a moment's digression, disparate dispersion, he returns to thought, having shared all with the One who he knows no bounds for. On this mountain, in this place, of this moment. This is where I have been for as long as I've been writing these words.
4. Do you have any specific snacks, drinks, or books planned?
- I am inspired by entrepreneurs who have already launched one (or several) business(es)
I love doing things for children so I jumped at the chance to be a part of this very special hop, I hope they will love my layout as much as I enjoyed making it! :)
Have a great day !
Janet Chapman is a talented author that has an endearing series of Highlander stories that are a must read if you love magic, time travel, kilts (I know I do!!), Scottish love and exciting plots. I started with her Highlander series and then moved on to read her Midnight Bay series, which incorporates some characters from the Highlander series.
Sr. Business Systems Analyst Vaco – Austin Austin, TX
Description: This is a digital set of stamps that all have the beautiful flowers and nuts from an Australian gumtree. Set includes 3 slightly different gumnut digitals, an oval frame with gumnuts blank and with the senitment already in place and lastly a precoloured blank oval. A great set to add to your collection for all your crafting projects.
After reports that the experience of running Flash on Android was never very good–many reviewers have pointed out that Flash doesn’t work terrifically well on Android tablets and that it drains batteries quickly–Adobe’s decision seems to validate Apple’s original point: Flash is bad for batteries and device stability.
The majority of the album is taken up by the four-part "Forest Floor" suite (this is also where the "new form of black metal" is to be found)."Forestfloor 1" opens with O'Malley's patented low-end guitar with dischordant mid-range guitar riffing pulsing in the center of the mix. Just as quickly, however, comes Peter Rehburg's hissing electronics, flittering back and forth throughout both speaker channels. The lo-fi guitars do not change much beyond the initial pattern played, though the low-end guitars slowly evolve as the electronic elements wax and wane in intensity, with occasional guitar feedback squealing like a dying animal (or machine) towards the end.
I think a lot of the folks who read this blog are writers. I don't know where I get that idea; it just popped into my head. I keep trying to focus the conversation on pro sports but you guys keep talking about books and stories instead. Well, if that's the way you're going to be, then fine. I can go with that. I'm not a difficult person. Okay, that's a lie. I am a difficult person, but I can talk about writing if you want. Really, I can. Here goes:
One of the least of these was Rolls Rosie, by writer Irma Benjamin and artist Harry Weinert. Syndicated by Philadelphia's Public Ledger Syndicate, it seems to have been either a replacement or a companion for Marjorie Henderson's panel, The Boy Friend. Rolls Rosie began sometime in late 1926 (earliest I've found are from December), and The Boy Friend has been seen later than that, so seemingly one was not a replacement for the other. However, these two features were run by most papers on a space-available basis, so the overlap might be illusory. The Ledger folks couldn't fit this feature into one of their own papers until January 1927, and then it was in the lowly tabloid Sun.
Roasted eggplant
No, I don't believe I'll be goin' back that way.
My reading tends to be eclectic and international in scope. While I’ll read the latest topics in American literature—such as Nathan Englander’s new collection of stories—I’m just as likely to pick up an Israeli, Japanese, or African novel or memoir.
Though acutely aware of how the economic climate has affected the art world, she has taken a positive stance on the situation, believing that it is in times of austerity that art and music really flourish.
What are the advantages of gold, for example in relation to the dollar?
Just then, the Chinese man leaps out from behind the pile of
We could all use a little influx of goodness in the world (or, as RK said: why don't they show THIS on the news?!). If you've seen it, watch it again, it's good for you. And, if you haven't, get your tissue box at the ready!
This last weekend I came “home” to Tucson to attend Stephanie Porter’s wedding. She is my cousin Jeff Porter and his wife Michelle’s oldest daughter and a University of Arizona grad, like both Rick and I. The wedding was gorgeous but was only part of an amazing weekend. To begin the weekend I had brunch that extended into lunch and then early afternoon with an amazing friend, Debbie Harvey, who I lived with for a time while teaching at ASDB. Debbie and I are opposite in many ways but alike in more and had a wonderful time catching up with each other. It was a special gift. Rick and I were also able to catch up with good friends from our first days of marriage, Dave and Cindy De Fer. We’ve spent time with Dave and Cindy both in Tucson and in San Diego where their boat is docked and we are always able to start up our relationship right where we left off the last time we were together.
2. Once the spines were cut off the publications so that all the pages consisted of loose sheets, the publications were scanned. The section to be scanned was selected from the registration database before the publication was put into the scanner. Scanning allowed a TIFF (‘Tagged Image File Format’) file to be created for each page of the publication. After the scanning, the TIFF file was transferred to an OCR (‘Optical Character Recognition’) server.
the thread is Flora size 20 but there is no color information as the ball is about 3/4th gone. The small bead is a 10/0 rocaille bead and the larger is one I found in the stash that has been accumulating over the years from all the daughter's crafting.
Yes, I’m talking to you, Michael Baybak, Elizabeth Baybak, Alan Atkinson-Baker, Sheila Atkinson-Baker, David Wilson, Bonita Wilson, Sky Dayton, Pat Clouden, Jennifer Sgroi-Stanzani, Cate Stanzani, Marian Kapusta, Alzbeta Kapusta, Ali Shawkat, Noor Shawkat. I’m talking to you, IAS Patrons and Patrons Meritorious. I’m talking to you, Tom Cruise.
This has been one of the most helpful note-taking methods I have learned, and I continue to practice it until this day.
Around noon the kids decided it was time to bundle up and head outside. The snowfall had died down just a little and every step we took made this awesome crunching noise.
This morning was great, Ed and I woke up and watched the MLK "I Have a Dream" Speech, and while we were watching it the girls woke up. So of course Eriana had tons of questions to ask. We were happy to answer her. I think it's sad that they don't teach Black History in schools, there is so much history there that just talking about it for one month in February really isn't just.
If the tree is on a town/village easement (along the street), then the town/village must agree to Con Ed's actions ahead of time. This would typically be the DPW department, but may be the town/village forester, Tree Commission, or sometimes even the town/village clerk. Depends on municipality.
It’s live, it’s love, it’s He
Card #1 K & Co. Sweet Nectar﻿ pad, Cardstock 2 Pinks, Dark Brown
Monday night, I arrived home from work and noticed a familiar looking baby blue Ford pickup in my driveway with what appeared to be either a power trowel or rototiller in the bed. I pulled up, parked my car and veered out my window thinking to myself, No way! There's just no way. I quickly made my way inside trying to remain incognito.
This post has been another long one, but I can assure you that you need to be aware of this information. Coupon fraud affects everyone. In essence, it is stealing, whether it happens intentionally or not. Someone has to pay for it, and it is always the consumers (us!!). Manufacturers then raise their prices, causing stores to raise theirs. And when it comes to coupons, fraud discourages manufacturers from distributing them and stores from accepting them.
My mother called. She had just called Meals on Wheels and explained the situation. The director didn't want to kill her. Wednesday was fine.
Coach Disco brought the system that won the team the Cup in 2009; it’s now Spring 2012. Teams have had time to build and adjust to it, and while it’s still effective against less-talented and slower teams, teams of equal speed and skill have found way to counter it. During the off-season, a “B” system to implement against teams like Philadelphia needs to be constucted, or the Penguins are going to continue to lose to them.
The girl zombie (Dalila Di Lazzaro) with the perforated gallbladder languishing amongst the tubes and electrodes of the film's primary laboratory is a shining example of healthy womanhood. The boy zombie, however, is another story completely. Unsatisfied with the quality of the heads floating around in the towns and villages on the outskirts of his castle in Vojvodina, Baron Frankenstein (Udo Kier) and Otto (Arno Juerging), the Baron's sycophantic lab assistant, are determined to find a head worthy of their hunky torso. Hoping to complete his boy zombie so that it can mate with his already put together girl zombie, Frankenstein needs to find a head that boasts a Serbian nose ("the perfect nasum"), yet, at the same time, has the brain of a sex maniac (a head that contains the brain of a prudish blacksmith will not do).
Northstar Restaurant & Brewery Mahogany
When I first mentioned the idea of writing a blog to Scott, he advised against it because we fly to France to visit my family every year. "You're going to get hammered for that" he said.
Also, we updated our blinkie since we have paper now! Check it out!
Anyway, back to my First Confession. Everybody wanted Father Gould because he was y0ung and handsome and friendly. One of those Father What-a-Wastes that young Catholic girls pine over but can never have. I waited and waited and finally got in to see the good Father. Father Gould made the process as easy and painless as possible, and despite being nervous that I would screw up the rote recitation of prayers and responses, I made it through with flying colors. I’ll never forget this one girl in my class who couldn’t handle First Confession or any others, actually. For years I would feel desperately sorry for her as she would work herself up into a teary frenzy whenever it was our class’s turn to go to Confession.
The other effect of teaching starting is like having my brain jump-started. A summer of reading and occasional writing and, let's face it, growing lethargy, didn't help at all. But now that I have to get up, have to get my classes ready, and have to go out and teach, my energy levels are up, my brain is firing again, and my motivation is returning.
Peter Schiff: Yes. In fact, it will going a lot higher. All the central banks are printing money, and the more money they are printing the more things will cost, as reflected in the price of oil.
I swear I’ve interviewed her at length about her work, and have been laboring in vain to find a finished or published piece, aside from my brief mention of her in No Applause. In the 90s I was working on a piece on radical street theatre for American Theatre that got aborted; and in 2004 I wrote a piece on protest theatre for the Village Voice. It may have been for one of those. At any rate, I did come across some fragments I jotted down for another aborted piece on Circus Amok I seem to have started a few years ago after seeing one of their performances. Apropos of nothing, here they are…
Needs no words or language,
Twelve hours later the country dwellers returned to recover his body. They had lived on cereals and fruit for so long that they had forgotten the taste of meat; so few living things had survived the Eclipse. It had been an opportunity too tempting to pass up – the rumour of a solitary city man, ripe for the picking. It wouldn’t be the first human they had eaten, but given the decline of man it could very well be the last.
The first is related to the popular song contest “Eyal Golan is Calling You” (at least popular here), where the contestants are trying to become the best Mizrahi-singer in Israel, or at least winner of a contest, where the genre is Mizrahi. Mizrahi is a special genre of music, which kind of can be described as a mix of Greek and Arab music, song in Hebrew. It was the form of expression for the Mizrahi Jews (hence the name), who are Jews from the Arab countries, in earlier decades, where their social standings typical were below the average social standings, and there was a general discrimination against them. It wasn’t very mainstream until Zohar Argov, the “King of Mizrahi,” had his success and opened the genre for the wider Israeli public. Later he was followed by stars such as Zehava Ben, Ofra Haza, Sarit Hadad, and already mentioned Eyal Golan.
I will also say it has NOT cured me....(yet!!) ..... but I have found it very beneficial.
Thursday night opening 6pm-10pm, then daily 9am – 6pm.
Anyways, when I do get around to reviewing BR I will be keeping HG out of it. I personally do see many of the similarities presented in both works; however, they both shine in their own ways and I want each one of them to soak up the praises without the other one taking away some of the glory.
Craft buttons
To trek on into the black and brown
Position the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 F. Butter the inside of a 9-inch square baking dish or a 2-quart soufflé dish or gratin pan.
Here are my bloggers for you to look at – please do if you get a chance. Thanks again – Susie
a maybe even a little old man
B. K. Rana,
Box 10:
Our memory is only as good as the use it gets. So, with phones that store all our numbers, with post-its and plain notepads that store our to-do lists, with books that we can refer whenever we need to, with online dictionaries that save us the trouble of remembering what words like macaronic or saprostomous mean, it seems like our memory really gets very limited use. Such as, perhaps, where we saw our keys last, or what someone’s name is, or remembering to pay our rent on time. Unless, of course, you are in a business that depends on your ability to remember. Being a cabbie in London, for instance. Foer writes that:
“Money Shot”
In a large bowl, beat eggs together. Sift flour into eggs and beat together. (Note: coconut flour often has clumps, hence the sifting.) Add the shredded zucchini, sea salt and freshly ground black pepper. Heat a large skillet and add your desired oil.
Now she’s out like the light you’ll forever try to mend
Zaav grew up in his brother’s shadow, and resented it by every indication. He respected his father and did his best to win at 20 questions with his mother. His younger sister Anne was barely a part of his life most of the time. He enjoyed adventuring and generally getting himself into trouble whenever possible, taking great pride in his collection of souped-up pistols. He approached romance with an eye to practicality and personal gain, taking the stance that, as long as one can have one’s mistress, the rest will sort itself out in time. The social game was as much a distraction as a means to an end in some ways, but it was one he always played out competitively.
I want you to have that virtual cup of tea with me and we'll pretend that we are sitting around sipping tea and giggling over something or talking about our kids, our men, our veggie gardens, our pets, how to crochet, whether I bake every day or if I have baking disasters
Then I advised her that we tucked our shirts IN in the 80s. She reluctantly did that. She wore a white tee tucked into her jeans under the jacket and then wore the boots. Maddy found a funky flower headband and I showed her how I would have worn it back then AND she wore her dads glasses. She looked so RAD!
i just saw this online and can’t even believe it it’s real life. in a society that glamorizes eating disorders, this is beyond absurd and repulsive. this is, in so many ways, condoning being sick and making anorexia into a fashion statement, forgetting that is a cruel, unforgiving, and often fatal disease. what trend is this?
dried orange peels
Alex left this morning for Seattle to start his new job. He'll be there for almost two weeks. I have been left behind to "organize" for the move and I think I'm doing a very good job -- the apartment is now dotted with lots of important piles. To anyone else, our apartment looks like it's been ransacked by a herd of angry rhinoceros pillagers. But to me -- meh, that's pretty much what it looks like to me, too.
Please join me in an attitude of prayer, as we share this reading from Marianne Williamson:
Then there were stairs–the creepy kind, with no railings or edges.
Where I have felt very weak in my physical strength, believing that I could not be a runner, I have excelled spiritually. This is not of my own doing but rather it is Christ’s Spirit within me. When I became a believer 10.5 years ago, God unleashed a passion in my heart for His word, His knowledge and wisdom. I began to keep a prayer journal and have been studying the Bible nearly every day since. My spiritual routine or training comes very naturally. My hour and a half each morning that I spend with God is something I need and yearn for each and every day. Effortless, fun, stress relieving and life enhancing is how I would describe my time with God each morning. Some people might say that I am over the top or crazy. Some Christians might envy this practice and commitment, thinking that they could never be that disciplined. These were my sentiments towards people who trained to run races, at least until now. Making the spiritual connection towards training is really starting to click for me.
at the Africa Social Forum, Lusaka, Zambia
A team of scientists in Australia are doing just that. The team is focusing on high-throughput, next-generation DNA sequencing technique that can identify all of the ingredients inside the medicine simultaneously. This approach contrasts greatly with previous methods which focused on identifying one specific target at a time and which could only detect compounds rather than specific species of plants or animals.
Is tired with standing, though he never fight.
Doan and Karen are allergic to whiskey and Spanky is addicted to Jameson.
get thrown to Harper, so he can prosper, and then sent back to a hand, that may be can help the land.
I haven’t seen Titanic since December of 1997. That’s on purpose. I’ve accidentally seen random scenes here and there on TV, but other than that, my memory of the film is ENTIRELY based on my recollection from that one, single viewing. I wrote this blog over the course of a couple of weeks, and I discussed some of my points with some known Titanic fans throughout the process. I’ve come to realize that some of the details of my arguments (specifically relating to the ins and outs of the specific plot) are possibly not entirely accurate. I’ve decided to leave the points as-is, and am planning a follow-up post where I re-watch the film in its 2D entirety, and adjust my opinions as needed. I promise to be honest with my re-assessment.
If the right people don’t know about your work your work doesn’t matter. It may be important. It may be valuable. But, you’ll never get ahead if those over you don’t know your value and accomplishments.
Thank you gypsies. xxxxxxxxxxxx
"It became glaringly obvious to me at a very young age that
That's the Craft Camp when you find yourself resentfully unpacking everything before it gets out the door, because another family member has fallen prey to the stomach bug lurgy, and you realise that you just have to accept that what you want to happen is not going to happen.
2. The Unfied Field is nitya and apaurusheya. Nitya means eternal, and apaurusheya means not made by anyone. Unified Field is a self-sustained, eternal reality endowed with all the values of silence and all the values of dynamism.
Imagine if one million in conjucntion focused a white robe on the planet — good golly Ms Molly! That would be a power the black Cabal could not touch; the air would clear, the Ozone would heal; the mentally ill would be untaxed; every newborn child would be blessed.
The ICAC chart is not the whole story, according to our further evidence. The actual amounts siphoned off by Chia in kickbacks from Sabah’s timber trade amounted to billions of dollars say insiders.
During the performance she staggered about on the stage as the audience laughed at her mock drunken antics. She fell to the floor to the sound of uproarious cheers. Marie had if fact collapsed.
Place one layer of the plain genoise on the cake serving platter.
*We would also LOVE for you to follow our blog on Google Friend Connect and/or Facebook. This way you can be updated on our parties AND you will get to see lots of fun food!
Unintended consequences are outcomes that are not the outcomes intended by a purposeful action. The concept of unintended consequences has been studied for centuries, cleverly disguised as psychology, sociology, and generally, any interrelations of personality, values, and mind with social structure and culture. It is no coincidence that this concept is prevalent in both the studies of economics and social science as they are interrelated, intertwined, and certainly not mutually exclusive events. But for as long as unintended consequences have been studied by economists and social scientists alike, it seems that politicians and popular opinions haven’t taken a lesson in…well, never.
So, on Bob Mould's tip and then being absorbed by the utter wonderfulness of GBV's (seventh full length LP!) Bee Thousand, I went back and picked up the then-available back catalog, which at the time consisted of probably 3 CDs: Vampire on Titus / Propeller (both albums on one CD), and maybe a couple 8-song, 12-minute-long EPs. I didn't really take to any of it bar the odd song or two on any of the pre-B1000 material, but I was head-over-heels in love with B1000. And I've always remained so, this record's songs are always ranked in the higher reaches of my most-played tracks in iTunes. Nevertheless, with me needing either smokes, beer, or both, and not being completely floored by the VoT / Propeller CD, it got sold back not long after purchase in 1995. And I never really heard it, or (m)any of its tracks, again.
It seems that the Treasury position is that the TAIL transaction was “legitimate” and conducted at open market values, though how to square that with NAMA’s claims isn’t immediately obvious.
to live restlessly,
Well our family is currently on holiday in New Zealand, so I have timed this blog post and I'm hoping it goes to plan. If I manage to get some computer time while I'm away, I will try and pop around and leave some love.
(if need be, you shall again have every one of those houses
(Christina, cont.) I also love how you can really get the essence of a lot of different foods by putting together a few shapes. My most popular plushes tend to be the ones with the least complicated patterns.
On the backpacking southern california may even include transportation to a court hearing and the California divorce lawyer's office is located. However, it is not surprising to see and do in California. There are around 96,500 acres of gardens, classic hotels provide rejuvenating spa treatments to you and your family.
It's really cool to think about the positions and roles in this book and how they would affect our love lives if we applied them in real life. It's an experiment I plan on putting to the test soon ;)
I LOVE how Martha does white!
I’ve told you before that I love fully, so the idea that I didn’t try everything to make it work – that stayed with me for a bit, until I realized that some things are worth fighting for and some things just are not. I also realized that I did actually fight for something in this situation. I fought for me. And in doing so, I think I gained back just a few of the pieces of me that I lost while with him. And if it took not going to NYC to do that – I’d do it again in a heartbeat.
I did well in my last 2 tests...topped the class and got distinctions so all good there...I am also on top of the assignments too.
Iceland is the only place on earth where the meeting of two tectonic plates occurs above sea level and, as a result, is being pulled apart at the rate of approximately 2cm per year. Most of the geological activity occurs along the ridge line where the North American and Eurasion tectonic plates meet, but not exclusively; there are still several other volcanic systems that lie east of the plate divide.
Something needs to be done, it is said. But it’s been said many times before and all the indications are that the crisis is just getting worse.
When we are children, we are taught to share. We are taught to “play nice”. When one child does something inappropriate to another, they are reprimanded. If two children pair up to do something to a third child, both instigating children are found equally culpable, even when one points the finger at the other and said “she told me to!”, or “it was his idea!”. What caused the circumstance is rarely an issue. We care about making it RIGHT, and holding accountable those who contributed to the problem. We don’t care whose idea it was, who pressured who into action….both are guilty, right?
Every White country and ONLY White countries are expected to ‘mix’ out of existence
I don’t want my conception of myself to get in the way of pursuing things I like or from discovering talents I may have. I’ve put off art for too long, and it’s time to see what I’m made of. Though I don’t think that identities are things that we, as humans, can avoid, I don’t want to be bound by mine.
Thanks to everyone who came to my panels and signings! Thanks also to YART, especially Natasha, Jennifer, Renee and the whole SPOT committee...to Barb and the whole crew at Permabound...and of course Deb, Hilary, Jenny and Sharon from Candlewick!
This past weekend was absolutely amazing. My husband splurged and got me the best birthday present ever..........a full weekend with the great photographer Deb Layden. She came out to California to teach me how to use flash (as well as showing me many other great photography secrets). She even brought her darling daughter with her. Both Chloe and Pearl took an instant liking to her and were sad to see her leave.
No, the real issue is that the maven invocation kept on leaving firefox windows hanging around, causing the integration server to eventually crash. This is caused by a resource leak in the handling of the webdriver instances. We had this once before, caused by our code having lazy instantiations of the driver. Not a good idea.
Wisconsin is a state with progressive urban areas and politically diverse rural areas. Progressive Majority's state-based approach to candidate recruitment and development is well-suited to adapting to unique political environments such as this.
(Note: I actually had the blue colored background, but do not worry because they do have a personnel just near to the photocopier, who could touch up your existing color to their required white background - RM10 for 4 pieces)
Kids?
to quell the forces being mobilized against them, where will you stand?
4 notion
3 Scream Thy Last Scream 4:40 August 7, 1967 - Malcom Jones Mix 1987
Going in to today I had heard the buzz about Challenge Day, but not much more. There is a show in M.TV called "If You Really Knew.Me" which showcases schools around the country who have used this program. To keep myself truly in the dark I've not watched one episode but have heard my students commenting about the program. I guess it is pretty close to what I experienced today.
Benediction
Blend the wet ingredients into the dry for about 20 seconds. Be gentle.
Veggies — I should have put this at the top of my list. This one really grates. What is wrong with “vegetables”? Are we children, that we need cute words to entice us to eat foods that are good for us?
1/2 cup agave nectar (or honey)
step 5: Add more text on another layer. We can't forget the groom, so we'll make sure the text tool is selected and create a new text layer by clicking somewhere else in the photo. (Just for the fun and frustration of it, try clicking near a word you have already typed and it will snap back to that layer instead of creating a new one. If this ever happens, you can avoid it by holding "Shift" while clicking.) When the text is highlighted you can move it wherever you like (your cursor will become a move tool when it's outside the highlighted part—just click and drag).
real gold. Foolishness is where
PeaceLoveandSharpies
What I want.
1 grip
This beach house by BKK changes everything you envisage about a holiday house, while keeping all the simple ideals of the shack of my childhood.
Then it is time for Letting Go!
The definition of spiritually in a nutshell is very simple, it means to understand spirit. To understand spirit we must come out from the mind. The mind can never understand spirit because it is part of the body. Only the heart, your own being, your very essence can understand spirit. And you can never know spirit through labels. You can only know through experience. Take time to step out of your mind and connect to your being. As you practice this exercise, more and more often you will see that the world and it’s beauty open up to you in the silent spaces of mind.
My start time is 9.30. We are made to get in early to be ready to take calls at our start time. For all the systems we have to log into now this means 10 minutes at least, though you can cut the time down by logging into the most used clients systems first and putting the customer on hold if its for another client.. “sorry the systems down” covers up a whole host of sins.
*Mesh shower scrubbies
“Yes, walk about 40 yards down the sidewalk and turn left until you see…”
Sixteen hath fed our fighting-line
Naspers follows the exact same cautious approach when reporting on matters of Christianity, with the full realization that the vast majority of their readers are Christian. Ninety-nine percent of their reporting in this regard follows the same approach applied by the international Main Stream Media, which has a tendency to either show contempt for the Christian faith, or a tendency to create confusion and disorder in this regard.
A pretty apartment
You may not know this, but I actually like the original Hans Christian Andersen story, even though it doesn't have a happy ending. A lot of people dislike the original because of this and like to believe that Disney's version is the official one. I'm always surprised when people don't know the original tale, but many don't. Maybe it's sadistic of me, but I do like a heartbreaking story. My favorite retelling so far is Caroyln Turgeon's MERMAID, which grabbed me because it was based more on the original tale than it was the more well-known version. I love that it's told from two POVs, only one being the mermaid's, and the other being the princess we all forget about as we read. Plus, the writing is beautiful!
Necklace: Thrifted
Details to follow at the bottom of the post.
As I've thought about all the definitions and interpretations, I have come to realize something that I believe. And, it's something I need to embrace and live.
On Sundays I have a Japanese study group that meets at Starbucks, and yesterday I happened to meet a lovely gothic lolita (making three of us in all in that group, plus another one who wasn't dressed in goth loli that day) with whom I am now planning to revolutionize our local community. Translation: we need tea meetups every week. Also, we think there should be more gothic (in addition to sweet loli) vendors at various events, and accordingly will combine our crafting powers. Watch for more news on the subject! Seriously, it was like one of those wonderful chance encounters I would write for my characters--except it happened to me, in real life! Remarkable, no?
4. The Corin Tucker Band - Dragon
Cameron’s character will be the making of him. Everyone who meets him says he’s special. I hope in time he will see it for himself and make the most of it.
A. Bad news. You probably will. Hopefully, if we do this right, it will be a long time, but in the end you spend a lot of time in your house and things eventually just feel tired after some time. Good news. Paint is your friend. It is relatively inexpensive and easy to change.
To beginning crafters I might seem to be somewhat advanced, but I want to emphasize the fact that I am still learning. The pieces I have shared with you here are basically the extent of my knowledge. The only other endeavor I tackled was making a headband with a giant bow and sparkly gemstones for my friend Danielle (who is in love with all things flashy with bows)
Heinrich Schumann founded the second porcelain factory in the town of Arzberg in 1876. By 1879, however, that factory had to close because its buildings were in the way of the railway that was being built. This railway served to connect Arzberg to other areas of Germany.
Oh, you're gonna find yourself somewhere, somehow
6. Now Sleeps The Crimson Petal 3:10
If you have multiple e-mail addresses, you’ll probably want to check Choose key according to account. I personally do not like having the passphrase remembered for any given period of time, show the passphrase, or allow Keychain to store the passphrases.
Hi guys, I’m back! I’m here with the Right and Wrong from this year’s Golden Globes. Some women hit it right on target, color-wise, some were dead wrong, and some were right AND wrong. Let’s jump in.
please comment below :)
Matt Jarreau was a famous hockey player that only wanted to be left alone. He had suffered a terrible tragedy and kept to himself. He didn't socialize and only went to his job and back home - content to be alone. There were times Matt really tugged at my heart.
I am even now, to this day, irrationally attracted to crayola markers.
I'm not actually a huge fan of draft Guinness. It's too thin to support what would otherwise be a rich spectrum of flavors. The Extra Stout is perpetually on my short list of world's best, but it's a very dense, thick beer. The head is brown and the body silky from the heft of all that malt. I was really hoping to see something along these lines, not a product designed, if the masterbrewer is any guide, to appeal to the summer palates of American drinkers. Call it a gentleman's C- on the patented ratings scale. A great shame.
Yeah. I guess that makes sense on some level. That’s all I can say about that.
The report scrutinized the effects of a New York Times review on the sales of 244 fiction hardcover books. A negative review for established authors led to a 15% decrease in sales. A negative review for unknown authors increased sales by 45%. That’s quite an increase.
*Lovely surroundings
Of course, we had tons of great meals and even better wine! My favorite meal was in the little Medieval town of Chinon where we ate at the Musée Animée du Vin, an awesome all-you-can-eat, all you can drink place with hilarious owners. Would definitely recommend this place, as it was one of the most fun and BEST meals that I've ever had in France.
1) Exactly how many serial killers are running around Portland at any particular point in time?
The first episode, profiling a former janitor who rose up to buy the factory where he worked, blew past expectations in the first 48 hours, with not only near 1 million views. But it garnered particular notice for its particularly high engagement on those views, by generating nearly 5000 Facebook shares in that time, and another 1000 since.
Hello! I hope you had a great weekend! Since I spent the better part of Sunday morning in our yard pulling weeds (and ruining my fingernails) and trimming bushes, I thought a post about the new greenery in our house was rather appropriate:)
the singer bleats at the crowd in a taunting manner (Abraham, 2011). Another performance in 2001, (SiN3MATIC, 2009) shows the band performing a more aggressive version of Fugazi’s band/audience banter and displaying their frustrations at the uncooperative crowd.
mineral makeup offers the added benefit of creating
In the last month, newspapers and museum staff emphasized the links they see between “the old Chazen” and “the new Chazen,” as one docent described the buildings today. The bridge that connects the two buildings has become an icon. The Wisconsin State Journal called it a “bridg[e] of inspiration.” At today’s opening, the Chazen’s director Russell Panczenko characterized the bridge as a symbol of the Chazen’s connection to its own history and links to greater Madison.
The Council of Brooklyn Neighborhoods dubbed it a “mid-summer surprise.” Develop Don’t Destroy Brooklyn called it a “contemptible slap in the face to the people of Brooklyn and the taxpayers of New York State.” Jim Stuckey, president of Forest City Ratner’s Atlantic Yards Development Group, called it “a very good day for the thousands of families that will be looking for affordable housing.” And Charles Gargano, chairman of the Empire State Development Corporation (ESDC), called it another step toward—to paraphrase the developer’s now-shelved slogan—hoops, jobs, and housing.
Driving out of the parking garage at my workplace this morning I happened to spy the nifty little warning light on my dashboard telling me that one of my brand new tires was suffering from low air pressure. Since my parking spot in the huge impersonal edifice dedicated to efficiently storing as many cars as possible is on a slight incline, I did not readily notice any sort of tilt in my car as I approached it minutes earlier. I would have liked to have pulled into another empty spot so I could have checked to see which tire was in trouble and just how low it had become but at that moment I was being swarmed by the nearly insane day shift personnel trying their best to all get parked at the same time. On a side note was is even more disturbing is the footrace that takes place after the oncoming shift gets out of their cars.
* still even good stuff still happens and I managed to win a hardback farrow & ball design book in a giveaway across at Lobster and Swan yay! Go and check out her blog it really is lovely...
Dreamville, New Mexico by Giant Sand
Mahaney: Carl how do you feel about the conference?
Happy crafting everyone!
Claudia is one the far right and the teenager third from left is not a judge but a writer: Isabel Adomakoh Young is half of Zizou Corder, whose Halo was on the shortlist.
Me: Well thank goodness you did.
rightful place.
Today was a warm day in Johannesburg. Winter here has been really cold and unpleasant...although nothing compared to some of the snowy/icy countries, we are not really geared for very cold weather, as central heating is very, very uncommonly found in houses here.
For my first card I used the large dots background stamp - stamping in four colors and then stitching together - then added a digital image from the CHF shop. Below I used another background stamp together with two stamps from the new Beautiful stamp collection
wardrobe for striking images, a similar blend of proto-
“We have observed a spike in domain name transfers, which are running above normal rates and which we attribute to Go Daddy’s prior support for SOPA, which was reversed,” newly appointed Go Daddy CEO Warren Adelman said in a statement.
Identity as intellectual self-defence
Every now and then I take down one of them, flip through it and reminisce. I usually pick one at random, but every now and then I hit on number 17, the one that chronicles my first trip to New Zealand in 1991. I have been back several times since then, but this book contains the details of a sighting, that have bothered me for far too many years by now.
I know I don't post a lot of events, even though I do get a lot of releases on them, but I'm feeling particularly good about Allagash and Rob Tod today, after coming across this video yesterday. Check out Rob talking about me and Curieux and Ommegang and dill starting around 39:45.
Meanwhile my husband looked up Earthlink to see if they are on our street now and YES they are!! We will be saving 50.00 a month for the same type of freestanding dsl as Comcast!!! They were always better and kept their word and their prices affordable, so go check them out, because I checked and others are complaining about comcast too and most swear like us they were never notified or at least not clearly!!
Several players decide on to deposit with original bonuses. These scenarios spend back rebates around a collection amount. This procedure works this way … a 100% deposit match up to $500 may possibly release in $10 increments till you’ve got reached the maximum rebate, or until you have to re-deposit. While these bonuses are marketed within a method in which tends to make them look appealing, a cautious take a look at the math shows that rakeback may supply a greater return around time. And, should you signal up through a rakeback affiliate, you might still be able to gather rakeback although you’re working on deposit and other bonuses.
But when I read a lot of teen books, I often worry about the way I see death and bereavement portrayed. In fact I find it bothers me far far more than anything to do with sex or drugs or violence. And those are the subjects that invite debate and controversy. The messages that YA books give about death are less likely to be challenged.
I have a deep admiration for women who work with their hands
At first I tried to stay relatively anonymous. After a few months, however, I shared the blog with a coworker who praised it. And when I started getting freelance assignments and linking the sites on my page, I realized my anonymous days were pretty much over. (I do restrict my personal Facebook page, but if you'd like to become a fan of the blog click here.)
For all this, however, Sea Hearts doesn't quite manage to escape from the core difficulty of its underlying myth, the opposition it forces between human and seal women. The characters who speak draw a stark comparison between the fleshy, imperfect, demanding human wives, and the endlessly yielding, accommodating, and of course eerily beautiful sea wives, and though Lanagan complicates that comparison in the sea wives' case, by showing us their sadness at being trapped on land, she can't quite get around the way the land wives seem earthy and mundane by comparison. When Dominic Mallett, the young man who returns to the island to sell his parents' house, tells us about his fiancée, he describes her as practical, cautious, clever, and the way that she is filtered through the narrative--especially after he meets "his" sea wife, who is of course ethereal and unearthly--makes these qualities seem dull and plodding.
Recently, I posed the questions and got similar responses (though from a much smaller group):
Tomas Osmeña’s message is clear, Sinulog should not be mixed with politics!
Gotta keep my head held high
A. Oh boy, this is so tricky, not the keeping the secret part, but the just listening part. I am so used to being the oldest son in an Arabic community, where people come to ask for your advice, your opinion, and even your decision. Obviously I’m married to an English rose, and a lot of the time, she is happy to listen to me, but sometimes she just needs someone to listen to her.
He will do it again for us.
Whole Wheat*
Hubby is looking on his computer and he finds something new to try. We go to the file and have it validate the quicken that we are using. It says it found 20 errors in the scheduled transactions. All Right. Getting somewhere. Well, NO. it found them but I think that’s all it did. found them and validated them and knows they are there but didn’t fix them or delete them or anything. Back to where we started. Open Quicken, Open Scheduled Transactions, Try to do anything, Crash Quicken. slumped shoulders, heavy sigh, head in hands, curses out the ying yang, Grrr, Argh times 1000.
Alyssa and I compared renting a house for the weekend with staying at a hotel and we ended up going with the hotel. There are definite pros and cons to each, but because of the size of our group, we decided that a hotel would be simpler (finding a house that sleeps 15 is difficult). If you have a group of 6-8, I think staying in a house would be ideal and recommend vrbo.com (Vacation Rental by Owner) as a great resource. We chose to stay at one of the many hotels along Bay Street, mostly for the great central location. We were only a block from River St. and City Market, areas that are rich in bars and restaurants.
be picked up now all the time.
My daughter is a healthy, happy girl who has hit and exceeded all of her milestones. She is speaking on a kindergarten level and is extremely bright. She amazes me everyday. I have been a preschool teacher. I know you need to look out for warning signs but not being able to put on a backpack correctly, cutting with scissors correctly or being quiet are not always signs of delays. They are things I need to keep a close eye on and practice with her but I feel this is going to the extreme.
I also incorporate a character asset to work on while working at that choice-- in Read to Self, it is "independence" that kids are working on, as well as increasing their stamina.
My Mothers Day parcel today was precious. The card was so obviously chosen by a son, the words he wrote inside were honest and sincere. In buying my present the help he received from Georgia was evident. A childrens' cook book, a macaron making kit, a tiny box of four pretty chocolates and a book. I've never made macarons in my life but looks like that is about to change. I'm pretty sure Georgia thought that set was a cake icing set (and no doubt we will adapt it to be just that), and my son wouldn't have known the difference. But I'm thankful that he knows whatever makes Georgia happy will make me happy.
ACLU Finds Local Police Tracking Cellphones Without Warrants
in the same way at least, having
Exclusive: Joe Miller sounds alarm over deal to put land in hands of Putin’s Kremlin
Use the following questions to consider if your desire for marriage has become a demand:
And Now, now that you've come home
Nothing to share tonight, did have one but both me and OH are down with flu. He hasn't got up all day, I've had to deal with kids best i can. Bless them they both jumped either side of me in bed with arms round me. Such a treat :)
Bérénice Bejo, The Artist
PftW is kind of about an alien invasion but not the kind of alien invasion you‘d expect. It’s much closer to something like Saving Private Ryan or The Oregon Trail and almost polar opposite of something like Battle: Los Angeles or Skyline. The plot is about a young twenty-something named HC Diego, the “world’s worst poet” (at least in his own words) and a bulls eye with his M1 Carbine, who journeys with an 8-year-old named Aimée Dumont from Buffalo, NY to Dulce, NM. The journey starts off simple but along the way they run into danger, battles, friends, and newfound lessons. There’s going to be action, adventure, and plenty of poetry as well.
with no effort or resources put into
Luxe Sweets
The hosts continued to press for an equaliser and Frank Lampard went close shortly after coming off the bench while John Terry saw his header cleared off the line by Santon.
"Sige na Neil. Don't text back anymore. I'll call you soon. I'm really happy you remembered.
An attorney with the Shapiro, Lewis & Appleton law firm has written about a driver who fled the scene of an accident on U.S. 29, then, within minutes of that first wreck, slammed head-on into another car on Va. 151. This driver’s behavior is a prime example of how NOT to drive. To learn more, read “Driver Involved in Two Accidents Within Minutes.”
This is how rituals and rules are supposed to work. You are in this love relationship with God. You have given your life to Him. You want to know more of Him. You want Him to know more of you. You need/want to connect with Him. There are a thousand ways to do that. There are a thousand tools to journey with Him on. Let’s take reading your Bible. We know that meditating on the Word (on Scripture) transforms our thinking. It helps us gain God’s perspective and let go of our own fallen one. There are times on this journey when spending routine daily times in this book is a powerful expression of love. Maybe it takes you from here to here in communicating and expanding your love with God. Then there is prayer. Some days you are going to need to invest deeply into prayer. There is fasting. When something is weighing on your heart in a major way – you need to fast. There is coming here and worshiping on Sunday morning.
Watches are the accessories that not only are considered to be the explicit fashion accessories but also provide unlimited functionality attributes as well. Gone are the days when the watches were only used to manage time in an efficient manner. The watches of today are complemented with various other features which the users can choose according to their needs.
by Neil Postman
It might seem strange (might?) that I'm taking this tack on Easter but there is a good (maybe not necessarily good, per se, at least not in a literal sense) reason for it (500 free One Cosmos At Sea credits to the first one who guesses the right answer...to, um, use in my online store!...after I build one...and stock it).
FUTURE ACADEMICIANS:
I woke peacefully as normal on Friday morning and saw an unexpected text message on my phone from the night before. It was from someone I once knew that no longer talks with me. I could only see a little of the message because it was sent to the email address associated with my phone number and included a title, but I could see enough that made it obvious that it was about me, but apparently intended to be sent to someone else. Therefore, many thoughts went through my head of what must have happened. Since it was a reply to one of my old texts she must have tried to send it to a friend or other person just to bash me in some way. Or……. it’s some kind of game that would fit perfectly with her personality and daily strategies. I believe it was bashing me to someone though and suggested I was replying to her poetry with my poems. What the…..??? So, now my mind has to be distracted as I worry that tyrannical thoughts will conclude whatever I write is for that person? One thing the message definitely confirmed is that I’m being watched daily and very closely. This fact bothered me for the first half of Friday, but I was later able to laugh it off and take it as a reminder of all I’m NOT missing. I’ll continue to write without the worry of misconceptions. Also, I’ll appreciate even more about all I have in my life now.
(Other Governors, including William Hobby, Ma Ferguson, Dan Moody, Beauford Jester, Allan Shivers, Price Daniel, John Connally, Preston Smith, and Ann Richards would also have their inaugural balls at the Driskill.)
Printspace
public buildings and stores,
For me, I still feel like Ebay is slow. Sales are starting to pick up, but I just wish they would pick up faster. I sold 6 items this week of which 5 of them were Buy It Now listings. I made almost $115, so I made a decent profit. Right now I'm averaging between 25 and 30 items listed everyday, but hoping to double my listings this week and have at least 50 items listed by the end of the week.
It’s interesting to note that the Sachs Race Engineering website no longer details Rotary dampers as part of their range. Instead conventional Linear dampers and a Through-Rod version of the same, form the basis of their product range and their current Formula1 teams use these Linear format dampers.
Thanks for hopping by!!
You have given this salesperson all of the training…motivation…and inspiration… you can possibly give them…
In many ways this book confirmed the things I already knew about my own pain and how to best manage it. I haven’t missed a day of work this year because of pain, because I can manage it and because I have understanding students, colleagues and boss. My students are fantastic in that if I tell them that I am having a “dumb” day they respect that it might take me longer to reply to them. They can be my arms and hands and write on the white board when the pain is to bad. My colleagues check in on my class if I need to lay down for a bit. My boss encouraged me to make use of the company health care. I’m lucky.
Street parking is a challenge. Parking restriction sign posts, which we use frequently to tie up our bikes, are missing in Taipei. So are thin trees which also are frequently used for parking. Formal parking tends to have wheel bender racks.
Just Us Coffee Roasters, $10 for 300g bag
My plea grew in intensity by sharing that my favorite aunt was the most stylish person I knew and that she also loved beautiful shoes and taught me to buy "good" and stylish shoes. She had a huge walk-in closet and allowed if not encouraged my spending time there trying on and modeling her wonderful shoes.
14th – 16th September Fiery Foods UK Victoria Gardens, Grand Parade, Brighton, BN1 8TG Cooking demos, live music, and the Infamous Chilli-Eating Contest. National Chilli Awards including the Amateur Hot Sauce Competition. www.fieryfoodsuk.co.uk/content/Events
Don't know what a shag is?
The trick is to apply the paint thinly, with a large, very dry brush. This way the paint won't drip and will dry quickly so the paint can be layered easily. I used artist's acrylic (not craft paint) because the colours are more saturated and the quality is better. I don't buy the most expensive kind, though. I buy whatever is between kid's acrylic paint and professional grade (I switch brands and stores).
As always Sunday's are my lazy day so no listing of ingredients etc .. .. but if anyone wants to know what anything is then just ask away.
So I’m here to tell you that my triathlon goals have been dashed because my toes like to smooch as I walk.
- We had reposado tequila
Congratulations B!
There’s a second half? Yes.
meandering hike
That’s the only quiet, secure place
The second trade was with Nick at Dime Box. We have made few trades and this was a quick PWE trade. He pulled the Matt Cain green mini from Gypsy Queen and sent it my way and included a nice Willie McCovey insert. I have decided to go all in on Gypsy Queen and try and complete all the parallels of the Giants. Let me know if you have any for trade. I will try and get a want list posted under my parallel tab soon.
And....there is another shipment on the way!! OHHHH! This is like waiting for Santa!
This spring the Driskill will be releasing The Driskill Hotel: Stories of Austin’s Legendary Hotel/A Cookbook for Special Occasions , featuring historical tales collected by Turk Pipkin and recipes from the brilliant Chef Bull.
What is your astrological sign, and do you feel it describes you?
This is the kind of thing we can go & see in our National Parks. Great huh? We went to visit with some relatives that were staying in the caravan here. We stayed for the evening as the wombats all come out at dusk. We had one wallaby hanging around the barbecue shed while we had our tea. That wallaby even came right around to watch us eat as you can see in the picture of Stu & BJ. Wallaby is above the table there. So cool! BJ had a great time checking out all the animals. We saw loads of kangaroos in the distance in one section of the park. Also some potaroos, kookaburrs, pademelons & luckily I didn't have the opportunity to see a snake, but there were some on the track to the bird hide. Lucky for me I had a BJ with my little walking group. He made enough noise & jumping & carrying on to scare any snake away from me. Phew... I really, really hate them & would just about move to New Zealand so I would never have to see another one again. After our barbecue tea we had a good trek around the park & the wombats started to appear. I think we saw six in the area. Four of those were up close. They really are cute. I would love one! Oh yeah, at the bird hide we saw a pelican across the lake. He was a long way away but he was there all the same & we saw it. Pretty cool. We are lucky to have all this not too far from home. This park is great for camping but not so much for little kids like ours quite yet. There isn't enough there during a day to entertain them without taking a long a whole lot of games too. It's right by a beach too so you can go down for a bit of a swim or what have you if you wish. Not good yet for little ones either quite yet. It was nice to go out & hang out though for the afternoon & evening. I really never tire of seeing animals in the wild like that. When we were getting in the car to leave one wallaby came out by the car with a joey in it's pouch for us to see. So cool. So lucky to see such a thing.
“Where?” I asked as he walked up to me…
This month we were asked to share any present from our kids, or what we give to our Mom's for Mother's Day. I have a super cute project my girls have been wanting to make for some time! They wanted to make one to give to their grandmother for Mother's Day and even though she helped us create them, she doesn't know it is for her yet!! We already know she LOVES it!
Have you always wanted to know ‘how to grow taller’, but you haven’t ever actually been able to gain height? Do you want to be taller so you can feel more confident, and just overall look better? Well, then it is obvious that you need these next underground tips to increase your height, within just a matter of days. Here is how you can make yourself taller fast…
Life is shit.
I just can’t believe
There’s also some truly strong and smart women (ie: Catelyn Stark, Danaerys Targaryan, the mildly gender-bending tomboy Arya Stark, Cersei Lannister), really shrewd political subplots (ie: Varys, Baelish, the Lannisters), and even one character who works around a prominent disability with his sharp mind and tongue (Tyrion Lannister, with perhaps Bran Stark, Jon Snow, and Sam to follow in his wake, each with their own ‘disabilities’ to overcome, depending on how that word is conceived, physically, socially, etc.). The healer from the Lamb-people also shows quite shrewdly the costs of war, and modes of resistance, in a form that’s simply not the norm for mainstream television.
So, in the post football come down, its impossible to get any real work done, sio here I am with my first blog post in zeons. My apologies for lack of bloggage, I can't really explain why I've been quite so busy, so that will have to be that. Let's hear no more about it. Although if someone wants to by me an iphone, I'll gladly blog a whole lot more.
for all those living around us today
At which point, Mr5 and I looked at each other, then slowly turned the car around to drive home and finish getting dressed.
Which one of you would hand his son a stone
For awhile now, I've felt limited by the Etsy shop name that I chose without much thought a couple years ago. I chose it while trying to sign in and buy something, not really envisioning a shop later on. Etsy has given shop owners ONE chance to change their shop name and I have eagerly decided to do so. Clothdiapermommy is no more (although the links will still work for awhile. My shop is now called "Making All Things New" and the URL is www.makingallthingsnew.etsy.com or etsy.com/shop/makingallthingsnew
ATD: At The Doctor's
1626 Willamette Street, Eugene
Thinking had stopped long back,
And these got the thumbs up from everyone in the family. They aren't spicy so everyone can enjoy them﻿, elodie loved a plateful of chicken, avocado and cheese and the kids couldn't get enough of them. Retro daddy told me twice what a great dinner it was so that's a big thumbs up. And there was no time for fancy styling of the quesadillas because everyone wanted another bit as soon as they came off the frypan.
These animated features are able to effect the minds of an adult just as equally as they capture the heart of a child. The trick?
Unfortunately, I didn’t leave work until 5:30ish, so I had to find an alternative workout to keep my stamina up and utilize the big PowerBar I had just eaten. That pretty much just left the elliptical. Boooo.
Week 14 Change: -1.0
Add your link telling us about your week of art making. Link to any post you have made this week. We'd appreciate a link back to Artists in Blogland.
PS This is a general observation, and I am happy to report that there are some artists and organizations that are working hard, being creative, and seeing some fantastic results!
In other word, there was bupkis Marquess of Queensberry about Jack Johnson. He was a subtle as a ham-sized fist to the face.
Lunch: Salad
The Hot Pockets? Over there!
Once in Daegu I’m expecting mixed results. The men will be hard pressed to have a presence in the final unless they can get into the 1:43’s or at least the low 1:44’s. David Rudisha is unbeatable unless hurt. Medals could depend on the status of Abubaker Kaki who was injured in New York. If he is out that opens up two medal possibilities. If he is healthy then a great deal of the world could be fighting for one medal.
She is the goddess of good fortune and serves as the household assistant of Mokosh, the Slavic earth goddess.
Acting as a fine mirror to issues of gender as well as Soviet-American relations of the era, the footage is matched brilliantly to its respective sides - the Dionysian and ornate deep red Russian footage for the female vampire martian - while the Earth scenes and space ship interiors are re-shot on threadbare Apollonian sets by Harrington (with some Russian film crowd scenes spliced in). The result is a perfect metaphor for the repulsion/attraction between the US and Russia...one side an ornate red samovar, the other an institutional gray cafeteria. Together it's like an unholy union written in the stars and read by lovers holding hands across the Berlin wall. When the astronauts of both planets get together for the flight home, the hypnosis starts and the blood drinking and the orders from on high not to harm the specimen follow. This time however, everyone but John Saxon agrees: save the queen! If she wants to drink Dennis Hopper's blood, fine, just warn her: the thorazine is long gone!
In addition many of the great beers that people hark to in the past seem very much less led by the hop and these great beers are the British tradition and that tradition is balance.
I had some errands to do today. Banking, groceries, pick up some office supplies (which I forgot my list at home, so need to go back). And lastly brought Kristy to her boyfriends house.
I was entranced by this narrative of Dr Pearl’s journey from a scientific and somewhat sceptical perspective to being a channel of a healing method, which needs no complicated techniques, mantras or such. This is a story of transformation filled with insight, humour and deep understanding. A most definite ‘must read’ for all health practitioners. In fact it is a ‘must read’ book for everyone. As you delve into its pages, keep an open heart and mind and prepare to be amazed, uplifted and perhaps transformed!
The storm has scattered the crows that were roosting in the trees and they all sang in a shrill chorus. I found it much melodious than the sound of cooing love-sick pigeons who made out in the balcony all day long.
My grandfather had a box which he kept all the materials for making the flies in. There were hooks, thread and feathers. Even now I remember how he taught me. Start by wrapping the thread around the main length of the hook in order to build up the body. Once you've done that you attach some feathers for the wings and then wrap more thread around to secure them in place.
I have to admit, the "gift box" from a well-known cheese company left me a little flat. I couldn't get over that the entire box, which I know was not inexpensive, consisted of about four of those 2 ounce bars of cheese, a small jar of mustard, small package of crackers and a few hard candies. Definitely less-than impressive!
Not at all. I’m glad for the break. My father has me running about like a hen on a hot griddle. Do this Talty, don’t do that, Talty. It’s enough to send a saint to the nearest pub. Your schedule does seem more hectic than usual lately. I’ve been trying to get an appointment with you for weeks. Has something changed at Tara Hall?
Rhoswen smiled back at her. “Now that you are assured your friend is unharmed,” she said turning to Reeve, “would you mind dressing the wound you gave me?”
Park Ha also arrives that same day.
At the other side of the garage was a different mix of decrepit magazines, brought home by my mother. She was an RN at a doctor’s office and her contribution to the garage were worn out issues from a patient waiting room. Mostly these were tattered National Geographic and a slew of women’s magazines.
“Yup,” I replied. “Power and control.”
This morning I was reading a report and tweeted it to my followers. The rest of this post will examine this article and it’s conclusions.
And I can't believe he just brought up energy policy, when they just pissed away billions of dollars of our money with their failed policy. You can keep on trying to push that government money Mr. President, but sorry, you've worn out your leeway, when it comes to the people's money. Speaking of people's money, how are you going to talk about using the money that we will now save from not fighting in Iraq, that's supposed to help rebuild our country, when millions were lost from the first TARP? Who's going to watch that money? At this point, I wouldn't trust your Tres. Sec. to watch my children's piggy bank.
Here's the email that went out to (I'm assuming) every contact:
The coalition works with the state Department of Education, health care providers and youth groups to promote healthy relationships. And they start early.
2 tablespoons vegetable shortening ( use Spectrums DAIRY FREE SOY FREE SHORTENING)
I swallowed and fingered, I kid you not, a lock of her incandescent tresses lain between the two pictures. It was a freaking reliquary in her honor. All it needed was smouldering Nag Champa and an audio cassette with vespers chants on a loop. I didn't know whether to challenge her malachite glare or genuflect. With shallow breaths, I retreated and stepped into the hall, pushing my shoulders back and making my way toward the strains of Freddie Mercury emanating from the den.
But how Palace missed his pinpoint passing, clever free-kicks and long-range shots which got them out of many holes last season and into the play-offs in this goalless draw. Why not put him in the shop window and aid Palace, long on youth and short on experience?
8. Sun Belt: -1
I'd forgotten, in my puppy bliss, that we weren't picking out a dog for me. We were picking out a dog for Doug. He had barely glanced at the puppy in my arms; he was staring off into the far corner of the barn.
My comment on the movie "Hunger Games" has brought up an active discussion (please read more on the comments with my previous blog post). I wish I could have more time to talk more, but. In a nutshell: There are many things in this world are seriously wrong, and getting worse day by day. However, we should think what we can do and then DO it. As an artist, I will do my best to create good paintings and pass on what I know to other growing artists. I may not able to save our kids, save our world, but I will be positive and do my best. The Titanic is going down, but the band is still playing.
The assignments get added to a folder, which all of the students can access any time they are caught up or I am absent. Each new assignment gets a "quick and dirty" explanation and visual example from me, a day to "get the juices flowing" for my students, and then my students are responsible for keeping up the momentum, as they have time. (The assignments have a few very broad requirements, and the ongoing requirement that every assignment be an expression of "the artist" as well. My kids MUST put themselves, their style, and their approach INTO every assignment BEFORE it is considered successful and complete.)
Ok, so skating wasn't so bad... Got to see several friends I've been missing. Kids had fun. So not too bad. Ok. I can stand running over to Big Lots. I only have to get 2 things. I can do this. Gallon zipper bags and quart zipper bags. I know right where they are, I can just go straight in there and get them... In and out in five. Ready, set, hut! Okay, here I go... neeeeroouuunyyyahhh.... zooming thru the parking lot & into the door... Ooo, baskets... No! I'm on a mission! Zipper bags, at the back, blinders on, in and out... in and out... I think I can, I think I can, I think I can... Ok, right back here, around this corner....
Speaking of whom, I DO think that the grandson of Roy Richardson and the nephew of the sitting Council President will be a weak candidate - especially in Hyannis - where we don't take kindly to the pretenses of our neighbors from Centerville.
"How about you?" she asked the boy sitting beside him.
#7: Rain
8. share links with one touch.
The second oldest daughter came downstairs. She saw the drapes smoke then explode into flames, and she saw her father sandwiched between stairs and the rising fire. She tensed. Took a deep, shuddering breath….
Fermented at 18°C (64.4°F) with McCoy's house lager yeast
Over the past year, every spare chance he gets, Marty is looking at dogs for sale/adoption online, watching "Dogs 101" on Animal Planet every time it's on, and going to PetSmart every first-Saturday-of-the-month. He was NOT making this easy on me. I hated being the big, bad, mean Mama, but I knew that it would not be fair to bring another dog into this family! We don't have a fence or an enclosed garage, and I definitely don't want to try to house train a puppy in this new house.
Mon-AM: 1:25, 3000' ~ SoBo Peak
10-05 Madrid, Spain - Palais Desportes
R2- ch1, turn, 2sc in each sc (4)
And although one enjoys the inevitable hibernation of winter, it can seem very bleak and dreary. The same stagnant smell of non activity does little for ones senses.
“So, God created man in his own image; in the image of God he created him; male and female he created them.” Genesis 2:27
Having been an eclectic for a very long time, I finally chose Wicca as my path. But going from being eclectic to being Wiccan has made me contemplate a lot of what a tradition is and what it means to be a part of one. Why is being a part of a tradition worthwhile? Here are some of my thoughts on the pros and cons of being a part of a tradition.
from the weary spinning-wheel;
it's not very often i read something that moves me to tears. not just the blurry eyed, flick-away-with-a-finger-move-on-to-the-next-blog-post kinda tears, but the heart-squeezing-purging-grief-i had-forgotten-was-there kinda tears.
The smell of Christmas is making mince pies and the smell of a hot oven. Also those oranges decorated with cloves and ribbons and spice ropes that Mam used to make with dried orange, cinnamon sticks and spices.
Be not mistaken, Barefoot Church isn’t for the faint of heart. It’s a loud cry for the mission of the Church to be loosed in the world today. I can only pray that more and more find inspiration and motivation through these pages as I have.
AK: I so enjoyed discovering this quotation on A Woman’s Paris™ mission. It might have been an epigraph for Dreaming in French — I only wish he had said a whole year!
I put it on the bathroom counter
Sometimes during a war, the General dies on the battlefield. It doesn't mean the battle is lost, it could mean the General won the war but lost his life trying. That is the stuff heroes are made of.
That’s my opinion.
limitation was not vitiated. Primos asserts that the district court properly
25 Lobotomy (Vacation From My Mind)
Em A7sus-a7
Slowly add hot liquid while mixing.
If anyone out there has tried Celtx and can giver their feedback or hints, I’d love to hear from you. Especially if you have tried both programs. Please leave comments if you can help me.
10. Get quite a bit of the low fat treats, such as pretzels, ginger snaps, and angel food cake.
Not too long ago I was 14 years young and I found myself with a bunch of middle school kids going to visit the Pinacoteca, a large museum of my hometown in Bari, Italy. We were somewhat well-mannered kids, but the yearly school trip in a bus, guided by a couple of teachers was more an excuse to be silly for one day and an escape from everyday routine sitting at a school desk than a time to learn something in the fields of life.
Hooper got a little confused, probably because Napples, his mother, was down in the corral and he wanted to be with her. It's a well-kept secret that the horse on the cover of my book is a mamma's boy.
What bothers me is that these late-night, sleep ruining maniacs are probably in their teens or early twenties, don't have a job to get up to at five, and all have foreign-made bikes that look like a space ship with wheels, that's been painted either bright red or yellow. The motorcycle's are not only loud, but sound like my mother-in law a few hours after she's eaten fifteen burritos. The guys also wear brightly colored racing outfits, and these futuristic helmets that look.......... Let's just say they look less than manly.
Changing/new content
over the sandWe went out to a mediocre supper with my grandmother, which I shamefully didn't take any pictures of, either, then packed.
Next year I plan to nail a tin can next to our dog cage and paint it with a single phrase... "Tips are appreciated.'
See where I’m going here? When you give a character flaws, you make them more interesting, more realistic.
To wit, there are numerous tactics hunters use to land gators, most of which are dependent on the elements of the Happy Hunting Grounds. Some folks, especially those who hunt shallow, weedy areas, prefer a run-and-gun style. They spotlight red eyes and floor it to that location and try to spear or arrow the gator. Or track their bubbles and pitch snatch lines provided the vegetation isn't so thick that it hangs hooks.
Argo Records -45
Psalm 50
After completing an internal interview, to my amazement I was selected to take part in an interview via Skype with two of the Moth team in New York. Needless to say this was intimidating. Not only had I not expected to get this far in the process, I was going to speak with people who work for an organisation that I admire so strongly, people who work each week to produce podcasts that I love. So, taking a deep breath and adjusting my headset-microphone, I waited for the call to pop up on the screen of my laptop, trying hard not to answer like a star-struck fan-girl.
Speaking of joy, joy, joy... not to bring it back to me but it's a blog after all... the Letter of the Month was created simply to bring joy, joy, joy through the traditional miracle that is the postal service. I'm creating my March letter now. Sign up to get a real letter in a real envelope every month. You can choose between 3, 6 and 12 month subscriptions.
The Slog has been on this case since last October, when a former colleague in advertising first tipped me off to the fact that a number of media-loathing celebs had decided to ‘get’ the News of the World over telephone-hacking.
I can't remember exactly how many novels I've written now, but as I finished Draft 2 of Construct A Couple, it struck me how my emotional writing journey usually remains the same -- even with all I've learned along the way.
I had them when I was divorced.
Cook dried elbow macaroni in boiling water, according to manufacturer's instructions. Cook until al dente, not completely soft.
Kate Winslet also took an award in the Outstanding Female Actress in a TV or Miniseries for her work in “Midred Pierce.”
And I love to sing its worth
It’s possible there’s nothing wrong other than a kid who loves life too much to close his eyes to the amazing world out there, even if only for a few hours. And it’s very likely even expert parents could struggle getting your child to sleep. So read this book. NOT TO YOUR CHILD – it’s really got a lot of profanity. But read it so that you can laugh, relax, and see the lighter side of parenting for a bit.
As for my crack about Ruth’s Chris Steak House… they’re one of the tenants in this building and their signage makes sure you know they’re there.
And I think 3 out of the 4 boys.
Stay Blessed!
“And I specifically wanted to write about women at work because I don’t think we read enough about that in fiction. If a woman is in a male-dominated world, what does she discover about herself?” Funnily enough, I was just thinking yesterday about the possibilities of a novel about an express parcel delivery dispatcher who takes a high-powered rifle and goes postal because she’s a woman in a mail-dominated world. Any takers?
So there it is, complain about the language if you’d like, ignore it if you’d like, but I’d say how about seeking to use and understand it. If you don’t you could miss out on the true breadth of the gospel message (as in this case), and you could leave yourself open to the manipulation of anyone who applies any rigour in the language they chose to use.
I'm not usually one for fashion posts, but in an effort to let my new readers get to know me a bit better, I thought I'd share a bit of my fall wardrobe. We went to an apple orchard and a dairy farm on Saturday, then had a picnic lunch at a state park and I got to break out my cowgirl boots for the first time this fall. Bran gave them to me for christmas the first year we were married, and I love them .My favorite accessory is my little boy, Jack. He's my wardrobe essential these days :)
On Monday mudslide toppled trees, rupturing an oil tank and causing oil spills at Buttermilk Ski Area in Pitkin County, in the US state of Colorado.
