At the time this posts I will be on a plane with the little cutie-pie in this pic... except the little cutie-pie is now almost 6 feet tall and carries the luggage. Yep, I'm heading off with Sweet Son for CollegeTour-A-Palooza... four schools in five days in a part of the country I have never seen.
-You can boil your pasta noodles or rice in it, just be sure to salt it well.
Unlike Amy Chua though, Mrs. Dhaliwal does allow her daughters to take breaks to visit the restroom when they wish, watch TV and choose their own musical instrument to play. However, she does not allow her daughters to sleepover at friends’ houses and says sports can be “time consuming” and might cause them to “fall behind in their studies”.
but in reflection you realize
A week after I started, the Airline contacted me and offered me the job---but I chose to stay---
So, it's not Down syndrome I fear but my own weakness- my own limitations as a person to accept anything immediately.
1/2 cup (2 1/4 oz. or 62 grams) chopped dates (best to chop them yourself unless you wash any extra ingredients off dates bought already chopped)
After spinning you can ply the thread, with itself or with something else. I’s also great as singles yarn. The long silk fibers doesn’t require much twist (or any twist for that matter) to hold together, and that makes it perfect for single ply yarns.
I can proudly say that, at this point, my animal print collection consists of a leopard belt, zebra and leopard print scarves and leopard peep toe pumps! I wear these items all the time and am always on the prowl for the more perfectly printed wild goodies. Today, I made what would have been a pretty basic office outfit look that much more fun and trendy with my leopard scarf. I like to tie the ends and wrap it around like an infinity scarf and wear it with my leather motorcycle jacket…the result – a perfectly professional office look that is both elegant and stylish. Add red lips and you’re ready for after work drinks with your girls!
Another example I can share. In January, 2010, I was watching the Grammy awards. It was a pretty good show, as far as the Grammy's are concerned. But then, something spectacular happened. The artist P!nk came out and gave one of the most beautiful performances I've ever seen as she sang her song, "Glitter in the Air." I was moved. Moved enough to download the song, which I'd never heard before. Over the next few days, I listened to it over and over again.
Knitting plans:
If you’re starting to wonder if all gendai haiku are dark and depressing…fear not. A wonderful place to sample a wide variety of gendai haiku is Blue Willow Haiku World, the website of the fine Japanese-American haiku poet Fay Aoyagi, which features both her own haiku and that of modern Japanese haiku poets in her own translations. A few examples:
If you implement just a 1/4 of the strategies put forward in this book, you will see your sales take off!
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
(The room was silent. The Professor stared at the student, his face unfathomable.)
Went to school library today at lunch time to do IST portfolio and half way through there was a bug falling on our table from no where. I used this friend’s pen to flick it away and after like 5sec it started smelling so so so bad! I didn’t touch it but the smell got onto my scarf, hand and mobile phone -.- The librarian killed it but the smell was still there, it was so uncomfortable that I started feeling sick. Gotta wash my scarf again…(just did last week).
That is to have succeeded
So what was it? The waiter explained that the animal itself was not terrorized (at least not by the chef); it was the steak that was handled roughly, first slathered with a strong blend of peppers and herbs, then charred on a hot grill. The violent language seemed incongruous in that health-minded, easygoing city, but apparently the recipe has been around for a while. Maybe nobody minds so long as they reserve the terror treatment for New York steaks.
I thought he’d never let me go
I learned that one imperial pint of Guinness is enough to get me buzzed. My current alcohol tolerance is very low.
Believe
I queried for nearly two-and-a-half years, racked up 148 rejections on three different novels and officially gave up one day. Then a funny thing happened the next day – Ms. Sarah LaPolla from Curtis Brown Ltd. requested the full of Cracked. And the rest, as they say, is history.
That might sound like a good thing, no shortage of ideas. Someone who wants to be a novelist ought to be glad of it. I remember when I finished my very first (very bad) novel back in 1994 or whenever it was, I cast about for an idea for a second novel and came up empty-handed. A couple of lame ideas got pushed around for a few years but in the end, it took me until 2006 to find an idea that I could turn into a whole book (and that idea was stumbled upon rather than sought out). With each successive novel I've felt a huge relief just at coming up with an idea that would support a novel-length piece of fiction, and a dreadful dread that it was the last good idea I'd ever have.
I'm not letting everything slip- I've been working with the dogs on some training that has needed to get done, since that's all about being consistent and not about muscle. On top of that, I'm trying to teach Elphie how to fold laundry, since she is Very Interested in clean laundry. Unfortunately, she lacks some dexterity, so this hasn't worked all that well. Proof that not all ideas are good ones.
Or make me run faster?
Say no to the Birthday Industrial Complex! Fight back! Go give The Story of Stuff another watch if you still need convincing. And maybe you'll be able to greet your child's next party invitation with just a little less dread.
But then I said to myself something along these lines. “Maybe I will want to play with these later. When I grow up I might want to sell them when I get into college. Maybe I’ll still think they’re cool and will find a better way to show them off. Hey, I can even get a job one day and I can start buying more.”
On June 2, 1996 The Cape Cod Jazz Society presented a tribute to Bobby Hackett: I Remember Bobby, at Cape Cod Community College featuring an all-star sextet and an exhibit of Hackett photographs and memorabilia, including a 10 minute movie of Bobby playing in 1938, presented by Jack Bradley. The tribute to Bobby was hosted by jazz DJ Dick Golden of WQRC radio, Hyannis.
You can also expect a lot of previous characters to make an appearance. Collin’s excels at further developing the characters allowing you to make empathize and connect with them. Over the course of the three books, I have had the pleasure of watching the characters grow and develop. I have become so attached to them - they have almost become family. For those of you who are on Team Gale, you are definitely in luck. Readers get a chance to see a lot more of Gale. Devoted Team Peeta fans may need to reconsider whose side they are on. As for Katniss, I can now officially call her one of my all time favorite heroines. Without out a doubt she is one daring, courageous character.
Something like that?
It will be interesting to see if Hex returns to Gotham and Arkham and how long he might stay. I have to admit I am looking forward to having him meet Cinnamon and Nighthawk and see what that adventure holds.
Weathering those tiny minds
From my humourless viewpoint, the marketing strategy on this film appears to be wildly misconceived. A comedy movie it is not. It is like selling Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf? as a comedy. Why bother? If anything, it is a filmed actors’ showcase within a stage context.
That is being rich!!! There is no amount of money that can compeed with this.
On our way out of town we stopped at the garden club's sale and I bought a flower pot for $1.00
But how could I have let this happen? How could I have let my heart fall into something so dangerous? Now alone, I began to reminisce all the times I’ve spend with Bianca over the past few years. Then my thoughts shifted to how my condition was during the years that we were apart. Her soft, amazing smile would pop in every now and then and I’d find my heart jumping uncontrollably inside my chest. Was my eight year old little brother right? Can an eight year old really grasp the full meaning of love itself? I was eight when I thought I was in love with Bianca—I mean, I was eight…..when I fell in love with Bianca. I lay awake in my room with the vision of my little brother and I talking playing right before me.
We have to consider how we shall handle this, how we shall defend ourselves against such unimaginable odds. We need to realise the fact that we are unarmed compared to them, that our numbers are negligible compared to theirs, that we are spread out and far apart, that we are untrained and unskilled with nowhere to run and that we have run out of time. We have become so accustomed to the good life of luxury and abundance that we have forgotten how to survive and depend upon ourselves and our immediate surroundings to survive and co-exist with nature and how to identify and effectively utilise what nature has to offer. And PLEASE forget about outside help. No foreign country in the world would come help us, as they would much rather help the ANC as they have been doing for the past one hundred years.
She is so friendly and kind to share with me.
(The photo can be of your kids, pets, favourite place, favourite thing) it just has to be a picture of something you love.
Right on there, buster.
While the book goes into great detail about the literary and philological evidence for and against Muhammad’s existence, some readers may ask themselves, “But what about the archaeological evidence?” Unfortunately, Spencer does not address that side of the argument, primarily because there’s basically nothing to say: The Saudi government (as well as the Islamic Waqf controlling the Temple Mount in Jerusalem) has gone to great lengths to suppress or destroy any archaeological remains which might shed light on Islam’s earliest days. All the legendary sites associated with Muhammad in and around Mecca and Medina have been intentionally and irretrievably disturbed, eradicated and/or built over, so any rigorous archaeological investigations confirming or undermining Islam’s origins are now impossible. One suspects that the Saudis have obliterated Mecca’s history intentionally, fearful that impartial evidence may undermine Islam’s various historical claims. While this is not a significant omission, the book’s argument would have been slightly strengthened if this confirming detail had been discussed, if even for just a paragraph or two.
My 12″ copy is now so worn from beating the hell out of it over a period of many years that you can hear the wear from cuing when you first put it on. But back then, the first thing that hit me was the absolute THROB of a bassline that Bangalter and Braxe laid overtop of the sample (I’ll get to that in a minute) and how the arrangement was so simple, yet so very, very effective. You could sing it, it was easy to groove to and Ben Diamond’s vocal hook stayed in my head for the rest of the weekend. I spent that time mixing it into essentially every other house tune I had at the time, and MSBWY stuck out like a sore thumb for just how incredibly GOOD it was.
This is the national telecommunications provider in Poland . It was started in 1947 and by 1991 had 3.5 million fixed line subscribers across Poland . In 1998 , the company was privatized and listed in Warsaw and London (GDR) .
Album: Songs of the Dragon, Volume III
Letters of Intent over at Julie's blog located at Foursons, was found a few weeks ago.. and well ever willing to join in on something fun and freeing.. here I am! Please join in and link up! they are so fun to read
"(I've Had) The Time of My Life" (Dirty Dancing)
It’s a quiet, quiet life
You may want to know how the hell does a beer reach those levels of alcohol. There is no yeast strain that can live in that type of environment so they have to be creative. Basically what they do is brew up a normal strong ale, then use a process somewhat like distillation. Since alcohol has a much lower freezing temperature than water does, the beer is frozen and the ice is taken out of the batch. They repeat the process over and over again until they have what they are looking for. The German's originally came up with the process, and you can read about it here.
You are at risk if you own— a Tax Class 1 property other than a single-family residence
One of my favorite pieces of furniture in our home is our Saarinen tulip side table (above). It's a modern form that for me represents so much more than just a handy place to set your drink: it's a piece of design history. You probably recognize it's Star Trek-like pedestal shape, but you might not know exactly how that shape came to be.
- 2 cups granulated sugar
John Burnett, Wheaton College (XML and transcription)
It's been a bit quiet over here on the blog front, lately. I've been quiet here, but busy at home. I've spent most weekends canning my heart out trying to capture the freshness of summer. I'm pretty lucky that I live just a block or so from the farmers market. It's great because I can just roll out of bed and walk over there first thing as they're opening. It's not quite as busy at 9am, which is nice. There are also a few things that always sell out pretty much immediately so getting to the market early is in your best interest if you're looking for something like dill heads or green tomatoes or sometimes strawberries.
-Utilizing CFMA’s Construction Industry Annual Financial Survey to Make Strategic Decisions
The noise that came down through the intercom wasn't static. It was Marge's rattling lungs and groans of pain which let me know he wasn't well. Then there were some crashing sounds, a posh “fuck”, the intercom bouncing off the wall and hitting the floor, another groan, and then Marge buzzed me in. I climbed the flight of stairs to his flat and followed his tall frail and aching body down the little hallway and into his bedroom.
Magic is the slow birth
I head to the laundry room to put away my bathing suit. The folding door is partially open and I yank it back, coming face to naked crotch with my dad. For a minute we are both frozen with shock. He turns his back, but I’ve already seen it. I turn around quickly and go back to my room. I feel sick and embarrassed. I lie on the bed and press my pillow over my head. Maybe if I press hard enough the image will go away.
-classic and pretty
So in that process, while trying and experimenting, im also learning new things.
Having met when we were having the times of our lives in college, having a serious girlfriend was necessarily on Beau's radar. We broke up, but got back together quickly as we realized we were in love and crazy about each other. It seemed as though timing was not on our side as being Beau's first love in his early twenties seemed too good to be true and too much too soon all at the same time. Heartbroken, we parted but I always knew things were unfinished between us.
Now let’s look ahead to five years down the road. The business has grown rapidly, and perhaps it is now worth $10 million. It is likely that other key executives have come on board and have acquired some equity in the firm. Hopefully, the owners had an advisor who thought to check in with them at least once a year to adjust both the succession plan and the funding vehicles as needed. Unfortunately, this is usually not the case.
The other night at my mom's, my daughter, who is mostly crazy, asked my mom if she could take her scriptures home and have them. Once I got past the embarrassment of never having bought my daughter even one of those little blue sets of scriptures (which are free, I believe), I told her she couldn't have those but maybe grandma had some others she could have. My mom gave her a book we read when I was little with all the scripture stories. One of those ones with pictures that dumbs it down for those of us who go comatose if we read too long. We got home and of course my annoyingly spiritual children asked if I would read them. I read them the first part about the council in heaven. As Jax was walking down the hall to brush his teeth, he stopped and had this conversation with me:
He said that the AP system was the “most successful” system for Bumiputeras, touting it as one of the main accomplishments of the New Economic Policy (NEP).
Our names are pretty important. It freaks me out to think of naming a child one day. What a task. It's infinitely better when someone says, "Hey (insert name)!" instead of "chica, dude, bud, man, bro-montana, chief". Names are personal. Names give identity.
So as of Tuesday this week I will be running a
When I read Sherman’s ninth topic, it made me think of Derek Dooley and many of his press conferences over the past two seasons. If rumors are true regarding player dissent focused at Dooley, perhaps it all comes apart due to his breaking of Sherman’s Number Nine…
Just when we were out and i was near him, i have to say he did do some stupid things like speak to me in my ear even while my fiance was around which honestly made me feel sick. I felt so bad and disrespectful not just to my fiance tho to my whole family. My son and even my parents! I had failed everyone and i just couldnt help myself i was so down and sensitive i was just making everything worst with my words or actions.
Here are some traits of successful credit union business development professionals: they are hard-working, flexible, passionate, driven, ambitious, not afraid to “push the envelope,” and are persistent (but respectful.) In addition, they realize that business development is not a 9-5 job and that it is a job that requires finesse and the ability to communicate with people through public speaking, making presentations and building relationships.
I personally do not like being kept in suspense, various times when reading I'll flick through the last page or so to see if key characters are really dead or such and such. Everyone reads differently.
SH: You folded my t-shirts wrong.
If you could find and ask them
I calmly explained that she would probably have to get one shot to keep her from getting sick with germ bugs (this kid hates bugs, so saying germs instead of 'germ bugs' doesn't have the same effect! lol).
Let's look at the figures:
Serve hot, with whole wheat flour tortillas to dip into egg. Also good with salsa and sour cream served with it.
Next I will make the top armor piece with shoulder armor!
And that's not all! Another poor soul will also be starting up after that, a man by the name of Chris Bissette (http://www.chrisbissette.com/) will be doing a full year as well!
Marley stood on the head of the handicap sign and said, "Ha ha! I'm standing on my head!"
It may still be considered an ‘alternative’ world, a ‘loopy fringe’ by some, but even the media is coming around to the idea that the human race is jointly heading for some kind of quantum leap –either this year or next.
I have been a fan since 1985 ,and if I directed it , I would cast Miranda Cosgrove and Haley Ramm in the lead ,and make it a Kiss Players story ,do fans really want that .
You are the expert on you. Which is why if you don’t know yourself, you will equally fail to know others or God. How can you even begin to know externally if you can’t grasp what is in plain sight, inside yourself?
through wood and dale the sacred river ran.
Thanks Steph for totally spoiling me as usual! I love them all, the owl is really cuddly too :-)
Although I don't always get this part right either, not criticizing other mothers who choose differently than I do is something I try to practice all the time. How can we quiet the harsh judgments of each other's parenting choices? We can replace them with thoughtful observations or questions that will help us grow and learn and be supportive of each other.
When you turn a heap with a shovel it pours
For me, a very large anthology
Cricket (Lola and the Boy Next Door by Stephanie Perkins) I mean, 'cause, who wouldn’t want to hug Cricket?!
NOTE: To use the Allocator Provider you must restart the VERITAS Enterprise Administrator
Which option do you think is best? What else have you heard other than these three?
A Mercedes sedan was used as the camera car and the sounds are from a Ferrari driven on the same route. A Ferrari couldn't have taken the pounding of the cobble stone streets without shaking the camera. Jeez they should have used a Lincoln.
Labor is trying to prove that it is not just cynical machine men, and it does still have an ethical core, a mission and raison d’etre. Its message is that it might have a ”whatever it takes” attitude to winning power, but there is also a values base in what it does with that power.
“That’s enough for me.”
During the nineteenth century Freemasonry also found itself accused of
Kiawah Island golf packages have long been the south carolina unemployment seneca as a smaller and quieter coastal area. Various magazines often list Hilton Head does not attract as many tourists, and it's expected to grow even more in coming years. The city itself annually wins awards as one of the south carolina unemployment seneca on this list. The residential population is estimated around 23,000.
Rubies aid regeneration of the physical/spiritual heart. Enhances circulation. Vitalizes blood and entire body/mind system. Strengthens immunity. Activates sluggish or dormant conditions on physical/spiritual levels. Refines spiritual devotion, power, leadership. Helps banish sense of limitation.
- Excelent Excursion Programm
Joking aside,— isn’t Mitt one of the people that keeps repeating that there’s 50% of the country that pays no taxes at all? That really thinks that the key to making the country better would be to squeeze a few bucks more out of those $20,000 a year guys that just don’t contribute?
I just do my utmost to add gems and or glitter to every card :)
Sameer fainted the moment he heard this.
“Suppose a man leaps out of a burning building…and lands on a bystander in the street below. Now make that burning building Europe and the luckless man the Palestinian Arabs. Is this a historical injustice? Has the man below been made a victim with infinite cause for of complaint and indefinite justification for violent retaliation? The man leaping from the burning building much still make such restitution as he can to the man who broke his fall and must not pretend he that he never even landed on him. And he must base his case on the singularity and uniqueness of the original leap.” (Page 381)
The second group, the litigators, perform a vital function when the law is broken. Here one party accuses the other of wrong doing and seeks redress. The lawyers put the case for one side or the other to ensure the relevant facts are presented and the outcome is fair. But, does this vital activity add value for society? Unfortunately it does not since when one side wins, the other loses. This, again, is a sum zero endeavour.
solidade
Careful, I might steal her.
Going through some old negs and prints, I came across this 'Polaroid' we made for fun, of some of the photographic gear we had then in 1993.
Slice eggplant into 1/4 inch slices. Combine the remaining of the marinated eggplant ingredients except 2 tablespoons olive oil. Place the eggplant slices in a ziploc bag along with the whisked together marinade. Allow to marinate for 30 minutes.
- A need to write poetry to the tomato.
When I’m not writing, though? It’s kind of scary. I think about Cassandra and I don’t feel anything. I mean, she’s fictional. She’s not even committed to paper. I haven’t printed out “Cassandra”, so until then she just exists as characters in a .pages file.
show details 12/26/09
so, not only is green a favorite color, but it's also a favorite tea... especially this particular brand and flavor. i'm not even sure if they still make it. but if they do, you so have to try it. it's divine with honey and a spot of milk. i wrote about it once long ago here. with my tea, is an old honey jar that i keep vintage buttons in. they are not all green. but if i could have a collection of only green vintage buttons, you can be sure i would! have you any? send them my way! {i kid.}
solution such as a debt management plan or an IVA (Individual Voluntary Arrangement) could make your debts manageable again.
Recept: Excuse me, Mr. President ...
Top middle: Teddy bears, inside Centralworld
But minimalism is not only seen in the esthetics in this kitchen design. Practicality and functionality is equally important and no individual item has been selected solely for its aesthetic or decorative value. For example the selection of two side by side Electrolux ovens offers the ability to entertain multiple guests (as requested by the client) whilst also creating a sense of balance in the veneer feature. The same applies to the placement of the refrigerator which are strategically placed in the centre of the room ensuring both easy access and balance within the space.
* To check the paneer if its out of required water,take a small amount in the palm,rub for 15-20seconds.Hold it tight to see if it shapes into a ball,then its done.
“Scaring young women
Here’s the plan:
Track components include 16 feet of orange track, 4 joiners, 1 dare-devil loop base, 2 jump ramps, 1 universal clamp, 1 ‘chute trap, and 2 drag ‘chutes.
3. Perfect Imperfection
Dario's masterpiece and the best giallo of all time.Dario consolidated his position as Italy's king of terror with this truly frightening horror thriller.The plot drifts into the world of childhood nightmares, a mother's body decapitated by a lift, a nursery rhyme and a fresco depicting a strange murder. This is one of the best movies ever and the one that brought him to the attention of Hitchcock! Ok, not really a demonoic doll movie, but, one does appear as a distraction before a murder and your mind goes!
"No, sorry!"
Movies,plays, comedy shows, etc are all amazing but I've spent way too many first dates confusing my love of the piece with my like of the person I'm seeing it with. Grabbing a beer is pretty recommended by all these dating sites and gurus and yet I feel like I'm letting my true love down if all I can come up with to do with her (him? is NYC gendered) is hanker down over a wine glass. Plus, if the date sucks what have you gotten out of it aside from a slight hangover and an empited wallet? Thus, I needed a plan, something to ensure that every date meant furthering my relationship with my one true love.
We played Jakarta last year at a festival and it was fucking wild, it was great! …anyway on the last night we went out to all the clubs and went batshit mental and got to the hotel about an hour before we had to leave the next morning. Obviously we were in a right state. By the time we got to the airport, the travel sickness of Jakarta traffic had pushed the hangover to a new level and we puked ALL OVER the airport check-in queue. It was gross.
In the Hall of the Dragon King – Quentin – Latin, “fifth” – Totally picked this before reading Thalia’s post the other day; Quentin went from weedy acolyte to SWORD-FORGER, which is my favorite part of Lawhead’s work. Possibly dubious name-wise if I don’t have 5 children…but perhaps more reasonable than Septimus, which also appeals to me despite it being the name of a blood-spilling, power-hungry uncle in Stardust.
In June 2005 Dumas’ recently discovered last novel, The Knight of Sainte Hermine, went on sale in France. Within the story Dumas describes the Battle of Trafalgar, in which the death of Lord Nelson is explained. The novel was being published serially, and was nearly complete at the time of his death. A final two-and-a-half chapters were written by modern-day Dumas scholar Claude Schopp, who based his efforts on Dumas’ prewriting notes.
Yarn News – This month marks one year since I started to knit. My progress has been fair. I have made two baby afghans, two baby hats, and several dishcloths. I’ve attempted socks and after a month of not being able to “turn the heel”, I put sock knitting on the back burner. I will revisit sock knitting in the future. I haven’t crocheted anything since I picked up knitting. The Prayer Shawl group I started at my church is still going strong. We have given around 15 knit and crocheted shawls or lapghans to parishioners and friends.
Our tickets were for the Saturday matinee. This wouldn't have been a problem except Friday night was Girls Night Out, organized by a friend to celebrate another friend who just ran the Boston Marathon. We salute you, Seattle Mom.
That's unimaginable love, wouldn't you agree?
May God our Father and The Lord Jesus Christ give me grace and peace at all time! Amen!
Jefferson is black.
Wow, all that work outside in the sunshine really crisped my neck! I am now officially a redneck!! :)
4 met
Prokophy is as much a determinant of national destiny as Demography is. In fact, in the postmodern era it is Prokophy that determines demography itself.
HarperCollins has signed a three-book crime thriller series written by debut author and former Metropolitan police detective Luke Delaney.
Underunderground Records: Crunk-Ass Easter Festival
But while he emphasized that Jesus saves us from sin, Matt also explained that following Jesus leads them to end suffering wherever they find it. To this end Immanuel unites with other churches to host all day clinics which provide medical care, financial counseling, and many other services which meet the community’s physical needs.
Before partying and dancing their way through Saturday night, many Essence Festival visitors spent the day listening to panelists talk about weighty education topics. At times, they packed a 5,000-seat auditorium in the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center.
And that is a good thing because I started myself awake at 5 am on tax day and realized that though our personal income taxes have been done for weeks, the quarterly estimated tax for my business has not.
What lout to put with the delicate puff pastry and pork meaty harmony? Why whatever lager is on the special, and Beck’s was on the special. Beck’s more often than not turns up on the special in boxes of small bottles, but today we enjoy it in it’s canned form. A 5% German lager that by all accounts is an actual proper lager of the reinheitgebot and possibly not a cooking lager.
Your voice is my sanctuary from the noise of daily existence.
$.02 per load!
But, as Susan explained, many garments have seams for a range of valid reasons, including adding structure and shape, enabling the garment to withstand the load that falls in particular places such as the shoulders, and thus to improve durability and the lifespan of a garment.
Hopeful - 8 miles a week/32 miles a month/416 miles a year
Nature's Sleep offers Slippers made from the same memory foam as their mattresses. Yep, they are THAT comfortable. Their are two styles. Closed Toe and Opened Toe, and they come in a variety of different colors. I opted for the closed toe in tan. I've been wearing them constantly for about a week now and they are still just as comfortable as the day I first put them on. I love the soft memory foam and that the foam offers support for the arches of my feet that normally aren't supported with slippers. Another great thing about the Nature's Sleep Slippers are the thermoplastic rubber soles, which means I can actually wear them outside if need be and not worry about them getting wet. As well as them being able to withstand a lot more wear.
Sourced: wikipedia, youtube, imdb.com, nndb.com
03 Love Will Tear Us Apart (Pennine/alternate version)
Dave Clark Five- Maze Of Love
The QF draw has us away at Liverpool…
This is a business model that hasn’t been seen before and is a direct effect of the rise of the internet. But it is interesting. Readers pay for exactly what they want to read, and nothing more.
OS is a basic part of a smartphone nowadays. In this fast changing world, the services and capabilities of today’s OS compared to an OS released 18 months ago are enormous. Windows Phone and iPhones can update their OS immediately. Androids, on the other hand, don’t usually update it and that is a big handicap for Android.
○ BARNEY FRANK (D-MA): “I think it is clear that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are sufficiently secure so they are in no great danger… I don’t think we face a crisis; I don’t think that we have an impending disaster.”
Much of the time it's enormously enjoyable and intelligent radio. I love it to bits. I just don't really understand it though!
blue sky
If you read the title of the blog, you would see that today’s topic will be self-control. Self-control is probably something everyone needs to work on in some way. When I think self-control, my mind automatically turns to controlling anger. That’s really only part of it. Self-control uses the knowledge of God and His standards to guide your actions and thoughts. Yes, I said thoughts. We also have to use self-control to stop ourselves from thinking ungodly things. So self-control (or the lack of it) is used in multiple parts of our everyday lives. Self-control is also used when controlling lustful thoughts and/or actions.
I like taking on the things I feel passionate about because of the very fact that books aren't widgets. Otherwise it's just about the money and though that is one way to agent, it's not right for me.
maelstrom builds alone
“I don’t think people should have a right to buy these animals and cage them up” like they were at the Thompson farm, she said.
It was cool in the shade and it was time to leave but not before a middle-aged woman nimbly got up and approached me, pointing at my chest she asked, “Where you from?”
19th April  Kubisera area, Isiolo County, Kenya
Here is my first layouts from my wedding 11 years ago - all my photos were just in a boring album and i wanted to scrap them so started it this year. Here are the first couple of pages that i have created so far.
I rarely post about awards or recognition I receive on Facebook or here because it feels awkward. I am proud of my work I do and I am passionate about it and I wanted to share this mainly with a certain group of people who are very special to me. I was overwhelmed with the responses on my photo by my friends. I am truly humbled at what they had to say. I decided I will copy the messages and put them with the award itself. I have amazing people in my life.
1 small pepperoncini peppers, stemmed, sliced
Marissa: haha. Whatever.
And she just burst out laughing, casting a hawk's eye in response to it, as anyone knows, the life of a cat are no rules ...
a synesthesia of spirit
Carice Van Houten, Black Book
What about you? What are your favorite book to big screen transformations? Will you be standing in line to see The Hunger Games on opening night? Comment and let us know!
Here is a Close-up for you!
I am one of those ppl that if I don't feel the outfit I am not going to wear it, as I am a strong believer that elegance is forgetting what you wear. And I have been manicly going through my closet in search of what to wear today.So, when I saw this shoot, the idea struck me, and I imediatly stopped stressing my guts out...
aln
Any arbitrary turning along the way, and I would be elsewhere, I would be different.
The Lord himself will go before you. He will be with you; he will not leave you or forgot you. Don't be afraid and don't worry.
Beer Festival than it did when I was last here five years ago. I think this is partly due to the GABF not being quite as good as it once was (see points 2 and 6), but mainly due to the GBBF being quite a bit better than it once was.
02. Freiheit
Pahayokee: A Plea for Life
In the Theory of Beta Decay, in every (and all) occasions, each beta decay produces a neutrino, supposedly and specifically an electron-neutrino. The biggest arguments are over what mass the neutrino has, if any. Because sometimes (being a range 0f probabilities from zero to one) a neutrino carries off zero momentum.
Those attacks led bill sponsors to weaken the legislation and take out key provisions that would have resulted in much greater prison population reductions, according to LBB estimates. Now that we know the sky didn't fall when the first stage of probation reforms were enacted, the Lege should go back and pick up the rest of the proposals that were stripped out of the legislation in 2005.
6. I'd Be Talking All The Time
“This rally is important to send a clear message to Najib that the mechanism for free, fair and clean elections ought to be implemented before the coming general election.
The other one was considerably shorter and far less interesting, especially seeing how he appeared to be around ten or eleven years old. He was dressed in the same olive drab t-shirt and camouflage trousers as the larger chap, only several sizes smaller. Ophelia found herself wondering idly what kind of boutique military outfitters might be likely to provide matching adult and child ranges, but then remembered a long and very boring lecture she had once found herself on the receiving end of from one of the globetrotting investigative hacks (after a glib and lightly-meant comment she had made about the wisdom of airlifting Mothercare catalogues to Sierra Leone) and thought better of it.
If you teach "everything" in the first lesson, there's no reason for them to reach out to you again! THIS is a lesson I had to learn the hard way!!
Magazines and newspapers all have stories they run in one form or another, year in, year out. The details may differ, but the stories are largely the same everywhere, striking universal chords of sex, health, and money. A few of these perennials, however, don’t travel. They drill deep into one country’s psyche while everyone else scratches their heads and says, “Huh?”
Her favourite song is 'You are my sunshine' or 'Open, Shut them'.
Previous installments of an unprecedented wave of protests that burst out after fraud-plagued parliamentary elections in December had been marked by fastidious order.
The design solutions are brilliant!! My favorite, the group focused on weight loss and poor appetite. Their solution, ODE, a small, discreet device that reminds people to eat and stimulates appetite by releasing pleasant food odors into the home. Magnificent!!
I tell you what’s wrong with being fat - NOTHING.
To have and to hold
We just got in new flavors of Tea:
He also taught in Moscow before being driven into exile. Two English ex-students noted that he seldom talked about technique in his classes: he preferred to concentrate on the music itself. They told how there was a technically gifted student who took their breath away with the skill of his playing. But Rostropovitch wasn't impressed. After the student finished he said, 'I want you to imagine the most beautiful suitcase in the world... You can't imagine how beautiful it is. It's got incredible gold buckles on it … Now, take it! Take it! Put your hands out! Take it!' The student was bewildered but put out his hands and took the imaginary suitcase. 'Now, open it!' said Rostropovitch. '& what's inside of it? Nothing! That's you. You can do everything on the surface: it's all brilliant, but you haven't got any ideas inside you.' As the students said, it was a devastating analogy.
but it’s so hard to seek
If they don’t have one on the shelf, they can order one for you and have it in the store within 24 hours.
So something like this happens. And I think of you. I see your face. I feel it coming. And suddenly the sadness crashes down on me, washes over me, it’s like water that I’m drowning in. My body goes cold. I get goosebumps. The by-now-familiar pain in my chest comes back, although it’s never really left. My arms tingle, then my fingers tingle, down to the tips. I take a deep breath in and let it out, as the pain and sadness rush through me. And I let them. I embrace them. They are beautiful to me. They let me remember what it was like to be truly happy, truly in love. Truly yours. Those are feelings that I don’t ever want to let go. I know I have to, in order to feel them again. But I can’t yet. I’m not ready. I’ll cry if you make me give up those memories, those feelings. I want to be sad. I want to remember in vivid detail the look you get on your face for each and every emotion. I want to close my eyes and tell myself that you are there, inches away, smiling at me, loving me, staying quiet, keeping your hands to yourself, but there. And I will keep my eyes shut to allow myself this happiness for a few more seconds, and I will smile at you, and say Hello, I’ve missed you. And I will envision the way you’d smile back, and I will reach out to touch you, and find nothing there. But as long as you’re here again for just one minute, one beautiful minute in this excruciating day…it’s worth it.
1/2 cup pure maple syrup or agave nectar
One of my favorite parts of my job is to do news hits for the national cable channels.
The lovely lampwork focal beads in the bracelet are by Terry Belcher of Silverfish Designs on etsy. I bought them over a year ago, and can't for the life of me work out why I haven't used them before now. I love them so much...simply gorgeous colours! Sooooo...maybe they won't make it to Etsy after all ;-).
Brothwell is the author Stealing Breath, a paranormal romance from Crescent Moon Press, who has also published Vicarious, the prequel to Stealing Breath. Joanne lives in the country with her family where her stories are inspired by the dead things that appear at her doorstep on a daily basis. You can find her
About a month or so after I got married, my new husband and I embarked on a honeymoon which would forever change us. We didn't go to Hawaii or spend a couple weeks in Mexico, we saved our pennies the moment we got serious and set out to live in South India, Vietnam and Turkey for a year. We wanted to see a bit of how the rest of the world lives and get to know ourselves in the process.
- Off-kilter sleep patterns
Today was EVEN better... Gabriel was admiring the motorcycle that was parked on the street. The owner saw Gabriel drooling over it and asked if he'd like to sit on it. Would he ever! Brittany apparently liked the look of a little boy on her boyfriend's bike and so she whipped out her phone and snapped a picture! I have her to thank for my Sunday Snapshot :-)
Megan Fox is another girl who may wear Pigalles, she also has very well shaped legs, yet Pigalles just add that extra sex appeal to make a bold(er) statement.
I mask way more frequently than I composite. When I whiten teeth, for example, I do an overall image adjustment, add a black mask, and then use a white brush to paint in the effect on the teeth. That kind of fairly casual brush-in masking is the least tedious. Other cases require complex selections. Here's a quick example of a not-so-complex selection that will make the principles clear to readers who are not in the habit of using masks:
Don’t tell me you want a conclusion
You never need to doubt it
Grilled Chickpea Quinoa and Spinach burgers can survive an open flame!
I hope you don't have an ear infection--the one I had about 3 weeks ago bled and I was MISERABLE, then the antibiotic made me barf. So, thinking good thoughts for you!
Little crazy - you!
If I’ve seen nothing else over the last 25 years, it’s that companies rise and fall, jobs appear and disappear, and industries are disrupted at an accelerated pace. When a market dries up or a pink slip appears, who do you have to turn to?
Middle Right - This canvas was simply painted and then the tissue image was adhered with multi medium.
steamed broccoli; carrots;
It is possible that you may cry, “Coincidence!” But as Ward works through the seven books of Lewis’s Narnia stories, this inner architecture becomes clearer and clearer. The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is the book about Sol (the sun). The very story is a journey toward the sun, within it the characters drink water that enables them to look into the sun, and the highlight of the story is the ‘undragoning’ of Eustace—which we discover is a ‘solar’ activity because Apollo, god of the sun, is known as the dragon slayer. The Magician’s Nephew is the book of Venus, were Digory the boy must make a choice of love: will he choose the allure and power Queen Jadus, his love for his Mother, or his true love for Aslan (who, in that volume, represents true Venus, as generator of life)? Each volume is like this. And it is worth observing that Ward’s research does not substantively change the Narnia books; rather, it enhances them—much like discovering hidden passageways and rooms in a house you thought you knew.
Whitney Johnson
When they were done, there was no clapping or cheering. Everyone around us just chuckled a little and turned back to their food. The background noise of the restaurant, which Pip and Polly had muted with their singing, quickly returned in a clamor of overlapping conversations, utensils clinking against plates, and serving trays sliding along the buffet lines. Nevertheless, Polly and Pip were thrilled by their moment of ecstatic transgression. They knew they had done something out of the ordinary, and they were excited by the attention it had brought them. The satisfaction of commanding that corner of the restaurant for a few minutes shone in their eyes.
Something other than the meaning of the words, or the story, has to catch my mind for me to be interested further than one reading.
for every other encounter.’
Every time I’m anywhere near smoke, my eyes, ears, and throat itch like the mange and start constricting. I end up clawing my face and hacking like a cat with a fur ball.
Read Divergent
LOST VEGAS is the story of a casino heist, but with a twist: The casino owner hires the robbers to rip off his establishment. Just when it looks as if he might get away with it, another small-town casino owner and his giant Samoan sidekick jump into the fray. LOST VEGAS is an action-packed thriller with lots of humor mixed in, and I think you'll love it. Only $2.99!
PLEASE note that our walls are getting a fresh coat of beautiful Edgecomb Gray.
Aroma: Initially hits the nose with a huge dose of coffee and roasted malts. Searching can find a bit of vanilla and maybe some "dark fruits"- if you can find it.
Pitt
Though the work he set us to do was sometimes interesting. In Fifth Class, he told us we should begin a project of writing our own books and occasionally showed interest in what we were producing. Most of my classmates took these long periods for personal creativity as an opportunity for goofing off, but I became involved in a complex Buck Rogers-type
In January of this year, two months into blogging together, we set the goal of gaining 200 followers for the year--and we thought we were aiming high.
Today I have a fun mini album to share with you called, "The Three Amigos." Mini albums can come in so many different shapes and sizes and do not have to be a scary scrap project! My first mini album took me 9 months to complete... yes, I said MINI album... and I was so scared to tackle each page that I hesitated, scrapped, hesitated some more... I didn't trust myself and it became a real labor of love (yes, pun intended!). If you are new to scrapping or break out in hives when it comes to mini albums, here is one of my favorite design tips... Go simple and use ONE line of paper. Don't worry about matching this embellishment to this tag to that paper... choose a line of product that was designed together... it will all match beautifully and make your job MUCH easier!
All very sinister!
Spirit- Twelve Dreams of Dr. Sardonicus
"I think they're magic."
Isn't it gorgeous? It has Jersey lavender inside so it smells wonderful every time I stab it. Woohoo, I love it! Thanks Nicky.
The hearing takes place at NYC Board of Standards & Appeals at 40 Rector Street (near West St) Manhattan. ‘R’ train to “Rector St.” A bus will leave from the Can Factory at exactly 1 p.m. if you want to comment.
OG: 1.061
I’m not big enough to change even one single human heart. That’s what frustrates me the most. It’s my most common emotion because I’m in the business of changing hearts. It’s a family business.
Angela is on the beach in Miami, and I'm soaking up the sun in Rosemary Beach Florida, with my friend Monica of Beach Bride 30A. After surviving the Joplin tornado that destroyed their home, Monica and her family have started a new life in Florida. Now their life is a beach vacation everyday.
I just read my last 3 posts, heck i was immature.
I canned one box of them for the winter. With the other, I have made all kinds of tomato-ey things--tomato sauce, tomato soup, pizza, salsa, grilled cheese with tomato sandwiches, two pans of oven dried tomatoes, and I still have a nice bowl full of them to finish off this weekend.
Do not get me wrong about Burton. I recognize he is a fine artist when he is in his element. But his element is twisted fantasy with a dark sense of humor. I have fond memories of Pee Wee’s Big Adventure, Beetlejuice, Edward Scissorhands, A Nightmare Before Christmas, Ed Wood, and Sleepy Hollow, but he cannot do science fiction to save his goth soul.
She shops
Supporting his case, Azmizam claimed he has evidence of migrants naturalised in droves elsewhere and registered in Kota Raja and Hulu Selangor.
They gave me hope and courage to imagine and work for a better future. I was determined to follow what they had mentioned and not to “follow the crowd”. This included “to see our stay, court-ordered that it was, as an opportunity to create better things”. And also “not to engage in nonsense”.
Street Scenes
the happy dance my chair he he he he!
Manuel, or Manny as he was called by anyone who had known him for more than about three minutes, was a naturally friendly guy who also happened to be a very deadly Army Ranger and Chinese linguist. There were easily a dozen souls who had left this earth shortly after seeing Manny’s teeth flash in what they thought was a friendly grin. Manny’s natural ability to connect with people had made him a lethal combination of cobra and teddy bear. As a backup to his ability to get information from informants through positive means, Manny had also developed a full suite of less pleasant interrogation skills. Manny had established himself as the go-to guy, before the crash, when his unit needed information from anyone that spoke Cantonese or Mandarin. Manny had proven his value once again as the Chinese U.N. troops advanced into Georgia.
Tracing the intricate web of modern life, Same Old Song portrays the lives of six middle-class Parisians as a tangle of tenuous links and criss-crossing history/s. Resnais utilizes popular French song to evoke both the internal and the external thoughts and feelings of his ensemble, thus exploring concepts of self-image and the manner in which we all present ourselves to the outside world, from the personæ we inhabit to the white lies we tell.
Furore is on the way to Agerola where we started our walk yesterday, so we are familiar with the winding street that will take us there. The town is so picturesque . . . the sea below, the mountains above. We notice various tiled artwork as we drive toward the winery.
Act 1: Alderaan – World Pvp – Republic Level 28-32 – Empire Level 28-32
See, Jews around Jesus’ time used the phrase “day and night” to describe a day-unit of time known as an ‘onah, and any part of an ‘onah was considered the whole day when counting chronology (see: Mishnah, third Tractate, “B. Pesachim” part 4a; and Mishnah, Tractate “J. Shabbath” chapter 9, part 3).
I think my love and fascination with armor and the armor-esque does not come from some sort of vulnerability complex, but rather from my utilitarian sensibility towards clothes. If you're going to wear something cool, it might as well actually serve a purpose! I should probably mention the fluttering nature of that sensibility, because I have my fair share of peacock feathers in my closet, but nonetheless I try my best to reflect my appreciation for the functional (but never boring) with my clothing choices, if only at my feet.
Crisis fails to seize a psyche
- I'm frickin' psyched for another SXSW! I'm not sure why since it appears they're fucking with us again. The Austinist people say they're holding out the list of bands so that the day parties won't steal 'em. Looks like the Austinist people have scoured the net to give this early, preliminary list of acts
You don't have to have an iPhone in order to use this app. Any sort of mobile device will do. There's the iPhone app, the Android app and there's also a mobile website that works with any phone that has an internet browser. If you're super old school, you can always redeem your drinks through SMS (good old text messaging.)
And now I gratefully turn the blog over to Karen:
My posts are telling me I may be overextending myself.
Now Ice rusts their throats
Summary: Larry Fairfax resumed his testimony on the witness stand. Fairfax claimed that when he asked Edgar Steele why he didn't just divorce Cyndi, Edgar expressed concern that Cyndi might take too much in a settlement, and he didn't want to part with all his possessions and money. Fairfax also testified that Steele said he had hired a private investigator to follow his wife around and that she was having an affair with an old high school flame in Portland. Fairfax also said Steele was planning a 30-day trip to Europe.
1¾ cups sugar
There was a live band playing, and it’s a pretty cool place with great food at a great price. We had a lovely night, topped off by ice-cream from Royal Copenhagen.
And happy mother's day this sunday! I want to especially wish a happy mother's day to the single mothers or the mothers who are having delays on becoming a mother, whether it's with hard times conceiving, or wanting to marry/have/adopt a child in the future. You're still a mother(aren't we all mothers in some way? :), and I think you are so strong and amazing!
The whatayagonna do can be applied to matters as large as an entire relationship, or smaller ones like a lost cardigan. Either way, sometimes saying “whatayagonnado” can be just as powerful as upholding the battle.
Besides the many memorable quotes in the movie, there are two specific scenes that I find hilariously unpretentious, hence the reason why they’re probably classified as “dark comedy”, because they are perceived as gloomy or disturbing - in other words, they portray truth in an unfitting disturbing manner. I sometimes wonder of these yellow-belly liberals realize that some truths cannot be presented otherwise!
- after this time, take the foil off, turn the oven up to 180C and brown the chicken... you will not regret this method, if only for the pint or so of the most wonderful juicy gravy...
I remember picking up a copy of 1080 Snowboarding and playing it sometime in the early 2000s. This game had quite the learning curve, similar to that of Excitebike 64. If I went back to play this game, I'm sure I'd probably struggle with it because I didn't play it the same way I did Wave Race 64. Still, this had some memorable tunes, my favorites being Blue Flame and Golden Forest, the later of which was an unlockable song in Super Smash Bros. Brawl. Kicking the crap out of Jiggly Puff while Golden Forest plays? Yes, please!
When you work for yourself or run a small business, time is literally money. Anything that can take busy work off your To Do list will not only make your life happier, it could keep your bottom line healthier.
3. ‘Black Watch’ by the National Theatre of Scotland which was on tour in Sydney– visually and emotionally stunning drama focused on the Black Watch regiment in Iraq – any production that warns of risks of explosive bangs and flashes during performance creates a certain frisson of excitement in the audience, and the language didn’t pull any punches but it was such a creative and compelling performance that we were completely riveted.
Sara-J says, “Since coming to the Netherlands to be reunited with my childhood sweetheart, my career has taken on a very different form. I've moved away from mass producing etchings with master printers to focus on working with oils and more intimate viewings and solo exhibitions.”
“Out of the mouths of babes” is an old adage that aptly describes the insights of a young Latinist and his comments on the new English translation of the Roman Missal. Erik Baker is a sixteen-year-old child prodigy who, having taken every Latin course offered at the high school level, is currently doing course work at Northwestern University. Erik also happens to be Catholic and so, when the new translation of the Roman Missal, that is much more faithful to the original Latin, became public he was eager to read it.
Having an epileptic dog is so much work!
“What the Central Bank hasn’t fully demonstrated, and the jury is still out, is whether they will use this as a launching pad to ensure that these illicit actors aren’t migrating elsewhere,” Mr. Glaser said.
But still, I’m sorry if I disappointed you or anything..
I decided to buy extra this time because, a) we had plans to have lunch with some friends over the weekend and I wanted to make rhubarb macarons for them, and b) my cousin Angie was coming to visit again (yippee!!!) and I wanted to make her another rhubarb tart.
I’m around half way into the final season now and there are such amazing storylines as ‘Nathan Scott is Missing’ (otherwise known as ‘The Guy Who Plays Nathan Scott Isn’t Contracted To Appear In Every Episode’) and ‘Mouth is fat’. Hurrah!
"You know Mom, like our skin or like sand. I like it. I like blue too, but beige is my favorite." He looked at me with his big brown eyes. His innocent expression told me he thought calling beige your favorite color was the most natural thing in the world. Natural is not exactly how I felt about it. My expression involved some seriously raised eyebrows that would likely have defied a botox frozen forehead. I wanted to say "What?!!! Beige. You can't like beige. Come on pick a color any color." Instead, I took a breath, well, it sounded more like a choke I'm sure, but I chose not to respond right away.
To love one's country, to love one's people and to love one's culture is now to risk allegations of hatred, unless your form of love willingly contemplates and indeed welcomes the surrender and eventual destruction of that which you most cherish.
In February 1848, monarchy was overthrown in France and the country was proclaimed a Republic. Power passed into the hands of the bourgeoisie. They deceived the working class, the main force of the revolution, by taking the most influential workers’ leader Louis Blanc into the provisional government. In May they consolidated their power, abandoned Louis Blanc and other popular leaders and went on an offensive against the proletariat. The latter responded with the June uprising which was ruthlessly crushed. On December 10 the same year elections to the Presidency of the Republic took place. Louis Napoleon Bonaparte, nephew of Napoleon I the Emperor – an obscure hedonist engaged in the pursuit of thrills and melodrama and leading the life of a princely vagabond, became a candidate. To the utter surprise of all, he won on the support extended by the impoverished small-holding peasantry who believed that a man named Napoleon would bring all the past glory back to them. In December 1851, he staged a coup and seized absolute power. A year later he formally abolished the Republic and declared himself Emperor of the Second Empire, Napoleon III.
There is hardly anything sadder to me that people who have lived wasted lives. Both the grandma and grandpa bemoan that they have lived so long and never learned to live. At the end of the book I could only be left fearing the same thing for Oskar. What an awful place to leave him at.
I didn't think Pia was going to win, but she deserved to outlast Stefano, Haley, James and probably Paul. I guess this is what happens when the voting is left up to "America".
I fell in love with Wes the first time I read this, and still think he and Macy are my favorite Dessen couple. I was able to relate to Macy so, so, so much -- and Wes ... well, it's safe to say that Dessen herself (a`la character) described Wes best this way: sa-woon.
Let me just get my brain to relax a little first.
the shaman Orpheus until song itself
Saigon Beer Company Saigon Export
The interaction with other characters via conversation is well handled, with you choosing a style of response (professional/flirty/agressive etc) rather than a set line of dialogue. The best aspect of this system is you only have 3 or 4 seconds to choose or the computer goes with whatever the cursor is highlighting. So no more sitting pondering what would be the best answer. I’d like to see more games tackle conversation in this way as it felt pretty dynamic and made you make snap decisions.
Franck-Francois-Genes Chauvassagnes (1 salt, 1856)
Someone asked me for a brief run through of the Saint Patrick poem.
David: Melville … and even if it isn't a photo-finish- I would have trouble saying sayanara to all Hawthorne forever ... (I've only read the Scarlett Letter—& it was so great—I couldn't put it down—unlike theWHALE which I've put down maybe 25 times—maybe only 10 ... BUT, it seems like 100!) like BOWie—Hawthorne reached th'MILLION-which I have great respect for ... the title: ThOUGH the LIGHT seem SMALL- is either hawthorne or Melville—I took a bunch of notes a few winters back & I no longer remember which book it came from—the chorus from 'the LOVE song for LARRY YES' is definitely Moby Dick—
Going through the toys got me thinking about toys in general. We are not big toy buyers. In fact, we did not buy most of the toys, but, at only 4 years into parenthood, we already have TOO MANY TOYS! So, here are some tips based on my experience:
So when Mr. J came to the Philippines, it was also the reverse experience for him. The servings are much smaller back in my homeland, comparable almost to a kiddie portion here. Imagine my hubby's surprise when we ate at a local pizza place in Cebu (the city where I come from) .... we ordered a large pizza, and what came was the size of a round 8" plate. He looked at the pizza and at me in confusion and said, "that's it? This is personal size!" Yep, that's the size of the large pizza in the Philippines. One gets a much smaller small portion there, commensurate to the Filipino's tiny frames, maybe?
But to put a happy ending to a bad day, when I got home this evening, I found a package for me at the front door. Laura from String of Pearls sent me a beautiful necklace and charm that have Matthew's picture in them.
I had the bright idea of a 'family' Christmas gift this past year. Something amazing that would require time spent together with no distractions. I talked to Scott about it and he said that as long as The Boy was up for it, he'd go along with it. I called The Boy and asked him if he'd like to see Blue Man Group or Wicked. Surprisingly, he chose Wicked. I was secretly pleased!
I use a recipe from my Barefoot Contessa cookbook for coconut madeleines, but I just omit the coconut (although one of these days I'll have to try it with the coconut). The batter can get thick, so I use a mini-ice cream scoop to fill the shells.
This week is the "Slippery When Wet" challenge and your last chance to win the five digi stamps and be a GDT.
John Abelson
Stir the sugar, fish sauce and lime juice mixture then add it to the noodles. Stir-fry for 2-3 minutes.
Today I'm being aided by our main Chocolate Coconut Acolyte as she reviews three of the ten bars we're looking at. These three in fact: Almond Joy, Mallow Cup, and Cup O'Gold. Two of these I've heard of and two of these she heard of -- the same two. Neither of us was familiar with the Cup O'Gold from Hoffman's so I'm looking forward to learning more about that one in particular.The words in italics below are from her, our Chocolate Coconut Acolyte, I've only changed the fonts and added in her own photos as well as some historical information.
that laid him down or cut him
Martha doesn't want any more friends but how could she resist Opal Moonbaby, an alien who is, quite frankly, mad? She doesn't care for rules and authority, she just wants to have fun and take care of her pet - a mingle named Garnet. What's not to love? After a horrible situation with her so-called friends Chloe and Collette, maybe Opal Moonbaby and her strange ways are just what Martha needs to believe in friendship again.
Quita Hague
01 October Swimmer
Please take a moment to answer my simple questionnaire.
Sis- "r u kidding me!!! it was my money that was in your account this lady did me a favor!!! only did it bc she knew the situation not like I had her take money that was urs. She knew it was my money and I told you we were going to transfer! I can not believe this lady is going to get fired over getting my fucking money!!! I hope some day you never ever find yourself in a situation that (ex) has put me in to have someone u thought u cud count on create so much drama! she putting money bank into ur account which over draws all my shit! send my money in a chk to my house
“We’re trying to mimic natural biological processes,” says Belcher.
they elude me so – even though I try
Lainey :) x
"The dangers of life are infinite, and among them is safety."
The sanctuary was just as Father Newman recommends--not all "kitsched up" with junk. Oh, and I meant to ask him from which publisher he obtained his altar missal! It was very nicely done.
And yes, I'm disappointed too that I don't have the before shot, that's half the fun. I won't make that mistake again.
Won't You Come, It's Emergency
So I thought, having been through and benefited from MT I would give my interpretation of why it has had an impact on me, and what separates it from these other treatments.
This post is concerning lots of random different things so lets get to them in no particular order, its the 3rd of April which makes it mothers day in the UK and ive actually seen the most perfect mothers day gift , it was recently mothers day over here in the Gulf so theres still a lot of lovely mothersday centered gift bags and gift packs and cute things around but also as always theres beautiful shoes around which are my mums favourite things ever but my mums not here soo ill have to stick to wishing her a happy mothers day over the phone and making du3as for her. Love you mum no matter what, forever.
“Of course you do Mr. Bien, don’t let me detain you any longer”
You need to find an experienced literary consultant/marketing expert that can help you with this. There are many providers out there and it shouldn’t cost very much but it’s important to find the right person that knows what agents/publishers are looking for. Please do not have it edited at this stage, as this is not required. If you would like us to arrange this for you, please let me know immediately.(The bolding is Jane's.) So in addition to offering referrals to literary agents, is the BWA also offering referrals to literary consultants? If so, this is odd--I can't think of any industry expert who'd suggest that writers hire a literary consultant to tweak their synopsis. Also, if the BWA is providing consultant referrals, what's the relationship--if any--between the BWA and the consultant(s)? Transparency is extremely important here, since, even though such a program may be perfectly above-board, referrals of this sort have been extensively abused over the years.
This President’s Day – Monday, February 21st – many children will be off of school and moms will be searching for kid-friendly activities. Spark Energy in Chicago will be offering a downloadable coupon for a FREE session of jumping fun atdesignated Chicago-area Pump It Up locations.
What you're ultimately trying to do with escape velocity is overcome the Earth's gravity well by raising your potential energy to that of an object at an infinitely far distance. Even though it sounds counter-intuitive, it turns out that this is actually a finite quantity of energy because as distance increases to very large values, the force of gravity becomes infinitesimally small.
But when he stumbles into a kidnapping in progress, he acts without even thinking. Before he can stop himself, he's saved the daughter of the most dangerous man in London.
Teachers can request a free copy of the excellent film, The Children’s March, from Teaching Tolerance: http://zinnedproject.org/posts/832.
To say my daughter is infatuated with Justin Bieber would be a slight understatement. What seven year old isn't, I suppose. Why not? He has a cute smile, rhythm, he tweets and more than anything, he is constantly telling kids...or people in general, to NEVER SAY NEVER.
I've just got back from a wonderful weekend in my native Yorkshire. Just mum and myself visiting the old places and exploring a little further afield too. We were pretty lucky with the weather, considering the wet conditions we have been enduring so far this spring, and I've just been looking at over 200 photos I took this weekend!!!
I really like this fun pic of hubby and I because it shows how we share lots of laughter....which is why our relationship works.
7. Most people can at least speak basic english.
I love the wonderful blues/greens/chocolate colours in the card. The sentiment is just perfect for the man in your life. The clock is stamped and cut out. The man on the bike is embossed with cocoa embossing power, and then popped with foam tape.
Tel : 087 410661
..but Levi's bio mom~Levi's bio mom is for sure no mistaken his mom~he looks just like her. It's left me feeling odd to see her, to see that he looks so much like her. She looks so sad :( & that makes me feel sad for her. Levi was her 4th pregnancy. First 2 were miscarriages, 3rd died at 8 months of heart failure & then she was blessed with Levi, but after one month home with him decided to take him to the orphanage. On his RR profile it listed that his family had a hard time leaving him there and visited with him often until his first b-day. After that it was only his maternal grandmother who came anymore. When we commitment to him he was 3 & he was moved to his foster home. We were told that his grandma started to come visit him there too. She would bring food to the family. Later we were told that his bio parents came to see him on his 4th birthday, but his mom refused to hold him or touch him, but introduced him to his little sister :( His father held him briefly and with silent tears handed him back to his foster mom. That was the last time anyone in his family came to see him that we know of. In late '09 we submitted our dossier for him for the second time (the first was in '08 before the invasion of his country that halted our adoption) when we did, we found out that in his file there was missing paperwork that was needed showing his bio mom had relinquished her rights to him. She was found & asked to sign the papers so we could move forward, but she refused. The adoption was stopped. :( Sept. of '10 we got a call letting us know that he was again available with all needed paperwork in place. We don't know the circumstances of it all..if she signed of her own free will or because his county relinquished her rights due to her not taking him home herself...but we do know they were signed. So here we are again. I'm thankful to be here, but it's heartbreaking too. My heart hurts for this women who has these big beautiful brown eyes, like Levi's, and they just look so sad. In the past we asked if we could offer to let this be an open adoption. We were told we could. If it's something she wants, then I'm looking forward to getting in touch with her once he's home. I think she'd like to know about him..I would.
It's odd how debilitating self-doubt can be. From the time we are small children we are told that we have to work hard to be good at things. "Practice the piano, you'll never get good if you don't work at it." "Try harder!" "It takes work to learn the basics of a sport." "Don't give up!" "No pain, no gain!" But what about the things that we are naturally good at? For some reason I have discounted skills that seem too easy to master, placing little value on anything that just comes naturally to me. These skills seem suspect. How can what I wrote this morning be any good if I didn't struggle with it? Well, I guess I am struggling, in a way. I'm struggling to give myself permission to be good at something without hating it. Do you know that the only writing I've been paid for was stuff that I hated? I hated every minute of writing it, I hated the finished product, I hated myself for using words to sell stuff. But I got paid for it which gave it value and the suffering just proved that it was legitimate work, right?
DR MAROON:Sorry… The Not So Smug Award for Best Artwork goes to…
Aaanyway. This outfit. I've been trying to break out of my usual color/pattern combinations lately, and I feel one of the easiest ways to do that is with patterned shoes. Chris is always telling me to mix things up, and I couldn't help but feel he would approve of this combination (he did approve, later, once I got home from work).
Package B: 9am Fri - 3pm Sun $65
1. Paint-your-own pottery place
This was my holiday reading of choice. Murakami is one of my favourite authors. BUT, at 900 pages! this was a chore. I love his creativity, his parallel worlds, his descriptions of everyday Japanese life - BUT not this much. Had it been 'tightened' somewhat to about 500 pages i think i would have enjoyed it more.
I couldn't help but notice she had a ton of recipes with orange- orange pound cake, orange sherbert, orange ice, orange icebox cake...etc, etc. And Grammy conceded that she did enjoy citrus desserts!
After the 1930s, and until recently, Bloomsbury's visual arts were typically disparaged or overly romanticized as some sort of fanciful retreat from modernism. Reed, though, makes the case that Bloomsbury deserves to be revisited with fresh eyes. He cites a 1929 book, The New Interior Decoration, by former British Vogue editor Dorothy Todd and arts patron Raymond Mortimer that touts both the masculine, unadorned, uniform look of Le Corbusier and Bloomsbury's feminine, eclectic approach. The latter might combine "modern French pictures, 18th-century French furniture, a Georgian mantelpiece and decorations by contemporary English painters." In short, a different yet nonetheless very new way of living.
That means that in our hen house we can comfortably fit at least 3 more hens. And in the summer months when the birds spend the day in the larger protected outdoor dog pen, we might be able to fit in even more.
The fact that every recipe was riddled with snippets like, "Just mess around with the mixture until you get it to your liking" and "Try out some different butters and oils until it's just right" or "Then pour it into your containers and enjoy!", was a bit disappointing and, to me, a sign of laziness.
Research in Washington has led to the discovery of the heaviest element yet known to science. The new element, Governmentium (Gv), has one neutron, 25 assistant neutrons, 88 deputy neutrons, and 198 assistant deputy neutrons, giving it an atomic mass of 312.
And also how fast Flyball is close up.
Anyway, I need to go to class. This week is some sort of website design. Maybe if I get good enough I can start attempting to design my own. Could be a good learning experience if anything. Here's a clip that Sigma and I are pretty much obsessed with this week.
Central Station (Walter Salles, director)
Didn't work out so well.
It's time to crap or get off the pot. I'm not done trying. I'm not giving up. Turns out, I'm ready to crap.
We are glad that the Speaker of the House of Representatives Hon. Aminu Tambuwal spoke our minds to the anti-graft agencies which had earlier said they would be waiting for a harmonised version of the report before taking action: “Let me quickly say here that this is at best an excuse that cannot stand, after all the same agencies accept and investigate petitions from individuals, how much more resolutions of the House” he said.
This is indeed a testament to the amazing work the chorus has been doing over the years, and a great thrill for all involved! Big thanks to Neil and Corin for taking the time to recognize the kids and their dedication to their music! As Corin said, you kids should be really pleased with yourselves! Big congratulations to the chorus!!!!
A page on the site titled Related documents offers several relevant documents, including the Empire State Development Corporation's Draft Scope of Analysis and Final Scope, the prelude to the Draft Environmental Impact Statement expected within two months. The page also links to the Community Benefits Agreement signed with eight groups, and the Independent Budget Office's analysis of the arena component of the project.
gonna get under your skin
It's up to these three, in their own charming but bold way, to solve the murder--and the crimes they believe may be connected to it--without calling too much attention to themselves.
There were things that surprised me. I noticed for the first time today that Mister Man drew earrings on me. I wear earrings every single day. In fact, my earrings are generally the same ones each day, favorites that go with everything. Interestingly, the earrings Mister Man drew look nothing like the ones I wear, but how would a six year old know how to draw diamond hoop earrings in Crayola marker? I don't think I could do that. Actually, I know I couldn't. I have zero artistic talent.
Click – ‘passer l’introduction’ (skip the introduction) at the foot of the page.
Hells. To. The. No.
And the best bit? I will show you how to bottle it, so after the all too brief quince season is over, you can have a delicious reminder with your pork or duck. Or how about dolloped onto rice pud , stirred through apple crumble, or with your morning muesli and yoghurt. Bottling is easy, even I can do it, and it makes you feel just so darn competent, you will want to preserve everything you can lay your hands on
I have had a lovely day today.
Flogging Molly, as stated above, was a kick-ass, hand clapping, fun filled extravaganza celebrating Drunkeness, Pirates, and Irish. Whee.
Ahh, the sting of public humiliation is just the ticket! My pledge to you my bloggy friends. These are BEFORE pictures and no longer ALWAYS pictures. I will post the AFTER shots by the end of the week. For those friends attending J's fairy birthday party Saturday please feel free to check up on me by opening doors and taking a peek at my progress. Ahh the threat of more humiliation... I might actually get my tush in gear now. Sorry for the public airing of dirty laundry Sweetie (there is actually some laundry in that garage photo, how perfect!) but desperate times call for desperate measures!!
Several weeks ago, I created some business cards on Vistaprint, but I didn’t order them right away. I went back and forth, tweaking and deciding exactly what I wanted. Had I ordered them immediately, I would’ve paid about $20, plus shipping. But, since I waited, Vistaprint kept sending me discount emails, until finally I only had to pay for shipping. Money saved: $20.
I also need to feed things and reroute my hose to make sure the toms get enough.
they don’t hold a candle to you, Bundy.
Kathy then began teaching the class. Although the software was shaky for the duration of the class (about 6 hours over one day), it never actually failed completely. The students were enormously grateful for the fine job she did that day.
My goal this week was to not snack after 8 pm. I did just okay with this goal. I did snack a couple nights after 8 pm...not sure if it was stress-related or if I'm just a bit more hungry right now because Adeline has picked up her nighttime feedings again...she's added 2 feedings during the night. (Something else we're working on!)
Apologies to those visitors who hail from a land yet to be influenced by Gavin, Stacey, Nessa, Smithy & Co... you may find the joke a little hard to understand! However, I can assure you that there is a place called Barry in Wales.
Kandi
Even that name under the quote, Sir Bob Geldof, isn't right. Geldof got gonged with a KBE, Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire. As he's a citizen of a country where the Queen is not head of state it's just an honorary knighthood. He is not a 'sir'.
Moreover, they come from radically different worlds. Captain America is the product of The Great Depression/World War II era, best called “The Greatest Generation.” Thor comes from a world of myth and fantasy. The Hulk comes from a world of loneliness and isolation. Iron Man comes from the high-tech 21st century and a post 9-11 world, one steeped in reality TV and tabloid news.
Good Evening Blogger friends! I hope everyone's week is going well. This has been not so good of a week for me. Over the past month I have felt incredibly bad. I don't know if I have shared before that I have Sarcoidiosis in my lungs along with COPD. My sarcoid had been stable until now. My pulmonary doctor told me Monday I was having a flare up again. So I am back on the Predisone and Methotrexate. I hate the Predisone because I gain so much weight when I take it. So I am not a happy camper because my weight is already and issue for me.
The hearing for Smith is scheduled for two days, Wednesday and Thursday, before the Montana Board of Pardons and Parole and we will livestream the hearing on our website.
Do not leave any unfinished spaces in your home. You can turn your basement into a great family room for as little as $5000. This will be money well spent considering how much faster your home may sell, and the greater asking price you can list it for.
In The Darkest Hour we meet a pair of computer programmers that have just created the newest website that’s apparently going to take over the world. They’ve presented their idea to a group of Russian businessmen and are ready for their first official meeting. Problem is that once they get there they find out they are no longer needed, some douche bag stole their idea and is now presenting it as his own. So as they ponder how to counter attack this humongous backstabbing, they decide to go out on a drinking spree, to see if they can hook up with some Russian girls. Low and behold they end up hooking up with a pair of American girls! Things are looking up until suddenly these strange yellow lights start dropping from the heavens! Upon closer examination they learn that these strange lights are actually energy absorbing aliens! They turn humans into ashes and they mean to invade our planet!
Sometimes when we work on particular places or issues we have to dive in deeply and become well versed on things that we seldom associate with historic preservation. My first project at the Trust 25 years ago required me to learn about funerary art, burial practices and cemetery management. Those weren’t exactly subjects I studied in school. I have referred to myself as an “accidental expert” in many things over the years. Add Cruise Ship Tourism to the list.
How it will work: I will post new items on the blog every few weeks. I will write a short description of the piece, along with my memories of wearing each piece. (I love history, can you tell?!). I will set a price, that will include shipping from my closet to yours (including mailing insurance), and payment will be arranged through PayPal. If you are interested in anything, email me at fashionista0921@gmail.com.
The Times article, headlined Cracker-Barrel 2.0, treats the phenomenon as kinda cute, offering the tag line, "If a tree fell in Brooklyn and nobody bothered to blog the news, would it make a sound?" and describing blogs as "these quirky byways of the information highway."
Interesting!
Simple facts:
Hibernation over and inspired by recent emergent trends I have decided to launch the first six of a series of ecology of knowledge apps, designed, not to be run on mobile devices, but live, in the heart of your organisation/company/community.
Thugs.
Happy New Year - we hope that you rang in the new year with merriment and joy and that it continues through the 2011! We both enjoyed the holiday break with our families and decided that we are going to take a break from the Cinema Challenges for awhile. We absolutely love this challenge and we love all of you and your creations - but we just felt like we needed a break. We didn't want to end this challenge quite yet - but just needed a few months to just enjoy being with family and not have too much on our blogging plate. We hope you understand and will come back to play with us later on during this year :)
Thursday, 4/12/2012 - I had applied a half day leave from work and managed my way from the office to KL Sentral to catch the coach to the airport. Still with plenty of time at hand and whilst waiting to check-in, I'll get down from scratch - the hassles that I had to go through.
ROM 1:26 For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:
In the top of the 14th of a 2-2 tie, Bailey came in as a pinch hitter for Ed Sukla and made it as far as the batters box before being replaced by Frank Malzone (who struck out to end the inning). The Angels lost 3-2 in the bottom of the 14th to the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday, April 12, 1966 (D) at Comiskey Park I. And that was Ed Bailey's Angels debut.
Everyone impatiently waiting for their turn to place their lunch orders. The endless queues and the hassled cashier girls. Teenage students lazily munching on their burgers and fries. Everyone for his own.
As she’s talking, I keep wanting to correct her grammar and will her a better vocabulary all the while thinking what a bitch I am. She is nice enough, but nice has never been compelling enough to keep my attention. I need snark. I need wit. I’m trying to get off the phone when she downshifts into small talk. She asks, how are you feeling? Fine, I say. How are the kids? Kids are fine, I offer. What about your son? I ask, The one with autism? Yes, she responds. What kind of autism does he have? Only the best kind, I think. Instead I say, Do you mean is he verbal? Yes. Is he verbal? Oh, yes. Quite verbal. Insatiably verbal, in fact. In addition to a seizure disorder, OCD, ODD and autism, he’s been recently diagnosed with ADHD at the ripe age of 8. We’re still working on the meds to try to equalize his behavior so I won’t have to buy so many dishes. He shattered two bowls just last week because I wouldn’t let him have five cookies on top of the three he already stuffed in his mouth before I could stop him. I may need to replace a kitchen chair too. Wow. He sounds like a handful. Well, he can be, but he can also be incredibly sweet and affectionate.
It’s impact is significant – think of all the elements that depend on clearly defined Value Propositions: messaging and marketing communications, inside sales scripts, sales presentations, analyst presentations, data sheets, product positioning, SEO keywords, “elevator pitch”, banner ad generation, mobile advertising, tag lines etc. and the list goes on. The Value Proposition generation is a cross functional process but must be led by the CMO and her organization. The CMO’s peers and everyone in the company should be able to at some level to be able to clearly articulate the company’s Value Propositions for a given customer segment. This makes everyone in the company a great spokesperson and ultimately will help scale the company and revenue.
Psalm 1, May 24, 2009
The sentiment is a freebie.
I have often said that I am against the Shiization of Sunni communities, but that I defend Iran’s right to possess nuclear power for peaceful purposes, and that I will fight anyone who fights it. After all, Iran is an Islamic country, and we are happy that it is strong. It should reassure its neighbors, as we have often heard it say that its power is not directed against the Arabs.
Inland Empire
That "all cute and shit" comes from my girl, Totsy. If you are not acquainted with Totsy Mae, please go check her out. I purely love her to pieces.
Needless to say, I’m going to be scrambling to make extra money. I have a few ideas brewing, and I only hope that they will help.
Two nights ago Scott and I went to see the thriller The Raven (2012), currently playing in theaters. I tried to get SCSS members and friends alike to go, but not one person seemed eager to take up my offer. Either the thought of spending time with Scott and I at the movies or the horrendous reviews of the movie scared them all away. I think it was the latter- As one SCSS member said of the plot:
When we're talking about firearms "power", we need to talk about mass, velocity, and energy. There are lots of terms used in science for these things. In science, mass is generally denominated in grams, velocity in meters per second, and energy in joules for example.
I LOVED it. I think it was because I knew a lot of what was coming and the characters were so well played! I'm a huge Emma Stone fan. I would still highly recommend reading the book but because they had to leave a lot out and changed one or two things. That being said, I think they did a great job with the movie and developing the characters which were so much like how I imagined them!
No last chance performances. No saves. Each coach had 100 points to divide among their two remaining artists in however way they see fit, based on last night’s performance. This could get ugly.
It's high time that rape started being treated as the unforgivable atrocity it is, rather than just a symptom of war.
MACYS
Location: unknown
Your email response sounds like a scammer (because you do not address the object for sale (horse)). I would appreciate a response to the questions that I asked in the previous email in order to show me that you are seriously interested in the horse and also that you have the horse's best interests in mind. Also, I do not make such important transactions solely via email. I will need you to call me on the phone so that we can discuss this. Please call me at ***-***-****.
When Christa wants to call the children together she calls out "Cuckoo cuckoo." The children respond. We have to leave so we scramble and slip across the stream and up the bank back to the road. The children are staying there a bit longer before heading back to their building for lunch and the afternoon. But first they want to bury the mole found by the big tree. The mole looks like it has been killed by a bird of prey. One girl finds there are number of organs and bits of fluff stuck to the tree above. They sniff the dead mole, examining it's wounds, looking at it's teeth, one boy is fascinated by the size of it's feet which he uses to dig the ground with.They are going to make grave for the mole.
The only argument that might work for me is the following: The policies and platform that he is running on are better for people of color than those of any other major party candidate, including Obama. He is the only major party candidate against the drug war. The vast majority of those victimized by our drug laws are low-income minorities. He is the only major party candidate that supports a less vigorous US military. This would help the disproportionate number of low-income folks of color that fight and die for our country, and would also mean we bomb less brown people.
Your debut single “Bad Man Forward” was out in 2011. How did it feel to start getting attention for your productions?
I regarded the invasion of Iraq as illegal, and I therefore did not feel able to continue in my post. I would have been required to support and maintain the Government’s position in international fora. The rules of international law on the use of force by States are at the heart of international law. Collective security, as opposed to unilateral military action, is a central purpose of the Charter of the United Nations. Acting contrary to the Charter, as I perceived the Government to be doing, would have the consequence of damaging the United Kingdom’s reputation as a State committed to the rule of law in international relations and to the United Nations.
How many expect to go to hell? The preacher says, “By grace are ye saved through faith and that not of yourselves.” The sinner replies, “I’m not all that bad. I’m good enough to make heaven. God will let me in.”
Iodine – 4mg/kg
1 tablespoon cornstarch ( mixed with 3 tablespoon cold water )
* a masochistic personality
In that speech, Clinton said: “Our approach to foreign policy must reflect the world as it is, not as it used to be.”
Ian gave people a few tips on how to survive the coming economic meltdown. He recommends investing any capital you have into gold and other precious metals (an academic notion for me!) However, the most crucial issue has to be the basics of life; if the banks slam their doors and all the shops are shut where will we get food and water? Ian recommends keeping a cache of supplies: bottles of water, cans of food, toilet paper etc; enough to last a few weeks. I know on one level this makes sense, but I feel uncomfortable considering even this most soft brand of survivalism, see: http://hpanwo.blogspot.co.uk/2010/05/billions-will-die-we-will-win.html. The problem I have is this: If you are the only person in your street who has such a cache your neighbours may well come knocking on your door asking for you to share some of it with them. Then of course you have to decide whether to do so or not, but it’s likely that these people at your door will be hungry, thirsty and very frightened; in this frame of mind they may not take “no” for an answer. Then you will be faced with another choice: whether or not to stop them by force; in which case we will have to arm ourselves. It could be either that or losing all your precious supplies. Ian doesn’t really address this question. The idea of turning a shotgun or bludgeon against people I normally talk over the fence with and let borrow my hedge-clippers repels me deeply. I think I’ll have to take my chances without the supplies.
Yes, I have been scrapping, but not nearly as much as I would like to have! Here are a few of my latest creations, all inspired with sketches from Let's Scrap
Reach out to American neighbors? If there is one thing the federal hate law does not do, it is reach out to all Americans, providing equal hate crimes protection. The only thing certain about the new federal hate law and charlatans like Holder and ADL, who helped create it and now enforce it, is that they will continue to deceive and manipulate all Americans to the benefit of only one minority: the anti-Christ Jews of ADL/B'nai B'rith International.
the man who killed my father
Governor Christie has said that keeping New Jerseys beaches in pristine condition would be a major project his administration would take on. At a speech he gave in Belmar, he spoke about the economic benefits of having flourishing businesses along the shore. “The governor explained that with nearly 193,000 jobs and $6 billion in wages, the success of Shore businesses is vital to the state economy and protecting the Shore as a natural resource is an administration priority.”
Stay tuned for big projects next week....an exciting (for me) DIY, old couch OUT, mattress IN, and Bestie coming to visit!!!
it is virtually certain that the road will only be used for the d^ly visits of the milkman’s cart and the daily rounds of the coal merchant’s van or the doctor’s gig, it is clear that a well-made track, more of the nature of a gentleman’s carriage drive, with a grass margin on each side, and in some cases a simple gravel or paved footway of narrow width, for use in wet weather, is all that need be demanded.
4. I'm an avid red wine lover.
To eliminate a block from the top of a stack, it must come in contact with a falling monster that matches it. For example, if a Goomba falls directly onto a Goomba block, both will be removed. The player controls Mario, who resides below the playing field and has the ability to swap the positions of any two adjacent stacks at a time. Thus, the player is required to switch around the stacks to ensure that the monsters fall into the correct places. Points are awarded for each set of monsters that are eliminated.
These were the hottest races on a track that was scorching! After what seemed like a somewhat down Zurich meet for the athletes, everyone seemed to have their second wind in Brussels – making me wish this was the middle of the season instead of the end! If nothing else, however, it wets the appetite for 2012 and London – and leaves much to talk about heading into the Olympic season. Let the speculation begin – because while the competition is ending I have lots to talk about! We can start with today’s deuce. Watch below. As Arnold said “I’ll be back”.
but smile and later cheer Mercy
- Build circa 200 feet of reinforced concrete wall with gravel embankment to protect the Bokoor/BAPMAF proper from future flooding – so I and the BAPMAF archives can move back to upstairs properties. This alone will cost around 7000$.
Durban cops caught with prostitutes
Grinning broadly, Brian jested, “I’m sorry, Steve. I’m so rude! Molly’s here today.”
The consensus around our house: this weekend we're breaking out the punch list.
The plot then winds its way through more absurdity until Lucky and Penny find themselves with each other free and clear, with one boffo reprise singing “A Fine Romance” against “Just the Way You Look Tonight.”
It is 3 weeks till the competition. Last week I took Dinah on a field trip to my friend Laura's farm in gilroy, which is about an hour from where we live. She loaded in the trailer like a champ and was very calm throughout the experience. On the first day I longed her in a small arena and then I rode her in a full size dressage arena, which is bigger than the arena I usually ride in. This arena also has mirrors all along the short side at C, which Dinah was very funny about. She wasn't exactly scared, but she was very curious about the cute horse staring back at her. When I rode her I was working a lot on her canter transitions, trot to canter and walk to canter. I was also really focusing on her rhythm, keeping her slow from my body and using half halts, but not shortening her neck. Because of the way Dinah is built she tends to want to shorten and tense her neck an shorten her steps. It is important to regulate her rhythm and keep her forward into the contact, but not quickening. She stayed in a barn with a box stall and small run next to a shetland pony named JoJo. She was good staying in the stall and did not seem concerned about separating from her boyfriend at moon valley ranch, George.
As we were walking, my mind wandered from thought to action and back again, as it always does. My son and I spoke for a while, about skating and movies and gaming and what we would do this weekend. During the periods of silence, my thoughts wandered from thinking about my spouse to what I would make for dinner to what I would do at work the next day. Like most people, we were mostly occupied with the trivial thoughts of our day - decompressing, dreaming, hoping, praying, judging, relaxing. Being.
By creating an ‘interactive’ social media campaign, my idea (in hopes) will re-attract donations. People need to realize the work and efforts that are currently going into restoring Haiti and that the volunteers can only go so far. More help (money) is needed.
I was playing the Light side while she was playing the Dark side, 50 pts, example army lists with some changes specially on the Light side. Here you can see some useful accessories for this game. Tape measure in cms, the dice used for the game, some business cards where I put the stats for each regiment, a Dystopian Wars 45 degrees turning template useful for pivots and LOS, red turn marker die and some chips to remember which regiments need to check Morale at the end of the turn.
When police appeared at his home at six in the morning, he went along willingly to answer their questions, but a few hours later he was dead.
I am a 44 year-old woman with diabetes. Honestly, I have no business getting pregnant.
I thought she was a good subject to mix in with Egyptian style motifs from the Art Deco period
Grasping this, I feel both intimidated and blessed. Well, almost intimidated. Okay, I don’t feel intimidated, but I would be if I didn’t know for fact that what God wants in a book, He’ll put in it. Writing with purpose assures it. So I guess I’m actually feeling grateful and blessed.
By now, because I never ask anyone for help and don’t like doing it, I am laughing so hard and so glad I asked my sister to help me navigate the long and legal process ahead of me that she could bring twenty pigs if she wanted to.
memories
I would happily go to bed if it wasn’t 9pm. I have a feeling that we will both fall asleep on the couch watching TV.
- 1 bodacious brads package
We can only cackle with pyromaniac delight.
Or how about when you take a trip to the craft store and your kids start acting like monkeys in the cart. Your toddler keeps yelling, "Gee oww! Gee oww!," because he really just wants to "get out" of the cart and run around. When you finally succumb to his pleadings you wish you hadn't because NOW he's chasing the little old man in the Rascal Scooter. The kid is undoubtedly obsessed with ANYTHING with wheels, and the little old man seems slightly ticked. So back into the cart he goes, only to pitch a colossal fit that involves his big head butting into your preschooler's big head. Now SHE'S crying and you can't help but think about how ridiculously small the stinkin' craft store carts are. All you can say is, "Geez! What IS with you guys and the craft store?! I can't bring you in here. It makes you weird." That's when you hear the woman in the next aisle start giggling, because she totally heard your rant. After waiting in the checkout line, you make yourself feel better by purchasing TWO candy bars. (Which you will eat at bedtime, while the kids are sleeping.)
Elaine Cillo, 40, New York, N.Y.
We have had lots of opportunity for cuddling on the couch, reading, and coloring. We also pulled a giant box out of storage and have been having a really fun time playing hide and seek with the box! Sometimes you need to remember that the simple things are the best in life, and what is better than crayons and a big empty box?
The original report to cabinet stated that:
Take note: Only a few surveillance camera software works together all digital cameras, but you can be amazed for hard wired and mobile systems. This is from time to time used in combination with net digital cameras.
Our sources tell us that the Author will be returning tomorrow after an extended blog Break ~ She has been quite busy,
So why now, I wonder. Chances are they'll be after donations. Now, I loved that school, had a wonderful time, made some really good friends, have about a millions songs that remind me of every single day and have nothing but fond memories. But I'm not going to donate to their theatre project or anything, though I would go to a reunion.
Mittal said that the TD-LTE (Long Term Evolution) technology adopted by Airtel would be the platform for future broadband revolution.
Remember, back then at the beginning of March, it had been dry in England for a long time, so this came as a bit of a shock! (And it feels like we brought it back home with us!) .
Two people valued it and bought out Carden’s inventory.
Are you a doctor? JESUS wants you to take care of all the lost sheep in your nation.
But I am often full of shit.
Although mostly in their 60's many would have had years and probably decades still ahead of them, but instead they became the forgotten victims of a lie. And its a lie which is still being told.
We take cash and credit card payments to sign up for membership.
For Christmas that year I opened a small package containing two handkerchiefs… and found my mother’s watch nestled inside. My brother, Horace, wanted to see it, and as I passed it to him, somehow we dropped it. For quite some time I had a watch that didn’t work. Eventually Dad took it to Grassies Jewellers and had it fixed.
According to data from negative Real Interest Rates, another US recession is likely to occur between 2012-Q1 to 2014-Q1, with 2012-Q4 being the most likely.Then on 2011-06-29 I published another post entitled Real Interest Rates are predicting an upcoming recession. Between this post and the previous one I had refined my study of real 10 year bond rates - averaging them out over a 3 month period in order to iron out a statistical "bump" in the data (which turned out to be Hurricane Katrina). By comparing these results to GDP and unemployment data, I came up with the following assertions:
When you are the customer, how does that make you feel? Do you feel appreciated? Do you want to feel appreciated? Does it matter when you choose how to spend your time and money, whether or not someone says thank you? Will you choose them again, if they say thank you?
- Sukarno will mentor the boy in the ways of political leadership
The line was long,
The young man holding him looked surprised. He then said in a calm voice, “Come with me.”
Sebastian Hardie were arguably Australia’s only truly progressive-rock band of the early 1970s. Sure, there are many bands that could take your mind way, way out to the outer reaches, and more Western Suburbs Pink Floyds that you could count. But, being wild colonial Australia, all of these bands had an undertow of hard blues that dragged the music band to Earth when it threatened to touch the firmament.
Maybe it’s you. Lately I find you bratty and annoying. I wanted so much to like you—an 11-year-old detective in 1950s Britain with a passion for chemistry? You sounded superb, and while I enjoyed The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie, I wasn’t as blown away as I expected to be. I found your second adventure a bit grim and I just can’t get into this latest escapade.
gone long before I have the chance to pause
When writers self-publish on the Kindle, they also have to agree to the Terms of Service that says, among other things, that their book is not pornographic. So let's get this straight: pornographic material featuring consenting adults is not okay, but manuals about how to rape or molest children and get away with it are A-OK!
I’ll call tonight. Here’s a song I thought you’d like.
I hate you winter fashion.
Hand on your neck
It seems I am often heralded for my vintage style, and while I do have a great affinity with decades past, I like to make them work for me. This is why I mix my plastic children's jewelry with 80's couture; my hoochie heels with high collared tops and just about anything that takes my fancy. I do know my decades, my designers and my history, but I also know what suits me. So for that reason I take an eclectic view of fashion and enjoy finding myself in all my looks.
I AM WILLING TO MAKE MISTAKES, LEARN FROM THEM, FORGIVE MYSELF AND MOVE ON
Registries:
This project was a lot of fun for my family. It gave us the chance to think about how to get other children in our community active and healthy. It was also the perfect opportunity to talk about these goals and values with my own children. We made a great collection of items perfect for inspiring fun and active habits in little kids.
“Senator Tunku is alone among the entire DAP central executive committee in his stand on Bersih 3.0,” Lim said yesterday.
Now forget all the partisan points for a minute. We have more than 200 deaths attributed to this operation and an ATF agent on tape saying she thought the ATF needed to dig up dirt on a U.S. Senator to stop him from investigating the ATF. At some point we all, left, right, and center, need to recognize when the inmates have taken over the asylum.
It’ll apparently yield you amid four and six hours to defeat Captain Whisker, but you’ll accept to put in a accomplished lot added time if you appetite to see the game’s authentic ending, which requires you to aggregate Sol and Chaos emeralds. You’ll get Sol emeralds by demography on a alternation of missions that already afresh pits you adjoin the game’s bosses, while you’ll accept to seek the seven seas for a battling speedster alleged Johnny in adjustment to antithesis the Chaos emeralds. There are aswell a huge bulk of ancillary missions you can yield on at any time during the game, the majority of which claiming you to achieve specific tasks on levels you’ve ahead visited. Additionally, there are a bulk of multiplayer options, including bounded bold administration and online play. The multiplayer has players aggressive to accomplishment a affiliated faster or aggregate added rings, and the online play is bolstered by a aggressive leaderboard.
For example a country that is not rich in natural resources will often feel the need to start war with another country which has more natural resources in order to obtain what they have. In today’s world power is often deemed a panacea, but people always abuse their power especially those of high political standing. They make decisions based upon pithless aphorisms, and past feuds. History is always reverberated it has never grown and evidently never will; these people make choices in a fully cogent state, they are fully aware of the repercussions of their actions and they know how many lives they will be taking but that does not stop them. For example with genocide, it is never a reaction to something, it is a plan, it is an order of mass destruction and death of a countries own people.
But imagine for a moment if President Nixon's men, when called before the committees investigating the Watergate scandal, had provided less than twenty percent of subpoenaed documents after a full year of ignoring requests and congressional pleading. Then further imagine that among the twenty percent of the documents that were provided to Congress, hundreds of pages were "fully redacted," or completely blacked out. Black paper, by the ream.
Midwestern Red Beef Rutabaga Curry
Petty it may seemed to us grown-ups but its one big deal for a 6 years old who worked so hard at earning that diploma.
of the beginning lines that perhaps you can recognize the poem. That way,
The author of the piece was one Otto Binder, one of the most remarkable figures in 20th Century pop culture. Whipsmart and mind-bogglingly prolific, Binder wrote thousands of comic book stories for Fawcett, DC and Marvel, spanning over several decades, as well as scores of science fiction novels and short stories. He was also the editor of Space World magazine in the early 60s, which was a big cheerleader for JFK's ambitions for the space race.
The pressure removes itself from her dead body…
I started to write that I do not care for Kansas City, and explain why. I’ve changed my mind. I still don’t care for the place, but it occurred to me why I do not and it is fairly petty . . . well, the three ex-girlfriends that are native there were fairly petty. Which is pretty petty in and of itself, I suppose.
Foreign Language Film - WE ARE NOMINATED! Susanne Bier for In A Better World. Must win!
Ok....I'm off to tuck my kids in and get a little "pre-TGIF" sleep. Woot! I've got a weekend of stamping planned and I can't wait to get started!
Me, in lovely London, England accent;
Quite aside from the fact that Katniss's lifestyle would inevitably shape her body a certain way by packing hard, wiry muscle onto her, it's simple fact that a congenitally strong person - with a robust frame, broad shoulders and hips, and the tendency to build up muscle - would be more likely to thrive and breed in a subsistance level society like District Twelve, and pass those qualities onto their offspring. A skinny, small boned Katniss would be unrealistic not only from the perspective that she would be UNABLE to do what Katniss actually does in the story, but also because she'd be genetically unlikely to be born in the first place!
The awkwardness and out of place feelings really got bigger as I got bigger, though you would not have known it if you'd seen the 10 year old running along the jetty rocks, seemingly without fear. When I was in sixth grade, I broke a picture with glass. I thought about using that glass to cut myself. I was at a point where I felt I could not win, school was unbearable, my sister constantly taunted me, not only did I have the usual 'out of place' feeling but on top of that I was getting all the normal adolescent fears. I remember I was in my school uniform, it was probably February or March. The thought that stopped me was, "I'll miss the Cape if I do that. If I'm not here." It was a turning point for me and although I would always struggle with depression, when things got to their worst in my mind, I would always think about that time I would have at the Cape if I just stuck it out. I'd count days and hours and tick them off in my head. I knew at 11 years old that if I could just make it to July or August I would be able to go and refuel myself in a way. I still, to this day, think that way.
It was like the hallway outside the hotel room in China with all the uncertainty and anxiety and fears that went along with it.
The consultant who has spent less than day in Blackwater can see the situation but Council fails to act. Shame!
Cold wind outside, and the crackling of a roaring fire, the prickle of goosebumps on your legs, the muted voice of the priest reading out words you can barely hear…
236.9 D
David is the only Jewish character in the film and it is part of his self-image. There are no external signs of Jewishness-- no kippah, no ethnic look or clothing so, if one didn't know—if he or someone else in the film wasn't continually pointing it out, he would be a character like the others rather than the embodiment of an ethnicity. He is a corrupter of innocence; a fraud, a thief, a liar, a scammer. He is a child abandoner. He has done this before, according to the abandoned wife with child beside her, who is now jaded. He has impregnated other innocent British girls. He lowers property values and ruins society. He steals from innocent vulnerable people and takes the treasures of the culture for himself like the stereotypical money-grubbing Jew.
8:30 p.m.: Now it’s the turn of ORTM to feature an interview with Capt. Sanogo, apparently recorded this morning. Sanogo claims he knows where President Touré is, that he is safe and in good shape. (But he doesn’t say that Touré is in custody.)
So, do not hesitate in your understanding of that classification. Never hesitate to call on us, because we are available. Yes, it is so that the archangels and the angels, our primary interaction is with the realm of humankind in terms of this planet, and particularly this unfoldment. But do not think that you do not have access to all nine realms; you do. It would be the same as thinking that you do not have access to the heart—the love—of God, of Source, of One.
This brings me to my family reflection, as we continued our journey through the Christianities to discover a faith family we landed at an Associated Gospel Church, Crossroads Community Church.
Bull Shoals fish have been feeding up on shad flushed live out of the dam, rather than the normal cold weather driven shad kill, and our guide team have been reporting some really solid fish, rainbows out of the norm. So it was good to find a few this week, still taking shad on the rises in flows, and eating Dynamite Worms and Davy Wotton Sowbugs in between.
In his search for memory, for that is what he must undertake in order to learn and understand from where he came, Sebald's trademark photographs play an important role. These photographs are presented throughout the text to illustrate people and places that 'Sebald' or Austerlitz make reference to. We cannot help regard at least some of them as genuine as the text that accompanies them describes the photo exactly as we see it and yet we know that apart from a few which look as though they have been taken by Sebald for the book, most of these images are found and have been appropriated for this fiction. That striking photo on the front cover for example of the young Austerlitz dressed for a ball, 'the unusual hairline running at a slant over the forehead...the piercing, inquiring gaze of the page boy who had come to demand his dues, who was waiting in the grey light of dawn on the empty field for me to accept the challenge and avert the misfortune lying ahead of him.' So convincing and yet of course Austerlitz is a fiction, this is some other boy, the only clue on the back of the photo in Sebald's archive are the words "Stockport: 30p" The book is filled with moments like this where we have to remind ourselves that what we are both reading and seeing is not real, but it is also worth reminding ourselves that whilst the construction isn't 'real' every episode of fear, exile and death within the book was someone's reality.
Meanwhile, the Sky Blues began to stutter. Having also fallen out of Europe’s premier competition in their debut season, their form faltered. Losses to Swansea and Arsenal and draws to Stoke and Sunderland meant that they conceded first spot in the League. However, spirited performances against West Brom and Norwich have given hope to the City faithful, despite Mancini’s claim the race is over (definite mind games). At the same time, the Red Devils lost to Wigan and drew to Everton in a thrilling encounter at Old Trafford. Is the title race back on? It most certainly is.
These are the people to whom the Lord could one day say, “Ye should have hearkened unto me.” Rather He will say what it says in Matthew 25:41. “Depart from me ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels.”
You were probably a baby at 16 years. wise in somethings, totally led by others in other things. I thing that is changing.
Click icon for more
I was disgusted. I watched and listened. I waited for the girls to stand-up for themselves they did not. How could they in that particular culture. I felt my energy go down into my just above my hips area, where it does when I feel very grounded. I made sure I felt comfortable.
Or there was the time I was leading a call myself, with the object being to train a room full of Sri Lankans, listening from the other side of the world to my discourse on how to markup a financial document. They were a quiet, respectful group of students who rarely interrupted my monologue with any questions. Though it would’ve been nice if one of them had called back when the line went dead 15 minutes into my hour-long spiel.
I already can't wait until the next one! Hope everyone has a wonderful evening and don't forget to enter my blogiversary giveaway... tonight is your last chance! Will be picking a winner tomorrow!
ETA: so we went grocery shopping tonight (1/15/11) and it was so nice to come home to a cleared and organized fridge! I shifted just a couple things to make more room for the fresh fruit and veggies, but I am so happy. It was easy to restock from the back, so older items got used first, everything sorted, I didnt have to question where to put the applesauce jar (got a jar rather than cups, dont need the convience of cups for the rediculous price hike), the new jar of pickles, or anything else. So lovely.
55.814601, 13.728526
There are going to be many other questions specific only to your business. You need to try and understand what your target market and potential customers are looking for. Then, cater your website to those needs.
And there you have it. Try to enjoy watching liberal chickens come home to roost, you'll be seeing more of it!
Passive aggressive.
What do you do when it's a frozen tundra outside, and you want to paint, but you don't want to even drive to the studio? You set up at home and make a tryptic of the snow scenes (from last year!). This is almost done on the front, but as each canvas is on gallery wrap the sides need to be finished, then I'll mount them in a floater frame. What I loved about painting this was 1) I painted it so that each canvas could stand on its own and 2) painting in acrylic I can layer and layer and layer - with all those gorgeous colors showing through!
While we were driving down the street one day she said, "Mommy, when I grow up I want to be a stop sign!" I said, "I thought you wanted to be a kitty cat." (Because she told me last week she wanted to be a kitty cat.) She said, "I'll just be a red kitty cat that looks like a stop sign."
I made a birthday card for Jerry. I didn't get to it in time though so I knew it'd be late.. :-(
I found out about this event from RWA chapter mate and blogger extraordinaire Julia Smith. It’s an opportunity for bloggers all over the world to raise their voices for peace. Participants post about peace on their blogs and fly a peace globe for the day.
Jessica weaves a very believable world in which the descendants could exist without the knowledge of humans, but there’s a dark twist that makes the life of the descendants not all that sweet and rosy. And Elyse as a main character was wonderful, a great mesh of uncertainty and strength that fit her circumstances well.
I’ll be hosting a Journey Through Australian Boutique Beer out at the very nicely appointed Club Kilsyth in Bayswater North (my friends in the ‘inner’ suburbs, look it up in ya Melways – it’s there!) which I hope will be the first of regular beer events for those folk out east who have not had the easy access to good beer that we sometimes take for granted.
Fact is, we are all individuals. Some of us even more than others (hah!). We're part of a diverse and specialised but social species. We're born and bred to cooperate.
1352 *D-VI/5/2000. “The Person in Abortion Cases and in a Slavery System.” Alumni Seminar, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(1), above, pp. 178-82.)
It’s wrong to suggest Bacalhau’s voice is all about power; she is capable of immense range, and I’ve never heard a singer before so capable of delivering a full throated pianissimo; she is also linguistically hugely dexterous, delivering lyrics that are packed tight and fast, such as “Ai Rapaz” or “Cancao ao lado”. She is an astonishing singer, a voice that is rare and quite unique and terrifically engaging. As for the band, Luis Jose Martins and Pedro da Silva Martins on guitar and vocals and Ze Pedro Leitao on (a beautiful) bass are fantastic musicians, and obviously devoted to giving Bacalhau free rein. The result is… well, I have to say it again; perfect. Just perfect.
She could hear none of the usual Sunday garden sounds, no shrieking children, no droning lawnmowers, but it was late in the year; perhaps her neighbours were all inside their warm houses, preparing a weekly roast lunch while she worked out here alone.
Honeydew Melon
I know true grace.
Helen Howell does one-card Joie de Vivre tarot readings on Facebook, and just out of curiosity I asked her, “Does the card promise me joy?” I have never been a joyful person, have never really thought happiness was that important —other things have always mattered more: contentment, truth, friendship. Still, it seemed the logical question to ask of a Joy of Living card. And this was Helen’s response:
The forty millions of people,—O bard! in life and death supreme,
We also have a sponsor for this fabulous Blog Hop
Our sorrows and wounds are healed only when we touch them with compassion. -- Buddha
The Seven blogs I nominate for this award are:
“Enough with both of you. I’m going to Sandra and checking out their plan.” said Courtney.
Zest! Exciting Food Creations "Farm2Spoon caldo frijo on chili-spiced tortilla with queso fresco" It was good. Didn't love it. Partially because I was overly stuffed at this point.
This virus was closely related to xenotropic murine leukemia virus (X-MLV) and designated as xenotropic murine leukemia virus-related virus (XMRV).
Apple has not yet posted an agenda, saying only that, “Developers will learn about the future of iOS and OS X, allowing them to build incredible new apps.”
I like that their individual personalities will show at least a little in their wardrobe, and they won’t look like the bridesmaid clones that I’ve seen in some weddings. It works for some people, but it just doesn’t work for me.
Saturday night we got dressed up, Kevin and Cooper matched, it was so cute, and headed to the pageant. I tried to keep people updated on how the night progress on Facebook- it kept getting more exciting as the night went! Alexis first made the top 10 cut. I say top 10, but they actually announced 15 semi finalists. I have to say that Alexis made the 15 on her scores alone; no votes were bought- she earned it! I say that because two of the top 12 were part of the pay to vote People's Choice winners. I think it is a great fund raiser for the pageant, but its really nice to know our girl made it by herself.
Saturday March 20th afternoon bbq
Is it time for me to quit teaching? I never thought I'd ask myself that question. I don't want to ask myself that question, because I'm afraid of what the answer might be. But I have to ask myself that question. And I have to find an answer, and a reason to keep doing what I love, in the place where I used to love doing it.
In a couple of days, it will mark my one year anniversary of living in San Francisco. When I graduated college, I wanted to live/work in one of three cities: SF, NYC or London. Fortunately, I got myself a job in SF and have been here since.
The moist, delicious, flavorful, fall of the bone type ribs.
1. Total amount of music files on your computer?
Ummmm ooookaaaayyy now. LOLS!
For the shower walls, we used Durarock (or cement board). Though it's heavier and more expensive then green board, it is the right product to use as it's water proof. You definitely don't want water getting to those beams!
HUNTSVILLE, Texas — Anthony Bartee remains in limbo as a federal appeals court mulls over a challenge of a court order delaying his execution tonight.
The embellishment cluster on the left has a few altered items. The canvas heart from Canvas Corp. is coloured with Victorian Velvet Distress ink and then misted with water. When dried, I stamped it with a music notes stamp from Hero Arts and Timber Brown Archival ink.
1/2 cup cold butter, cut up into small pieces
Hi all Emma here, welcome back to Fab N Funky! You obviously liked last week's challenge, as we had an absolute mountain of entries! There so so many wonderful entries, I had an extremely hard time picking a top 3!
Fill the blender with the soaked mix+water but don’t go beyond half it’s capacity. This will ensure that the batter gets blended nicely. I reuse the water that I soaked the rice in for this step.
It is by being conformed to the death of Christ, everyday, by the power of His resurrection, that we will gain Christ. What will the outcome of gaining Christ be? What will this special Prize be? It is the out-resurrection from among the dead. You see, everyone will be resurrected. Some will be resurrected to judgement. Some will be resurrected to glory. The out-resurrection, as the Greek states it, is something special for those who have gained Christ. It is for those who have been filled and saturated with His resurrection Life, having died to self. It is a special enjoyment of Christ in His coming 1,000 year reign.
Movement:Nope, but I'd LOVE it if I were feeling some before my 16 week appointment...that way I could feel more comfortable going without Justin since it's just a regular check-up (he came to every appointment last time around). But, I know that with likely having an anterior placenta again, that may be wishful thinking.
It's probably also worth mentioning as a footnote that the band had some peculiar and unorthodox ways of getting press attention without hiring a Press Officer or even being signed to a label. They once got into Kings Reach Towers and plastered their posters all over the walls of the NME's toilets - one review the magazine subsequently published largely consisted of a request asking them to come back and clean up. They also sent out packets of lard to music critics (which melted all over their records, causing a lot of anger and resentment), and on one occasion publicised a bunch of gigs in the NME's gig guide in places that didn't even exist (which were published completely unchecked). It may have got them press, but one has to wonder how much long-term ill feeling it all generated. One thing's for sure, though, they livened up Southend at a point in time where there really wasn't a hell of a lot going on there... I certainly enjoyed having my own set of renegades-about-town for a while.
Inconvenient by Margie Gelbwasser
(Or approximately)
No matter that their eyes are red
Thank you Catherine, I loved it all.
She worked in the harbor for too short a spell, from my POV, before migrating to Houston, but what do I know about the economics.
Meacham: Ronald Reagan said
when life was so beautiful and people lived in harmony
One of my Mini-Munnys arms has broken off.
Okay, so there was nothing here so far this year. You can see the little greenhouse that I talk about all the time on the left and my “compost” barrel just beyond that (yes, I also like to try my hand at composting).
Did the committee believe that by imposing time limits it made the sale into an contract of servitude for debt repayment?
I’m not saying that even Boy Abunda is an idiot for admiring her “frankness.” If she’s frank, why can’t she admit that she had a nose and boob job, huh (I hate mentioning this all over and over again, but I just want everyone to understand that being frank means being open-minded as well and not only speaking your mind out!)? Insecure much? Well, if I’m not mistaken, she just did this just to be like her sister– beautiful, and booby. If “Ate Hazel” is naturally blessed with good looks and a voluptuous figure, of course, that hindered her improvement in acting, because it seemed that her annoyingly unstandable little sister is better than her in acting.
"Have the dogs been fed?" or the variant of cats, birds or even flowers will be asked incessantly.
So, there is heaps of incentives to get your stash organised ... and maybe win a prize along the way! Scrapz does this challenge every year and it's been very popular! I can't wait to start :-) :-) ...
Once upon a time I was a beautiful red cup full of warm liquid composed of laughter, joy, love, and endless potential. Then I shattered because the warm liquid was replaced by elements that held freezing temperatures; shame, physical and mental pain, ugly words, and confusion.
Anyway, I knew my daughter was "gifted" (public school word) and I didn't want her thrown into the masses. So, I thought that if I could get her into our district's "gifted" class room she'd at least have some chance of surviving the year without withering in boredom. The acceptance process for this very elite, select group of young scholars required several letters of recommendation, and survey, evaluation and MOST importantly testcores above 92% in all subject areas. wow.
One interesting touch is that victims do not automatically turn to stone. The process takes about an hour or so. Characters have time to further the plot with exposition and emote about the tragedy of their fate. At least that appears to be the main purpose. The Gorgon herself is going after the members of a certain family in some streak of revenge. Peter Cushing, as the town doctor, os altering the death certificates in order to hide her rampage.
The card stock on the backside of the folder had the most elegant flourished pattern on the reverse side so I used a piece on the front of this wedding card.....I used the same sentiment on a MFT's Die-namices die cut and added a Cherry Lynn Designs vine die cut, punched flowers with pearl centers, lace, a scalloped die cut (also MFT's), silk ribbon, and heart stick pins. Now I'm all set for a couple of summer weddings!!!
In college you can always find a good friend willing to take a free concert ticket. My friend and I even got to meet Eric Hutchinson and proceeded to make him laugh and feel his soft man-hands (I don’t care if that sounded stalkerish, I love his hands). And to ease my pain of going to Eric Hutchinson concert without a date I went to another concert with a bunch of good friends.
5. “I Put A Spell On You” featuring Joss Stone
Why Overcharging Your Power Tool Battery Is Criminal
Animal Político, 13/2/2012
butter or margarine for cooking
Other than that I don't ever do much with her but I love her conformation and her head is about perfect. She is not very tall (about 14.2) and that's perfect for me too. If I had more knowledge when I got her and no broke horses I probly would have rode her but I didn't have the patience or the skills at the time and mostly was just unsure so she got left. I am really tempted to take her back up this spring and get her bred back the same way as Jamaica, but I am trying to cut down on horses here right now to a usable amount so I can concentrate on them and showing as well.
More art than science, and that's the way it should be.
Good design can save time and money.
Could that be true? Could violent mobs of teens be so commonplace in Norfolk that police and victims have no recourse?
Drunk girls
It didn't take me too long to figure out that not only is Dennis beloved by everyone in the rock poster world, but he's highly respected and his work is sought after by new and old bands alike.
“The government’s prosecution of Megaupload demonstrates the implications of the government acting as a proxy for private commercial interests. The government is using its enforcement powers to accomplish what most copyright owners haven’t been willing to do in civil court,” Goldman writes.
Frankly, the problem is that China’s overfished and depleted waters are forcing fisherman further and further out into sea, where they are running into more and more trouble with Korean and Japanese coast guards.
Your decision might be the correct one, the outcome may have been perfect, but patients are humans, not statistics – and humans have feelings – we sometimes need to remember to tread lightly, no matter how bad a day we are having.
I’m weird, so kill me.
However true your article is seen by most of us, it is patently not so among the denizens of self importance and since they hold the whip hand, regardless of the views of government and its diplomacy by people who can afford to wait until the furore has died down before carrying on where they left off. The banking system is a beast that will not be tamed. Like arms salesmen, they will do whatever it takes, on the grounds that if they don’t someone else will. The big boys don’t exactly seem to be quivering in their boots at the breech loaders – they know that no one will pull the cord – to many entwined vested interests. In any event, when push comes to shove, the old school tie covert conspirators will let their equally avaricious lobbyists, another mob Mr. Cameron ‘U’ turned on, off the leash. Plus cachange…
Okay, my last original fic to post today. I wrote these last week but haven’t had time to type them up or post them (hence why I extended the drabble challenge). This one takes place when Sarah and Tucker are kids. Tucker really was a jerk. I swear he changes later on. The prompt was sticks and stones at writerverse.
In that way he was not prey to the fatalism of former British PM Harold MacMillan (1956-64): When asked what he feared most while in office, MacMillan wearily replied, “Events, my dear boy, events.”
Monday I start off down the mountain with expired tabs to unexpire them. Oh, no, can’t do that. The auditor’s office is closed on Mondays now to try to save the state money. Eek! Twenty miles from home. Can’t let the law catch me: I’ve never even had a speeding ticket! So zip here, hide there. Get gas? Yeah, and there is the town cop. He didn’t notice. Phew!
In his letter to Timothy, the Apostle wrote about his unique apostleship in 1 Timothy 2:7.
I am going to re-post how to make the yarn balls again here:
Sikh-Muslim Relations in the UK and the World
Benefits from: Markets run on information. Corporation tax and top rate. City protections. Investing in his future.
On the subject of Steve Bell again. Who is this new kid on the block? Is this new arrival simply a case of UAF/SWP realising that Martin Smith and Weyman Bennett aren't doing them any favours, publicity wise? After all, both of these bellends have been arrested and now we all know exactly who they are and what their real political allegiances are… Enter Steve Bell. Steve Bell is also a union leader for UNISON. His job,no doubt, is to Trotskify the union, spend all its funds on strikes and books by Trotsky, and then basically ruin it.
Some of the zombie extras were paid more to eat real calf brains in the film. Dan O'Bannon didn't want the actors to do anything he wasn't willing to do and ate some raw calf brains first in front of them.
What really makes this picture work so far is the contrast. Although the background is still white, you can tell at this point that the candle is bright and the boy will likely be standing in a dark room. His side far away from the candle is dark and deeply shadowed, but everything close to the candle is bright and vibrant.
The legends themselves: Alan Boubill and Claude-Michel Schonburg. I DIE. I mean, these men are insane legends and just oh my gahhhh. I lost it here. For real. It was worse than when I saw ALW at Phantom 25. I know, who'd have ever thought someone would top Lloyd Webber?!
To anyone reading I know this is a little off topic from what I usually blog about, but it’s important to me and had to be said. I’m really hoping it doesn’t offend anyone, but if it does then chances are that person would offend me too. Hey I’m not perfect, and I think that’s the problem with people’s view of the church. They don’t seem to realize that church people are SUPPOSED to be imperfect. We’re all screw ups. That’s why we’re there, even those people who think they’re so awesome, they’re screw ups for thinking that they’re perfect. So forgive us, and well forgive you too. Or at least thats how it’s supposed to work. Nothing ever works out how it’s supposed to of course. Sorry about that. People need to stop expecting perfection, especially when they themselves are not perfect.
“Preserve me O God for in you I take refuge.”
note that for nammoura cakes, the granular type is typically used. for baking cakes and certain breads, the flour type is used. in indian cooking, the granular type is used for a variety of recipes depending on geography.
The news of the killings raised tensions in the ethnically divided country between Macedonians and country’s largest Albanian minority.
I've made letters like this also and I really like the look.
You must have some serious shit in your hookah for that to sound like a good idea. Really, gift bags? They'll just have to declare them and pay taxes on them now, you know. Yet another example of Iran spreading its hairy, crusty buttocks and farting out "FUCK YOU" to Britain. And don't think I didn't get the innuendo behind those bags they gave them. "Carpetbaggers," indeed. I'd check those bags for bugs. No, I don't mean listening devices, I mean insects. You know what Third World countries are like.
Hey pals! Welcome to day two of the 12 Days of Christmas series. Today, I'm supposed to be posting some wonderful something. Truth is, I have a few somethings I could write about. But there's uploading the photos and editing them, then writing the post and then rewriting it 16 times. And I'm just not up for that today, folks. Sorry.
14. Imaginary
(Minimize any task menu item to the tray instead of the task menu by running PowerMenu.)
Before I opened the package, I looked at it for a second and thought to myself, If I know Nikki–and I do–then this box is filled with glitter…And it was! Can you see the purple sheen on the magazine?
So does tuning a life.
I'm sure you would all love a little sneak peek into the evening of the opening.
-You won’t regret playing Barbies with your sister even though you might be “too old” for Barbies.
There is so much we could look at with this encounter but for today let me get you to focus in on this thought - Different motivations drive us to seek God. Jacob was running scared before this encounter; he was running from an angry uncle and running towards an angry brother. He had nowhere else he could go so for a moment he was frozen in his fear, and then Jacob sought God alone in the night. But something happened in the night changed his life in many ways. Once he encountered God in the wrestling, Jacob would not let go of God – he held on for dear life. A constant thing in Jacob’s life was to hang on as seen by his willingness to work so long for his wives, so what Jacob always did in the past became the source of changing his life. He held on to God until he was changed by God. He held on tight!
School headmaster Mann Singh, too, deposed they were together in class.
In my cemeteries wanderings I have seen literally thousands of these “married” headstones. I have wondered, what kind of headstones do gay couples have after they die? Of course back “then” there were no gay couples. ”Back then”, gay couples stayed in the closet, even in the cemetery.
Sheep shearing is just about finished and we finished all the goats last week. Our goats look funny once they are sheared, especially Amos the Buck as he has really big horns and they look really huge on him without his fleece. I know they all feel much better and they look better as well.
It's times like this, when I feel the closest to God...
Cos I think Mummy is going to really get mad if I bite somebody else (even if I do look rather adorable doing it!)
Here is the reality. This yellow dress was already in the wash for today. The clothes she had on earlier - well they looked just like this or worse - actually this dress doesn't look that dirty here on the photo, but trust me. It was. And she was "covered - head to toe" in dirt.
It’s fair to say that Air Canada’s big proportion of revenue comes from their business class travellers, and this will offer a higher revenue stream for the airline, who is most likely being hit from a degraded business traveller market at the moment, providing another pricing bracket for business travellers to purchase into. With competitor, WestJet‘s recent purchase of new Bombardier aircraft, Air Canada will need to invest into their fleet to make them feel contemporary, or their signs of wear and tear may prove a detriment to them.
Now I see my body for what it is and what it is not. Wrinkles and all. Lumpy parts and parts that still manage to stay smooth and soft. I am seeing more and more the reality of who I am. And okay, I will admit it publicly, expensive underwear helps!!
It's also good to be finished with the "Setesdal" sweater. It's size large, knitted in the yarn Heilo (100% wool).
Close-up interior of aircraft.
Black liquid eyeliner pen
I loved trying different things in Japan.
Ok, that's a bit of an overstatement. ONE person is being a dick today, and I don't understand why. I've apologized if I offended them, in a sincere manner. And all I got in return was a terse reply that clearly showed they didn't accept my apology.
So where does the internet figure? Well Coco needs to find the address so she can go rescue Fuzzy and she receives an email from someone she doesn't know offering help. BIG mistake as the the young readers will find out - it turns out to be not what she expected and underlines the perils of 'people' that are met on the internet and may be pretending something other than they say.
So, that's installment #1 of me being caught up - there'll be 2 more to get me current & then I can actually move on to 2012 =)
Father, I ask you make __________ a man after your own heart who will do all your will (Acts 13:22; 1 Samuel 16:7).
Just wanted to post a couple of pics of some fabulous items I picked up on AVON's online store. They have some fantastic gift ideas, at bargain prices!!
Part of me is also being self-conscious about staying home when my child is not home. I’m afraid that I can’t justify for being home and not working while my child will be at school everyday except that I am not allowed to work in my current host country. I am apprehensive about what people will think about me. In the Western societies, I feel that the job as a stay-at-home mom is not as valued as other paid jobs even though it is one of the most challenging jobs that exist.
I can picture the elderly saint standing before stubborn Christ-followers and performing a Jedi mind trick. It’s enacted by a gentle wave of his hand, just like Obiwan Kenobi did in a couple of the Star Wars movies. But Jedi mind tricks involve the involuntary acquiescence of the subject. The Jedi control shallow minds so that the creatures have no choice but to do what the Jedi suggests. God doesn’t do that and neither does Peter. He’s actually telling the people to choose to crave the things of God instead of the things they used to be attracted to.
1 menagerie
Fear and unresolved issues can keep you stuck in a holding pattern for your life.
Part of the reason I found this novel compelling in that Austenian way is how Kowal manages to create such organic relationships between characters. When it comes to romance, it’s not telegraphed who Jane will end up with or even who is and is not an eligible suitor—Jane’s two options crop up organically during the novel. Part of the fun of reading Shades of Milk and Honey is watching how Jane’s relationships with both men develop naturally, and, of course, hoping that Jane picks… well, telling you what team I was on will spoil you, especially since I was on the winning team—but it’s a well-earned, loving, and equal relationship well worth rooting for. Now that’s how I like my romance! But Jane’s relationship with her sister, Melody, is just as organic, as is her mentorship of Beth, a contemporary of her sister’s. (Her mother, a Mrs. Bennet 2.0, doesn’t fair as well.) Jane envies her sister her beauty, although her rationality and clearheadedness keeps her from ever using glamour to change her physical appearance, and Melody envies Jane her intellectual talents. While it’s tempting to compare Jane and Melody to Elinor and Marianne from Sense and Sensibility, their sisterly relationship feels more equal to me.
Everyone was saying how they only needed one coat. That is true for my Duck Egg Blue paint, but the Old White that I used on my table and chair does need a second coat!
The Azalea Assault
Because of all the storms on Thursday evening by the time we got everything unpacked we were exhausted and ready for a reasonably early bedtime. Hearing all the water outside made for a wonderful nights rest.
It was a good, full, amazing year. And there is no doubt in my mind, that this year will be quite similar, and I need not worry about not accomplishing enough.
I have nothing profound to say about the fact that it appears to be working properly now...except that I am excited that it is working properly now.
- roll out to desired size / shape (approx 1mm thickness for lasagna sheet, 1/2mm thickness for pasta)
at the tomb of Alexandre Dumas le fils
Those who know me know that my most favorite social event is a small, unpretentious dinner party - sitting around the dinner table over a tasty meal with good friends, or new friends, and talking.....and eating....and drinking wine or tea or whatever pleases you.....and more talking, sharing stories and joys and sorrows and lots of laughter.
But, I didn’t want to write a novel that was only tailored for sci-fi lovers. I wanted to write something that was accessible to everyone, so I worked hard to make sure that the technical stuff was accurate and true, but that understanding it in any detail was not at all required for enjoying the novel.
The Church survived barbarian invasions. The Church survived wave after wave of Jihads. The Church survived the age of revolution. The Church survived Nazism and Communism.
The Jesuits of the United States form one of the richest and most powerful corporations the world ever saw. - ibid, p. 375.
It's hard to believe our sweet girl turned 16 months on Saturday. All of the sudden she's grown into this little person, she's definitely not a baby anymore! She loves to play pretend, she's always trying to feed us pretend food, or stir something in a bowl, she pretends to clean the floors, and feed her babies their bottles. She loves giving kisses and makes sure that everyone in the room gets their equal share of her love. She has a larger than life personality and is the sweetest, most cuddly little toddler in the world. She loves to color, sing, read books, and more than anything else she LOVES to dance... it might just be her favorite thing.
In the social sciences, we want to describe how a process can occur from many different angles. When we look at just these four studies, we are able to determine how discrimination can occur (as a subliminal response), why it can occur (as a reaction to avoiding bias), and what happens when it occurs (altering career trajectories and viewing others as sub-par). Let’s break this down into what each study showed us. For those of you who read the past four posts, this will be a mini-review. However, thinking about all of these studies in concert is the goal to allow us to better understand these processes.
Captions for the cartoon from The New Yorker are due Wednesday before midnight.
1. JF
To prove these two things therefore, He works His miracles at times with power, at other times with prayer. It should be considered also that in lesser things He looks to heaven, but in greater He does all with power. When He forgave sins, raised the dead, stilled the sea, opened the secrets of the heart, opened the eyes of him that was born blind, which were works only of God, He is not seen to pray; but when He multiplies the loaves, a work less than any of these, He looks up to heaven, that you may learn that even in little things He has no power but from His Father.
You hear it all the time “Times are Tough,” “Things have to start looking up or were through” and “There is just nothing good left in the world anymore” but, is that really true? I think that the world is on the brink of a complete metamorphosis and total rediscovery of what is truly good and great in the world! Sure things have changed dramatically since we were all young, but there have been a lot of positive things that we now enjoy as a results of those changes which shape everything in our lives from the way we interact, to the way we communicate with one another, to the way we live and love in our lives. Some hold firm to the belief that we are living in the worst of times, but I truly believe that we are living in the best of times and that things will continue to just keep getting better if we truly believe they will!! So ask yourself – Is my glass half empty or half full?!
unusual happenings can lie hidden in
Then, of course, there are the last 50 pages. I won’t spoil the plot here, but I actually groaned. I am still not satisfied that Ann Patchett closes her novels as well as she starts them, but she’s come a long way since THE PATRON SAINT OF LIARS.
Accessories: ruffled ribbon, brads
Dip: Combine sour cream and blue cheese then mix well. Serve with wings and celery.
towelettes which are very handy for those days you forgot to apply deodorant or find that it's just not holding up. As a stand alone product it doesn't work as well for me as Certain Dri, but it helps a lot when I'm on the go.
Well, with it being a long weekend for my family I thought that the Monday after Christmas would be a good time to revisit Holiday traditions.
Into a mixing bowl throw in flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar and salt. Whisk to combine.
Bobby pin
Say goodbye
Do you see what I see
I need to get signed up for another 100 soon, hopefully in Feb. sometime. I am trying to drop some weight before I fully commit.
This morning, we set out in search of somewhere to have a massage, a treat I've promised to Wink for her birthday present. It took rather a long time to find the place ... and then it was closed. Hardly downhearted at all *sigh* we remembered a beauty salon we had passed the previous day. Maybe there?
Of course, I’m kidding that he’s even engaged in a rational discussion here. SI.com ought to use this photo on the header of his e-magazine page and be done with the pretense that he possesses a shred of objectivity.
Specifically that Santana, who was highlighted as having no solid idea of what she wanted to do post-graduation but who was so extremely certain that she would be famous (without every once mentioning a single notion, plan, or even a shred of an idea of how she would accomplish this), not only got into a college that it seems she never applied to thanks to Brittany and Sue Sylvester, but also got a full ride on a cheerleading scholarship! That is, an athletic scholarship, for which she had definitely never applied, auditioned for, had a scout come and meet her and see what she could do, no effort on her part whatsoever.
I will be on the lookout for an "assailant" with several companions. Thanks for the newspaper's due diligence in warning the community when an armed man or woman is on the loose shooting people. If I see any person unknown to me with companions I will be sure to call 9-1-1.
Plus three dozen
Odell Brewing Company Odell Easy Street Wheat
Webpage Outline
All you need is these three things:
A bill tying judges and counties hands on the cheapest way to handle low-level bail bonds has cleared the Senate and already received a hearing in the House, putting at risk successful systems used in multiple jurisdictions. Tuesday, the House Criminal Jurisprudence Committee heard SB 878 which would disallow courts from accepting cash bonds less than the full amount pending pretrial release. In other words, the bail bond industry wants a monopoly. They want to force people to choose between coming up with the full amount in cash or paying 10-15% to a bail bondsman that they'll never see again. I happened to be in the committee hearing when this was heard and thought it was a terrible bill; having now read it, I'm convinced that's the case.
Now- let's flesh your character out a bit. Some people do a family study. What I mean is that they assign the character a place in a family-oldest, middle, youngest or only child and use psychological profiles of these child placements to add depth to characters.
A throw down at my house,
“The go-to place to get help from on campus has always been the CALL center since my freshmen year, because even during crunch time someone always offers to help me, which at times is much needed,” said Maude Sutherland.
Are Vols prominent in Nashville? You mean voles? Likely not. Vols is short for ‘Volunteers’ you imbecile.
I am from mill'd flour, from Crisco and just out of the oven home-made bread, and the magical healing powers of blueberry pie.
- price includes a delicious lunch provided by the essential ingredient cafe, please advise of any dietary requirements
L: Sandwiches / Leftovers
Redhead that is!
Any other Aussie's interested, just let me know.
So what books are you excited about? (Reading, rereading, just finished reading, waiting for...)
The manager eight finger smiled at me, ‘enjoy your meal.’
1) Quinoa "Meatballs"
Here is the phenomenal indoor pool. According to the site, this area is the building's basement was originally a coal bunker for generating heat, then the armor-plated safe for storing Philippines Tobacco Company money, gold, and documents, and now the space has been outfitted with a pool. Quite a lineage, isn't it?
Well, come on. A colonization? In my vagina?
So let’s add this up. A loyal and expanding fanbase at home, a voracious market abroad, a modest new production budget, and a marketing infrastructure you’ve already paid for.
The Killing Fields
And they flew.
Courteney Cox
Write two paragraphs in reaction to the music, the information about Russia, and the pictures in the post (one paragraph for the post and one for the music!). Tell about any interesting things you learned and what you think about Russia as a place and a culture. As always, you can earn up to five bonus points for defining words you don’t know and using them in a sentence. This assignment is due Wednesday, May 9.
Pakatan Rakyat’s Common Policy Framework is humanist, compassionate, practical and achievable. It is a sign-post to a better future for all Malaysians.
Today, God, any moments of serenity, I will share with you.
If you have any questions or comments about the Sew-Along, please ask. We'll do it the same way as the Men's Shirt Sew-Along, with a separate Flickr group for posting and group discussion.
Vueling was created in July 2004 with a fleet of two Airbus A320s, four routes and the objective of providing excellent customer service at a competitive price. During the 2011-2012 winter season, Vueling is operating a 45-strong aircraft fleet serving 44 airports in 13 countries throughout Europe and North Africa. Six of these airports are permanent centres of operations (Barcelona, Madrid, Seville, Malaga, Bilbao and Valencia). A seventh, Ibiza, is a base during the summer. In April 2011, Vueling introduced two new international operational centres, Amsterdam and Toulouse, which further contribute to the airline’s international growth strategy.
That's where the news story comes in. Cue some guy standing in a field in Aboyne talking about how it was record breakingly hot last week and how cold and snowy it is this week. I guess if you live in Aboyne then you have to lap up any media attention that you get but still, it's not all that noteworthy. Think back to 2009. On Christmas eve, I believe the temperatures were down to around -15 overnight. Then by Christmas day, they somehow made it up to 2 degrees. That's a pretty significant jump and that took place in a very short space of time. For some reason, a jump from very cold to kind of cold doesn't make the news, even though it amounts to the same thing.
I really am going to blog more I have a series in mind where I sing songs I like and explain why and all that I think I have mentioned this before it is taking me a while because my computer keeps saying I have no speakers, I have a laptop so this is really weird and if it doesn't stop/if my dad can't fix it I will have to take it somewhere to get it looked at.
Just eight days after absolving House Majority Leader Harry Reid (NV-D) of extolling Obama’s chances of electoral success because he was a “‘light-skinned’ African American ‘with no Negro dialect, unless he wanted to have one,’” let us hope that the President himself is not succumbing to such an abhorrent racial calculus.
Yogi? Open to starting a practice? Then this one might be for you. If I didn’t have so much expenses I just might.
And I think that this journey into my own mind might be very interesting and also, quite painful. We'll see. If I find myself boring, that will really be sad.
Beef Bourguignon. I have a love of French cuisine. It may stem from the fact that I visited Paris (and the surrounding cities/towns) for nine days my junior year in school and had some of the best food I’ve ever eaten while I was there (their fries are REALLY good. I can’t emphasize that enough). This recipe, although it is spring and warmer days are looming, looks like it will be a great try on the off-chance we get another cool evening.
Professor: That’s right. Tell me son, is there evil in this world?
But Motorola landed a heavy blow last week when the preliminary ITC ruling found Microsoft actively violating four of Motorola’s patents. Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) David P. Shaw made the ruling but nothing is final till at latest the end of August when the ruling will be reviewed by a full commission.
twyla tharp did the choreography,
the vibration through my fingers laid on a tiny back, of a newborns steady breath......
the white horse, the knight
What the internet provides is a more efficient advertising strategy that markets by location and keywords as opposed to casting a wide net and hoping to find potential clients. This also presents a cheaper alternative given that the number of people you are advertising to will be less, even as the number of relevant consumers you reach increases. For example, a magazine or television show will charge you based on the number of readers or viewers they receive. There is nothing to distinguish how many of those people are potential customers, yet you will be charged all the same. Conversely, with online advertising, the numbers will be much smaller but will also be better targeted. Moreover, online content itself is cheaper to produce. All of this adds to being able to advertise more effectively in terms of cost and strategy, something that is essential to new businesses.
I love you to the moon and back already,
About two miles down the road Little Red Riding Hood sees the wolf again and this time he is crouched down behind a rock. "My what big teeth you have Mr. Wolf."
Thank you to the students and staff at St. Gregory the Great Catholic School in San Antonio, Texas! I was welcomed as a Guest Author not once but twice -- for an April 27th school visit and again at their amazing May 5th Family Literacy Night.
Steve was sick with a fever and stomach bug before Christmas, the gingerbread house broke before Elizabeth even decorated it, E and I went to Midnight Mass on Christmas Eve and when we got home she had no interest in leaving cookies and milk out for Santa (sigh), the elves are still hanging where they were two weeks ago, the little glimpses of Christmas magic were so hard to find this year.
Churning the house around in my head it just wouldn't go away, it really really unsettled me that someone was going to get our house and I started wondering if this was a good idea coming through at all. I tried to put it out of my head and returned home to carry on as normal, Brent was now home from work and we were just talking about random things and of course I mentioned we had been to see the house, told him it was really run down but had great potential. Totally to my surprise he commented that it would be a great house to sink your teeth into......that was all it took and it rolled forward at lightening speed from there!
You can continue, conga-line fashion (heehe) sewing up one side, cutting baggie to desired length and then sewing other side until you run out of "strip" to cut/sew. I got 4 6 inch baggies plus one smaller one out of one strip of fabric and one yard of velcro.
By reacting to the questioning in such a manner, Najib has increased speculation that he does have something to hide. This time, the Malaysian public can see through all his evasive tactics.
Day 47
Authors beware.
Penn State cover-up
Anything other than this is unacceptable, and I would therefore implore Ghanaians far and wide--through my twitter/Facebook/and Google Plus status--that they better abandon SKYY PLUS if they don't want trouble, or better still, customers better forget about paying the 16GHC a month till SKYY PLUS/SMART TV get their act together!
Sticks and stones.
And finally, my old friend Avis James (her mother is an ornithologist, and gave her a birdy name) sent me photos of a great horned owl who lives in a Home Depot (to non-Americans, that’s a big chain that sells fix-up-your-home stuff) in Las Cruces, New Mexico:
Dad: How is that a thing?
to look at maybe I should
You will find the latest articles there…..
And an outfit is not complete without the matching hair clip! I really think that my favorite part about sewing...I can make hair clips to coordinate perfectly and the whole look will be complete!
Oh. So that’s only me then? Moving on.
In her appeal, the defence counsel held up a plate showing the size of the hole and said that she could not squeeze through with her 110-centimetre (44-inch) bust.
4. Small navel oranges, 10 for $1 at H-E-B (through 2/8/11)
Going outside, however, doesn't mean you have to give up cold draft beer or settle for purchasing a half-keg or keg. Take this item from Krups, better known for its coffee making equipment.
3. If you buy from 1 shop, like another's Facebook page and comment on another's shop, this earns you 1 entry.
The Coward's Tale comes out in the USA today, and I am several thousand miles away, twiddling my thumbs. This is a bit like knowing your offspring is appearing in their first school play, and not going. How many times do you have a book out in the US?
I take a min and close my eyes to take it all in and when I do I felt this warm feeling just come over me. At that very moment I knew in my heart it was my baby girls way of saying: Mommy I am right here with you and that I love you. I smiled with tears running down my face and out loud said I love you Baby Girl...
Oh well I have come to terms with my weirdness. Once a year I get to spend a week running around killing people - how's that for stress relief?
So, I'll start off by saying I really do like being me, but that aside, if I could be someone else, I'd be someone fictional. Now, that's kind of hard considering most of my favorite characters lead very depressing lives. I thought about maybe Hermione or Ginny, since, though bad things do happen to them, they do end up happy and still made a difference in the world. But since comic books have been on my mind (with the new X-men movie released on DVD over the weekend) I'm going to choose Kitty Pryde:
pearlhearts
Then there are my regular activities: running (I'm doing the 10 mile Broad Street run in a week) and singing (I changed teachers this year and really like my new one). Oh, and let's not forget the daily chores: food shopping, cleaning, cooking, laundry, beer drinking, watching bad television. So you can see I've got a lot to do. Unfortuneately, it's nothing to write home about. Or, even a blog post about.
Gateway Pundit includes a graph summarizing the results of Obama’s wreckovery:
Affirmation: “I bless and appreciate everything in my life and release all that doesn’t serve my growth and potential.”
Of course, this is obviously a very short-term mindset. After all, a higher quality product will (in theory) do better and last longer in the market place than a rougher less polished product. But your editor has a lot of other things to think about. It's really rather easy for her to have her assistant edit it, or to not edit it at all. Particularly if it's a novel--often, it has to have passed a certain number of approvals at the time of acquisition, and if she's up to her ears in other projects she might decide that's enough approval and put the book into production as it is. And, let's face it--a book often sinks or swims in exactly NO relation to how great a piece of literature it is. So sometimes it's easiest to prioritize and cut losses. You sympathize, right?
he was 5.5 pounds 10 weeks ago. he weighs 10.5 pounds.
Until it’s gone – Until it’s gone
But I can smell them.
My husband and I recently decided to give composting a try. We have lots of grass clippings, leaves, and such around the house PLUS lots of garbage that a family of five creates. We like to garden and would like to do more of it and have healthier plants and flowers. Sounds pretty win-win to me!
A few weeks ago, I started a series on voice. Part One introduced voice, why it is important and even what might be standing in the way of us developing a unique and powerful writing voice. Part Two offered three tangible ways to improve our writing voice. Today we are going backtrack a little due to some feedback I had in the comments. I can give you guys tips about training writing voice until pigs fly, but those tips will be more helpful if you really understand voice and what it is.
Splayed out good
Be kind to yourself and take all the time you need to gradually make better and healthier choices. Your body is an amazing work of art. It has an intelligence all its own and is constantly struggling and striving to maintain optimal health. Do what you can today to make its job that much easier.
when i see this horizon, there are endless possibilities. as of now, i can think how in the world can i get past this trial. where will i go? where will we go?
I said, “Doctor, we both know I have a busted clavicle and a hematoma. Nothing but a lot of rest will heal it, so I want to go home.” Hospitals make money off of testing you for things unrelated to your actual problem. It’s also called “defensive medicine” in the event you have the bad manners to die from something else while in their care.
You’re Keats,You’re Shelly!
“I should say, the roses made for a simple recapitulation,
She said the information was in the memorandum and “therefore it is KAF’s liability in the event of any misstatement therein.’’
As an added bonus, I have been able to eliminate 99% of my desktop icons due to tools like this. Now I only keep bare essentials and the recycle bin on the desktop, giving me a nice clean, stress-reducing look:
CHOKEPOINT 3: Unity, Diversity and Affinity.
For this recipe I tried their white jasmine rice. Just opening the package I got a hug whif of that heady flowery scent. Oh, I love jasmine rice SO much! I was definitely excited to use this! I found that It cooked up nice and fluffy, and the aroma just got better as it cooked! The bottom line? Fabulous texture, flavor, and quality! I am totally going to have buy some more of this! I can't wait to try out the other samples! Here's the recipe I made to put over the rice.
“Tell me, Brulee,” Lakosha said, interrupting the silence, “what does it mean to be a Paladin?”
Pretty cool, huh?
Perhaps this accounts for the extreme unevenness of the art on display. Works of bracing surreal creepiness—much of his taxidermy, for instance (are there other modern artists who have worked so extensively with taxidermy? I ask as an art novice, mostly)—and even occasional beauty alternate between other, thinner visual conceits that smack of an artist having a private joke of our expense. But perhaps some of the latter works resonated more within their original surroundings?
They are risk takers. If they weren't, they wouldn't get otter pictures.
*General David McCloud
Even the poorest thing shines.
“Biology is the least of what makes someone a mother.”
It is starting to feel like Fall here in the Tx. Hills - also known as the land with no seasons.
Last week, I picked up Revlon’s Colorburst Lip Butter in Gumdrop in a mini-haul. It seemed like there was a lot of raving about this product. The idea of a moisturizing lipstick really appealed to me, especially since I have dry lips and skin regardless of the season. There were many beautiful shades that I wanted to try, but I figured I should just start with one, just in case I didn’t like it. Since I don’t wear lipstick regularly, I wanted a light shade that wouldn’t be overly dramatic but would still give me some colour.
By offering a wide-range of services, David F. Wood and his staff supports clients through many life-stages, forging a personal commitment to their short and long-term interests and goals. David F. Wood and his staff never forgets the personal story behind every case file, and use their legal experience and personal support to secure your better future.
What a week! If you followed the announcements on our facebook page, then you know I had a terrible time narrowing down the huge list of awesome designers, and I decided to send out 7 invitations instead of 5.
To gain recognition?
Naturally, one of Mr Fargione's amarena and pineapple ice creams was in order, served with a sublime dark chocolate wafer:
This economical package includes everything you need to start polishing granite or concrete. The Kawaii wet stone polisher has 7 amps 800 W power, with GFCI for safety protection, a water splash guard and variable speed from 1,000 to 4,500 RPM. It also comes with a 10 feet water hose ready to connect to garden hose faucet.
I would have gone to the gym and done the elliptical, but *excuse* I didn’t have time. I.e. I didn’t make time. But tomorrow I will.
Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: Perhaps you in Morocco have that…
I think the reason she doesn’t smile is because smiling causes wrinkles. If you notice, she has no wrinkles and wants her skin to stay this way!
SEVEN THINGS about me....
I’d be interested in anyone’s thoughts on this. Have I missed something obvious?
With each sketch there will also be a 'challenge' posted. You MAY complete two layouts for each sketch this time! Your choice, one with the sketch, and then one with the challenge! BUT if you use BOTH of them for each time you MUST TURN,FLIP, or MIRROR the sketch! For example, if you use the sketch and the challenge on one layout then want to complete it again, you MUST TURN, FLIP or MIRROR it for a second one, even if you are just doing the sketch on the second one. If you are solely doing the 'challenge' part then you don't have to, you will just need to complete the challenge!
This a novel I think that Fitzgerald himself would be proud of. It definitely seems like it belongs in his era and sets the scene of the New York of the 1920′s. It is well-written and transported me back to the time period like all good historical fiction novels should. There are some scenes that might offend some and one offended me at first. I list them below. All in all though, I found it very entertaining and a good read. I am anxious to read the next one in the series.
It was our second sewing weekend for the women in my family. My daughter and two daughters-in-law are starting to get the hang of sewing simple things like skirts and elastic pajama pants. The young maidens are part of the fun, too. Here is a picture of nine-year-old Nani helping me make some pajamas for her cousin.
This was the day of real R&B.
Africa Day is the annual commemoration on May 25 of the 1963 founding of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU). On this day, leaders of 30 of the 32 independent African states signed a founding charter in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Although the main objective of the OAU was to develop Africa after colonialism, very few people alive today are aware of its sinister secondary objective, which was to liberate Southern Africa from white rule.
Pin through all layers to keep your sandwich (the layers of baking, batting and quilt top) together. I like to do a pin in each square. If you were going to hand quilt then you would baste your quilt sandwich together using big long stitches all over your quilt.
small plug-in electric
2010 news links
Prize-winners:
adept with fire;
Thank you so much Cassie for letting me come over and hang out! This was SUCH a fun post to put together ;)
Once the presents were wrapped, they would bundle up in warm clothes and go out into the woods just behind their house to find a perfect tree for that corner.
Accessory kitchen appliances
Ag2r (French team)
Yet, voice would attempt to return so long,
That’s it. I’ve got a Snuggie to return.
Introduction. While I am not an archaeologist, I have developed a local reputation for knowing a bit about archaeology, likely as not as result of leading five tours to Israel which focus on the history and archaeology of Ancient Israel. I am highly interested in the topic of “biblical archaeology,” or better, the archaeological record of Israel. Most people have no idea what an archaeologist does, probably because the only archaeologist most people know is Indiana Jones. Since he is a creation of Hollywood, he may not be the best model for what an archaeologist does.
Add the great food and wonderful friends....and it really was memorable.
But it was not until the diagnosis that I realised I very much wanted a future in painting. It was not until that possible future looked as though it might be closed that I started understanding how much I wanted it. I don't know how long it will take. I don't have any idea at this stage whether I will be able to succeed as an artist, even if I do have the time. But the idea that I could have the chance to try taken away filled me with grief. Much more than I had expected.
Sure Thing: Meryl Streep (Lead Actress); Best Bet: (Makeup)
And let go
Cute baskets of pastry leaves contained a home-made pistachio mincemeat (oh, yes, you heard me - and boy howdy it was as good as it sounds) topped with a bitter chocolate and pistachio granache, finished with those exquisite little pastry holly leaves and berries.
So even though everything in me is screaming to ‘prepare’ myself for school I am going to work on preparing myself in a different way. I am going to continue working in therapy so that I can be prepared to walk into my first class (with Ben at my side) fully present physically and emotionally.
Another and another song rose up and died down before he allowed me to rest. Smiling from ear to ear, I strode over to the full container of mead where a young girl wearing a mask of red rowan berries, willow leaves, and apple blossoms cheerfully ladled out the thick sweet refreshment.
FILM-OBJECTS
We spoke a little more about my blog and how it started, and of course I couldn’t leave without getting an autograph.
The T-shirt, featured at the top of my blog, comes in adult sizes S-2XL and is inspired by the work of Haitian artisans who salvage steel oil drums and transform them into awe-inspiring works of art - most often as metal wall sculptures. Artists use hammers and chisels to create their designs, breathing new life into old material.
I envied the way Whitney Houston could send a pitch perfect note through the stratosphere. I admired the way she could tell a story with a song. Whitney Houston understood the value of subtext (the real meaning of the words). She was a master at interpreting those words for us and communicating that subtext to her audience via her body language.
Philip Katz, an attorney for the management at 40 Exchange Place, said he was surprised to hear members of Occupy Wall Street were living in the space. The eviction was motivated not just by the nonpayment of rent but by complaints from other tenants of raucous parties and unsavory behavior, he said.
Dylan is interested in Katie – very interested – but a traumatic childhood involving his parents marrying multiple times, bucketloads of brothers, sisters, half brothers, half sister, stepbrothers and stepsisters has scarred him. He’s not looking for commitment and he’s never dated a woman with children before. Remembering how he felt when partners came and went from his life as a child, he’s cautious about impacting on the lives of children. He tells Katie that he’s not a good bet and that he’s only out for something casual.
Have a creative idea for a Table Talk? Share your ideas in the comments below and help others just like you.
Using primers specific for the plastid trnL gene (plants) and the mitochondrial 16S ribosomal RNA (animals), DNA of sufficient quality was obtained from 15 of the 28 (54%) TCM samples. The resultant 49,000 amplicons (amplified sequences) were analyzed by high-throughput sequencing and compared to reference databases.
I had to laugh. I mean, I can't honestly say that I wasn't a little bit afraid. It would be silly not to be when there are 30,000 or so bees that could sting if they really wanted to. But they didn't. Bees usually only sting when they have a hive to protect or when they get squished. I actually felt pretty dang calm. I must be getting used to this beekeeping thing a little bit.
Ideological change of the meaning of words passes for common usage as people innocently adopt them: bigot and tolerance are prominent examples. Bigot means one who refuses to listen to the opinions of others but is misused as a connotative word that only applies to “right-wingers”. A classic example of this Doublespeak was during the general election campaign when Gordon Brown described a woman who asked him about imported labour as a bigot; but he was the one being bigoted because he refused to listen to her opinions! Tolerance meant to tolerate an action or to put up with something one did not like, but is now misused to make indigenous British people passive and accept being replaced by immigrants.
To sooth the cares, and lift the thoughts of man.You can watch this scene from “The Case of the Dodging Domino” (1962) at YouTube.
What is also interesting is that Government allows for economic slavery to take place. How is this possible?
Moving on from that, I made a wonderful soup based on a classic Italian recipe, but I altered it slightly for the Paleo touch. I used almonds instead of breadcrumbs and Parmesan, and I actually liked their nutty flavor in the meatballs. One of my favorite parts of this recipe is the drizzle of egg into the end of the soup-straciatella. It's just like little yellow ribbons running through the soup and they not only look nice but they add more protein to each serving. I also added more vegetables than the original recipe has.
The results to performance, organisational culture and overall motivation are monumental when applying a holistic approach to training and development.
in words
Place in a large stockpot and fill with water until it just covers the potatoes.
I have learned by experience to not brag. Although my children and my husband are my pride and joy, I rarely talk about them, unless someone asks specifics or my telling certain details lends itself to a conversation.
A storm rolled through. We sat at the table and let rain pelt us in the face through the open balcony doors. It was wonderful. Then the storm passed and we watched the Eiffel Tower light up and sparkle, as it does every hour on the hour. No matter how badly Paris has abused me during the day, I forgive her when I see the Eiffel Tower sparkle.
How do you know what will show in someone’s feed?
Pinterest...no duh....also has some EXTREMELY creative taggy blankies, all different shapes and sizes. But for me I am lucky if I get to sit down at my sewing machine for longer than half hour so I choose to go with a cute fabric and simple design.
Why is everyone so afraid to share their opinion?
The response & ease of use for the new Topps Legacy Card Project on Tumblr has been great. As a result, I have decided to start the process of moving the existing Dick Allen baseball career photo galleries to the Tumblr platform.
There were some positives at the event:
Switzerland has as many as four official languages with Romansh having the same marginal role as German in Belgium. Meanwhile, in Switzerland the German-speaking region, Deutschschweiz (mind the consonants if you are drinking!), is by far the biggest.
4-5 tablespoons peanut oil
What are your thoughts on leggings? Think we should you keep your bum covered?
It's been nearly seven months since we were matched with Cora. Under normal circumstances our paperwork would already be logged in to China's database, and we would be at least a couple weeks into the wait for our Letter of Acceptance. But our circumstances haven't been normal. We were matched with Cora three months before Andrew returned home from the Middle East, but thankfully our agency was willing...and able...to delay our "match" by a couple months in China's eyes. Which means that *officially* we have only been matched with Cora for not quite five months, and we're right on track in the paperwork process. But I had lofty goals. Ambitious hopes and dreams. We were going to expedite the paperchase in everyway possible and have our paperwork on its way to China by the end of this year...in short, we were going to move so fast once Andrew got home that we made up for the time we "lost" during the deployment. But then our home study took longer to finalize than we were expecting, and our paperwork hit USCIS just in time for the holiday slowdown.
Our "Gift Totes" sold so well I am making some for Memorial Day etc...red, white and blue... Perfect hostess gift with a "Country Home Creations Dip" inside when you are invited to a picnic! Come check them out !!
The student was Niels Bohr, the only person from Denmark to win the Nobel prize for Physics
"I'm going to go cut some logs."
But before I go and drain my balls, I have a quick question for you, Dear Reader:
Insofar as eBay used keywords corresponding to L'Oréal trade marks to promote its own services as an online marketplace, that use was not made in relation to goods or services identical or similar to those for which the trade mark is registered. However, use by eBay of keywords corresponding to L'Oréal trade marks to promote its users' postings is use in relation to identical goods or services. That use is not just by the eBay users, it is also by eBay itself in order to promote goods which its customer is marketing with the assistance of that service, where the use is such that a link is established between the sign and the service.
C: I didn’t really like any of the other options…
3. Loosening Up Afterwards
This really is just rambling.....and I hear Rudy so gotta run.
A Conversation With Roger Beachy, President Emeritus of the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center. Biotech’s papa. BY JEANNETTE COOPERMAN, March 2012. Click here to read a great article.
This was then followed by Miss You, this time with trippy light effects. I must say, the lighting is possibly what made this performance so exhilarating, aside from the fact that five people played different instruments, with two guys on drums at once, one of whom subtly switched to keys when required; a kick-bottom guitarist who can simultaneously play keys. Plus, what I love about the song is the “oh my gosh, this is beautiful” style chorus that had everyone singing in unison for the brief period that the lights went out before everyone returned to rave mode.
me: Asshole.
When the economy was booming, the country could afford to give at least a limited income to holders of anthropology or recreational studies degrees, but it seems that's no longer the case. Even so, I suspect that plenty of those in STEM fields are having a rough time of it too. All those post-docs living on 30 grand a year after ten years of higher education, now aged 30s or even 40s: one imagines plenty of them will give up after awhile, seeing as how younger PhDs are always coming up through the pipeline, along with the seemingly bottomless supply of PhDs from China who are willing to work for a pittance.
Traditional Chinese physicians did not learn about the structures of the human body from dissection because they thought that cutting open a body insulted the person’s ancestors. Instead they built up an understanding of the location and functions of the major organs over centuries of observation, and then correlated them with the principles of yin, yang, qi, and the Five Elements.
I don't think so.
As you will see in the post, which follows here, all Joan is reduced to, is a steady stream of insults, under the guise of some imaginary friend, a man, nice fellow. Okay, we use insults too, but we also show the dirty deeds that Joan did to us and continues to do while she lies about ourselves and our family…no where do you SEE any dirty deed that we sisters DID TO JOAN presented by Joan. What you always hear about, even in that libelous book, ARE JOAN’S IMPRESSIONS! No documents to prove her points, no witnesses, no nothing. She doesn’t even have the birth family to come to her defense, because they ALL want nothing to do with her.
Today's entry is a completely different topic. I recently placed an order on yesasia.com, the sister site of yesstyle, they basically sell entertainment from Asia. They have a ton of music, movies, dramas, and collectibles, even some jewelry. So I will tell you that I first discovered K-pop in 2009 a little before BoA debuted here in the states, but this year I have really been into K-pop.
His portrayal of the tragic character saw him win the Critics' Circle Award for Best Shakespearean Performance.
and Amnon said unto her
Darraj, Susan Muaddi. “It’s Not an Oxymoron: The Search for an Arab Feminism” Colonize This! Young Women of Color on Today’s Feminism. Eds. Daisy Hernández and Bushra Rehman. Emeryville, CA: Seal Press, 2002. 295-311. Print.
Another feeling. Bear with me. I know you’re bored out of your mind, but if you’ve come this far, you at least have some empathy. I feel worthless. Everyone is saying any man would be lucky to have me, but then why didn’t he? Why didn’t he cherish what he had? Why didn’t he appreciate it? And if someone who has “been in love with you for 20 years” can throw it all away, use you up, spit you out, how can ANY man be lucky to have me? Nobody will know me like that again. Nobody will ever grow with me the way he has. I’m past my prime. My chance for a forever love has passed me by. Whatever, if any, man comes into my life, he is going to have half a person, and that’s not fair of me to put someone through that. If a man finds interest in me, he is going to run the second he finds out I can never give any more of myself than what’s on the surface, and if he doesn’t run, he will be hurt by me eventually.
She had her first accident this morning, right after breakfast. Billy and I were distracted by the other two and she peed while playing at the train table. It scared her so much that she went running to Billy and slipped in the mess. Poor thing. She spent the next hour crying, sitting on the potty without producing, crying more, another accident, more crying. Then she finally had a successful trip to the potty and she was so happy. I know because she actually said, "my so happy!". She didn't have another accident until lunch. Food can be distracting that way. She wore a diaper for nap (which I need to elaborate on but I'll wait until tomorrow for that), and did many a trip throughout the afternoon. She was accident-free for the rest of the day! Not too shabby!
And – which is more – you’ll be a Man, my son!
I finally got some sewing lessons from my friend Kara last weekend. I made the little pillow all by myself this week with some fabric remnants and the loan of my neighbor's sewing machine,
The Home Aids come in an hour to teach me a few tricks in caring for her needs... and I still need to go over all of her meds with the Hospice Nurse.
42. Directions to the Leaning Tower of Pisa (in Italian)
And so, I guess, faith in God's providence and an acceptance of God's presence - even in the most difficult times - will have to serve me for today. And while it won't make me stop asking questions that can't be answered, I'm ok with it.
Dear Reverend Mathews,
A WALK IN THE CLOUDS (Emmanuel Lubezki)
She dropped out of university only after a year and ended up getting a dead end job. But it didn’t matter because she met a guy with an awesome job. The two became an item and eventually moved in together. She never felt like the love was there but it was convenient. He was a nice guy and he treated her well. I suppose that’s all that should matter in this day and age. There doesn’t seem to be enough time for love.
The first is Saranac White IPA, and it looks like a witbier...only it somehow looks bigger, more solid. I get that effect from the hulkingly lovable Unibroue Don de Dieu, too, so maybe there's something to it. There are also some definite floaters in here, though the beer's quite fresh. The nose? Well, Cathy says "IPA! I get floral hops." But I get orange over top first, and then drill down to the hops. Better taste. That's an interesting blend of hops bitterness, juicy refreshing wheat zing, and the pinch of coriander at the back, and it's all working pretty well for me...until the finish, where the coriander and the hops conspire to really clamp down, though the more I drink of it, the more I grow accustomed to that crush. Over all, quite refreshing, and calling for grilled chicken in a spicy marinade.
5: 8:09
Unprepared, I am left speechless. Unsure of what is unfolding in front of me, I am confused. Shocked. Did I do this?
Whether you use a system like this or have your own method, it is worthwhile keeping on top of your job applications, it helps you know where you stand, and notice patterns between how long it takes for firm to offer an interview/reject – you can learn a lot.
15:15
Abigail may not know the difference between a bass and a trout but she’s a fast learner and determined to get a win over Ross. The guy she’s been trying to figure out ever since their tragic end years ago.
The tape I used had gradually (very slowly) increasing speed. I dealt with this by changing the speed on side 2 per track - and during The Width of A Circle in stages. I did this by locating points where a small change would be undetectable to all but the most trained ear : there were already minor speed fluctuations during the recording and during this song, so if anything the method did not seem inappropriate. I should also point out that I used my own methods - mixing in Audacity, and using the speed change facility within. I am aware there are more sophisticated methods than the ones I employ. At some point I do want to work with an engineer I know on this, but it's finding the time to do so. For now, considering this is an old recording from 1973...well is it perfect, no. Does it sound very good for a recording of this vintage - certainly, yes! In my opinion and hopefully yours too.
Here is a play I wrote...anybody is free to produce this:::pass it on! This play’s cast can be adjusted to be larger or smaller depending on how many people are performing.
“As such, the decision to retain the novel with amendments is the best solution. We will ensure that any amendments made will not affect the storyline of the novel and the noble message that the author wants to convey.” Palanivel, meanwhile, said he wanted independent panellists to have a careful look at what was being edited so that no further dispute would arise.
Eamon gave me the details on the school cheating matter that is current in the news. Talmadge, Freedman and a couple of other schools are involved. A female teacher at Freedman told our favorite school committee person Antonette that she was afraid of losing her job but she saw the cheating with her own eyes and the Principal said, "Do whatever you can to pass these students." She replied that she couldn't go along with cheating. The Principal said, "Do whatever you have to." So scores have dramatically improved in a single year. And Superintendent Burke told Pepe he's not going to look into the matter until he has "written affidavits."
Also, anoyone have recommendations for me of camping with young children in a dirty, dusty camp site? We've done this 2 times before at this site and I'm hoping to make it all more enjoyable for me this time;)
Mr. Manic asks me today if I know where his long underwear is. Of course I do. I wore them last week. They're in the dirty laundry. I tell him they are in the dirty laundry. He retrieves them from the dirty laundry. He puts them on after getting them out of the dirty laundry. And goes outside to shovel, wearing his dirty long underwear.
The only sense to make of tragedies like this is that terrible things can happen to perfectly innocent people. This understanding inspires compassion.
The worst months of my life.
Let’s talk a bit about you Chanel. What made you want to get into the industry in the first place?
This is at Westerplatte, where WWII started. It was kind of disappointing, as part of the harbor is under construction so I had to stand on a bench to try and see over the fence to the water. It was beautiful though, and probably much more interesting of a destination when there aren’t tractors around.
Grab this...some great ish' on here...
The Duff Gordons’ separate, dramatic accounts reveal that Lucy and her secretary Laura Francatelli (known as Franks), far from elbowing others aside, turned down places in two departing lifeboats for women and children because they refused to be separated from Sir Cosmo. Lady Duff Gordon threw her arms around her husband’s neck and stood her ground, a determination that he acknowledges gave him “the opportunity of being saved”.
I'd rather be the One
Andrew James is socially connectable. To download his soulful sounds and stay up to date with the latest happenings on his musical journey make a break for his webpage, and twitface pages.
'Boss' Tweed liked him because he was confident, likable, distracting. He often quoted Shakespeare and cracked jokes. The complicated layers of graft, bribery and outright theft that were installed in city government needed an attractive front. In one of the most manipulated elections in New York history, Tweed and Tammany Hall succeeded that fall of 1868 in getting their man Hoffman into the governors seat, with Elegant Hall becoming his elegant replacement at City Hall. (Hall would be re-elected three times in heavily tampered elections.)
kj
PO Box 7701
This bar in York is a bit of a badly kept secret, entering through an off licence shop on Stonegate you have to climb a set of precarious stairs to reach the tiny bar in the attic space above.
Ribbon: Stampin' Up! Raven
I said, “no, no…wait, I have to go back.” We drove back up the hill and I asked the worker to move the truck. I took this photo and others like it, their grave sites free and unencumbered.
I finally have a fantastic man in my life. He knows how I feel about marriage.
Most of the crowd seemed to support DDDB’s uncompromising position against the project as it stands. James, the project’s leading political opponent, opened on a roll: “Those not paid to be here, make some noise,” soon following up with, “If you want to develop and not destroy this community, make some noise.” The noise was loud.
Physician culture has always been about the patient. Our culture has always emphasized care, compassion, selflessness and helping people in need. Of course there are exceptions to the rule: some docs are selfish assholes and could give a toss if you live or die. However, that doesn’t change the general culture. People generally go into medicine because they want to do something good for humanity.
Your eyes are making them move. To test this, stare at one spot in each picture for a few seconds and everything will stop moving; OR look at the black center of each circle in the first picture, and it will stop moving; but when you move your eyes to the next black center, the previous one will move after you take your eyes away from it.
LAREDO
Ms Lappin recently announced that she was able to secure more than $86,000 for Roosevelt Island based organizations from this year's New York City Budget. However, when you compare $86,000 for local Roosevelt Island organizations to the $2 million in each of the next two years she helped secure for FERI's Kahn/FDR boondoggle, a much more clear picture of Ms. Lappin's Roosevelt Island priorities emerge and they are certainly not favorable to the residents of Roosevelt Island. Does she not realize that such funds would be of much better use helping Roosevelt Island's children at the Youth Center, Public Library or at PS/IS 217. Maybe her priorities would be better spent assisting the Senior Citizen Center or helping to insure that affordable housing remains available at Roosevelt Island instead of ruining Southpoint Park with the Louis Kahn/FDR memorial. Even if you believe the memorial is a good idea, it certainly should not be receiving public taxpayer funds during the current City and State budget crisis.
Manager: Don’t say legit.
2010.08.04 Thailand Pattani 1 0 A Buddhist is gunned down in an Islamist drive-by.
I really do save by purchasing the Value Packs and it's a Super Savings when
Stir jam until smooth. Drop by small spoonfuls over surface of filling. Using a knife, swirl jam gently through filling to create marble effect.
Volcanic Ash Exfoliator: I don't use exfoliants as much as I should -- I simply just don't remember. Don't even get me started with masques. As much as I would LIKE to use these extra products on top of my regular/daily skin care regime, I simply don't have the time. With that said, when I DO remember to use an exfoliator, I reach for either the MAC Microfine Refinisher or the Volcanic Ash one. I think I'm going through this faster than I should though... lol.. I'm already half done and it's a LE item =S I really like the sugar granules and the way it dissolves as I work it in, although I do feel it dissolves a little TOO quickly. Leaves my skin super duper smooth afterwards (definitely a noticeable difference from the microfine refinisher).
Certainly there are deals to be done with dealers offering heavy discounts and low rate finance. If you ask for even more discount and better finance rates you may well get them. Just be sure you also get a good price for your part-exchange and discount on add-ons. Don’t be swayed by one of these for deals, you need the best on all four.
paint brush
BLACK signals a new direction for Ezard, delivering an Australian grill menu that focuses on beef and seafood. The venue is cool and slick, a mix of elegant booth seating and leather upholstered seats, fronted by floor-to-ceiling glass windows that look onto Pyrmont Bay.
Landlord: "Yep."
Both of the girls Teachers sent home notes Expressing their Thanks and how Spoiled they felt with their little surprises this week. My girls came home really happy and they both said that I was the "Best Mom Ever" lol!!
and :
but most of those characters were 8-10, their stories almost always revolve around school dynamics, and the majority of those books were just too long. I seriously considered Ramona, but I can't read it aloud in under an hour. And before anyone asks, I abhor Junie. The lack of discipline and grammar irritates me to no end. Most of my storytime two year olds have better language skills and manners.
Of course if the PUBLIC paid for those Oscars (which they did indirectly but have no rights to vote on in who wins acts or whatever, methinks a boycott of all film and media until they can vote on which star wins should be suitable? Even which stars to cast ONLINE, via class distinction based criteria and of course that all powerful 66.6% quorum as always. We will not be part of the group which blindly pays for film and has no rights to vote on who wins. A panel of judges could well be bribed or even manipulated by government for any agenda, so who can claim that those awards are really neutral or just more propaganda?
Gold: Stoudts Heifer In Wheat, Stoudt Brewing Co., Adamstown, PA
I just laughed. I was so glad that she was doing ok. Now she tells me she wished she lost the other front tooth also so she could have an even goofier smile. Gotta love kids.
Filling: Mix your filling together and let it sit for a bit while you prepare the crust. The sugars will draw some of the juices out of the apples and allow the cornstarch to work it's magic. It's going to look like you have too much filling but you really want to pile it up high because the apples are going to shrink when you bake your pie and you don't want to have a hollow crust. I always like to use a deep dish pie plate for apple pie. Also make sure you put a cookie sheet under your pie pan when you put it in the oven. There will almost always be a spot where the filling leaks out and bubbles over, it's much easier to clean up a cookie sheet than a sugary burned apple syrup off the bottom of your oven.
The night is when even the silence is deafeningly loud.
We have several exciting things planned this year and really want everyone to join us for our silver anniversary. I am available all day for any questions, issues, or concerns.
The first few months we lived here we attended Music on Main faithfully. Then the next summer, there was simply too many other things to get done. I have now decided that I am going to try new activities here in Hendersonville for inspiration for writing on this blog. I figure it will be good for the blog but even better for me!
While I had fun designing I think Lauren really had fun receiving her plush. The regular sized plush was the perfect size for her to grow with and the plush was nice and soft. The toy is made of polyester plush fleece fabric, plus polyester fiber stuffing. It is soft, and full. I love that everything is embroidered on, so I have no parts to worry about her choking on. The stitching seems very strong and sturdy. I think she should be able to tug this around with her for a long long time. They recommend spot cleaning, but it is possible to machine wash. I have not had to clean our plush yet. They do say that machine washing, especially repeatedly, the plush could lose some of its shape. My suggestion would be try the spot cleaning or put it on the gentle cycle.
Democratically elected councils at the national or local level shall be institutions through which citizens exercise their role in sovereignty, state-building and leading society.
So much fun had, water skiing, tubing, snorkeling, socialising and relaxing.
And I’m gone for at least a year. It’s a lot to process, so I’m just going to watch “Sex and the City” (season five; almost done!) today. I fly out at 1.08 tomorrow. Wow.
Suddenly some noise came from the front of the line as the doors to the Publick House opened.
Transfer into plate and let it cool completely.
Thursday saw two of the four defendants in the Amanda Taylor case back in court. Laurel Pruett (pictured right), along with Matthew Fox and Ashley Greenhill are accused of helping admitted killer Ronald Weems dispose of Taylor's body--in legal terms, abuse of a corpse and hindering prosecution.
When I was back in London, somewhere between operations 2 and 3, I happened to overhear a conversation at a party in which Grenada was mentioned. I spoke to the woman afterwards and she told me her story, which bore a remarkable resemblance to that of mine and H.
Three chapters of the book are devoted to Red State. Don’t let the synopsis fool you — Michael Parks was robbed of an Oscar for that performance. Red State proved a stylistic departure from the Kevin Smith films most people are accustomed to, yet it also served as a return to his roots in terms of getting things done in full blown indie style. It was fantastic getting to read everything from the film’s conception all the way through to its controversial marketing plan.
Oh, you want to join me to England?
Well dammit, now the husband is sick, too.
2 cups cooked wild rice
I am not the writer in my family. My aunt, who writes young adult fantasy novels, is the writer of my family. I do not exist in my family except as a little girl. I must contain the clawing animal. I must contain the seethe and the seize in order for me to exist with my family. I do not need to be the writer of my family. I do not need to exist through a superego. But I need to exist. I need to have the space and time to exist. Oh I will not have the space and time to exist. And all of it needs to be rewritten.
Before we know it 2012 will be here and with it the fulfilment of Maya prophecies: it is an exciting time to be alive — with more revelations in store.
Whoops. This is what my refrigerator looks like:
palpable that remains
for Stan & his wife during this time.
4-5 pm Read Ann Rinaldi's Leigh Ann's Civil War
-Davinia Hilton
In direct contrast to the news black out which the entire US national news media applied to the racially motivated gang rape and murder of Christopher Newsom and Channon Christian in Knoxville some nine months later the press descended upon Durham like an army equipped with camera trucks, satellite phones and large expense accounts. TV anchors and on the ground reporters grasped the story with relish, but there was only one scenario they wished to present and that involved white male privilege, black female victimhood and white racial and sexual violence. They had already effectively declared the outcome, and you can not believe how much the media, and their cheering supporters in chat rooms, message boards, and college staff rooms across America wanted that woman to have been raped by those men.
sitting on the front porch of that home
Not a normal headache, a piercing, feeling like I have taken a new med and it’s screwing with my noggin, slightly dizzy/high headache. Bo says ‘Nik, it’s the lack of sugar’. I says ‘This bites monkey balls’.
What a great night in Genoa.
Whenever you give out a project, inform individuals when you want the job done. End up being particular. “Friday from Five PM” is preferable to merely “Friday.”
“This is not about deceiving just a man in the street. It is about deceiving the Conference of Rulers and the Agong. The two cannot remain in their respective chairs a minute longer. Investigations must commence right away,” he urged.
A few weeks ago, I took Bridger out on a few photoshoots with me and let him use the Canon so he could be my assistant. He did get a few fun shots of our people and he got a ton of (I think) SUPER cute ones of himself for me. He never lets me take his picture when I have him dressed all cute and nice, so I guess I'll take whatever cute pics I can of him! hahaha
I try to keep it different every morning so I don't get bored of having
it was a decent turn-out. there was a nice range of people, from scruffy youths with purple hair who, i think, will pretty much protest anything, to disgruntled grandmothers to families with kids (you know the kind of families with kids i mean, right? the kinds whose kids wear delightfully daring colour combinations and hand-knit hemp hats and snack on home made granola bars (i loves me a good left-wing family, they're so aesthetically pleasing!)). there were silly signs, pompous placards and the odd witticism (toddler in a stroller had this sign taped to the front "i spit up on corporate greed," while his little sister held up one that said "even i know how to share"). ah, that feeling of togetherness, belonging, standing up for something, or against something, or something. you know, it was good.
The idea of a 'killer Santa' verges on sheer ridiculousness, Christmas Evil, however remains somewhat serious, except for a few campy lines of dialogue, the bulk of the picture is quite a chilling tale of psychopathy and helplessness.
Oh and I've not looked around in blogland to see if someone has tried this already, so I don't know the success rate of how well the paint holds up. I will give it a couple of weeks for my three children to abuse them and let you all know. Until then...have yourself a wonderful week!
The air in the room had a coldness to it, a coldness that ought not be present. Such is the air of being without light. Of darkness. Of self-imposed blindness.
Luke Doucet & Melissa McClelland @ The Basement
McDowell and Morrow state that the central thesis claimed by the New Atheists is that “Christianity isn’t just false; it’s dangerous (p. 14). It is this claim that the authors seek to respond to through the eighteen chosen topics. However, the authors are not alone. The body of each chapter is written by the authors. At the end of each chapter an expert is brought in from the relevant field of study to wrap things up. If that were not enough to make the book well rounded, at the end of each chapter there is a short list of related books the reader can use in order to go deeper into the subject matter of each particular chapter. As stated before, there is a large body of good books out there and McDowell and Morrow have done a great service to the reader on directing them to the best ones to go to next.
city of around a million people, is the jewel of the nation of Abassen, a nation that feels like a mix of ancient Egypt, Persia and Babylon with heat, deserts and a life-sustaining river built on the ruins of an ancient civilization. The journey of Adoulla and his allies is largely undertaken within the city of Dhamsawaat and Dhamsawaat is wonderfully realized – it’s huge with a walk to a different section of the city taking several hours, ‘traffic’ jams of people make it impossible to leave the city quickly, and lives of the rich and the poor are shown. The result is a presentation of Dhamsawaat with a refreshingly ‘realistic’
That might sound like the most facile thing a beer writer has ever written. But I believe there is truth and beauty in its simplicity.
3/4 cup whole milk
The Flower Garden Gate will be available soon:
So it has definitely been awhile since I posted. Not sure if it is a good thing or a bad thing but I’m baaaack! Going to try to post more often now.
Senussi’s foreign murder record pales in comparison to his energetic campaigns to annihilate Libyans who opposed his brother-in-law. He even once bragged about his masterful handling of the massacre of 1,700 political prisoners at Libya’s Abu Salim prison in 1996.
It's a gorgeous, balmy evening. Let's take a stroll out to the gazebo, shall we? Maybe I can find Mr. Sanders and Ms. Monroe out here amount the shrubberies. Wait, isn't this her shoe? No, it's Mrs. Manion's panties. Near the tennis court, I see an amazon of a woman emerging from the darkness. Oh my gosh, George, is that you? Sanders strolls up, hides the blonde wig behind his back and quickly attempts to remove the bright red lipstick with his breast pocket hankie. Oh well, I'm certainly not disappointed, since my dance card was filled with all my charming bloggy friends, as well as the dreamy Mr. Simic. After dancing until the wee hours this morning, it's time now for my beauty sleep. Sigh. It's been a magical evening. Please do stop in around noon tomorrow for brunch, daalings, and we'll catch up on all the delicious ball scuttlebutt.
I loved this old wine box! I have a feeling I am going to keep thinking about it and wishing I would have bought it. I think it was $25.00. It was a really nice size.
With all the moving, I am surprised that the zoo has not packed up and left me for good.
“Same thing I’m doin’ down ‘ere to his business.”
in the Medical, Law Enforcement and Military have
HE WAS TOUGH BUT FAIR.
DD gave me this empty box at Christmas - 'to keep things in'.
This scheme might put some jingle in the jeans of every President, who needs some extra scratch.
Monica Riffe
1/2 out of 5 – Product Placement – This book is the ninth and final entry into an award-winning, extremely successful graphic novel ennealogy. But there is no product placement actually done in the book.
Actually, we're secretly hijacking him and taking him for a full Irish breakfast with my family, including fresh sodabread baked by my tiny Irish grandmother.
Work fifteen hours for the good of the soul
The first time I became aware of leftist Jews was when, in 1956, I looked up from my lead soldiers’ formation on the kitchen floor and saw my Jewish father’s 2nd (and only surviving) cousin enter our assigned apartment in commie Warsaw, pushing a wicker pram.
Networks Casting Service main focus is always seeking to unite the nation’s top talented actors and background extras with the nations top casting directors. The quicker you can submit for a role, or the quicker the casting director can locate your specific talents, look or skills, the better it is for everyone!
He must become greater...I must become less. John 3:30
I promptly e-mailed the company as to how to remedy the situation without having to pay return shipping to the UK. While waiting for their response, I decided to try the suit on.
They then folded the paper in half so that they could only see the answers and not the picture.
Button from stash
One feature besides the groups of half-dressed drunken sluts and their lurching soul-mates most nights is the large number of empty office buildings, failed restaurants and so on. These have spawned some sad attempts at "creativity" by estate agents. I've started collecting them, as the two examples here show.
These lies and deceptions repeatedly committed by the mass media are quite simply no excuse for what is happening to the white race. Ignorance is not an excuse because it is simply not recognised in nature. In fact, if anything, ignorance is a damning indictment on just how dumbed-down and cowed the white race has allowed itself to become.
Amis, M. (2002) Koba the Dread : laughter and the twenty million. N.Y.: Talk Miramax
How often to hold the exchanges?
I suppose I stopped taking care of myself the way I know that I should.
It is finished! It is done!
M. Trow studied history at university, after which he has spent years teaching. He is also an established crime writer and biographer, with a reputation as a scholar who peels away myths to reveal the true history behind them. Originally from Rhondda, South Wales, he now lives on the Isle of White.
In the public bathroom
- Add water till liver is well done.
Chris Petrella (REP) 0.91% 27
We raised three kids and the truth was that everything was in need of being replaced.
"Oh, that is house of the colonel under house arrest for the military crimes, did you not notice the guard box out front." he said. "What kind of punishment is that?" I replied, "Living in a house with that beautiful garden?"
In the 1930′s Arthur Brooke launched ‘Pre-Gest-Tee” to suggest you should drink tea before you digest. Grocers then abbreviated it to PG, and ‘tips’ was put on to show that PG uses the two leaves at the top of the plant and it’s bud to make it’s traditional brew.
School is now in session! I just started my spring semester and I'm digging in with determination. I'm taking a class that I am intimidated by...microbiology. I am also taking pharmacology which I think will be very interesting. I suppose bio will be too, but much more complicated.
Michelle was conveniently away for work on the day of Samantha's two year checkup. I armed myself with animal crackers, goldfish and a water bottler. I even consider having some M&Ms in my pocket if things were going to get bad.
Last week I went to the quilt stores to find something that matched the blue and white that would match what is in the Jefferson Davis's Daughter quilt, by Barbara Brackman, that I am working on. Of course there was nothing like it or in the shades I wanted, so this is what I found. The darker blue will be the sashing, it seems a lot brighter in the photo. The reproduction border fabric is from the abe lincoln collection, that is all I remember.
She says I use that phrase to signify that regardless of the cost, the effort, the time involved in any action, I want to emphasize my humble efforts in making something happen.
The Guardian hailed the results as a ‘boost’ (and a much-needed one; Clegg’s party is polling at a woeful 9% – neck and neck with the UK Independence Party) for the Lib Dem leader. For many Lib Dems, battered from the rise in tuition fees for university students, bruised from losing a previous referendum on changing the voting system in the UK, reform of the House of Lords is one of the few flagship Lib Dem policies remaining intact, if not yet realised.
For Cubs fans, because it involves the rising of Theo Epstein, it’s literally about rebirth.
As a former Tharg, sadly my anecdotes aren't for public consumption! But I made a lot of good friends there. What a great bunch of people.
fluorescent on the edge
But it’s not just about how well done the aliens are; the special affects in general are of a high standard. Whenever an alien manages to kill someone, it’s done in a very gruesome way. I was surprised to find when I left that this film was actually a 15, and that speaks volumes as to how desensitised we are as a society to this sort of thing. When I was growing up, it would have been an 18 without question.
ADRIAN SALBUCHI is a political analyst, author, speaker and radio talk-show host in Argentina. He has published several books on geopolitics and economics in Spanish, and recently published his first eBook in English: The Coming World Government: Tragedy & Hope? which can be ordered through his web site www.asalbuchi.com.ar, or details can be requested by E-mail to arsalbuchi@gmail.com. Salbuchi is 58 years of age, married, with four adult children, and works as strategic consultant for domestic and international companies. He is also founder of the Second Republic Project in Argentina, which is expanding internationally (visit: www.secondrepublicproject.com).
Got this sample last week, and when today's work was done -- singing, plumbing, trip planning, and I had to mow the lawn in the sopping humidity; not hot, just disgusting -- Cathy and I split the bottle. It's a hazy light apricot in color -- heading the other way, maybe a ruddy straw -- with lemony and sweet dough aromas. Flavors headed much the same way, with the hops more grassy and lemony than anything else...green and fresh, really. This makes me think of English-hopped IPAs in that it's not necessarily what most -- not all, but most -- American beer enthusiasts are thinking of when they think "hoppy beer." But still tasty, and a nice seasonal rarity.
Richard Evans
When I read their essay, I got excited. Their process was easier than going through each item one by one because chances are, if I do that, I won't be able to let go of any of my stuff.
But there’s a lesson for us as well. In requiring a Jewish king to first and foremost write a Torah scroll upon taking the throne, we are taught that power is never meant for the sake of our own personal gain, but rather the means by which a just society can operate.
“Good question Mr. Canoga. Something to Live For is her favorite song. The way Billy Strayhorn played it on the piano. I’ve seen her pour herself a glass of wine, put on that Strayhorn record, sink into a soft chair and cry hard.”
the light of the world today, in the same sense as Jesus was the light of the
This eve is my final photography class. So sad that it's nearly finished :-( I've loved every minute. I'll probably take the Photoshop course too, seeing I now have the fancy software and no idea how to use it. I love being able to keep learning new things. I want to be doing that for as long as I live. That's one of the main attractions of journalism for me, actually.
Mose Allison: Eyesight To The Blind
what means a month of Life, ask a mother who is waiting for taking home her premature baby from the hospital
In our fight to save
"Nope." Rachel said.
So join me and Craft It Forward throughout 2011. Just make a card for a child, enter it at Craft it Forward and send it to Send a Smile 4 Kids (with any others you have) to the address on this blog. You could also enter it if you wish in one of our fun challenges at our challenge blog to possibly win even more prizes.
Avon Solutions Maximum Moisture Eye Cream
Oh hey, how are you blog?
A parliamentary committee has called for a full probe into the way bail is granted to suspects in Mahikeng.
I find this particularly refreshing because I grew up in Taiwan and moved to the deserts of Arizona when I was a teenager. I remember landing at the airport in Tucson and feeling the eyes of half of the terminal staring at me and my family. Eventually I got used to being the only person in my school who didn’t speak English (yet), the only Asian kid in my class, and just generally sticking out like a sore thumb. A few years later when I arrived in San Francisco to go to college, standing at the luggage terminal, I felt an odd comfort. For the first time in a long time, absolutely nobody was staring at me.
Last week's Winner is: Cathy
1 nerve
PSALM 34:9
What I didn’t know and what became clear the minute I began to read is that Sarah Moss is a very good writer, bringing to a story that could easily have been mawkish and predictable not only a sure eye for both pathos and humour, but also a very intelligent discussion, in a completely non-didactic vein, of the conflicts that arise for women who are torn between their academic and professional work and the care of their children, one of whom doesn’t sleep at all well at night. Anna, our mostly bone-tired heroine, is a historian and she’s desperately wanting to finish her book. Her husband, Giles, whose family have owned the island of Colsay for centuries, is busy monitoring puffins and their behaviour and to say he doesn’t pull his weight when it comes to childcare is putting it mildly. Still, he’s not a villain, which is another unexpected and clever aspect of the story. Giles and Anna have a newly-renovated cottage to rent out and to it come a high-flying surgeon, his flaky and alcoholic wife and their daughter, Zoe, who has problems of her own.
2) Financial
I have been particularly enjoying witnessing his acquisition of literacy, growing awareness of the world, and other skills that are typically, albeit perhaps superficially, acquired early on in a school setting in this culture. It is impressive how well he has acquired for himself reading, spelling, math, and other such skills without, as my father sweetly pointed out, having it rammed down his throat.
2nd begets 3rd (20,000 becomes 40,000)
Disclaimer : All casts except OC’s belongs to themselves. It’s possibly to got some typos because this fiction has no betaed yet. No copy, stealing, plagiarism or re-post without confirm me.
So fiery that he ran all the way from his 18-yard box to come and attack Pavel “Netoneto” Nedved for injuring Farma Eboue that still earned the Czech legend a red card. Fabregas had to drag him back.
It’s too easy to let morality and common humanity fall by the wayside as you pursue your ambitions. The Templars are heroic because they fight to defend humanity when at times they may feel humanity is no better than the creatures they face. That’s especially true in Dark Goddess when Billi realises the enemy is just as dedicated as her, and they may be right, not her.
BORDER GIVEAWAY: We'd like to celebrate Jing-Jing with a border giveaway! Just leave a comment on this post (make sure you're a follower first) by the end of the weekend and we'll provide one lucky comment author with a set of our Border Stickers!
I can make a lot of excuses - most of them originating from my introverted personality and the fact I grew up on the east coast. I'm just not the gregarious type that gets energized by being with people... People in New Jersey don't talk just for the sake of talking... I don't naturally strike up fun conversations anywhere. Why would I do that on my front lawn?! And, of course, the fact that I am "so" busy and "so" tired weaves itself into the justification, too. And the fact that I'm embarrassed by my yard. And by the house projects we haven't finished.
- "Sixteen Saltines" was the second single, released on March 13, 2012.
Butterfly: It is warm, it is dark, and it is safe but it is very cramped.
I’ll leave you with this;
He was one of the actors considered for the role of the Fourth Doctor.
Something to be said for long term relationships? Yes, indeed.
GEORGE SOROS: As the SMH said “The eurozone has just ploughed on with the same old set of failed policies” with attention switching from Greece to Spain. Commenting on the European Central Bank George Soros said “the fundamental problems have not been resolved, the gap between creditor and debtor countries continues to widen. The crisis has entered what may be a less volatile but more lethal stage”.
My advice of the day is to never fall into the 80/20 rule. Leaving 80% of what you want/need for 20% of what you think you want or need.
She searches for the answers still, for innocence breached, betrayed
We get up too late. Read too little.
Will pass. It cannot last unless
Of course, that’s totally not the same as saying she pays MORE tax… but that’s what the less informed ‘Merican is going to think. “And that’s gotta stop!”
“Don’t be afraid, you tiny flock! Your Father plans to give you the kingdom. Sell your possessions and give the money away. Get yourselves purses that never grow old, inexhaustible treasure in Heaven, where no thief can ever reach it, or moth ruin it. For wherever your treasure is, you may be certain that your heart will be there too!”
Bloody Butcher Tomato - 12
remote control of some kind.
