Pay Day
The last piece in our flawed generation's puzzle. And we are forever scarred as we stare at its (now amusing) ugliness.
However, somehow, we lost our way during the recipe and the outcome was not exactly what we'd hoped for. It is possible (but I am not pointing fingers), that my sous chef engaged in some improvisations that she declined to share with me.
Economically, the United States worries that China’s mercantilist policies will harm the chances of American economic recovery. China-based cyber theft of American trade secrets and technology further sharpens these concerns.
Court documents say Robert Bolden, currently on death row for murdering a bank security guard in Missouri, has Canadian citizenship. He was born to a Canadian woman in Newfoundland where his father was stationed with the U.S. air force. The family moved back to the U.S. when Bolden was a young child.
It's a nice coffee shop set between a Wendy's and a Chick-fil-A. Small, but I'm a fan of the communal tables where people can rest, read or even work on a computer. Unlike most Starbucks, the workers included a white-haired woman who kept a rapport with customers: Customer: "I will have a tall blonde." Cashier: "The men all like tall blondes."
The collection is called Barry Fishing and features everyone's favorite teddy. I love the one where he's holding the worm! And look at the perfect freebie sentiment ticket that goes along with this set.
But today I’ve got to teach my class. I’ve got to pick up my kids at 3, then pick up the new closet shelves at the carpenter’s shop. I gotta read that paragraph that Anette wrote for Harvard. I gotta get a line on you.
Neo Stamos had a goal to be a billionaire and he made it so with his friend. But now Neo has lost a bet and must take what his friend has offered. A years worth of piano lessons with a prodigy. Neo did not know what to expect with Cassandra but soon she would fill his world and complete what was missing.
The attached map (right) is misleading in several ways. First, it covers only the arena block, west of Sixth Avenue, plus a small fraction of the rest of the project site. (For the overall project plan, see the top of this blog.) So there's no mention of the planned interim surface parking lot.
And there I sat on the dusty old box
In my previous Downside of Being a Dead Celebrity blog, I mentioned how veteran TV producer Michael Hurll went for the late comedian Charlie Drake’s throat in a Chortle interview. My mad inventor chum John Ward, after he read the blog, reminded me about Charlie Drake’s ‘accident’ in 1961.
I'm excited!!
So with that in mind, who… are we? Who are you?
Now, if I were to make a legal change to my name I would leave out the nonsense as President Doctor Katherine. The only problem I can foresee is if I get my PhD then become President.
Starting weight on 31 December 2011: 294.6 lbs
This is the skeins older brother that I spun a couple years ago. I'm thinking about pairing them with a semi-solid for some fair isle. They think they might want to go with the BFL/silk I'm currently spinning. The BFL/silk says it's not too sure about that right now. The natural colored fiber could be a snob, it might be the silk.
The next morning we discovered a (finally) trapped mouse.
HIM: I knew you were gonna say that.
He said okay and supposedly started preparing the wooden board taxi, Mrs. Murphy and I continued talking while we waited, but the man seemed to be mostly smoking and/or drinking and/or talking to someone instead of preparing his wooden board taxi; and so at some point Mrs. Murphy decided to start back practicing until the wooden board taxi was ready, and so she walked back to the dock-like area.
In many ways, he gave me life. He made me feel that life was worth living because he was in it. I have to learn to feel that life is worth living because I am in it, and that will be a long time coming. I am still at the stage where I don’t care if I live. NO, I am not suicidal. I am not stockpiling pills or thinking suicidal thoughts. This not caring is perhaps one of the longest-lived stages of grief, one that we bereft only talk about to each other — or our counselors — because it is so often misunderstood by those who have not been in a similar situation. One thing that keeps me going is curiosity about where life will take me now that he is not here for me to love.
If the font shows up with vertical bleeding at the top of the letters and the bottom of the letters being cut off, here’s an easy fix. Open the gunplayDemoSheet2x.txt (JSON) file and change the “y” value of the “frame” from 0 to 2.
Galaxy Nexus, the official debut of which was delayed by Samsung in October to pay respect to Apple's co-founder Steve Jobs, is the first phone running on the newest Android version before the platform is widely adopted by hardware manufacturers such as HTC Corp and Motorola Mobility. HTC and Motorola are also in separate patent disputes with Apple.
Then they led Jesus from Caiphas to the governor’s hall. And it was morning: and they went not into the hall, that they might not be defiled, but that they might eat the pasch. Pilate therefore went out to them, and said: What accusation bring you against this man? They answered and said to him: If he were not a malefactor, we would not have delivered him up to you. Pilate therefore said to them: Take him you, and judge him according to your law. The Jews therefore said to him: It is not lawful for us to put any man to death. That the word of Jesus might be fulfilled, which he said, signifying what death he should die. Pilate therefore went into the hall again and called Jesus and said to him: Are you the king of the Jews? Jesus answered: Do you say this thing of yourself, or have others told it you of me? Pilate answered: Am I a Jew? Your own nation and the chief priests have delivered you up to me. What have you done? Jesus answered: My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world, my servants would certainly strive that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now my kingdom is not from hence. Pilate therefore said to him: Are you a king then? Jesus answered: You say that I am a king. For this was I born, and for this came I into the world; that I should give testimony to the truth. Every one that is of the truth hears my voice. Pilate said to him: What is truth? And when he said this, he went out again to the Jews and says to them: I find no cause in him. But you have a custom that I should release one unto you at the Pasch. Will you, therefore, that I release unto you the king of the Jews? Then cried they all again, saying: Not this man, but Barabbas. Now Barabbas was a robber.
8. Do you have pets?
Red Sorghum (China) directed by Zhang Yimou
The above are the former nests of gila woodpeckers in Arizona. They form their nests in the cavities of saguaro cacti. The sap from the cactus hardens the nest so these birds can use them more than once.
So, please make some time to read this. Sit back, grab a cup of coffee, tea or other favorite beverage and enjoy ...!
I think before we cast moral judgements, we should first look honestly at what we would do in their shoes. Would we stand on the moral high ground of being anti-slavery if it meant that those we loved would die from starvation, or disease, knowing that we could save them by making someone else do it for them? If we lived in a world without mechanical strength, where it was only strength of arms that we survived on, would we be willing to stand on sexual equality, or would both genders suddenly find that women went back to running the house, while men risked life and limb to hunt and farm and died trying to keep their families alive?
Communication is a big issue and the lack of it tends to keep things very messy especially in relationships. If you are in any relationship where you know there are assumptions from the other person that you are not willing to agree or commit to, but they remain unspoken, it is time to bring them to the surface and tell the truth. It is usually fear of being alone or disappointing the other that keeps this messy unspoken situation going on for far too long. This is the month of growing up and becoming an adult, telling the truth and taking your bids for power very seriously. Relationships are the point of growth for most people, be it relationship with self, with a partner, family member, or work colleague, therefore most bids for power and most commitments will involve at least one relationship. Don’t be afraid to communicate your bid for power and your commitment. If you are secretive and unwilling to share, it means you have doubts. If you have doubts you are not 100 percent committed. Either work those doubts out and commit, or make a change or adjustment to your bid.
These babies were full of flavor and filling! After several hours, I was still satisfied. I never felt that lazy, must take a nap full, but I was no longer hungry and absolutely happy!
We all have our moments where we like to do our own thing in our own time. I really wish lately i had more time in the day to be able to do things for "me" like scrapping...But family committments have slowed me down.
Scott bought the house in 2006, 8 years after the murders, and after some pretty terrible alterations by someone with no real decorating ability and the mistaken idea that he was a handyman. Needless to say - the house has been a real labor of love these past few years, but the hardwork has been worth it. With any luck, this old house will see its 100th birthday while we have it, and will go on to have many many more.
Mrs Be Lucky and I have been entering IPC competitions daily for many years now and with great success. We’ve never said yes to ANY of the offers shown and if our telephone number is shown in any of the offers, we simply delete it and we’ve never received any harrassing telephone marketing calls from the companies listed!
* 2 bags brown rice
The Google bias came into sharp focus the other day when I was doing some research for a new novel. On my laptop, a Google images search for 'Borromeo' came up with just the right thing - lots of images of a sixteenth-century cardinal. I wanted to print one to stick in my workbook for the novel, but the colour printer isn't wifi'd to the Mac, so I did the same search on the PC, logged in as Small Bint.
Let us divide the whole of the UK up into three non-contiguous zones, Zones A, B, and C. Zone A refers to all those locations out of which, in a tribal conflict, Muslims could not be driven by force without driving them out of the UK, such as parts of London, parts of Birmingham, Bradford and so on. Muslims could not meaningfully flee these places for other destinations in the UK as all other destinations (Penzance, Canterbury, the Scottish Highlands, etc.) would only leave them even more exposed. Zone A is concentrated in the Greater London area, the West Midlands, and the north-west of England.
I almost bought a black mink coat this summer at a great vintage shop in the East Village. It was absolutely stunning on my petite frame (not overwhelming at all, which is surprising) and just classy but casual enough to be worn to any occasion. And the $250 price tag wasn't too bad...
I once judged a writing contest in which every one of the seven manuscripts I read had a heroine who was tall with reddish hair and green eyes. Oh, there were subtle differences between the seven, but not enough to make them unique. After the third red-haired, green-eyed siren, I started looking for something – anything – that would make the character different. If this sounds like your characters, then you need to get out your writing needle and thread. It’s time to do some creating.
“Quite,” Nathaniel sighed. “But I’m afraid I have some rather upsetting news …”
5. The butcher backed into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
BC Conservative Party
How could I let this go, for a winter dream?
Join the battle!
Sarah Albion
just like anxiety move faster
1/2 cup Onion Soup mix (or 1 package)
4. Pass it along to your friends to compete!
Right now it looks like we will start with a simple long bar mounted to the wall, because its quicker to do and then do a full pull-up cage after that.
If you want to get a little more fancy, try a 3 tier effect using the same technique.
"Totally drew that myself."
The revelation in Benghazi came just days after it emerged that rebels in Libya have imposed Sharia law in the country since seizing power.
These are the people that we need to tell that being gay is completely normal. It’s not something that we need to base entire stories around, rather that it’s possible to have a protagonist who does whatever heroic thing they’re going to do before coming home to their loving same-sex partner. Young adults are the people we need to be telling that being gay is so normal it’s not worth making a big deal out of it.
LA: Actually, I would argue that, although in fairness it may not be clear from our description, Mark Hodder's Burton & Swinburne in The Strange Affair of Spring Heeled Jack is very much SF. The book is one of the best time-travel novels I've ever read, and the only steampunk novel I've read to explain the steampunk setting as the result of a very specific divergence between this world's history and our own. We also have Paul McAuley's utterly brilliant Cowboy Angels, about a secret branch of the CIA that are conducting Black Ops projects into parallel universes, and Kristine Kathryn Rusch is currently hard at work on the sequel to Diving into the Wreck.
We've read lots of children's poetry-- including my favorite Shel Silverstein. My kids can't seem to get enough of him this year!
In this iteration the story opens up on a pair of uninspiring, overweight city dwellers who’s lives take a sudden turn when Darren is set upon by a group of thugs outside of his friend Nelse’s apartment. Nelse tries to help but is promptly knocked aside and then fumbles with the dial of a nearby phone in an attempt to get help.
On the left hand side we hung Bubble's whiteboard for doing her therapy homework using 3M removable hooks. The white shelves are a spice rack bought from the local Salvo shop for $5 and repainted, this is where we will store our small craft items like glue pots and beads.
…if the death of Christ on the cross is the true meaning of the Incarnation, then there is no gospel without the cross. Christmas by itself is no gospel. The life of Christ is no gospel. Even the resurrection, important as it is in the total scheme of things, is no gospel by itself. For the good news is not just that God became man, nor that God has spoken to reveal a proper way of life for us, or even that death, the great enemy, is conquered. Rather, the good news is that sin has been dealt with (of which the resurrection is a proof); that Jesus has suffered its penalty for us as our representative, so that we might never have to suffer it; and that therefore all who believe in him can look forward to heaven. …Emulation of Christ’s life and teaching is possible only to those who enter into a new relationship with God through faith in Jesus as their substitute. The resurrection is not merely a victory over death (though it is that) but a proof that the atonement was a satisfactory atonement in the sight of the Father (Rom 4:25); and that death, the result of sin, is abolished on that basis.
Many of us call the pastor of a congregation a shepherd. The pastor is the shepherd of the flock, the one who leads this group where they need to go. The pastor is the one who shows the good water to drink, the good grass to eat, the right time to start a new program, gives guidance for bible study…
What To Expect When You’re Expecting has the lovely Cameron Diaz in the cast with Dennis Quaid. I’m assuming the movie is about how people can expect just anything, no matter how well prepared you are.
It was Valentine's Day in Manhattan many years ago, and I, like the others, had waited until THE LAST MINUTE. We had made the enormous mistake of attempting to buy flowers from a flower shop during the closing hours on Valentine's Day.
Money is the only thing with the Power to Create
Take note of today's date. It is the 3rd of July.
BCAA’s (Branched-chain amino acids) are 3 essential amino acids( Leucine, Iso-Leucine and Valine). They make up a large portion of skeletal muscle tissue and have been shown in studies to have a number of benefits to athletes and bodybuilders. The main benefit is that they are anti-catabolic. This is a very important and useful aspect especially whilst dieting as you run the risk of catabolism. They also have benefits like increasing protein synthesis post workout if taken around training.
I've been following your posts for a long time, and have always really appreciated the honesty and heart you put into every entry, especially this one. I grew up on the homemade kaya my father made (its impossible to find in the States), and will always remember his patience with my banging about in the kitchen while he laboriously stirred. It wasn't until five years after his passing that I learned he never cared for the stuff, and had always gone out of his way to make it for me. For years, the tall narrow jam jar had always been full and dutifully refilled, and the smooth, sweet kaya spread on crisp toast in a heart shape on my birthday without fail, into my high school years until he passed away. And never having known he had always done it for me! It's amazing to see that this love for family and the food we cook and eat with them is so universal, and so beautiful to see how their memories live on this way. This was an a great post, full of great memories.
Obligatory: All personal messages or presents must be acknowledged.
The Word of God has the recipe for a balanced, flourishing, “delicious” life. Allowing God to add and measure what goes into our lives brings peace, joy, and love. He leaves nothing to chance, but carefully mixes all things together for our good (Romans 8:28).
Will be wrapping up my adventures in Bavaria and Toronto. No other travel on my until Christmas time, which may find us in New York City. We'll have to see. Holla.
in your life. Share by leaving a comment below.
Are young people more benign?
Here is a copper die-cut star from the same Spellbinders dies I've been using to mask with. At first glance the star looks like a nice dark red. Clock on it to see up-close and you'll see that it's not flat red, rather I added darker speckles of purple to darken up the vibrant R29. This helps add to the antique feel. The nice thing about airbrushing on metal is that if you don't like it, just wipe off the marker with some hand-sanitizer and you can start over.
Bake the scones for 17-19 minutes, or until their tops are golden and firmish. Transfer the scones to a rack and cool for 10 minutes before serving, or wait for the scones to cool to room temperature. Makes about 14 scones.
1 tsp nutmeg
4x Avacyn’s Pilgrim
Young boys were being sexually abused by Catholic priests and if they complained to authorities they were involuntarily placed in Catholic run psychiatric institutions and castrated to ‘help’ their homosexual feelings or behavior.
Every week, we’re breaking down the 5 Key Strategies for a Successful Oil Show.
I'm hoping to remember how to relax and let the world spin without me.
some old,
J.A. Konrath gives ten reasons for his success.
#150 sometimes closing my eyes and raising my hands in the air like I’m flying
of teaching.
Mabaya added that the lease agreement also included the maintenance of the luxury jets over the five-year period.
Oooh my phone is going to run out of battery! Better go!
My Take: I liked Judith Miller"s series' about the women who worked for the textile mills in Lowell, Massachusetts (Bells of Lowell and The Lights of Lowell)so when I saw that this was available I thought I would give it a try. I was glad I did. I have found with Judith's other series that sometimes it takes a bit to get hooked on the story, don't giveup because when you are hooked you are in for a wonderful time. This takes to opposite women, Johanna who has been brought up in the community at Amana and Berta who has been brought up as a spoiled girl from Chicago. Johanna is given the job of teaching Berta the ways of the community and Berta tries her best to do as little as possible. They eventually learn something from each other.
Asked whether the $6 charge would help the carrier break even, or whether it could generate extra revenue, American Airlines referred questions to Airlines for America, a trade organization.
There is a new awareness on the streets. It comes to the chagrin and worry of those who would bar the ordinary citizen from the power of knowledge. This “thought police” has published their concerns in an academic journal whose words fly 200 miles above the Middle American radar. The writers of this discussion are worried about new technologies that are not just cheap but sometimes even free. These technologies are user-friendly, accessible, and fast. More harrowingly, they are global.
SCENARIO A: Mommy hippie, daddy hippie and three little child hippies are waiting at the corner for the light to change. Once it does, mommy and daddy hippie pedal right off, followed by oldest child. Second child, not wanting to get tangled, waits for the pack to get going before taking off, and struggles to come up to speed, and by now the light is halfway over. Smallest child has been looking at a fire truck and only realizes at the last minute that its time to ride, and drops the bike, then gets back up on the bike and begins to trying to pedal, struggling to get up to speed.
(posted by K__)
I watched her leave
It was meant to be the name of the EP! 'Thriving Metropolis' by The Differentials. So the band changed their name to Thriving Metropolis for a couple of years.While not an out-and-out classic, the record's a good'un, and a grower. The pick of the tracks is probably the Oi!-ish Think For Yourself with She's Nothing Special not far behind. All three tracks have a slow instrumental build before kicking in. Good, simple choruses all around though it must be said - some of the worst guitar solos you'll hear, and not in a good way. There are more Differentials recordings out there that it would be cool to hear some time.
Dr. Lansky was a NASA researcher in artificial intelligence when her life was transformed by the homeopathic cure of her son’s autism. In 2003, she published Impossible Cure: The Promise of Homeopathy, still a best-selling introductory text on homeopathy. Lansky has broadened her investigations to include ancient and modern teachings about consciousness, psychic phenomena, meditation, and our collective power to evolve and transform our world. The result is her newest book, Active Consciousness: Awakening the Power Within, published in 2011.
The fourth student replied, “Riding my bicycle, I live in harmony with all sentient beings.” The teacher was pleased and said to the fourth student, “You are riding on the golden path of non-harming.”
Like I said not the best thing I have ever written. Hopefully this new prompt will be a little better.
I had been sleeping over night in her hospital room and woke up at 6:30 to the nurse telling me she had just taken her last breaths.
Grandma sent to Poland for Grandpa’s favorite brother, Emil, who died of typhoid three months after he arrived. Grandpa never forgave her. Three months Grandpa was in the hospital, depressed, while Grandma ironed and sewed and shoveled horse manure from the streets to spread on her flowers.
Screenplay: James Kennaway
Roaming Buffaloes’ Rooftop Brunch at HSBC Tower – 10:00 a.m. – 1:00 p.m.
It is with a heavy heart that I sign off from my blog. I started my blog as a way to vent at the hypocrisy of the world and it became instead my little project to which I looked forward to adding every evening. Through my blog, I have been able to express how I've felt about many topics, and I've learnt a lot on the way. However, my blog has slowly been taking over my life and that was never the intent. I have two wonderful teenagers to raise and I feel that I need to concentrate on that for the next few years. Who knows, maybe one day I'll be back.
Until the next email,
Recently, Harlequin Enterprises launched two new business ventures aimed at aspiring writers, the Harlequin Horizons self-publishing program and the eHarlequin Manuscript Critique service (aka "Learn to Write"), both of which are widely promoted on its website and embedded in the manuscript submission guidelines for all of its imprints.
Some of the protesters called for the departure of the premier, accusing Netanyahu of failing to reduce the social gaps.
Why am I telling you all this? Because this is the first time a layout has inspired me to create a card. Granted, my card turned out different than this, but the basic idea is still there...
All through their relationship, the guy kept insulting her, he beats her up publicly, molests her when she’s not in the mood.
Total Loss: 16
We've finally had some cooler nights here in the sunny south and it felt so good to be out in the crisp dry air after a long humid summer. As always, if you want to take a closer look, please click on the individual images.......
swap – /tmp tmpfs – yes -
... how years after your precious baby has learned to sleep through the night, at weekends you are sometimes still kept awake and pacing the floor by them? Or rather you are kept awake by pacing the floor waiting for them to get home. I'm not pacing the floor with a slightly inebriated 6 foot 3 lump of useless upon my shoulder, that would be silly. Not to mention, difficult.
- the fact that our sweet Harper girl is now just 2 little ounces away from weighing EXACTLY what Henry weighs! This isn't great for Henry, but it's huge for baby girl!
but we are bound to it from root to branch
I checked and we were indeed a day early! I may be shallow, but I was devastated to have missed out on a lie in! Ever the optimist, Neil said we should get tickets and walk around the gardens. The sun was shining for the first time in about a month, so it seemed the sensible thing to do. Isaac enjoyed kicking the little stones on the gravel paths and I was delighted to see a swath of bluebells in flower. It was beautiful. We walked for several miles and then headed back to the car to get Isaac home for his lunch and nap.
It seems like now the real story is starting. Chitanda asks Houtarou to come to a café because she needs to talk.
The evidence is mounting more than ever to suggest that President Obama is morphing into failed Democratic President Jimmy Carter.
Although a little late in the story, this is probably a good time to introduce the school’s head. A natural authoritarian, he hated being stuck in his office and chose instead to walk around the school, visiting classrooms and patrolling the corridors to keep a tally on which miscreants had been ordered out of lessons. We, teacher and pupil alike, were never sure who it was he was keeping an eye on but we were never in any doubt that he was the master of all he surveyed and that he intended to keep an eye on things. In the course of one of my lessons earlier that year, he appeared four times and on each visit he looked at books and reprimanded pupils who needed reprimanding; he was just about the nearest thing to omnipresence I have ever seen.
He won over the whole House. They shouted 'Away with the bill!' and persistently rejected it, though the Government pushed it twice to a division.
And love? When that flutters outside your window, you certainly don’t bat it away. It’s too rare and precious and one day, I may be so lucky.
Also, my 15% OFF Special Holidays Sale is ON until November 30th, 2011! Great opportunity to get unique gifts at fantastic prices! http://hjmart.etsy.com
New Haven is famous for their pizza (which they often call, Apizza (pronounced Uh-Beets). Often covered in what real Italians call... fresh "Mootz".
As per usual, we are working with the Linky with thumbnails, and displaying the oldest entry first, with no randomising.
As it's unlikely that an entirely acceptable development (say, a commune) will go up in central Brooklyn anytime soon, why not engage in the process and ask Frank Gehry, a fellow artist, for better?
School, while it had its challenges, was very encouraging. And of course, my morning started with this:
Every night I returned to my hotel room totally exhausted, but with my mind overflowing with great ideas and wonderful memories. After all, what could be better than five days with librarians and Sisters in Crime?
Tomorrow I have a meeting at work to "review" my situation. Rumour is that they are going to take away my tele-work and that there are lots of people who want me to lose it. Not because they want it . They always claim that they could never stand working at home; as they would miss the social atmosphere of the office. That makes me laugh, a bitter laugh, because it is such a poisoned atmosphere. I think they just can't stand that somebody else has something they don't have . Don't you just hate rumours ? So right now everything sucks!!
I often ask the group to start by spending a few minutes quickly noting their immediate impressions of the art, before we discuss it or look at related poems. In this instance, hardly anyone had seen the show before the session, so I wanted them to have a chance to respond to the maps while they were still in the grip of that overwhelming awe and freshness I remembered when I first walked into the room and was surrounded by the colours of the world.
There is a down side to this, as while genetically modified salt resistant and drought resistant crops will certainly help alleviate the Chinese as well as world food shortages, GM crops have been known to have side effects.
Ironic
Today I’m going to stray away from my usual topic of books and writing to talk about art. This weekend my boyfriend and I went to the D’Amour Museum of Fine Art in downtown Springfield for their Old Masters to Monet exhibit, a special display of fifty French paintings on loan from the Wadsworth Atheneum. This is the last week before it closes and I’ve been dying to see it so we finally made plans to go.
The Wild Ones haunt the landscape yet again…
While strolling down the isles of Walmart and Target today, I saw a couple of things that struck my fancy. I started doing the math in my head.....Christmas is only 90 days away......that's 3 months! Do you know how fast 3 months flies by?? FAST!
Guinsoo: Hasn’t he?
2 ounces semisweet chocolate
1 x (392)Mamee Premium - Vege Curry = 4.39
It seems that he had 7 or 8 people tell him while he was still at the church, and received another 1/2 dozen or so emails later in the day. When I spoke with him the next day he simply said, "I wish I could get that quick of response from a stewardship letter."
Why? Because I want to write. I spend a lot of time doing that. That’s what I want to do.
It is early May in sunny southern California, but I still chose to wear these angora blend funky argyle socks today.
Another scathing report issued by the Department of Justice (DOJ) concerning Orleans Parish Prison (OPP). In a strongly worded letter, the U.S. DOJ on Monday, April 23, 2012 accused Orleans Parish Sheriff Marlin Gusman of neglecting to make necessary improvements to the way the city’s jail is run and failing to seriously negotiate with federal officials to solve the problems at the jail. The 21-page letter is an update to the harsh findings released by the DOJ’s civil rights division in September 2009.
Looking at Somalia now, or the horrific violence the engulfed Yugoslavia after its dissolution in the early nineties, one wonders if a bad government is better than no government. The military government of Egypt is finding the hard lesson that so many militaries have discovered in the 20th and 21st centuries-- indeed, what the United States discovered after easily defeating Iraq and Afghanistan-- that it's easier to overthrow than to govern. In the end, while a leader may stay in power, using the imperatives of Huntington, Machiavelli, Sun-Tzu or anybody else, in the end, if a society that does not have a form of government in which the needs and dreams of its citizens cannot find a way, or in which its citizens cannot even express those things, it is probably doomed. In the end, it may be Winston Churchill who said it best:
Its tough seeing F1 step out of the love motor racing fans world and over the fence and into the world of the rich and those who can afford sports packages.
teachers to prepare them for situations and obstacles that could possibly occur to
It's been a busy weekend and I am officially wiped out. On Saturday we went to a wedding that thankfully was only a few minutes from our house, but given that I'm normally in my PJs and reading in bed by 9:30, it was tiring to be out dancing that late. When we got home we had to get MS packed and ready for his trip. On Saturday we were up at 4:30 AM to drive him to the airport. Getting up at 4:30 is exhausting enough, but for some reason I've had baby-related insomnia almost every night, and I was going on a few hours of solid sleep. I came home and tried to get a few more hours in before heading to see my family. My brother left this morning so I wanted to spend the last day he was here with him.
You’ll be on your way up!
There were 'rules' floating about that you need to post to a specific schedule and everyone must take the same days off. Not gonna happen here folks. I will post 26 times this months, every letter of the alphabet in order, but I'll take off a day when I need it and post on a Sunday if I feel like it - schedules just make things too complicated to be fun. And it should be fun, so if you get behind and just post 3 letters at once - I'll cheer you on!
Spencer W. Kimball said, "There is no reason why any women needs to wear a gown because it is the style. We can create at style of our own.... Evening gowns can be most beautiful and modest if they clothe the body. But the Lord never did intend that they should be backless or topless. Now I want to tell you, it is a sin. The Lord abhors it. I do not know what our mothers are thinking of who will let their young daughters wear gowns that are immodest. I repeat again - you do not realize, I am sure, how much temptation you are flaunting before the boys. Now, a woman is most beautiful when her body is clothed and her sweet face is adorned with her lovley hair. She needs no more attractions. Then she is at her best, and men will love her for it.” He continued to say, “On Sinai God wrote on the tablets, 'Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not commit adultery.' In one breath He said it, and the second is not far behind the first. It is very important that we understand these things, and know the seriousness of it. Jesus gave it to us clearly. He said, ' Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery: But I say unto you - That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his
Perhaps the only saving grave is Melissa Chimenti's portrayal of Papaya, the seductive Island beauty. As she appears to be the only character in the entire film who has...character. Sirpa Lane, most well known for her scandalous performance in Walerian Borowocyzk's The Beast/La bête (1975), holds a persistently perplexed expression in almost every scene and Maurice Poli remains smug and nonchalant throughout, even during the film's sex scenes.
A fine site, HistoricBridges.org, tells me that "Very little is known about the history of this bridge. The designer and contractor is unknown, nor is it known why such elaborate decorative design was applied to this bridge. Nothing about the location of the bridge stands out as reason for the decorative design, which is more like a bridge that would be found in a large city park rather than the relatively open and undeveloped location in which this bridge is located. Constructed in 1906, the bridge is a very early surviving example of a reinforced concrete bridge."
Last month I decided to try some off road riding for the first time in about eight years. For the last three years my mountain bike has been rigged for singlespeed commuting with slick road tyres and a 2.75:1 (44t/16t) ratio. Not wanting to spend a huge amount of money adding stuff and weight to the bike, I just added the alternative rear sprockets that came with the singlespeed conversion kit and stuck some knobbly tyres on it. The first problem became apparent when the tyres arrived: instead of XC (cross country) I’d ordered CX (cyclocross) rubber. Although I could reuse the tubes from the road tyres, it meant the tyres were only 1.35 inches wide. I convinced myself that this wouldn’t be an issue after all, as ‘cyclocross’ style riding was what I would probably be doing; tarmac lanes, gravel tracks and a few bridleways. The gear ratio was now 2.44:1 (44t/18t) which felt like it would fine when I tested the bike on a commute to work. The problem with my commute is that it’s in Portsmouth, and Portsmouth is largely flat. At least the bit I commute through is flat. So it’s not really and adequate test of bike that’s going to go off road.
And fire! Consummate this waiting night!
Jenni Mitchell commenced formal painting classes with Lesley Sinclair at Montsalvat in Eltham at the age of 10 and has since completed a Master of Visual Arts at Monash University.
INFATUATION THERAPY
The desires of your heart will reveal your treasure. Treasure that is found on the earth will not satisfy your heart and soul but rather temporarily sustain it until it loses its shine or something bigger and better comes out. The things once thought to be “treasure” once attained we find it to be just another thing or stuff cluttering our life. Continuously dissatisfied, people blame God for not blessing them like He promised. However, when our treasure is of the earth it cannot be preserved. Only treasure in Heaven is eternal. It is the only prize safe from depreciation and worthy of His Glory. The desires of your heart must be aligned with the Kingdom of God to ever find satisfaction and many times it requires giving it all away to make room for the Lord’s Treasure.
*Remember you can use any vegetables you want! What’s in your fridge?
I propose combining Education with Labor because I see the two as inter-related. Education results in a smarter, better, more affluent labor force and a better product for America. To that end, Secretary Levin would work closely with Secretary Cain.
“A few years later”? Really? Was it that hard to give an explicit number? Fuck, it couldn’t be fewer than 5, probably 7. What do you gain from not specifying, you just make it look like you’ve barely thought this through ooooooh, that’s because you haven’t, oh ok, sorry, my bad.
Will this become as major of a factor as say - not buckling your child into a seat belt/safety seat?
To create the strings of hearts, I threaded silver thread through each heart and secured each with a small knot on the back.
Even after they get a book deal, many authors are surprised to find the majority of the marketing depends on them. Know going in what kind of writing sells and can be marketed and you will save yourself a lot of time and effort in the long run. Keep up with what's hot by reading Writer's Market or Script.
"In a decision of the Israeli Supreme Court (16 January 2006), Case 8117/03 Inbar v Jacob, it was held that a textbook published by a student infringed the lecturer's copyright in his university lectures. Jacob lectured in Tort Law; Inbar, a former student of his, published a legal textbook on tort law a few years after graduation. from law school. Jacob sued for copyright infringement, claiming that substantial portions of the textbook were copied form his lectures. The copying was reflected, he alleged, in the structure of the textbook, the manner in which various ideas were expressed and analysed, the use of examples that were given by the lecturer and so on. Inbar denied the allegations and argued, inter alia, that the textbook was based on general ideas in tort law which were in the public domain, and that he only used the general knowledge acquired by him during his studies.
One might suggest that there is a distinction to be drawn between visible and invisible identities, for instance, race and sexuality (Somerville 198). Christian has identified herself with two visible identities, blackness and femaleness. While a visible identity cannot be ignored, those that are invisible can be obscured in favor of a certain political alignment or community. A black homosexual may hide his or her sexuality in order to take part in the movement as anyone else. However, any homosexual would disagree vehemently with this perspective: to hide one’s sexuality is to harbor a painful secret. To deny one’s sexual orientation is to deny an essential part of oneself, such as one’s race; it cannot be simply overshadowed, left to atrophy in the name of social justice because it is internal rather than external. One shares an intimate psychological space with fellow activists, and must be able to speak freely to participate wholeheartedly in their work. Thus, to deny an invisible identity is to accept authoritative discourse of the chosen group even as one denies a part of him or herself that is inextricably connected with the commonality the group is built on (Somerville 198). It is to concede that the obscured identity is inferior to the shared (Rimstead 205).
When it comes to food, it seems boys at football tailgates are easy to impress. We threw these on the grill to heat them up and let the cheese melt a little more. The boys all wanted to know how I made these, and for some reason the answer, “I made a pizza and rolled it like a cinnamon roll” blew their minds. Haha we’ll blame that on the beers that went so well with these yummy bites!
Turquoise
NOTE: I received this book for free from Christian Focus Publications and was under no obligation to provide a favorable review. The views expressed in this review are my own.
I got a lot of great feedback for my work, met a lot of cool people, sold some stuff, and had a great time! Thank you so much to all of you who came to my table! And thank you to Jamie Hogan who took this nice photo!
for being the big $20 winner in bunco.
after MANY mind changes, we managed to decide... but before I reveal all... we need to announce the prize winner....
Through the years it has become evident that if you put your mind to it and are willing to make some sacrifices, you will be able to put up preps that you need. Some of the most expensive of those preps are going to be tools that you use to secure other preps and that is what I have been focusing on.
And just in case you don't believe me about my love of Ewoks from childhood on, I submit this proof:
The aliens came to America at the change of the century. It was a hot night in late May, and as a portent of doom they were early and kinda not what anyone was expecting.
“Don’t you think that would be cool?” my typically conservative-leaning husband asked, clearly no longer in his right mind. “And give me a mustache and beard.”
Finance – the great difficulty of municipal reform is that many cities are constrained in both the forms and levels of revenue they can raise from taxes and the bond market. There are two potential ways for cities in decline to unshackle themselves. First, Metropolitan Reserve Banks. Just as with state governments, cities can establish reserve banks that can generate large amount of finance, especially for new industries. Naturally, the more limited basis of a city’s holdings and revenue will make these reserve banks smaller than their state counterparts, but given that the size of the projects they’d deal with are smaller too, it’s not a problem. Second, Build America Bonds. The Build America Bonds established by Obama were a godsend for the cities, allowing them to invest in infrastructure at lower costs. A permanent Build America Bond program, or even a program for cities to borrow directly from the Federal Reserve would allow the cities to take advantage of the Federal government’s functionally-unlimited financial capacity while giving the Federal government yet another tool to spread demand around in the future.
since silas is deemed our monkey (the kid is agile!), we thought a monkey party would be fitting.
Skepoet: I suppose I should have worded it better, I was thinking of pagan-written textual sources.
Thanks to lyricist Sammy Cahn and composer Jule Styne for that little bit of inspiration. In 1945 Cahn and Styne created the legendary winter song "Let it Snow."
'And now for snap-dragon,' said Marian.
The hybrid version:
The likelihood is that many of these women are smokers but do not wish to be chastisted by the denormalisers of Scotland's health service. This suspicion is supported by the fact that the proportion of pregnant women who are lifelong non-smokers has barely moved for a decade.
Surveying the damage, you realize that you'll have to put on the spare tire. Unfortunately, you know that you don't have much time, because the turtle is slowly ambling toward you with a deranged lustful hunger in his eyes. You reach into the trunk, and extract your spare tire and tire iron. You look back, startled by the dripping fangs of the approaching beast. This shock causes the tire iron to drop out of your still sweaty hands into the depths of the marsh.
A little reminder of the rules:
Lyke started Pints for Prostates after talking to a couple of editors at magazines where he writes. The idea was well received and he contacted Us TOO International Prostate Cancer Education and Support Network, a not for profit group founded and governed by prostate cancer survivors that works to support, educate and advocate for men with prostate cancer.
Alan Davies, an Arsenal fan and comedian, received death threats over his calls for Liverpool to be forced to play their FA Cup game on the anniversary of Hillsborough. Admittedly he aired these grievances in a terrible way – including saying that he was “sick of this shit” in reference to Hillsborough – but the step from disagreeing with his viewpoint to sending death threats is one that I cannot fathom. Does it come from true outrage over his comments, or from bandwagon-jumping based entirely on what club someone supports? Would Davies’s comments have been so acerbic had he not had an (admitted) problem with Liverpool Football Club on a sporting level?
You'd honestly have to own more than one to really make any real money.
1/3 cup creamy almond butter, preferably with salt (if yours is a no-salt variety, add about 1/2 tsp. salt to the dip)
a number of friends are surprised that lomyl and i don't travel (to the festivals). but why should we??? i am a home-body. i like to grow old with the same people...
I overuse exclamation marks all the time.
As the program finished and the people began to leave, one man came up to me and said “You are always here like this, aren’t you ? You are doing a good job for your people. Let me know what we can do to help.”
We thanked Tony, exchanged numbers with the boys and went out to the cars. One more laugh about what had taken place that day and how great it turned out to be, One more big thanks for a great time and a “Come over any time guys” from Tony. And with that, our Monday Adventure had come to an end.
Watchin' all the cars go by, roarin' as the breezes blow
I have had to make some difficult decisions – which in the end, are not difficult at all.
Despite being busy preparing for the move down south with the South-End team we were able to grab Nikki for afew words.
'Edible Glitter' - it doesn't sit right with me!
This plaque will have to go on the wall as I can't think of another way of displaying it as it is a decoration and a completely nonfunctional thingamajig.
CHECK:
Of pine and spruce,
Right up until the mid ’90s things continued to improve and at Australia’s dental health peak the average 12-year-old had just one decayed, missing or filled permanent tooth. But now the incidence of dental decay among children is dramatically on the rise.
We both know that my alarm clock goes off at 4:30 am... we know that too well. I know you realize that because I seem to always wake up a few minutes before it goes off. Its either you're doing Mr. IC ... hope you dont mind that I feel so close to you, that I can call you Mr. IC...or its my dog's doing. Bruno does have a tendancy to bark at the most inappopriate times. Like when he knows I have 30 minutes until the alarm goes off - why bother to go back to sleep?
A few words of caution, or perhaps preparation, are probably fair. A craftsman/woman is often only as good as his/her tools. Use a fresh, sharp razor for detail work. Splurge on yourself here. You’re worth it, baby! If the underbrush has become rather unkempt after many seasons, more modern mechanical aid may be advisable. A good, electric trimmer (something that plugs in or has a wall charger…none of that disposable battery crap) can subdue the perimeter, allowing a safer encroachment for more delicate hand-tools.
Harvey Prince - Ageless Perfume $55 ARV (worldwide) 17 winners!!!!
electric charge
There is so much I have yet to understand…. and two days in which to do it. Guess I’ll have to come back!
First I’ll give props to Bauman College for sparking my interest in the culinary arts (second to my mom & Dr Cory). It wasn’t until my food allergy results that I really got into cooking/baking without using gluten, soy & dairy/eggs. You may have heard but my background is in nutrition and I seriously considered attending Bauman’s Nutrition Consultant program. About a year ago I went to their open house, arriving just in time for the Natural Chef informational session but (honestly) having no interest in ‘food-service’.
A couple of days go by and I start to wonder about what that chemo treatment in the brain will be like for Elisa. I do a little research. You can't find treatment information without knowing what is being treated. So I had to find out what they were looking for: leptomeningeal metastases, or LM for short. LM has a lot of symptoms, most of which are the same as the side effects of chemotherapy. This causes them to go unnoticed a lot. It also meant that our neurologist didn’t realize that Elisa had several symptoms that were on LM’s list as well as the placement of the brain tumors. It is a fine line between trying to be an advocate for a patient you are in love with and being a hypochondriac and I was not sure which side I was falling on, but with our track record I decided to call Elisa’s oncologist. Long story short, all the info was put together as well as all the heads of the doctors and they decided to postpone the gamma knife treatment and do the lumbar puncture first. All this takes time to arrange, and there are approvals and blood test to be done ahead of time. It also takes about 5 days to get the results back. That is a lot of nervous, stressful waiting. So what could we do to make it worse? How about have Elisa get a small tear in her Dura during the lumbar puncture that slowly leaks her spinal fluid. This fluid is keeping the brain suspended inside the skull. When the pressure is lowered you get an excruciating headache if you are in any position other than flat on your back. Yep that would make waiting worse. For 5 days Elisa was basically stuck to the mattress. It finally closed up by itself, just in time to go in and meet with the doctors and get the results. A quick side note about the results – this test gives a false negative 55% of the time. So the news that it was negative was welcome, but we were not over joyed. We thought that we would have to do another lumbar puncture, and after what Elisa had just been though, we were less than exuberant about the idea. Lucky the doctors felt that what they didn’t see -no cancer cells, but also no other abnormalities in the spinal fluid was good enough and they would just do an MRI of the spine and brain to make sure there were no tumors in the spine and then move on scheduling the gamma knife. So now we are up to last week. The scan was Wednesday. Thursday Elisa’s went in for her chemotherapy and we meet with the neurologist to go over the latest scans.
No, I had nothing to offer and she certainly had less and less to offer me.
I’ll note that the horses presented aren’t specially selected; they are intended to be representative of what’s out there. While the horse presented below (Advice) has a lot of “jewelry” from his race career, others in the group looked ready to move into hard work. Still, the beauty and quality of Advice is undeniable.
1. photos (this requires me to have my entire house clean at once which hasn’t happened the past week. or it was and the babe went down for a nap so i ended up not doing them until he was awake…and then i just never did it. tomorrow?)
Day 2 : Pahia or Hahei
I sautéed them on the grill outside for just long enough for
Through the primeval hush of Indian seas,
Fort Wayne...on the list of FAT cities...DUMB cities, and now CHEAP cities (and by the homicide rates over the years, that surely applies to LIFE itself...at least in SOME communities).
"Guess what I'm thinking of," she said.
Most books sell for £3.75 and sellers receive £3 per book sold (your 50p or £1 donation to Dogs Trust comes out of this money, so depending on how much you donate, you'll be left with either £2 or £2.50 to cover postage and packaging charges). You have the option to price your books a little higher if they're heavy so that you can cover the greater P&P costs.
I've continued working on a previous challenge presented to me to prepare cards showing use of Spellbinders Nestabilities Labels Three dies. I do love using these shaped dies for layering and matting with my rubberstamp and digi images. There's so much that can be done with these 6 graduated dies!
I can't offer you any career advice, if you follow my route then you will work on some incredible projects over the years and meet a lot of interesting people. You'll be able to do all those things equally as well as a female, probably more so as you wont be hiding who you are from your friends and colleagues.
Paragliding (can you say 360?) was hands down my favorite part of the trip. I never thought I would run off a mountain, spin upside down at dizzying heights and live to tell about it - and watch my 11 year old do the same. The adrenaline high lasted for days...
We have to be able to discuss these things. We're people -- goodness gracious me.
Feeling a little creative, I took some mozzarella (we use Bel Gioioso, it’s the best!), some left over Roma tomato, left over peeled orange, some kosher dills, and some cucumber and minced it up into the size of slivered almonds and my partner found some black olives and we snipped them up and added a small amount of them as well. After placing in a plastic “clamshell” container we use for salads, and shook it up leaving it to go in its natural juices for a few minutes…we took a few bites and realized that it was a unique light but blood-sugar stabilizing treat for the tongue. Here’s the main recipe:
We’ve completed Spring Training – and we’re moving and communicating in the streets like never before. Now we take our fight to sites of injustices throughout NYC, gradually building a culture of radical non-violent disobedience. We’ll be disrupting banks, corporations and the state all summer long, starting with the crooks in mid-town. We graduate as a full-on revolutionary force September 17th: City-Wide Shut Down!
Eye Shadow (Fire It Up)
Abide.
CD: Have you ever had a life-changing event - if so what was it?
I am beginning to wondering if I am starting to become one of those philosopher types that are only speaking, writing and teaching and preaching instead of taking action. I sometimes think those guys just banged their head a bit too much and couldn’t gather their thoughts anymore.
On the way home, I had over an hour to mull over names. Some of you may know that I have a habit of naming my animals after country and western singers. My dog is Ledoux, my mule is Yoakum, and my old mule was Kershaw. I’d planned on naming my goat Dolly after Dolly Parton. I figured the same parts she’s famous for are the most important on a dairy goat. But Dolly is blonde and brassy, and this goat is shy and dark.
Hope this helps….
Mr. Manic said the best part of his day was fixing the shelf upstairs!
She's pure as New York snow
Life has settled down to a routine lately since I came back. The bf has been overseas for more than a month, and I am not sure when he is coming back. So I've been using the extra time to bake and make desserts quite a bit. I miss traveling and wish I can do more of that this year, especially now that I still have a valid US entry visa for about 9 months left. Summer is here (or almost) and everyone seems to be in a traveling mode, and so do I. My next trip will be during memorial day weekend down to Louisiana to visit the bf's family and hopefully it won't get canceled last minute due to work (which has happened a lot before)
Bazzill Basics Cardstock:
Felicia Day, creator, writer and star of The Guild has taken her love of the internet and everything nerdy and created a webchannel with some of her closest and funniest friends.
Budweiser is, once again, the official beer sponsor of the World Cup. This means Bud is the only beer on sale in and around the stadia (not quite as offensive in South Africa as it was in Germany in 2006, but still pretty offensive). It also means that Budweiser is the only beer signage allowed anywhere near the games.
- change diaper and clothes into pjs
At 350 degrees, in a normal non-super hot oven, I would bake them for about 25-30 minutes. You know your oven better than I do, so just watch them.
The building, designed by the architects Claude Ferret, Yves Salier and Adrien Courtois, was completed in 1954 and has struggled to gain acceptance from a city that traditionally warms more easily to classical architecture. Over the years, there has even been recurring talk of tearing down the building but, in 2008, it was awarded a “Patrimoine du XXe Siècle” label, officially registering its status as an example of 20th-century heritage to be preserved - a proud victory for the many people who have become attached to the presence of the fire station.
Enjoy this black+white set of photos.
Stamps: SU A Cardinal Christmas
2.) "Racist In The Year 3000" from Mr. Show (1998)
Implications
well, there are a few others photos from 2010 that have really stood out for me... shots which have made me love photography, made me give myself some credit in artistry and creativity, and just plain make me smile when i see them. i will include them here:
What do you like most about charted canvaswork?
The list goes on and on. Salesmen remind me of Bill Clinton. In what way you ask? Bill Clinton seemed to think that there was more than one definition for the word “is” during his scandal with Monica Lewinsky. ???? What? Is? Salesmen seem to think that there is more than one definition for the word “No”. Since a small babe in arms, I knew what no meant and if I did the opposite I would get it. Salesmen don’t seem to know how to differentiate between No and No. Case in point:
Well it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
1/2 cup lemon juice
The sight of her wedged between the ottoman and chair.
It worked for me! So if you are wanting a natural toxic-free way to get rid of ants, try this! ;)
This means every action you take in social media has what is termed a long tail — a declining residual effect that may continue for years.
The two IPA factions could no longer keep the peace, diplomatic solutions had fallen on deaf ears and the discussions and civil cries had been a waste of time. There was only room for one IPA in this town, and that would have to be decided on the battlefield.
We have a guest staying with us this week, which is great from the point of view of having a friend to sit up with at night and polish off the odd bottle of wine - but it's not so great from the point of view of having to get up early to tend to the new little man in our life, get him dressed, fed and out the door before his early morning caterwauling disturbs the visitor alseep in the living room.
How do you score? What do you think of this quiz?
Swiftly followed by a tracking number… doh! Fuse blew!
I had two embryos implanted yesterday morning at 7am. I am now on day 2 of "bedrest." In my last post I mentioned that we had 7 fertilized embryos but now we have 5. 2 of them stopped dividing and for lack of better words, died. The Dr hasn't disposed of them yet because he likes to wait as long as possible and have their in house enbryologist monitor the cells just in case they come around. All in all 5 embryos isn't a bad number, would I have wished that more of them would have fertilized, yes I do. I feel like I have two real shots at this. Now I see why the Dr likes to extract as many eggs as possible. You just never know what their quality will be or how many will positively progress.
Those present were treated to a historical occasion unprecedented in the history of Israeli-European relations, thanks in the main to the reputation of retired IAF Lt Col Eliezer “Cheetah” Cohen, a internationally respected war hero who twisted a few arms and called in a few favours in order to allow various well-lunched foreign civilians gain access to the crack paratroop base directly on the Gaza border.
Online project software addresses some areas which comes is completely different, reckoning on what our goals are, and there are some commonalities in project management which these common areas permits project managers to trace, and complete, their comes simply and quickly. Web-based project management programs are everywhere on the net. However, they're not all equal. They vary based mostly on usability, options included, price, and customization choices.
"...what I wrote about in "Life After the 30-Second Spot"...I said of course television works, I mean, that's not the issue....The cause of this revisionism is the amazing resilience of TV and TV advertising in spite of the rapid growth of online advertising.
Embassy officials say they want to restart the YES program, but only if they can ensure students won’t jump the program to claim safe haven somewhere else. Whilst the statement is utterly considerate in its own way, it does rule out (deliberately or not) a few clauses that are inevitably attached to this phenomenon. To cite an example, NATO forces are leaving Afghanistan without ensuring absolute stability in the region. Central incompetence, reinforced by endemic corruption and ingrained tribal mores, have fomented a growing sense of confusion and impotence within the country’s institutions. The impacts may be such that women in Afghanistan will be homebound, opium economy will clog the tunnels of other frames of development, education will see stagnancy and foreign exchanges like that of the YES program will be reduced to an annoyance meant for the unpatriotic.
Ever louder come the calls to ban those who do not think in the permitted way, they cannot join the police, they should not teach, they may not worship in our churches, and, as we have seen, those who fail to recite the mantra will lose their jobs. How does this differ from what went on behind the iron curtain, or what goes on now in the darkest and dirtiest dictatorships of the third world?
Since every particle in your body goes back to the first flaring forth of space and time, you're really as old as the universe. So when you are lobbying at your congressperson's office, or visiting your local utility, or testifying at a hearing on nuclear waste, or standing up to protect an old grove of redwoods, you are doing that not out of some personal whim, but in the full authority of your 15 billions years.
When we picked The Bug up from school later she was very happy to see us, of course. Her teacher said she had done wonderfully on her first day, and it was as if she had always been part of the class. On her second day The Bug gave Sweet Pea and I hugs and kisses and walked right into her classroom without looking back. Last week, on her third day of class, The Bug reminded me on the way to the classroom that she would be going in "without you, Mommy!" Just in case I forgot, I guess. ha ha! She missed her fourth day (last Thursday) because she was sick, but she is very much looking forward to going back tomorrow. We're taking snack for her class tomorrow, too, though I don't know how exciting that will be in the toddler room (probably not as exciting as it is for Sweet Pea in her class of older kids). I asked some of the other moms how many children are in there and they said that those kids hardly ever eat the snack, so it'd be fine if I just packed enough food for five kids. ha ha!
But a sweet little friend made it for me many years ago and now he's home with Jesus.
I'm glad I picked this up and I will go back and read the rest of the series for sure!
Antonio Banderas (Once upon a time in Mexico) is Zorro who is trying to retire to make his wife, Elena, played by the ultra-hot yet horribly soiled Catherine Zeta-Jones (Ocean’s Twelve) happy so they can spend time raising their son. However, Zorro is accidentally unmasked and his identity is notice by two American Agents who force Elena to divorce Alejandro and fall in love with a Spanish Lord who is coming over to live in America but actually has much darker intentions.
Total Loss: 17 pounds
given freely, encourage rights.
Disrupting businesses, firing workers, driving immigrants underground, and tearing apart families will only worsen our nation’s economic and immigration difficulties. Still more enforcement makes no sense without a sensible way for undocumented immigrant workers and families to gain legal status so they can work, pay taxes, and contribute to our economy. Our country needs real solutions to get all workers onto the tax rolls, restore the rule of law, and fix our broken immigration system. E-Verify will only make the situation worse for all Americans.
I would choose love. I would fight for it. I tell me children every day that I love them. I tell my husband every day that I love him, and I thank him when he tells me.
D Publishing may, at its discretion and at any time, terminate this Agreement for convenience on giving 30 days’ notice in writing to the Author. In effect, this is a life-of-copyright contract--for a self-publishing service. And, not content with exclusively locking up your primary publishing rights for an inordinately long period of time, the contract makes a sweeping claim on subsidiary rights as well:
1 cup cherry tomatoes
I am the LORD: I will speak, and the word that I shall speak shall come to pass; Ez. 12:25
Second, salt accumulation can be dangerous to a potted plant; in fact, letting a potted plant get too much salt accumulation is like leaving it out to dry in the desert. City water is very high in calcium, and may accumulate salts that will increase the pH (acidity) of the soil. A high pH means an unhealthy plant. You can avoid this by watering your plants with filtered or distilled water (i.e. water from a Brita filter). You can also apply an appropriate amount of a slow release fertilizer (Osmocote, for example), to ensure that salt accumulation will not be a problem.
MPKEN Blog (mpkenblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
I’ve been told that the average Russian would choose a nice car and a crappy apartment over the reverse any day of the week. I would not say that Russians are materialistic outright (okay, maybe) but rather they really really appreciate the aesthetic. That’s why I was only moderately surprised when the Russian Orthodox Easter rolled around this year and people went ape wild for beautiful food preparation, eccentric egg dying and very public Jesus lovin’. I was touched when my babushka offered (forced) me to help make (singlehandedly make) the “paskha”— literally an enormous pyramid of cream cheese, butter, sugar, and raisins. Well sure, I said! Since those are my favorite foods and I eat them all the time.
Heath Bell has also been moved to my bench until he shows progress. He’s not a drop candidate because the Marlins gave him too much money to give away his job, but he’s not worth anything in the trade market right now besides a throw in.
"If you can tell me what continent Iraq is in OR what kind of government they have, then yes, let's talk about how that war went"
Have a great weekend and don't forget to pamper the mama's in your life!
If you dig the first book, you will dig A Beautiful Evil even more. Powerful Athena versus an equally powerful god-killer. =) Hoho! Cat fight has never been this delicious to read.
Knowing all that has been said is now finally done with
Stuart’s other works include Halfhead, a near-future thriller, Sawbones, a novella aimed at adult emergent readers, and several short stories.
We have been doing a bit of maintenance on the hives which are here (with permission) now that we have a full bee-keeping suit and smoker. The colonies are strong, and the honey is a nice mixed blend - good news for us as we set up our first hives.
3. Do you think more people are reading in the Netherlands because of the dwarsligger’s convenience and portability?
Weekly wisdom: God's plan is the best plan!
It can be argued that the Cold War didn’t end, that the U.S. and NATO continue to wage it with wars and preparations for wars.
The leaders for Denver were: (SF) Danilo Gallinari scoring 19 and 4 rebounds, and (PG) Andre Miller who put up 12 points, with 8 boards and 7 assists. Game two is set for tomorrow, May 1st. at Staples with a 7:30 P.M. PST “tip”…
Making Your Mark
While it is definitely interesting at the beginning, in time it starts to be really irritating when one has to scroll all the way down to find that one particular application we look for. Additionally when we have more than 35 apps installed in Windows Phone, the list gets even longer as the alphabet letters indicating order appears and there is no way to turn it off.
So that was the first episode. This review won’t be going into this kind of detail for each episode, but it’s worth doing here because a lot of trends are started here. Firstly, Shu is really quite unlikeable – whiny, jerky, beta as fuck – and that’s how they introduce our protagonist. Secondly, Inori… really isn’t given any personality or any defining features other than looking kinda cute, singing and being half naked. Thirdly, and related, is that most if not all the females in Guilty Crown have a lot of fanservicey moments, sometimes pretty much existing for the sake of TnA. Fourthly, the predictability of it all! Nothing from this episode, aside from what the vial does, comes as much of a surprise, at times bordering on straight up clichéd. This is all very much early symptoms of the frankly atrocious writing this show has, but more on that as and when it comes.
From beautiful curls,
All in all, Jeffery wrote –in Jericho Solus- a book that showcased his inventiveness and also his talent; I found ‘Peter’ to be a well-rounded character and he held my interest; the all-important second-half of the novel let me down, though.
Of course you are not going to release your book like a movie, but setting a date, informing your public and then continuing to promote your book will drive sales.
of absolution echoed, shrinking me
Another touch we added this week, I am SOOO excited about, I wasn't going to share it until the end, but honestly I am too excited. I will just give you a small taste of it, because for me, this is a BIG deal.
So much for getting over last night I guess. I still can't get over the goal that won it in overtime for the 'Caps. I think it would have been much easier to take had Semin or Ovechkin just sniped a corner or something.
You’re just too good to be true
Expats are obsessed with this. We “splurged” on a Swedish air purifier for the kids’ room. The international schools use air purifiers and cancel recess and sports over 250. Our special Japanese “Totobobo” masks required a daytrip to the 1 store that carries them.
Ten years ago, the Red River watershed and its people were ravaged by a brutal civil war and the collapse of the Soviet agrarian system.Today trees, bees and livestock are raised again, thanks in part to a project supported by the World Bank that aims to help farmers—working in groups–to produce more and earn more while rehabilitating the ecosystem.
And just as I beamed benignly, not to say smugly, over them, out of the corner of my eye, I noticed a young lad, Tom I think his name was, stand up from his seat, unbuckle his belt and, without hindrance of shoes (heaven knows where they were), pull off his trousers. Unabashed, sporting a bright pink pair of boxers, he walked up to my desk: ‘My pantalong, Sir.’ The class erupted into a cacophony of screams of delight, screams of derision and wolf-whistles.
Today, I woke up late and was ready to resign myself to another training “oops”, when I remembered my motivational quote regarding interest v. commitment. So, I unrolled my yoga mat in the living room and turned on my ujjayi breath, letting myself be carried through the primary series with a really nice balance of strength and sweetness. After a quick shower, I was off to get a massage. Let me tell you, the woman who I get massages from is amazing. A-MAZE-ING. After the hour was up, I felt like I had left about 20 pounds of stress and dead weight on the floor beneath the massage table.
Having just yesterday bought (and read) Little Bo, this would be my recommendation, if anyone were looking for a great children's book. Here's a synopsis:
A Simple Plan (Produced by James Jacks and Adam Schroeder)
A blogger friend from Scotland agreed with us and sent us a link.
So what do you want your life to look like?
The Störtebeker kept up their good form, with a late bitterness that is unusual in bland Bavarian Pils. A very flavourful example and it's a crying shame I can't buy these in any shops here. Apart from their disasterous porter Störtebeker really are a fine bunch of geezers.
While more income then I care to admit still ends up at Cabela's and I purchase a lot of accessories and ammunition online these days, in addition to a couple of gun dealers in the county... our local chain-store retailers around here seem to be hanging onto the good ol' days.
Where Harry Potter was to be found;
Figure 1 The order structure matrix of Halloween (1978)
Now, because Rodriguez can no longer receive federal aid, she won’t be eligible for the part-time job she has on campus, which is paid through work study.
And the name in the script was changed to Dick Clark.
I chose Mawu today because she is also know as "Mother Earth" and Mother's Day is celebrated tomorrow. We all have mothers who birthed us or raised us, and mother figures in our lives, but Mother Earth is the creator of all life and therefore should be celebrated and embraced.
Walked in the side door, and realized there was a bar tot he left, as well as a bar to the right. The bar to the right looked bigger, so I grabbed a seat at the bar and ordered a glass of wine. They actually have a nice selection of wines. Nothing crazy or over the top, no big names, but a nice selection. I had a Napa cab, but for the life of me, I can't remember what it was, and their wine list online is not updated.
And then there were the taxes. Necessary evil. Sorta organized. But I'd likely be screwed if I were audited. Not because I was stealing (I only did that with office supplies), but because I was disorganized. This job took considerably longer than 20 minutes.
- 1 1/2 tbsp shoyu
(iv) Equally, the widely acclaimed but statistically unsustainable PACE Trial cannot be said to have been successful since, uniquely, ratings that would qualify a potential participant as sufficiently impaired to enter the trial were considered “within the normal range” when recorded on completion of the trial and no recovery statistics have been published by the Chief Principal Investigator, Professor Peter White (Comparison of adaptive pacing therapy, cognitive behaviour therapy, graded exercise therapy, and specialist medical care for chronic fatigue syndrome (PACE): a randomised trial. PD White et al. Lancet 2011 Mar 5;377(9768):823-36).
With nothing broken, nothing thrown
Lede The opening paragraph of a story
Lennon said from the court steps: "I'm morally innocent. I would do it again tomorrow, we will do it again, whenever we see them disrespecting our troops."
Art work which is accepted for the exhibition must be removed on the following times and dates:
THE author of this poem, speaking as one of those who have returned from the Babylonian Exile, depicts for us with great poetic skill and power a typical scene of the Captivity.
LR: Hamlet. I would never get bored of reading and interpreting it.
Trampolining is a great activity – not only for fitness but for the sheer enjoyment. There is no age limit on a trampoline, so it can be a beautiful way to enjoy some time in the garden as a family. If you aren’t the most active of adults you could start with this 10ft SkyHigh – giving you no excuse but to raise your heart rate and get the blood pumping.
That's what I like about a dog!!!
I’ve had a headache off and on since Saturday.
Earlier today, Jack White appeared on the German talk show De Harald Schmidt Show, performing two songs from his new solo album Blunderbuss. As on his Saturday Night Live appearance, White took the opportunity to showcase the two bands he’ll soon be touring with: One all-female, the other all-male. The all-female band backed White up on a feral rendition of “Sixteen Saltines,” while the all-male band held him down on Southern-rock ramble-stomp “Freedom At 21.” Watch White rip through both performances above.
A few non-Yoda Star Wars quotes are:
Another thing the NBA needs to do is make more consistent calls no matter who the player involved is. A little over a week ago, Lebron James set a hard screen on Bulls guard John Lucas III and no foul was called. Today Tyson Chandler set basically the exact screen on Lebron James but he was called for a flagrant foul. If the NBA doesn’t make consistent calls, how will the players know how to play?
- Karen Belgrad, Associate Editor
This is supposed to be about the sweet potato salad, but I really want to talk about the sandwich. Is it even okay to blog about a sandwich when I didn't bake the bread or cure my own charcuterie? Is that allowed?
Step forward Gareth Evans, (pictured) a prime candidate for the Big Dollop low life pond scum award for the month of March.
Here is a small list of some of my loyal supporters. Sorry, you haven't heard from me lately. I'll be adding more people soon to my blogs to check out list.
I have been happy- and I love the theme:
This germ descends on me just as my husband is starting his busy season, a time when our lives consist of lonely, gray days and long dark nights of winter. This work season is a tough time for our family. The boys constantly ask for him because they so crave his time and attention. It's particularly difficult for me because my best friend is buried in his work. He leaves the house as we are starting our days and arrives home at all hours of the evening. It's unpredictable and tiresome for everyone. We are constantly challenged to juggle my husband's intense work schedule and the typical things that life flings at us.
46. Humans are the only animals to produce emotional tears.
I owe some thank yous that are well over due! And they are all related to the SAME card! I apologize for my lack of acknowledging these folks. Tiffany Bauer at My Crafty World honored me by featuring this card of mine as one of her picks on her awesome blog back in February!! Here's the post.
Are you ready to build a portfolio of your work?? Check out “12 Essential Tools to Build Your Online Portfolio” – http://vandelaydesign.com/blog/marketing/tools-to-build-your-portfolio/.
“Fashion and Food…Why women dream of fashion – and men dream of food!”
They would fly mothers and children home, leaving Dads to drive their car back across the Pyrenees and across the whole of France to Northern port, St Malo. My dad, Aunt and Uncle looked forward to the Cliff and Eagle-filled two day trip with no kids on knees. But one thing stood in their way. My Mum.
A little while later, there was, what turned out to be a watershed in our relationship. I had been keen to see a production of "A Christmas Carol" at the local theatre. I thought it would be a great Christmas treat and when I mentioned it to her she seemed interested so I enquired about tickets and had some set aside, though I didn't pay for them.
2) Bicuspid Aortic Valve - This never presented as anything, really, and was only found incidently during another scheduled echo of his heart. Much like the rubber thingys in your garbage disposal, your heart has three leaflets that open and close when blood flows in an out. Owen has only two (well, ok, he HAS three, but two have fused together so really there is one big one and one little one). Also, like the rubber thingys in your drain, stuff can collect on them and cause problems, which leads me to...
A theory is like a big scientific “what if” with no evidence to back it up. If there were evidence to back it up, it wouldn’t be a “theory”; it would be a scientific fact. I’ve never felt a theory. A theory has never put any love in my heart, or put conviction on my heart, or worked a miracle. People have discarded God and miracles simply because they cannot be scientifically explained. Just because you cannot understand how a miracle happened, doesn’t mean it didn’t happen. In fact, the creation of this universe in itself was a miraculous event, and science cannot explain that either. It can only theorize; which means to basically guess.
The BFG was a pleasant surprise of a character. He is presented as a mysterious, black-cloaked individual, who looks - and is - exceptionally old. However, the BFG has a wonderful child-like wisdom that even at Sophie's age is subsiding.
Hi, Ho! Look at it go!
But let my favours hide thy mangled face;
Homeopathy is a healing method that is based on the theory that “like cures like.” The potency of a homeopathic remedy is indicated by an “x.” This indicates the number of times that one part of a remedy was diluted in nine parts of a dilutant.
Just on the other side of the reading bookcase, is a half bath. The door is shown closed here. Also in this picture, you can see the three stands of magazines and books I have available for cutting up and using in collage and altered art.
Communication is important – like sending an email if something gets cancelled so you don’t drive all the way somewhere for nothing!
JS – It’s taken me a wee while to get back to you, although I have been looking out for your thoughts on the McNeilage tape.
You best bring me my crepe, little man, or you'll be a slug come morning.
Schoolboys covers the under-16s currently training full time at London Colney, such as Chuba Akpom and Jack Jebb.
The M.T.A. is having math problems, you know the kind where things don't add up. If they have their way, thousands of school kids will be in the same position.
Firstly, I don't think it is right when people tell others what to do or how to behave. Unless they are their bosses or parents. Or when the person's action directly affects them.
Well there's your problem - Do, or Do Not. There is no try .
if you guys in Tokyo, you should come up!
Because of this, many truly saved individuals doubt their salvation because they cannot forgive another.
Exercising decreases the stress hormone cortisol and releases endorphins. This hormone, in conjunction with adrenaline, seratonin and dopamine, generates a feel-good attitude to help you take on the world. Cardiovascular and aerobic exercises release the most endorphins of all workouts. So head on over to that Zumba class you’ve been wanting to try (Tuesday and Thursday at 6:45)!
All words have a price
"You stupid boy. Do you realise that as a result five million ballot papers went out without our party's name on them? That you cost us two seats in the Assembly?"
Yakuza have seized by police. Ken look at carefully his the picture.
1 miss
He went for surgery and he’ll be out for a very very long time. AW the Alchemist has confirmed that Fabianski’s season is over. Thank goodness that Almunia didn’t leave for any Spanish side. Wojciech “Szszsz” Szczesny will step up like Atletico’s De Gea and will make the number 1 his own.
About 50,000 Israeli tourists pass through South America every year on vacation, said Floyd, a Christian worker there with his wife Jane*.
Or 2) I'll get seduced by a markdown and buy something, only to get it home and realize that I still spent a boatload of money and, even with the 30 or 50% reduction, it was way overpriced, leaving me feel gipped. It's hard, too, coming from NYC where everything is drastically reduced all year long. Les soldes in Paris just don't have the same value.
-go one year without driving a car
just thought i would share some styling options for floral pants. with printed and patterned bottoms popping up all over the place, what better time to style! i decided to use the anthropologie floral sateen slims. i absolutely love this floral pattern! (can you tell i have a serious crush?)
Pork Roast (2.5-3lbs) or Tenderloin
The festival is awesome - although the pretzel necklaces & multi-coloured beads leave me a bit confused - it’s busy but not cramped, there are water stations everywhere, there’s a great buzz about it and I do quite like the ounce servings you get - sometimes I do crave a bit more of the beers that I really take a liking to, but it does also mean you don’t procrastinate in one place and it encourages you to try as many different ones as possible.
Capt. Terence S. Hatton, 41, New York, N.Y.
Web site: www.digitalrapids.com
GEPL Says : HOLD
A tweet appeared with me from @vadimutkin stating this:
While I woke up too early (6) it was ok. I got up and made myself some coffee. I sat here on the couch and was soon followed by my 10 year old son & then thejerseyshoredad. I then took my coffee & my kindle and went back to bed.
We do everything together
Justice for comrade Mathafeni! Investigate the police for murder!
With all of this, you may think that Linden, the husband, is the villain of the story. I can surely tell you that he's not. He's a lot more understanding and caring than you may believe within the first few chapters. Actually, I grew quite fond of him once I learned more about him and I think that most readers will, too.
- Attempts to disguise the inconvenient truth of the Medieval Warm Period (MWP)
I haven’t flown a kite in a few years. I’d like to.
I love the idea of ‘organic’ beauty products, and my love for the products developed pretty damn quickly having used Melvitas Body Scrub. I may be converting to the world of organic… Following its earthy connotations the scent was very warming with hints of apricot and it just smelt, well, friendly! Tiny grainy particles made it a more gentle scrub – but with the same results as slightly more harsher and grainier scrubs like Molton Brown. Less oily, it didn’t leave any residue, which is perfect if you have sensitive skin and it isn’t drying. There really isn’t much to say about this product, it’s simple, it works and it’s gentle on your skin. It’s heaven in a body scrub.
my
“Fascinating, isn’t it?” he said and I noticed that he was studying it too.
Hi all, and it was an odd summer. A family emergency meant I never made it to Knaresborough to tell those stories after all, and had a quiet time over the holidays.
Swede: Damn, hell, you say won it?
It starts with a death…
4. Pilgrims’ Way - Dark Eyed Molly/Snowy Monday
"You're not fooling anyone," says D.
He said he believes that even more media practitioners had been verbally abused that day, although it has yet to be documented.
How did you do that?
Assistant Researcher Claudia Nir
Angelica steps from the tall grass and clasps my hand in hers, turning, we begin again to walk up the trail. I holler back to Jack, "Are you coming Jack? I found Toby, let's go..." I faintly hear Jack respond, "I'm coming, just wait tho, I found an ouwglass and another..." Toby trots up behind and to my right, tail still swishing, she looks up at me with her big brown eyes, then trots on ahead. From behind me I hear Jack ask, "Are you sure she didn't bring the gremlins with her?" coughing at the end of his question. I answer back, "No Jack, no gremlins with her." As we continue to walk up the trail, I talk with Angelica about everything... school, my classes, the other kids, and how it seems like forever since I saw her last, even though it was just yesterday afternoon when Toby and her met us outside the schoolyard and we all walked home together through the forest. As we walked and talked, I could hear the scuffle of Jack's shoes through the leaves and dirt of the trail behind us, a periodic cough and the faint tinkling splash of a rock or stick landing in the creek. Toby was still darting back to where Jack was behind us, then running through the grass and trees, coming back out to the trail ahead, checking and running back to me.
It will be fun to see the before and after. The treatment plan is 20 months with jaw surgery after 12 months.
The Canadian though could have been intentionally flaunting this fact of neutral space, and the Arab not wanting to be ‘outdone’ in right of action in space, decided to go all fisticuffs on the Canadian. Still wrong when provoked though wrong to provoke – if intentionally kissing, the first non-physical punch was thrown by the Canadian. If the Canadian was minding his own business and incidentally was kissing, the Arab is in the wrong, doubly so for using physical force.
Now I am not sure what to do. The Orange kids are all eager for the next practice, or they were, and I am thinking I need to do something else because I should have outgrown this kind of thing before those kids were even born.
After Ferdinand died, Emperor Franz Joseph designated his grandnephew, Karl, as heir. Emperor Karl reigned for two years, but went into exile with the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian empire in 1918. It was all so long ago – except that, amazingly, we are only two steps away. Karl’s heir, Crown Prince Otto, 98, is still alive, though he has not appeared in public for nearly two decades.
As mentioned before, my most challenging times are those airport delay situations and similar. I really hate not being in control of what I am doing and when. I know…doesn’t sound like the best candidate for present moment living. I have, though, gotten better. So much better in fact, that not too long ago, I received an email from an airline carrier apologizing for inconveniencing me. I didn’t have a clue what they were talking about. Although, if they had delayed me overnight or something—I most certainly would have known.
Matthew 6:14-15 For if you forgive men their offenses, your heavenly Father will forgive you also; But if you do not forgive men their offenses, neither will your Father forgive your offenses.
Today Josh is working on a literature review, I'm doing laundry to prepare for real life tomorrow, KayTar is resting, and BubTar is watching a lot of Doctor Who. Later in the day we are going to put up the tree and Josh is going to make Pioneer Woman's meatloaf tonight. Then it will be back to reality, bright and early tomorrow morning. AGH!!
On January 12 every year, instead of snow falling from the sky in Snowpoint city, you will see some sparkles, these sparkles are alleged architecture dust.
2. Chant the “Invocation to Broccoli” (in German or Greek, if at all possible).
Sharmishtha Basu
So…Do you like these????? Didn’t my “kitty” do an AWESOME JOB!!!! I sure hope you like them…
Heading back up the trail to Natasha's house, we picked dandelion greens. Back at home base, she cooked the gathered items in olive oil and garlic and along with her homemade soup from mostly last season's harvest, we had a feast, followed by a viewing of Natasha's latest paintings. What an an amazing and prolific artist she is.
Thanks for the post, Vernon Lowe
Living here compels me to be a better person, whether that means being sure to experience as much awesomeness as possible, living in harmony with both planet and people, or being creative and bold and stupendous to the fullest extent of my ability.
The first time I saw a lobster was the time I was five. My family had returned for a visit to the small Newfoundland island where my parents were born and raised, and for a couple of hours my father and I had escaped to the beach for French fries sodden with malt vinegar, and bottles of Orange Crush. The fishing boats had come in while we sat on the beach stones, eating, and soon the fishermen started unloading their catch.
Olette: Well, we heard a story and there was a puppet, and a girl cried. I guess she was scared of the puppet. And I played with Matthew a lot, and he actually talked to me, can you believe it?! (Matthew is Olette's very, very shy 3rd-or-4th cousin, who happens to be in her class.) And we had breakfast in the cafeteria, and it was pancakes, and it came with a little container of syrup and I dipped my pancakes in there. And then I forgot my lunchbox in my backpack, so I had to eat cafeteria lunch, but it was pizza and salad and it was good, except I didn't eat the salad. I don't like salad. But there was pears for dessert and they were yummmmmy! And at nap time, I laid my towel on my cot. You know another girl brought her blanket? But the rest of us had towels. And I fell asleep, and it was snack time when I woke up. And we had PE in the gym and it was fun, but it was funner when we played on the playground. There's a slide and a tunnel! And when we walk in the hallway, there's a rope. And we all hold on to the rope.
Bill says I am going to die with a to-do list that’s incomplete. I agree there is NO WAY I can do or be all things I want to on any given day.
I showed this photo of The Abbotsford in a previous article on closed pubs in Wirral. There had been rumours that it was to be turned into a supermarket. Well if you look below you'll see that it has now gone forever the victim of one of those mysterious fires that break out without warning in empty buildings. The local council stepped in to order demolition on safety grounds.
You see, I was very excited about having this little party because it was not only our first Christmas together and with more people, but really it was the first time we had people over for dinner, our first "entreteinment party" since we got married and live together.
subUrbia (Eric Bogosian)
Every volition and thought of man is inscribed on his brain; for volition and thought have their beginnings in the brain, thence they are conveyed to the bodily members, wherein they terminate. Whatever, therefore, is in the mind is in the brain, and from the brain in the body according to the order of its parts. So a man writes his life in his physique, and thus the angels discover his autobiography in his structure.
You'd think that since I have a teaching degree (and used it to teach 8th grade English before coming home to teach my own kids) that I'd be a very organized and planned-ahead sort of person. After all, I paid money to be trained to write up lesson plans and did it professionally for three years.
UK Publishers: EMI Music Publishing / Hot Head Music
Seven years ago Colton Burpo, nearly four years old, was hospitalized with a burst appendix (an unfortunate malady resulting from a huge design mistake by the omnibenevolent Creator). The rest of the story is familiar:
Stripy the blue-tongue likes to crunch on snails…and my kids delight on scouring the garden for them. One day my daughter decided to keep her catch of snails warm for him by keeping the box of snails under her pillow!! ....visitors to our house will be excitedly invited to watch the lizard’s party trick of snail crushing, sucking and swallowing….
Perhaps the largest undertaking by the Allen Bird Club was the establishment of the Fannie Stebbins Wildlife Refuge in Longmeadow, MA. In 1951, the club selected 175 acres in Longmeadow along the Connecticut River in the area known as “the flats” and voted to name the sanctuary after one of its founders, Fannie Adele Stebbins, who had died in 1949. The refuge is an area of swamps and forests along the Connecticut River that contains important breeding habitat for many different birds including wood ducks and bald eagles. Today, the Sanctuary, at the corner of Bark Haul and Pondside Roads in Longmeadow, contains many more acres and is one of the last remaining floodplain forests along the Connecticut River in Massachusetts. It has been designated a National Natural Landmark and an Important Bird Area.
5. Share the author and title, too, so other TT participants can add it to their TBR lists if they like your teaser.
Russell DW, Cameron DJ, Lockey RF, Behnke RH, Sinnott JT, Ganguly R. Influenza vaccination acceptance among health care professionals. Vaccine 1991; 9: 691-692.
The set-pieces are quite spectacular: a hundred blossoms really do bloom in Other-garden - and multiply exponentially; the mouse circus sequence is a tour-de-force of Busby Berkeley-ish exuberance and the scenes towards the end when the Evil Mother's powers are challenged and her elaborate traps demolished are visually stunning.
Tallapoosa Facts... it has about 3200 people
UW Environmental Management Keystone Symposium
I was also warned about the Lady Banks rose from a friendly cashier at Lowe's..... It's a pretty little Pom..Pom like yellow rose with double blooms... for some reason I was not able to remove the glare to get a clearer photo... The cashier explained that her sister-in-law purchased one years ago and now its tall and prolific.... she was smiling when she said it.... I took that as a good sign...Lol!
In interview Carucci states that she stayed away from family photography whilst at art school and tried to take photographs that were mysterious, however she was drawn to the topics of intimacy, relationship and closeness which directed her back to her family. She preferred the emotional involvement that comes with taking photographs of real people and their stories.
The nature of the siege also gets a few winks but not a ton of devoted efforts. For example, while there are some siege weapons brought into play both for offense and defense, it's more the nature of man against man that takes the spotlight. In terms of healing, no dedicated doctors here. Burn those wounds closed or choke off the blood flow and fight on. There is an innovative use of pigs where the pig fat burns so quickly and so hot that it essentially acts as a cannon being fired straight upward and that destroys a large chunk of the castle but that required some sapping, some digging under the castle proper to use.
Meanwhile, the other day my Father in law said this:
On June 20, 2009 the say after Mya's first birthday party I received my first picture with Sophia's name. Since then I have collected over 40 different pictures with Sophia's name written in various places in the world. I see all of these beautiful pictures as a way to take the place of the pictures I will never of Sophia. Sophia's has changed my life in so many ways and I thank her for that.
First, annular 2 of "Which Sucks Less." This week: PS3 "fat" vs. PS3 Slim. We afresh move on to mostly chat aback it was a apathetic annual week. Apologetic I'm so backward in announcement this, but action has been interfering with my blogging time again. I'll be announcement some new exhausted blogs soon, but for now, adore The guys from Bold Nutz (plus me)!
Listening now, still I hear the palm trees
Cause the earth rocks my cradle tonight and lulls me with sweet words
‘‘(1) LIMITATION.—The Federal Government may use cyber threat information shared with the Federal Government in accordance with subsection (b) for any lawful purpose only if—
Glory that from her was kept
On the plus side, E-Book sales are up 3% on last year (although in a depressed market), in value terms it has risen 328% in four years, but this is to be expected, as the numbers of E-Readers out there has increased significantly since 2007.
See?!
Katie’s grandma and her mother used to be my pets, too. I saw her evolve from being a kitten to being a mother herself up close. As I mentioned earlier, coming home will never be the same again without her warm welcome. From the start, I know that my pet’s situation is precarious. I know she’ll most likely die, but seeing her helplessly moaning because of pain is totally unbearable for me. She may have died in the end, but at least, I know I did what I can to try to save her.
Married: 8/29/1976
It was hard to remove the mold lines, and I didn't manage to remove them all. When they made this figure the molds didn't fit right in my opinion. I started to paint him with a white undercoat, and then a layer of GW Gryphonne Sepia wash. This I always do when I have to paint some parts white. I do that with a drybrush, so the deeper parts have some shade. You can also do that with a grey wash, like I did on the horse. Further colors I used are red, blue, black antracite, tar black and gold (and some others, I think :-D).
"To 1848 the 'fantastic' and what later becomes 'genre' generally is gaining force and intensity as it adapts certain techniques of realism and mimesis.
Figueredo.
If at first you don’t get a bunch of followers, don’t fret. It will take some time and some work on your part but the rewards will pay off with repeat customers, new customers, and a new look at your business from the eyes of your customers.
Gmail
This apparently unfinished drawing shows the east end of Derby Cathedral on the extreme right hand side which is all that now remains of the scene. It was copied by George Bailey (1832-1925) and published as a postcard by Richard Keene, Junior of Derby in 1905. In 1768 Burdett left Derby for Liverpool so as to avoid his creditors, before settling permanently in the Margraviate of Baden in 1774.
Tupper nodded and wheedled, “I could go on ahead… just in case.”
But that's not really the kind of love that Jesus expects of us. That's human love, pagan love, easy love. It's self-serving and comfortable, and I'm super good at it.
Really, my head hurts just thinking about it. And I mean that in the most non-complainy way possible because having a job that keeps you busy and getting to travel to awesome places are two really good problems to have.
19.Ukraine 15
Thurs (yoga) Burrito leftovers
“After the death of her two sisters, thirteen-year-old Hattie and her family plan for a fresh start. They sell their farm in Missouri and journey along the Oregon Trail toward Oregon City. At first the adventure is exciting, but as the days, weeks, and months pass, Hattie realizes what a dangerous trip it is. As they cross the prairies, news of the fate of the Donner party reaches them, and death, disease, weather, and the terrain take a terrible toll on their traveling party. The Campbells lose neighbors and friends until they almost cannot bear to continue. Yet Hattie and her family must persevere or risk the same misfortune. Hattie`s diary chronicles the hardships of such a harrowing journey, but also captures the friendships and celebrations of life that keep hope alive.”
Creative romance takes a lot of thought and feels so much more loving.
There are a few remaining of the once 180 towers, but these two are positioned side by side and they’re amazingly constructed. One has been cut short because it leaned at suck a severe angel they were afraid that it would fall over. The other tower is still at it’s original height, and even just seeing them you realize what an amazing feat it was between the 12th-13th centuries.
Somewhat shaken and embarrassed about what I was putting H. through, I kept researching more how-to’s and after three weeks of varied results, I had a smiling partner across the table and a contented cat under the table.
Lanigan gave up on the nice guy act, “Look, buddy, like I said … you got two choices. If you’re going to try to make trouble, I’ll offer you a third choice. We’ll march you and your men over against that cut bank and put you out of your misery.”
I still have a cell phone two versions earlier than the razor. Yea, it flips open, but not in the hip-flip-phone-kind-of way. I don’t own an iPod, or even a decent pair of headphones. I don’t have a Twitter account. Blogging is probably the most technologically-advanced thing I do all day (Sorry, it’s been a while. Don’t you hate when all of your posts have to contain apologies?), and it took me years to start a blog. I was the pitiful classmate always waiting for a tech-savior during glitches in my PowerPoint presentation.
After skating, we all stopped at McDonalds on the way home and had Sundaes. Chocolate ones and strawberry ones and caramel ones and plain ones. They were SUPER yummy! We eventually got back home, dropped Leo off, and I sat down to do my weekly work, and CPT cooked some soup for everyone. The kids did their homework (Grammie and Grandpa Harty helped), then we watched a Civil War DVD with CPT. After my store was loaded, I snuggled next to CPT on the couch and took a nap.
Weakness: A team with the Delta Devils’ talent should be able to make up for it by throwing waves of players at its opponent. Well, all Mississippi Valley St can give you is about seven players. Depth is a real issue for this squad and if it’s fortunate enough to play a No. 1 seed, it’ll be the nail in the coffin.
Ditto: channel
‘It’s amazing how many friends I’ve got that I’ve never met! It’s quite flattering; it’s nice that people like me.
"Starting my freshman year at Emma Willard, being very thin assumed dominance over good hair in the hierarchy of what really mattered...Carol Bentley...from Toledo, Ohio,entered Emma Willard and became my best friend...Carol joined me in having major body-image issues. It was she who introduced me to bingeing and purging, what we now know as bulimia. She said the idea came to her in a class on the history of the Roman Empire. She read that the Romans would gorge themselves on food during orgiastic feasts and then put their fingers down their throats to make themselves throw it all back up and start over again. The idea of being able to eat the most fattening foods and never having to pay the consequences was very appealing.
Melissa W: What is your favorite line, passage, chapter from this book?
3) Is the Council Tax particularly high?
On the same day as the release of the Scottish data, Tesco reported their (much trialled) weaker figures and formally announced their fightback. The Tesco slowdown (which as I have been saying for a while, began for me according to the market share figures, in 2007) has accelerated a little and Philip Clarke has stepped in and put his reputation on the line. Profits in the UK were down (though even with the US, international was up) and the response seems to be reduced capital expenditure (perhaps recognising that large stores may have been overdone and the UK may be over-stored in that regard), more staff to provide better in-store service and the running of the stores “less hot” i.e. better merchandised and stocked.
The gift that starts my home with happiness, starts with my Hope Chest.
4. Sure, name changes seems like small fry, and like I said, I don't see this legislation passing. I do think, however, it deserves a fair hearing, and I don't think we should pass off the naming process as described by Jeffries as irrelevant, inevitable, or informal. He's talking explicitly about top-down, developer-driven name changes that have made and can still make specific, significant impacts on communities. His district is one in which gentrification is a major issue, and while the Assemblyman doubtless knows he can't stop change, he also knows that there are, both historically and currently, lots of ways to frame, direct, and channel change so it serves certain interest groups and greater/lesser numbers of people in certain ways. I've got no doubt that brokers fought zoning laws, rent control, and community boards as unenforceable and needless government encroachments too (hell, they still do). That doesn't mean they've turned out that way.
Now china stays clean behind the glass doors and the capacious lower cupboard stores my heavy crockery. There is a bread slide, a useful pull-out shelf. I would love to know the history of this furniture, what items formerly sat on the shelves and what sort of dwelling it came from.
I’ve also realized I need to buy clothes. I keep putting it off thinking I will lose weight and that will be my reward. In the meantime every morning looking at my closet I am confronted with all these clothes that just don’t fit. That’s depressing too. I need to get myself clothes that fit and not consider it a reward. The more I look at clothes that don’t fit the more unhappy and despondent I become.
I am a die-hard cat-lover. We share our home with a few, but I am incapable of ignoring an animal in pain. I do not plan on changing this about myself.
Then would it noticed with any greater intensity
Don’t try to be paying extra on other items, contributing to retirement, saving for college. You end up not doing any one thing well.
You'd never even know that an election is happening minus the fact that the mairie (neighborhood town hall type places) were a bit more hopping than usual. Cut to America where all we hear about on NPR is the election. All we read about is the election, blah blah blah and we still have how many more months to go? How much money will be wasted on those stupid campaigns? Minus the lack of propaganda craziness here, the election is still a huge deal in France and with the top two winners tonight being Sarkozy and Hollande, it will be very interesting to see who wins out during the final round in two Sundays.
.....when I'm ill, he'll get out of bed in the middle of the night just to get me a glass of water
Man: Hey, watch your step, boy!
for tightrope walker Nik Wallenda to cross
Each will be available as a 4oz pour for $3. Note: many of the more rare/special brews might go fast so be sure to come early!
To make her unique for a really stunning and sweet starting of the ceremony, adorn an elegant flower girl dress can also be fun to create the appearance that not like others. It is easy to find accessories of all sorts for little girl' s dresses, such as bows, ribbons, sashes, jewelry, gloves, flowers, etc. However, remember she is a cute child and adorn her with gaudy accessories will give her mature look instead of innocent. Just let her remain soft and supple, which is her greatest asset.
The excitement of the hunt is building and we are within fingers reach of Boulevard’s Chocolate Ale. I visited a local store this weekend and there were over 7 pages filled with people on “The List”. What is your back up plan if you fail to land a coveted bottle of Chocolate Ale? Never fear FatCat is here for your plan B…and C…and D…you get the picture.
$149
As a people we have been worn down and weakened to the point where we have allowed others who hate us to come amongst and some now mingle amongst those who rule us and have been granted positions of power. Black and Asian racists have become journalists, commentators, politicians and lawyers, they sit in parliament, on Quangos, governmental bodies within our courts, our education system, within the plethora of so called human rights organisations or as political agitators. They have their own agendas, and I challenge you to point to any who work for the well being of the indigenous white population.
DCS Williams replied he had “not prior to the arrests” and afterwards he had worked “through their solicitors”.
ASIA GLOBAL RANK
But ignoring that, what makes quantum = unevolvable? Frank merely says:
HOME PAGE text
My little crank radio that has been using the same set of rechargable batteries, actually on the same charge from last spring, if I remember correctly is very power efficient. The radio does have a hand crank, but that is a lot of cranking every 5 min or so, or 1 set of batteries, per every 2 years. It can also bring in the weather networks.
If you haven't yet purchased "In search Of Stoney Jackson" please get on that, but don't fret if you have no idea what your in store for with the purchase cause' the same good people at Stones Throw have supplied to the internetz a new podcast (their 55th to be exact) that cycles through a bunch of Strong Arm Steady and Madlib solo joints. Yes, it's like a blind date mixtape MP3 mix if you somehow are alien to both acts. For all of us that are up on our Lord Quas and Steady Gang material be aware this mix does have an exclusive or two, or three....
It was really really hard for me to come up with a favorite song. I love Led Zeppelin - almost every one of their songs. Thank You has to be one of my favorites - it almost became the subject of this post. However, after thinking and thinking and waiting until the last minute, I had to pick Beautiful Day by U2. This is about a man who loses his material things and feels better because he realizes the value of what he has. There are many reasons I chose this song, and you have many blogs to get through today, so I'll leave with you with video and the words. Maybe you'll have a beautiful day today too!
The last time I saw him functioning well and full of life was in spring 2006, when he visited the US with my grandma. One highlight of the visit was taking a walk with him in Central Park. Before leaving for the walk I was asked to look after him, to make sure he didn't fall (he'd fallen a few times before, from what we came to realize were most likely mini-strokes that had made him 'blank' for a moment). He chuckled at the suggestion that anyone needed to look after him; he was good-humored, independent, and wasn't prone to worrying. We had a very good walk that day. We went at a brisk pace up and down twisty paths in the Ramble, and by the lake too. We talked about many things, from world affairs to guys to places we wanted to see. It was just the two of us for those few hours.
I'm not done seeing all the Bead Soup. That may take a little while longer. I am, however, done with my Google Reader. I've been neglecting it for the past couple of weeks and I was up to over 800 unread posts. I have been sitting in this chair for about three hours and I finally got through them all! So excited! This week's goal is to finish looking at the rest of the Bead Soup.
4. In the early 20th century, the Turks committed genocide against Armenians. The Turks still don't admit this, but no one else doubts it. Hitler took it as proof that extermination of a people is something history doesn't long remember.
And finally this delightful detail is from a 1950s silk tourist scarf from the Bahamas. £1.
*Belly button in or out?: Still in, but I don't have a deep belly button, so it will poke out soon!
Characters: Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond, Rory Williams, Daniel Jackson, Jack O’Neill, Teal’c, Sam Carter
Bacardi 8 year Rum, Del Maguey Vida Mezcal, cayenne, pineapple, Gomme
“The business plan is really just a description of what that individual’s vision is,” says Walker, explaining why the person who holds that vision is more relevant and important to a funder than a few Excel models. Once the fellows are accepted into the program, they earn a “recoverable grant” of up to $90,000 over two years, in addition to access to the Echoing Green alumni network, its 100-person advisory board, leadership development opportunities and one-on-one counseling. Each “class” develops the relationships often seen in a business school class, and Walker says the alumni continue to support each other well beyond the fellowship. The hope is that, at the end of two years, the fellows will be at a point in the startup journey where they can prove their worth to investors in order to secure scaling capital to take the project to the next level.
Play room's don't have to be all play and no work! In fact, many of my musts for a play room, aren't just for play, but also for reading, learning and being creative! To tuck away the massive loads of books, yet make them super accessible whenever the kiddos are looking for some eye candy, I find that large canvas bins work pretty perfectly:
I left in a normal green plane from Manchester again on Friday morning and returned back home to Dublin. There'll be no travelling for two full weeks and I'm so very excited. It'll take a few days to get used to cooking dinner again and remembering to keep the fridge stocked, but so far so good...
A trend of online paywalls could exacerbate this problem.
There is a nice poetry in the Sanskrit that I cannot translate into English. Sūta names Kṛṣṇa “Viṣṇu” and Arjuna “Jiṣṇu” – creating a wonderful rhyme. Arjuna has the name Jiṣṇu because he was an ever-victorious warrior.
Mrs Perez fell pregnant shortly after giving birth to triplets – two girls and a boy – on November 4 last year. She and her husband already have a four-year-old boy.
It's a fascinating room with a real air of calmness about it. Originally built to keep the sailors and fishermen out of the pub, it now serves as a small museum to remember many of them. You can still go there to quietly read, but I think I'd prefer to knit and listen to the sea.
Having spent much time and effort on the content and layout of your CV, it is important to check it. Errors simply give an excuse for a recruiter to put it immediately on the reject pile. You owe it to yourself to avoid that.
Morris, on his own footing, has his argument. He won 250 games which is quite a lot -- beginning in 1901 only two eligible pitchers (Jim Kaat and Tommy John) have more wins and are not in the Hall of Fame. Morris did, at different times in his career, lead the league in wins, strikeouts, complete games, innings pitched and starts. He threw that incredible Game 7. He was a bulldog of a pitcher in an era where most good and great pitchers burned hot and then faded. Dave Stieb burned out. Dwight Gooden burned out. Fernando Valenzuela burned out. Ron Guidry burned out. At their heights, they were all better pitchers than Morris at his height, I think, but Morris was indestructible and he kept going.
Mayawati, the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh and unquestionably the most popular living Dalit leader of India is at the center of a controversy. She is building immense statues to Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar, Manyavar Kanshi Ram and to herself and in the process generating much resentment among the English-speaking public as well as her political adversaries.
Don`t forget to join in with us at St Lukes . You`ve a whole month to get your entries in so there`s no pressure. Please visit the other DT members too and check out their awesome creations
I think I will do a lot of traveling this summer. I can't bear to be shut into my own house like that. I can't bear it.
a bologna sandwich on white bread and a chicken burger on a grilled Portobello mushroom cap for lunch; and
To view this clip visit:
“I don’t think it’ll happen, Comiket has a lot of prestige for these circles.”
What elements are described here?
As is common practice, they ran blood cultures last night to see if perhaps he caught some sort of bug and was fighting something. Fevers at this point can be caused by just about anything, including the chemo or even the antibiotics he's receiving. We got the results back a little while ago, and it did show that he had picked up something. So, here's the current status...
“But why now, Chief? You’ve been here for six months and now you’re curious about him all of the sudden, why?”
The challenge will be in the coming weeks to not seem ‘panicked’ by the small drop in numbers, to consolidate the enjoyment of the kids we still have, and ensure that the current re-orienting of numbers towards the little ones doesn’t result in the middles or big kids feeling left out or like its uncool. Luckily, my co-leader particularly likes working with the older kids, so it should suit her to really focus on them, and give them heaps of attention.
Thailand’s military culture has always allowed for the use of force when opposition calls out, and has been seen multiple times over the past three or four decades with violent crackdowns against its own people during mass demonstrations, whether peaceful or not. If strength and force can be used against their own people, it is not a far cry to pushing out those who may not culturally belong in Thailand; those who create a heavy burden on the country and who originally were meant only to be temporary residents but have now been forced to create permanent settlements. (For more about Thai military crackdowns through an anthropological lens, an excellent book is Funeral Casino: Meditation, Massacre, and Exchange with the Dead in Thailand by Alan Klima).
Anger comes when your perception tells you things shouldn’t have been that way! Change your perception, you will control your anger. Monir El Shazly
now's your turn to link up, you crazy ladies!
- 1tbsp olive juice
So many thanks to Pinterest I tried some new activities with my kids this year that I hope to continue next year. So I made the earth cupcakes ( split white cake batter in half, add blue and green food coloring and then alternate pouring into the cupcake trays with a spoon). They were very yummy! The only problem I ran into was the humidity in my classroom today actually caused the red hearts I iced on top to literally melt away! So by the time the kids got them it looked like something died on top. I won't do this part next year. Definitely a learn by doing experience!
I completely understand when my boys reach school age they won't be invited to every party
But in the late 16th century, English philosopher and scientist Sir
Here's the next couple of months worth of drawings for the upcoming Daily Life Calendar. I started writing in the (very rough) accompanying text in the sidebars of the drawings too. Sometimes it's hard to see where I'm going before I get there, Ha-ha-ha!
The more you do this, the easier it shall be for you to remember not only that you have great Love inside of you, but that youaregreat Love.
Tübingen. A super-small city in the south of Germany with traditional frame houses and a strong local dialect. You would have never ever guessed it, but Tübingen is a cluster of squats, a squatter´s home base. In some parts of the city you can have a walk with a local who will point out every minute to you that this house was squatted, and this house there as well … and, oh, this house actually, too … and so on.
If the ‘Teapublican’ push to disenfranchise American voters, especially those who have been voting all of their lives (until now), isn’t evidence enough that those who accuse others of voter fraud are only telling on themselves … what is?
Consider this. What gives anyone the right to tell another person not only WHO to vote for but HOW they should make that decision? Who says there is a right and a wrong way to make a decision about how to cast your ballot in an election? Apparently, some candidates, when questioned about vote splitting, are claiming that strategic voting is wrong.
Now, people watching these awards were shocked, disgusted, appalled, and horrified. However, many people thought that it’d be great to imitate the interruption. And this is how you make your very own Kanye interruption.
James, a Catholic, was never a particularly popular king, but the people were prepared to tolerate him so long as his Protestant daughters remained his sole heirs. When his wife, Mary of Modena, unexpectedly gave birth to a son in 1687, the country collectively yelled: “Hell, no!” and invited James’s son-in-law, William of Orange (husband of his daughter, Mary) to become king instead. William was quite open to the idea of invading England and becoming its king, and he arrived on November 5. James, the son of Charles I, wasn’t about to let his head end up in a basket, and he attempted to escape on December 11. The escape attempt failed, but William kindly looked the other way when James tried again later that same month. William and Mary were declared king and queen on February 13, 1689.
But strangely, it only made him feel sadder,
Meanwhile, our children are still mis-educated and failing to meet even the most basic measures of educational success. And, for those 51% who are having difficulty within the system, there are programs in place to help them.
Legal context
limping blind, with his teeth bared,
The nurse smiled broadly. Oh, that’s a great answer, I could see her thinking; it’s just like the one the consultant gave during his role-playing exercise. She scribbled it into her notes.
Slowly the desert regions gave way to more of a woodland zone, and we decided to follow a road sign that read simply "Meteorite". Here is a photo of this bizarre block of extra terrestrial matter, which fell to earth many years ago, implanted itself in Namibian soil, and has been left there ever since, for people to be intrigued by!
Follow-up with celebratory drinks at her hotel (once she has changed back, of course).
Five year old D-boy opened his box only long enough to pull out the directions. Then he proceeded to study them meticulously, before he touched a single Lego! He even showed me the illustration that informed him not to open all of the little bags of pieces at once.
names they came with (like the stuff we get from Cane-iac.com) or they have really basic names (the "small hairbrush" or the "wood discipline paddle" are two good examples of that). Do have a couple we came up with though. One is 'The Ugly Stick' which is shaped a lot like a paint stirrer, but much-much thicker and heavier. It has glitter and what
Lysa writes: “When it comes to healthy eating, most people try to fix their how-to first. What’s missing is the want-to. Fixing our want-to provides the foundation that enables us to make lasting changes. What is creating the most desperation in our healthy eating journey? That’s what we need to fix first.”
Who will reach the Premier League trophy this season? that question always appears in everyone’s mind who watched the match between City versus United at the Etihad Stadium this morning. Unfortunately, I couldn’t watch it because I had to go to school 3 or 4 hours later. Yeah, in Indonesia the match began at 1.45 a.m. this morning.
I received a few parcels this past weekend
me – fruit is – either pride or self pity
The man who said the world was going to end appeared at his front door in Alameda a day later, very much alive but not so well.
Lol. I have no idea! I’m always on the verge of sharing way too much about myself. Oh! I don’t think I’ve told you how many times I saw Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix in the theaters. (15) Funny thing, that’s my least favorite book of the series. But I worked at the theater at
He had a red plastic cup of something
1241. Soup, Bell Pepper, Tomato @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 6:42 p.m.
5. You're My Thrill
Also, gang rape, by roving bands of young men, is sadly not uncommon. Usually, they excuse their behavior as "punishing the wicked temptress" for "tempting" them with their wicked bodies, uncovered ankles and wrists etc...
If I read something funny, I laugh out loud or giggle; if I read something thought-provoking, I may research it and even write about it myself or raise awareness verbally because I feel it is a worthwhile issue; if I read something poignant, the tears just naturally fall. It’s always the feelings that I am left with. No matter what I see, hear or what others say. I suppose this is where actions speak louder than words but that’s a whole other topic.
The first 6 days I wrote pretty consistently. I was a bit under the daily average, but still, not that far off the mark. After day 6 I was stuck. I reached the end of the first section and couldn’t transition into the middle section. So I took a week off. I didn’t intend to take a week off, but with family and work that’s how it happened. I spent a lot of my free time hanging out with Melissa and working on photographs. Some Ikea furniture assembly. You get the picture.
L)Love
This from Gibbon (on Obedience):
Spring time, peanutbutter cups and love,
Thank you Sue for being so generous!
“I think it’s really unfair to delay graduation,” Suen wrote.
This was a Goodwill find this weekend and here is where it gets exciting.....
“The sooner the better.” Her voice sounded as if it all of sudden had concern in it.
Stats to Make an Icelander Happy
She nods once, and pulls off his shirt.
In a follow-up report in 2010, the National Audit Office acknowledged that significant improvements had been achieved in acute stroke care, with more patients spending more time in specialist units, greater and faster use of brain scanning, and the number of patients receiving thrombolysis doubling between 2007–08 and 2008–09. It applauded improved public and professional awareness of the symptoms of stroke but noted less progress had been made in longer-term rehabilitation and care. A review by the Care Quality Commission last year pointed to failures including in access to therapy, psychological support, and help with returning to work and family life, as well as in post-hospital care reviews.
k) all of the above”
- I do Mudra exercises
The fist group tend to be women of low intelligence and generally low self esteem, it is this group, who seem to believe that their bodies are all they have to offer, and that a woman's highest ambition is to become pregnant and get a council flat. The colour of the man is less important than his willingness to pay her attention, hence the women in this category tend to become impregnated and abandoned quite rapidly, and sadly, in some cases, quite frequently.
These are the elusive bits of text that help sell your wares as a comedian. These are the parts of an intro that set the stage for you. A lot of these are related to bookers and coordinators. They can range from doing Festivals (like Montreal and Halifax), to radio (CBC The Debater’s), Television (The John Dore Show, The Rick Mercer Report) or any other notable endeavour in the world of Comedy. There are a lot of people that think these are fluff – and they might be. But these are the types of things that help get the recognition of club owners, bookers and audiences. You’re asked to do a Debater’s at the Just for Laughs in Montreal, putting you front and centre for other industry people. You’ve already made the leap of acceptance. By participating you’ve been given a level of social proof. And once you’ve had that level with on event, you’re more likely to start doing the other festivals. It’s just the way it works.
I arrive for the 930 service (no reservation required) and after waiting about 30 minutes at the bar with a glass of wine (all 5€) I take a seat at my corner table. Another 10 minute wait ensues before I order, despite the fact there is no “menu” per se, everyone here gets the degustation.
Paroc Oy AB had filed a first application for registration, as a Community trade mark, the mark INSULATE FOR LIFE, in respect of goods in classes 6, 17, and 19, for common metals and their alloys, rubber, and non-metallic building materials.
But that's the great thing about having a blog...motivation to create new spaces! My changes are subtle, but do give the impression of Fall:
And, yes, that stern, young, inadvertently abstract head on the cover of H.P.L’Orange looks suspiciously like our favorite rough-and-ready emperor Maximin Daia, (or maybe… Galerius). It’s hard to tell with inadvertent abstraction – or just plain incompetent sculptors. The best you can say I guess, is that all emperors are turning into the idea of “emperor” and the sculptures are merely following that abstract cultural drift.
How much time we use car?
And as time went on, some unexpected benefits emerged. I realized that not having a big fridge meant not having a big fridge to fill. Or clean. That it was easier and took a lot less time to think about our food a day or two at a time instead of planning for a week of meals. That it was a lot quicker and simpler to shop for a few items than a whole cart-full.
For my card base I used some dark teal Core'denations card stock and the Birthday Bash cartridge. I cut my base at 5". The circle layer of the card was cut using some Basic Grey card stock. This paper is from an 6 X 6 paper pack that I have had for a couple of years I don't know they name of it, the cover is gone. For my flower I used the Sophie cartridge. I cut the flower at 3 3/4". I used some paper from my scrap bin so I apologize but again I don't know the name of the paper. I added some yellow stickles to the yellow layer of the flower to give it some sparkle and added the flower to my card with some foam tape. I stamps Happy Mother's Day with some VersaMagic Chalk Ink in Turquoise Gem. Thanks for visiting. I hope you will join us in this Mother's Day challenge over at CardzTV.
We would love to hear your thoughts . Please comment below, stop by and check out www.djxtc.net and follow us on twitter @weddingdj1
I have been writing books since before I became a teenager. Most are still hidden in the closet. I used to make up my own stories as a child, everyone used to act them out while we were playing outside. As a teenager someone issued me a challenge. I told her that her stories stunk, she told me to do better.
I happen to believe that an individual’s childhood and teenage years will always have a huge impact on the person that they become and the adult life that they lead. So if those years were crap for any reason (abuse and permanent injuries being the most extreme examples), then there is a lot for that person to overcome in their quest for lifetime happiness and achievement.
LOL!!! I can't stop laughing at Grandma's face... she loves to make faces....
The runners who , over the years, had the same type of career as Aguirre usually went on to successful college careers and some even beyond college. It is worth noting that future Olympians Reuben Reina and Alan Culpepper (who both won USATF XC Championships) never ran as fast on the old Georgetown course as Aguirre. Reina's senior year he set a Footlocker (then known as Kinney) course record that stands to this day.
I guess I don’t like my work.
But, they will say, their case is different because they are public officials. They have a job to do. They must preserve a nice cozy learning environment in schools, or something like that. There a couple of things to say to that.
I am encouraging you to support Walgreens in this fight, by liking them on Facebook and following them on twitter @Walgreens. See links below for more information!
A certain culmination.
"Plus the amazing formats offered by Eco Comics really help bring this classic character into the digital age."
His explanation...
Yes, I love the freedom that comes with living by myself. I am the supreme ruler of the thermostat. I feel no shame in sliding into bed at 5a.m. or waking up at 2p.m. Hell, I can dance around in my underwear to bad 90s pop if I so choose. But, all the same, every so often, I am reminded that being independent isn’t half as wonderful as having someone to push you to go running in the park when it’s raining or half as much fun as having an argument about someone burning shrimp pasta at 3a.m.
This was all after Colonel Raafi had assured me that the money transfer that they needed to send from Jordan was entirely legit. I then saw that a number of my Twitter followers were scams and that Akismet had protected me from 471 worrisome comments, annoyingly that’s more comments I have had from genuine people
shaped alpha: lower case, numbers, punctuation: ' , . " ? &
Just enough to teach us the depth of friendship with Him.
Who would think to turn off her ringer before going into a class?
Let’s just agree that it’s too big for 4.2 million people to ever pay, especially since only 1.8 million are actually working.
If you can help volunteer, please call Lois Green at 405-246-1101 or email at lois_green@uss.salvationarmy.org.
So let us stop the debate of home school, private or public school. Let us focus inwardly on what God is calling us to do as our children's parents. The questions that we must ask ourselves are these...
Nothing is worse than traveling in the Summer, only to find out your travel destination is currently experiencing a Cold Front! If your traveling to Louisiana, that is exactly what you will get. Cold one day-hot the next!! Make sure you bring light windbreakers & a few pant selection just in case.
Now my starved independence is going to be the death of me?
The fishing net came in handy!
The water from the last snow fall and the 4 days of rain that we had last week is beginning to seep into the soil and we can walk through the gardens without causing any compaction to the soil, so we are out raking off the deep piles of leaf litter and allowing the soil to warm up in preparation for one of my favorite times of the year. My gardens emphasize the beauty of spring ephemerals and I love to watch the trillium, spring beauty (Claytonia virginica), and trout lilies (Erythronium americanum) poke through the ground in anticipation of the wonderful show they will put on once they begin to flower. You can see the furled leaves of the trout lily poking through the leaf litter in this picture. For those of you who do not know how difficult it is to get trout lilies to grow, let alone flower, let me show you a picture of last year's flowers. I have been living in my home for over 24 years and started most of my gardens within the first two years that we were here. I planted my first patch of trout lily over 9 years ago and the first plants just started flowering 2 years ago! Spring ephemerals are some of the most difficult plants to grow and I would recommend not trying them until you have a well-established garden with your trees and shrubs already growing with good canopies.
"Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle" starts out seeming like it's going to be a predictable cross between a stoner comedy and a road picture. As it unfolds, however, it becomes far more than that, brimming with well-delivered social commentary and bizarre surreal humor.
Well, luckily my Grandmother would love anything I made her or course, but I was
Bull & Bush Pub & Brewery Royal Arms
'If you try to take me to any station,' she declared in a cold, remote voice, 'you will have to take me like this.' She dropped the robe and stood revealed, quite naked, pearly and beautiful.
they sing the ritual lament.
Where's the booze, you ask? This omelet contains Marsala cooking wine, so it was unlike any other tofu omelet I've tried. The wine added a sophisticated flavor that really took this breakfast to the next level. I can't wait to try the other boozy brunch recipes, like the blueberry-coconut muffins (with rum!) and the Party Monster Pancakes (with amaretto!).
Don't give up though the pace seems slow--
Over the past few decades, sexuality has become the focal point of political controversy, and is now a key domain for social change. Issues such as protecting sexual freedom and enhancing access to sexual health resources are among SPW’s central concerns. And so SPW undertakes and publishes policy analyses with which to empowher NGOs and influence governments.
Baby Haven arrived December 29th at 5:04 pm
**Before you begin this trick, choose a secret helper. The last person to feel the marble is your helper and takes the marble away and hides it.
Then we had another baby. Moved to a farm. Had a third baby. I didn't just lose track, I no longer even thought about the track!
This pdf will be available for FREE at the end of this week's postings....
Everyone from the top down, De Klerk, Mbeki, Modise, etc were all sharing the spoils of South Africa.
There are assorted websites and apps you can use if you don’t have some form of timer already to hand. This is the website I used today. I definitely recommend giving timers a try if you, too, find your attention drifting mid-rest!
Hi everybody, welcome to my second Holiday design tutorial! In this tutorial I'll be showing you how to make the classic Christmas tree shape, with the help of tape for perfectly crisp lines. The design isn't too difficult to achieve, but you do need to cut and place many tape strips, so you may want to use it for accent nails only if you'd like to save yourself a lot of work ;-) Let's give it a try, shall we?
Check out this Mardi Gras Bead Lamp. I would have seen that lamp at the store and thought it was awesome but never would have thought to use mardi gras beeds and silver paint to re-create that lamp on a budget.
Media Watch
I started Garam Masala Tuesdays with three aims- one, to familiarize non-Indians with Indian cooking; two, to familiarize Indian cooking to Indian ladies like me, who had only recently forayed into Indian cooking and who like me did not have the pleasure of their moms to guide them through various aspects of Indian food and three, to share recipes handed down by my mother or friends or relatives or seen on different sites along with giving a little background about the dish.
"Little Gem on Pearl Street"
Here the south side, the "front" that faced Paces Ferry before the property was parceled out.
up. The 1967 Keele Conference showed how hard it was for Gospel men in the Church of England to contemplate working in any other context. Subsequent attempts to reduce the height of denominational walls, even between wholly evangelical free church groups, were not conspicuously successful. Some who agreed that the Doctor’s appeal was based on Scripture principles found reasons not to act upon it”.43
Q1: who is the young man?
So where will you spend eternity? There are but two alternatives. By his very nature man is lost and hell-bound, condemned and facing eternal suffering. But God, by His grace, has worked out His eternal purpose, salvation through the shed blood of Jesus Christ. My admonition to you is to put your faith and trust in Him and experience His life.
This is perhaps an even better question than the recent one in Salon Magazine inquiring about the lack of heroic characters on Television.
Snowy blue cupcakes
The tax code is full of inequities and would be a good place to start looking for opportunities to change.
*grunt-grunt*
Perhaps you may have gathered, perhaps from the quality of this review, perhaps from the points that it brought up, that Scarlett fever isn’t a particularly challenging book, but it is most definitely an enjoyable one. It’s quirky, it’s amusing. It doesn’t concern itself with the heavy issues of the real world, only the issues of its idealised world, for those issues can be twisted into something charming and funny that the population will be willing to read about. Overall, it was a nice little distraction from all of the other heavy and highly political stuff that you can imagine me to be reading, because I’m sure that you all perceive me to be a deep and political sophisticated person. You ought to.
Our first day was spent almost totally in the rain. Purdy to Redmond, OR, 380 miles. Sorry no pictures in the rain.
Indeed, the DHS may look through data transmitted online without restraint, regardless of what it ultimately finds. And, in this respect, business leaders who believe that this bill is aimed at terrorists – or “at most” at the domestic activists and documentarians who can make it harder for them to operate – should be careful about what they wish for.Indeed, because the definition of cyber terrorism is so broad and subjective, US business leaders who are pushing for CISPA risk exposing themselves to the DHS’s power to scrutinize their personal lives, subpoena their bank records, and disrupt their electronic communications. And the law would give the DHS similar control over the personal and financial lives of anyone who does business in the US or with American companies – a power that the US government has already tried to assert by issuing a subpoena for Icelandic legislator Birgitta Jonsdottir’s personal bank records.
and my lust for her, fuelled
This weekend we will be getting the material for the garden shades because we do not want another disaster like last year.
LGGDC Blog (lggdcblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Everyone questions
After exhausting every reason to procrastinate – cleaning out the vegetable drawer, perusing old Hickory Farms catalogues left over from Christmas, clipping toenails, surfing E-bay for vintage bar signs, napping – we finally had to face the music.
In 2006, the state Attorney General’s Office sued Mrs. Roethel, Mr. Forsythe and Mr. Wilder to recover the cost of the cleanup, alleging that they were responsible for the contamination. After arguing the case for six years, Mr. Forsythe and Mr. Wilder have settled with the state, and the state is now pressuring Mrs. Roethel to follow suit.
The summer I turned 16, I was allowed to single date, but only boys Mama thought were appropriate. Early in the summer I dated a boy I really liked (I even forgave him for being mostly nice) and learned to go parking and neck without “going too far.” I really liked him and had fun on our dates. Man, he was a great kisser! But he went away to college soon after we started dating. We wrote for a while and then lost interest. Soon after he went away, I began to date the love of my life.
I think the information presented in the article underscores how tough a task the SoCon has in trying to emulate the CAA. Besides having larger schools that play in bigger arenas (for the most part), most of the CAA schools don’t have to worry about football. The CAA probably also benefits to a degree from having more of its schools located in larger metro areas, although that can be a double-edged sword.
The dedication ceremony will feature remarks from Dr. David Lee, Dean of Potter College of Arts & Letters; WKU President Gary Ransdell; Dr. Mitzi Groom, Head of WKU’s Department of Music; and Matt Lund, a senior music major; and performances by the WKU Chorale and Brass Ensemble. Tours and music by chamber, instrumental and choral groups will follow.
First, Mazerik park is niiiiice. I was pleasantly surprised to find another gem here in Fayettenam. Just when I think I've seen it all here, little surprises like this park pop up and my desire to move to Italy disappears for .2 seconds.
I hope you'll read the family dinner tips--they are not just mine, a few blog friends chimed in, too- and share a few of your own in the comments.
Is the album title “The Ever Burning Torch” a hint that you could not go another musical way? Is it an statement?
The liberated person is all but indifferent from any form of attack on her image. She has discovered her true self and identifies with no image. This is the only place of sustainable and tangible safety. She is always safe and secure.
As the only dedicated digital-first publisher in Scandinavia, Stockholm Text is set to publish 25 English language books for worldwide distribution in 2012. The first titles will be on sale as trade paperback and e-books on all leading platforms beginning May 15th. Stockholm Text has attracted some of the most popular authors of the region, in genres ranging from bestselling fiction to edgy non-fiction. Among the books to be released this summer are four mystery novels, written by a few of Sweden’s true crime queens, including Mari Jungstedt and Carin Gerhardsen, both with millions of books sold in regional markets. But there are also prize-winning niche authors, with fan bases that extend throughout Europe and beyond.
02. Last Dance - Seespot
Second, the Court refers to "mental processes" as unpatentable but cites no authority, even though there was extensive prior case law on the "mental steps doctrine" in the lower courts.
I’m getting yelled at by an overling with little to no hair on his head, and a full handlebar mustache. This is the kind of thing that makes me think god has a sense of humor. Bald with a mustache, priceless.
a biological creature that you look at and say, “That’s what’s
Label: Playa
As I said, I know it’s petty, but I just thought I might’ve earned an official goodbye from these people by this point. If someone who was here for less than a year gets her parting acknowledged, I would think I’d get a bit of the same.
“Tuscany’s.”
But this week, I didn't think about my blog. Not much, anyway. Last weekend, in addition to the usual blur of ballet and swimming lessons, Christian and I went to the school Trivia Night for an evening of fundraising and frivolity. I had a great time, especially since I successfully bid for three months of boot camp in the silent auction. Boot camp baby!!!! (Yes, some of the other mums did think I was in fact quite mad, but I got $570 worth of boot camp for $65....and now I have someone to help me find the more shapely bottom underneath my saggy one. Boot camp baby!!!!!)
“It was used as a pretext to harass people”
Captain "Jet" Cassidy had more passengers on her carrack than she was used to, so she and the woman of the Kiss put them all to work, including the whining noble Lord Key. Araxo took shifts at the wheel and aided his counterpart first mate Sasha Dirk in duties while Victor was put to work with Half-Pint Moira on the rigging and in his spare time he instructed the eunuch crew in swordplay. Pickles, Henri, Olfon Trebus, Scar and Ronaldo Key were given the most menial chores like swabbing the deck, mending sails and Pickle's favorite, shining the ceremonial breastplates of the Ospremites. Cuahto for his worth also spent time up in the rigging with Hammond but also was lowered off the side of the prow to repaint the captain's figurehead, a likeness of the goddess Osprem blowing a kiss.
And at some point during those blissful two months of sunshine and freedom we went to see this show.
It's been a rocky road
Fifty years ago, a third of American marriages were sparked by a pregnancy. In the mid-1990s, a third of Americans were born outside marriage.
We are still waiting to see what the next week will bring. If she continues to improve and can sit up etc they will send her to rehab, where they will work with her on relearning things she can't do right now due to the stroke. After 1 week in rehab, they will reevaluate and decide if she can continue. If neither of those things go right, she'll be put into a long term care facility (why they don't say nursing home is beyond me). It kills me though, she did NOT want to be in a home. A 24 hour nurse at home is out of the question, per the doctors. She will require to much care they say... It breaks my heart, she's got no choice, we've tried to honor her wishes, she did now want any surgery (which could have prevent the loss of some of the functions) and if she goes into cardiac arrest, she is DNR/DNI. That part is hard for me to swallow...but we've done what she wanted.
Determining your arches
microRNA gene therapy may have a long future of success and I am sure there are some applications which they will be great. To compare them to adult stem cells in the context of regenerative medicine as the author has done, especially without a proper understanding of the safety and efficacy record of adult stem cells, especially in the field of cardiac regenerative medicine which has a decade long history (the longest of all practical and clinical research), is like bringing a rubber knife to a gun fight.
“Spence suggested that these regular rewirings of the solar magnetic field naturally have an effect on the human nervous system, which leaves its traces most clearly in our cultural record – like a desert wind carving the shape of its passage into the dunes of fashion, art, and music. As a short-hand toward understanding the two maximum states we flip between, Spence suggests we can regard one pole as having a “punk” character, while its opposite may be thought of as “hippie.”
Bouwer Bosch is a rainbow of intriguing layers.
And she was right. Our car would get dirty inside. Living in a dusty pueblo, it’s hard enough to keep it clean on the outside. For those who know my husband, you’ll already recognize the sacrifice he makes driving a dirty car around.
"Uhhh.." He didn't seem to recognize me.
But I am not shouting at you. That uncle broke our side mirror.
In the meantime, what do you think? Do you miss the stencil? Because I totally don't. :)
or on
and lift the burdens of those around you.
It all came down to game 7, and the Rangers played a little more hungry than the Senators. But give credit to the Senators for not making this an easy round. They tested the Rangers in almost every aspect of the game.
So, in order to make sure what we are talking about, let’s travel among the pages of dictionaries and discover the definition of the noun Confidence.
Tools: Itty Bitty Punch Shapes punch, circle punch, butterfly punch, Big Shot, Elegant Lines EF, dimensionals
Just to be sure this was the institute, I checked out the New Covenant International Theological Seminary:http://www.newcovenant.edu/index.php?page=home.
seat.
Also, I think that church to a large extent uses people to make money and expand their teachings. I really don’t have a problem with that either. What I have a problem with is some of what they teach alienates me as a person, as a homosexual gay male in a heterosexual world. I think god is forgiving. I think god forgives them for alienating me. But I don’t have to hang around people who don’t want me now do I.
Dandelion Root
You do, right? Don't fucking lie to me.
you continue to punish the person by assuming they are no different. you judge them by past wrongs. the slate has never been cleared. they have never really had a chance to start over with you.
You and I don’t have the Constitutional authority to vote on appropriations. The House of Representatives does.
I can't wait until that day where the very one I've lived for always will wipe away the sorrow that I've faced
The countdown to the release of the 1940 census has begun! On April 2, 2012, the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) will provide public access to the images of the 1940 United States Federal Census. This is the first time that the images of the 1940 census will be made available as free digital images.
Pure anticipation when I see the baby swing in the corner of my living room and I imagine what you'll look like all curled up in it.
The Messianic Name
Being in Rwanda, or more generally the Great Lakes Region, has reignited my interest in Corporate Social Responsibility, or CSR. Whether it’s seeing mountain after mountain of terraced tea plantations, knowing that multinational companies in Uganda and the Democratic Republic of Congo are exploiting their relative positions of power to gain access to valuable resources, or witnessing the small initiatives to ensure that ordinary Rwandans are able to make a living from the resources in their country (see Project Rwanda and Bikes to Rwanda) I don’t know. All I do know is that CSR has a huge role to play in the development of these beautiful but historically conflict stricken countries.
Personally, I love the desk, made purely from water-jet cut Corian with an embossed Virgin Atlantic logo really rocks the whole area. But for me, the best design feature has to be the strip lights in the reception. On entering they can’t help but make you look up, mimicking a fleet of airplanes are coming in over head to land. Such a simple idea, but the execution is sublime, especially with the reflection in the luxurious gloss flooring.
The highlight of any Hellraiser film is of course when characters go into hell. And we get quite a lot of this in this movie. In the Hellraiser films, hell is a series of dark passages inside of a gigantic labyrinth. Its also composed of a series of crumbled buildings, with many hallways and stairways to get lost in. That’s fine and dandy, and spooky, but what the hell is that floating diamond called The Leviathan? One of the characters explains that The Leviathan is “her god” and that she worships it, but just what the hell is it? This is just one of the many things that don’t make much sense on this film. While watching it you might get the feeling that at some point you are going to get the answers to everything, and that if you simply accept what is happening at some point it will be explained. But that never happens. At one point I simply gave up trying to figure things out and simply went with the crazy visuals. On this level, there is some enjoyment to be had with this film. The crazy gory, horror fantasy visuals always entertain and never bore.
The past predictions this "time machine" have involved 9/11, katrina, quakes, scandals, and hundreds of other events. The view of the future is not something that many people want to accept or are able to accept if the results of the webbot are accurate.
Booking is essential to facilitate catering: Please do so on or before 3rd February 2011 – tel.- 011 791 5153 – em: ceramicssa@icon.co.za.
Third, A Clockwork Orange is in many ways a black comedy — with many bizarre jokes and details in it that some audiences are afraid to laugh at. The gang’s strong but slow-witted droog Dim (an excellent Warren Clarke) has a conversation with one of the Korova Milk Bar’s statues before dispensing milk from its breasts. Sexualized artwork seems to be pervasive in society — even in the homes of respectable people. The two girls Alex meets at the Chelsea Drugstore before taking them home enjoy very suggestively shaped popsicles. Alex kills the cat lady by smashing her in the head with a large porcelain phallus, after she reprimands him for playing with it. Alex’s 60-year old mom, whose personality is weak and conservative, walks around in brightly colored wigs, skirts and go-go boots. Both the performances of Alex’s truant officer (Aubrey Morris) and the head guard (Michael Bates) at the prison are ridiculously over the top. Bates in particular seems to be channeling Michael Palin from Monty Python. Also exaggerated is the character of author Frank Alexander (Patrick Magee) who is now a widower and quite insane when Alex unwittingly comes to his home (clearly marked HOME on the outside) a second time after being let out of prison. When Alex returns to his parents after his release only to find they’ve rented his room, what should be a touchingly sad scene is complimented with the Erika Eigen’s chipper ditty “I Want to Marry a Lighthouse Keeper.” Alex comes out of his coma at the hospital, interrupting a doctor and nurse mid-coitus behind a partition. And when Alex’s parents offer their bedside apologies to him, the frame also contains a food basket containing a box with the words “EAT ME” prominently displayed. Sick, but funny.
Worn by Marilyn’s character, Cheri. Emerald green latex with a fish-scale pattern in black. Decorated with gold fringing and 2 spaghetti straps on each shoulder. The bra cups are transparent black.
Notes
They’re all lined up
I also enjoyed the small details that Culley drops about messenger life, like how messengers use their U-Locks to threaten cabbies and other cars, and how during his first winter he used gardening gloves with the first two fingers cut off, and how your hands go numb after riding over torn up city streets all day, and how he can "skitch" a car's hub (grab the back of a car and get towed at high speeds). I've never tried that.
We cannot control the reactions of others. However, although people may initially react when you are speaking honestly, in the end it raises the relationship to a whole new and healthier level. Either that or it releases the unhealthy relationship from your life. Either way, you win.
While education makes a significant difference among those preparing to leave, it makes little difference among those who say they are planning to migrate. Among those planning to migrate in the next 12 months, those in the most educated group are nearly twice as likely as those in other education groups to say they are actively preparing to leave.
The script has got to be one of the best, with some hilarious lines:
Frustrated by seeing the more superior Williams of Nelson Piquet and Nigel Mansell often get the better of him despite his undoubted talent, Senna was convinced the switch to McLaren would finally give him the success it craved. There he was partnered with the Frenchman Alain Prost, the golden boy of McLaren at the time. Fireworks would explode between the pair, though not initially. The 1988 McLaren Honda was the most dominant car in Grand Prix history, winning 15 of the season’s 16 races. If Jean-Louis Schelesser hadn’t taken Senna out in the closing stages at Monza, it could well have been a clean sweep. Senna won eight races to Prost’s seven – though the ‘Professor’s’ consistency meant he went on to score more championship points. However on a countback system, which the sport used at the time, Senna knew that victory in the 1988 Japanese Grand Prix would be enough for his first championship.
Kode posisi (di amplop): MT-AS atau MT-FA, dsb.
As one of the largest school districts, you should be disgusted, embarrassed and ashamed at the lack of care, effort and way you have handled Jacob’s situation. My son is a person. He is not just some student number in your system. Jacob is a child, whom at the end of the day, still tries his hardest to get good grades and to succeed in school. He is a child who deserves to get the best education available, and you as the School District of Palm Beach County have failed him.
“I have principles, Jack. It’s wrong to kill. I’d just feel awful if I did that.”
Listening and laughter
Every kid's dilemma: not enough appreciation from your parents who seem to take you for granted.
Savard: Absolutely.
“A bag of 100 for $120 pesos,” she answered.
Love, Reign O'er Me
Catch up soon.
We had our first prenatal class last night. There was only one other woman there, so it was a nice and intimate setting. Jeff was the only Dad though. The other woman’s husband’s truck broke down so he could not attend. I know that Jeff is happy about our baby, but I think he was bored last night. Hopefully next week there will be more Dad’s. We learned about ways to keeps comfortable during pregnancy and during birth. There was a lot about relaxation techniques, like deep breathing and meditation. I’m sure those things might help some people during the birthing process, but I am still getting an epidural. I cannot take pain. We are learning about epidurals and other medicated pain relief at the next class.
Well, at least until tomorrow, when the latest canine-ingestion scandal breaks, or perhaps Thursday, when a hot mic catches Obama promising China he’ll sign away our free economy if he wins a second term. So it goes.
JERRY SEINFELD: I mean, hey!
they cause. Finally, it puts pressure
I actually don’t find this one to be my favorite of the Die Hard series, but you gotta give respect where it’s due. This is a giant in the series, and it spawned a nation of cult followers. Perhaps that’s why there is a fifth installment for Grandpa Willis in the works. Reggie Veljohnson, aka Carl Winslow of Family Matters, became a household name after this film, despite being obsolete during the rest of this series. And I rank Hans Grueber of this film very high in my list of all time greatest villains (gasp, just came up with another idea for a post on this blog). Favorite Quote from the villain, Hans: “I wanted this to be professional, efficient, adult, cooperative. Not a lot to ask. Alas, your Mr. Takagi did not see it that way… so he won’t be joining us for the rest of his life. We can go any way you want it. You can either walk out of here… or be carried out. But have no illusions. We are in charge. So decide now, each of you. And please remember: we have left nothing to chance”. Classic!!
Makai Kingdom – Chronicles of the Sacred Tome (PS2)
I used cheesecloth from Lowes for the creepy white cloth and the skull on the stand is now silver and there is a silver pumpkin there too :) I have already changed things since I took these pictures!
But make an enemy appear,
Go read some good novels. Give yourself some time off. Then come back, read through the archives again (you're missing the template of how to talk about plot in a query) then start over.
The fate of Obamacare will be decided shortly by the Supreme Court after 26 States brought suit against it as unconstitutional, but Obama, who was the editor of the Harvard Law Review and taught constitutional law, apparently has not read the document, claiming the judges are “unelected” (they are appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate) and therefore have no right to pass judgment despite Marbury v Madison that established the Court’s role of judicial oversight.
The hophead in me is excited by this. I can't wait until February 3, the release date. And I have to factor in the inevitable lag between the beer is available in Austin and when the local distributor finally allows us to have some Wild Hare here in Paradise, but that's another post.
I think about my grandpa and my neighbors and my name
State.....
It literally lasted a few hours, and only then because none of us could stuff anymore in! My mum was honoured enough to be saved a slice for today, which she ate with some relish I can tell you!
Jewelry - Vintage from grandma
As I lined up next to one of the women in the running club she told me to start off slow and then pick it up in the final mile. I'm really, really bad at starting slow but I thought I'd try. Really, though, I was just going to run as hard as I could and see where that got me.
Dreadful experiences lead one to wonder whether the person who undergoes them is not something dreadful.
The latest evidence supporting this claim comes from Faisal Shahzad’s trip to Matamoras, at the foothills of the Poconos, where he purchased boxes of M-88s from a fireworks store.
Please feel free to forward names of anyone you think might be interested especially first Moms and Dads.
Everyone directly involved with the case will now expect Mrs. Breivik senior to be arrested, there is absolutely no way around that fact.
Always want to be something that's not right here, not right now.
Andrew was also not big on background – history – set up. We’re just dumped onto a world where it’s ruled by vampires. There were zero explanations as to how it all started, how to world came to be. I’ve read some books where the absence of this would come to pass but I’m truthfully curious and I thought the book could’ve used it.
Winner: John Cena
pitiful fire pit fire
“I don’t know about the South,” says McKinty, “but in the North, serial killers just get absorbed into the paramilitaries. I knew several clearly deranged individuals who were high ranking paramilitaries. The Shankhill Butchers and Michael Stone are just a couple of examples of psychopaths who probably would have been ordinary, everyday serial killers had they grown up in a non-sectarian society.”
I made my first six shirts using sheets from the Salvation Army. Some were even -- gasp! -- cotton/poly. I intend to make a Negroni muslin from a sheet. Used bedding is our friend, readers. No one has to know your shirt was slept on -- or worse -- in another life.
Joe Braden: "I don't want to talk about it."
Beer Classifieds is a website that aggregates all types of beer collectibles (bottles, cans, signs, labels, glassware, etc.) for sale on eBay and brings it into one location. Beer ads and posters going all the way back to the late19th century, cone top beer cans, aluminum bottles, authentic German steins, neon... you name it. There goal is to build it into the most popular and most well-stocked beer collectibles site on the web, and based on what I've seen... they're succeeding.
11. Twilight Sentinel (6:49)
Multiply the Wuhan example by hundreds of other municipal authorities that are also borrowing billions to finance a similar “dash for growth,” and you have a financial situation as volatile as the “sub-prime mortgage” scam that brought the U.S. economy to its knees. Except that when the Chinese property boom implodes, it may bring the whole world economy to its knees.
3. To look relatively fashionable
A personal relationship means a relationship of response and awareness. A blade of grass receives its energy from Hashem. It cannot exist for even a split second without Hashem’s Will giving it life. Yet the grass does not have a real relationship because it cannot respond. It receives but all it gives back is its existence. There is no difference between one blade of grass and another. Hashem doesn’t respond to each one individually. There is no such thing as a righteous blade of grass who deserves lots of rain and sunshine, or a wicked blade of grass who has made major life mistakes. This is called hashgacha klalit, which means awareness without any involvement.
THEN - on Sunday morning I pulled a muscle in my neck and I could barely turn my head.... wonder what's going on inside my musculature system? Eh?
(Blogs come and go, too, and are clearly as unstable as supernovae. Lydian Airs is fading out for a bit. Maybe, like certain comets, it'll come round again. Who knows? Meanwhile, warmest thanks to all you celestial beings who've shone so brightly in the comments columns. You're all first-magnitude stars.)
He cared not a nut,
Combine the melted butter, sugar, vanilla and salt in a medium bowl. Stir in the flour until just incorporated - the mixture will be soft, that's fine. Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking pan and press into an even layer on the bottom of the pan. Bake for 20-25 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown. Let cool completely. Turn the oven down to 325 F.
If I see them looking back at the Word Wall, I make a huge deal of it.
Tonight has been a roller coaster of emotions for all NBA fans and for three fan bases in particular; at least one of which has to be more crushed and bitter than a “salty biscuit” right now.
Prevagen sent me their product to review. The biggest improvement I have noticed is my concentration. This is just after taking it for a month. I find it much easier to focus on things.
I wouldn't tell him where I lived; it was on the same street. So he took me up the road to Bon Marche and across to the police station. They put me behind the counter and I could not see over it. “A terrible crime!”, they said. Milk was rationed in those days. I wasn't seven yet.
Also been working on a 3 plate intaglio assignment in printmaking. I'm pretty happy with the general direction of two of the plates so far, but I haven't even sketched anything for the 3rd and it's due in about 2.5 weeks. Ugh, my time is at 0 now.
*I chose to quit my job to PCS with my husband
It feels like I've become a zombie. I haven't updated in like a week now because I've been moving non-stop it's quite terrible indeed.
Texting, eating, changing the radio, digging in your purse are not just things that you should not do while driving on the road but also while driving in parking lots; even more so not in parking lots because people are walking every where and the moment you put your head down, you may hit someone, like in my case and it could be a lot worse than my accident.
The advantage of living near an historic garden is the opportunity to stroll when winter requires a dose of inspiration.
You can also contact schools or districts. Sometimes they hire tutors, or they can give your information out to parents who are looking.
“Yes it is,” Diane said, gratefully.
For the outfit on the left I paired your skirt with a royal purple top with sleeves that are shirred down the middle from the shoulder to the arm. For jewelry I added a silver necklace that is just a bunch of circles linked together with chains. Shoes are faux suede wedge heels that have a bow on the front.
Later, all the prep work is done, and all they need is customers. Mildred wanders through her empty restaurant, straightening things that don’t need straightening and looking out the window every few seconds until finally a car pulls up, and a minute later she gets an order for four. Mildred gets to work as jaunty period music cues up.
It's Kellie's turn this week for this ph-antasti-ic sketch!
We brought in the new year with friends.
These others extend beyond whites. Asian American school children in New York and Philadelphia have for years been beaten up by their black classmates. But people in the mainstream media who go ballistic if some kid says something unkind on the Internet about a homosexual classmate nevertheless hear no evil, see no evil and speak no evil when Asian American youngsters are beaten up by their black classmates.
that rise with the crow
The simplified executive functioning would probably flow as follows but each component would have a myriad of ordered sub-tasks as well;
“Not tonight, if you don’t mind.”, she said,”I had a long day with the baby and I just want to sleep. She was a brat today. She just cried and cried and didn’t take her afternoon nap.”
Yes, that mesmerizing mass purveyor of aspiration, desire and self-awareness regularly airs commercials these days that show Americans of different races and ethnicities interacting in integrated schools, country clubs, workplaces and homes, bonded by their love of the products they consume.
I keep a small stash of cars for activities like this, since all the play cars seem to disappear just when I need them the most.
It's satin, lined and does up with about 10 little hook and eyes. It really held my waist in and helped me keep my posture today, which I needed because - WHOA - was I sore today!
Leonard D. Schaeffera
I am simply and profoundly proud of him.
I was in the new entranceway earlier in the day and noticed a distressed Darning-needle fly in through the open doors.
remoter antiquity, the guild system itself would have
Mackerel & Horseradish Fishcake
At the end of The Journey, Samuel Fisher loses his wife. And now, he is a widower, with four children to take care of. He completely checks out of life doing only what is necessary to go through the motions, and relying heavily on his parents for childcare.
About 70,000 Filipino and American troops surrendered to Japanese forces in the Philippines during World War II. The Japanese forced them to walk almost 60 miles for days in the scorching heat through the Philippine jungles. This later became known as The Death March of Bataan and recorded in history as one example of Japanese war crimes:
I am experimenting with adding some of the little embellishments outside the pockets. I feel so rebellious! This lady bug is a piece of Flair! from American Crafts. The letter stickers are from American Crafts as well and is a felt Thicker set.
Savard: Oh, absolutely.
Of course, these weren't necessarily the cheapest option I could have gone for, but the functionality and space saves can't be beat! You can fit up to 120 dvd's or video games in just one of these puppies. Plus, I always go for 20% off with an online coupon code and pick up in the store to avoid shipping costs!
Additional salt and pepper to taste
Where a mother on the bus fixing her daughters scarf and toque and then kissing her on the face with both hands on each cheek
I am celebrating new year's eve in New York (thus the photo in Times Square), and I will be in the US (San Francisco) for the first two weeks of the year because of work, so again, no miniature related activity will be done these days. Not the best way to begin the year for the blog, I know! But I will return and I'm sure I'll have a lot of stuff to share with you guys.
Good questions. Learning this will make you more comfortable on your Mac, especially if you’re a recent switcher from Windows. Automator lets you set up processes, called workflows, that can make repetitive desktop operations easy. You can save a workflow as a drag-and-drop application: drop a bunch of PPT files on it and – boom – you’ve got your converted Keynote files, ready to go.
4 above
If it were mine, I'd continue with this classic American sporty designs.
Saint Isidore is considered by many in the Catholic Church to be the Patron Saint of Technology and the Internet. Which is interesting since he died in 636? I guess he wrote a bunch of stuff and people read it, therefore he was an information provider; hence the connection to the World Wide Web of information. Whatever the rationale, I am grateful for the internet and not opposed to praying for his intervention.
“We’re going to have to get the journal as soon as we can,” she broke the silence as they moved a few blocks from where they had stopped. “He wants me to meet with him Friday, and if I don’t then he’s going to tell everyone about me. But I think that if we get the journal, and he knows he’s in trouble, then maybe he’ll keep quiet.”
The The Agency For Persons with Disabilities announces a workshop to which all persons are invited.
R.I.P Trevor Pickford, you were always a good laugh, I hadn’t known you long, only a couple of years and still you came across as a decent bloke who liked to mickey take and have a laugh. I hope you are having lots of laughs wherever you are now mate because you deserve them.
The Pennsylvania Tourism & Lodging Association has an official position supporting repeal of the Johnstown Flood Emergency Tax. They point out that the tax, along with the State's monopoly pricing and minimal bulk discounts, puts Pennsylvania restaurants and bars at a distinct price disadvantage.
We had lost my brother's cat a few months before, maybe less. So we missed having a cat any mom loves cats. I had grown up with Ace when my brother got him his freshman year (I was in 7th grade). So Chance, the cat we put down yesterday, reached his paw out and touched my mom's hand. She immediately decided to take him home. He was scheduled to be euthanized the following day.
6:14-7:15 AM: Shower, coffee, let the chihuahuas take a romp in the yard, make breakfast (or more like defrost a VitaTop), and grab my lunch I made the night before
Now go rent the movie version of Hamlet (1991) starring Mel Gibson and suddenly all of the power of the play comes alive. Glenn Close stars as his mother and Ophelia is played with tragic perfection by Helena Bonham Carter. There are the monologues, the fights, the almost loves. And the ghost. Who can forget the ghost?
How bad is it?
The festivities at the Roundhouse today for the 100th anniversary of statehood for New Mexico made me realize I haven't posted the stream of my Jan. 6 Santa Fe Opry centennial set on this blog yet.
Biscoff. Biscoff spread. Have you heard about this stuff? The food blog world was going bananas over this stuff a while back. I didn't know what all the fuss was about; I had never seen it before. Until Sunday. I'm cruising down the aisles of my grocery store with no menu plan (I felt so lost), no list, nada, grabbing and throwing things into my cart so I could get the heck out of there. I wasn't in the mood to shop. What's wrong with me?
3. Write more - I have a little confession - writing makes me nervous. That was the biggest hurdle I got over when I decided to start this blog. I'm sure you all notice that my posts are mainly pictures with some superficial four-sentence paragraph just to make the post look prettier. The truth is, I'm not very eloquent when it comes to words. But I guess that can only be changed with practice.
I was home at 9.30p.m.....could of stopped in over night but Megan was beside herself and my bed is so much better. Meg said that there was no way she'd have gone to America if I'd had it on the 30th.
Oh pretty lights how I love thee
#5) Sports
There is a point, somewhere,
He served human liberty.
The air was so still (clear reflection) and sunny like in a Hungarian dream.
OPTION1: Email Submissions
This RAD diagnosis made me really think. I went through similar experiences as a child, why don’t I have it? I have baggage for sure. It is part of why Nick and I have been doing so much talking lately. My mother passed away from Cancer when I was 5, I had 5 or 6 au pairs in about 3 years, my dad re-married twice. I became a little mom of my two younger sisters, whether my dad needed the help or not, and they were not impressed with me. I missed out on a lot at school because I had to come home and babysit and get dinner ready. I could easily have developed any of a variety of social or mental health issues. The truth of the matter is that I was in and out of counselors offices my entire childhood. My father knew it was out of his scope and got me help, as much as my friend is doing for her child. What’s the difference? I am not sure I have an answer. I had the support of my dad, and an amazing extended family that included actual family, great neighbors, and a few close friends. Maybe I do still have some problems since I NEVER ask for help and truly don’t know if I can. I am the “fixer” and have no idea how to let others help. It tends to make my husband frustrated and angry because he can see I need help but he keeps hoping I will ask. I also don’t open up about my thoughts or feelings. I am a pretty introverted person and opening up is hard to do. I can see where that would be really difficult for the person on the other end of a conversation.
The ‘Evidence’
- Found a house, signed up for 2 years and now feel more settled location-wise than ever. Still up in the air over the study/career path thingy.
So sorry! It has been awhile. I was debating whether or not to post these photos, but there's so much great stuff going on in Rm 105, I had to share with you. This is what we did last week. In addition to our unit on Presidents and American Symbols, we worked with the number 10, long e, and Literary Nonfiction. Schoolhouse Symphony came to visit too!
Aragon is an incredibly dark forest green polish with subtle shimmer. It's almost black, and I'd say it's a jelly with creme tendencies, it took me three coats to cover my nails. The shimmer is very subtle, but you can just make it out in direct sunlight. It should not be your reason for purchasing this baby though, or you would be severely disappointed. In my book, the shimmer is a bonus, not a necessity.
Meanwhile though loathe to quote ‘ . . . “Unhappy things” happening in states under opposition rule . . . Mahathir” . . . ‘
You can apply 8 different filters to your photos. There are 8 filters to mimic poloroid styles, and 20 other vintage-y filters. They also let you add writing (10 handwriting styled fonts to choose from) to the bottom part of the frame to complete the poloroid look. It's so fun!
I commit myself to releasing myself from the experience I have within and towards relationship and sex where in I no more accept and allow myself to just go along with such experiences and urges and desires as I see /realize that this “experience” I have connected to relationship and sex is an experience that has in a way been pre-packaged and given to me by society and is thus not even “my” creation but instead an template of how I must act and be in relation to sex and relationship and thus I commit myself to challenging myself to determine for myself who I am within the context of sex and relationship and ensure that my participation/attention I direct as myself to/towards/as this point is a self directed point and based on what is best for all life.
out of a love poem that you used to know by heart.
Radishes, kale, swiss chard and spinach have also been sown in the Potager and their tiny first leaves are just beginning to push through the soil. Right now it's raining and the garden is receiving a good soaking.
Concealer, a university students best friend! Lately,due to the sudden onset of exams, my appearance seems to have taken a turn for the worse. Basically I look like death! The one thing that i believe has been helping my poor little, tired eyes, is none other than my trusty old Mac Select Moisturecover concealer in the shade NC42. Now i have to state that i do not have terrible dark circles under my eyes, at least not yet. But with the amount of caffeine i consume, lack of sleep and staying up till the wee hours of the morning, this concealer goes a long way.
We admitted we were powerless over our addiction – that our lives had become unmanageable.
3. Add boiling water until only just covered.Bring to the boil and simmer uncovered for about 20 minutes or until the potatoes are soft.
8. Tough. As. Nails.
8 garlic cloves, peeled and crushed
Many years later, I’m still crushing on rock stars and managed to hook one of my own. No one told me life with a musician would be easy – terms like “starving artist” and “unemployed musician” were coined for a reason. In North America it seems we don’t value art and music unless it is presented to us in some kind of Roman style compete-to-the-death reality TV show.
The pioneers called leaving the States for Oregon “jumping off.” Their jumping off points were typically Independence or St. Joseph, Missouri, where they left civilization as they knew it and headed into the unknown.
Nomeda makes both American and European cakes. At first, I was confused; I had no idea about this! But, once we started to taste them, we could detect the difference in texture between the two. You are most likely familiar with American cakes (I think...). However, in comparison, the European cakes were denser and had a smoother texture to them. Both were delicious though! I'm sure you are curious to know the different flavors we tasted! They are as follows, starting at the top and working clockwise around the plate:
Sky Tears Touch
Indeed, it might be asked whether he was a hero at all.
The common assumption that monsters are frightening, and that they frighten human beings, and that the reverse situation never occurs, was conclusively disproved by the opening of the Imperial Monster Museum in 1866, a public facility where unique cryptozoological exhibits could be viewed for a nominal sum. The rooms were filled with monsters that had literally petrified from fright after catching sight of a human face. These stone behemoths, sciapods, harpies, colossi, minotaurs, gorgons, cynocephali, onocentaurs and other mythical beasties were arranged randomly after the directors of the museum disagreed on how best to categorise them. The Imperial Monster Museum was closed in 1899 and the exhibits sold at private auction to statue enthusiasts.
filthy little Worts scurry like rats up small ladders and
Yet, he said, it is often our mightiest projects that most obviously betray the degree of our insecurity. The construction of fortifications, for instance....clearly showed how we feel obliged to keep surrounding ourselves with defences.
Very Interesting way to move ahead in the cocktail world!! So i asked Lewis for a few of his cocktail recipes, and these are what he sent me... They all sound delicious!!!
Rosie is in third grade and about to turn nine; Dash is in first grade and just six years old. When Rosie was six, she was in kindergarten and was having all sorts of issues adjusting to public school. She wasn't paying attention in class, she was pestering her classmates, she wasn't finishing her in-class work, and overall was having trouble focusing or making bad decisions and was very hard to motivate, so her teacher put her on a behavior contract. So, it's three years later and apparently, she's an ideal student! She's adjusted well, is polite, keeps to herself, works independently, gets her work done, is testing well, and the only complaint that the teacher could manage was that she wasn't keeping her desk tidy. I'm totally okay with that.
Like all little ones his lexicon is a mix of actual English and then a great deal of Max-enese. It took me nearly a week to figure out that a tekko is actually a helicopter, while boon is a much more easily recognizable version of balloon.
Experience #1: Going to a meeting at a contractor’s office a few years back, I was not greeted warmly. The people didn’t smile. The environment was stilted and stuffy. There was a deafening quiet. When I walked down the hallway, no one said anything to me. The walls had a few posters and some wall hangings of company articles employee photos, and projects, but it didn’t seem warm and personal. I was not introduced or greeted. People were very busy working, but had very little time for me. There was no eye contact. I was offered coffee. They motioned for me to go into the kitchen where some coffee had obviously been on the burner for quite some time. The person handed me a Styrofoam cup and indicated the canisters of powdered creamer and sugar. The coffee was pretty awful. Then, they escorted me to the meeting room without any conversation. The room was cold and stark. It felt like I was in a free clinic. It was gray and dismal. Needless to say, I didn’t leave with a great feeling.
Bike Hike Babe, Jean, Looney and the con that Conrad has proven to be, gaelikaa and Ramana, Gail and Maynard (a match made in one of the ante chambers of hell): You better get your skates on and book a flight before the prices inflate. Magpie and Lady M can always visit my South Coast first and we’ll catch a cheap direct flight to Dublin from my local tiny airport. Nick can make his own way. Deb may tag along if she must. Ashok will have to put in a convincing plea to attend before I fork out for his ticket.
And this last, it seems to me, is the crux of the matter. By 'readability' I and I think many commentators really mean 'the power to engage'. And the books that have the power to engage me are indeed those that are challenging (linguistically, structurally, morally and politically etc): I like to be made to think, I like to have my perceptions overturned, I am thrilled by writers doing interesting things with language. I am dissatisfied by books that fail to do these things (and which happen to be the books that sell best) - actually, I find them unreadable - and I don't think it makes me the snob Mullin and Rimington imply. I'm doing exactly the same as those people who like mass market fiction in that I'm reading books I enjoy.
http://drey.orgfree.com/Political – Visit the Ocular Stream’s political section, for dozens of hard-hitting documentaries and films, all packed with physical evidence and sworn testimony.
Her fence is a die manufactured by Marianne.
Waaaay back in the pre-neolithic era we took part in a similar competition run by Viacom, and were fortunate enough to have 16-sheet poster for Krispy Kreme shortlisted, the fossilized remains of which can be seen below...
Seems like most of our photo files involve buildings, historical things, monumental things, big heads, trees or funny people doing silly things. Not much in the way of flowers. Yes there are gardens, but we never seem to catch them in the full fig of spring floweryness.
I’m back, you like it or not … today I’ve booked the date for my visa test … omg! I am panicking already! … so as I said yesterday I’ll be posting again but not so often so I still have time to take care of what is the most important thing atm.
REVOLUTIONARY LEADERSHIP AND THE ROAD FORWARD
On with my card,
It's me!
Natural Suburbia: What is your creative process and how long have you been crafting?
6.Hing : a pinch
My PT said ...
or at least pretended you did!
I hope to hear your ideas about the concepts of process, learning, discipline, etc. Do you have a story to share? Feel free to comment on this article so we can all learn from each other.
So yeah, I've been distracted lately.
Any thoughts...please share.
After reading through the stories I received, I have decided to start a second blog, to give people a place to give and get support from others who are dealing with similar issues. I'm calling it "Parent-Free By Choice." The posts will be stories from (mostly anonymous) readers, who want to share their experiences. It will be a supportive, empowering, compassionate place.
500g veggies (I don’t care what you use. Celery, carrots and other hard things probably work best though)
It sure was hot, the sun forced its way down on us ,consumed us and burned our toes through our boots. We sat there looking out over the red roasting desert with the flies buzzing around after the moisture in our eyes. Milligan reached into his tunic and took out his flask “Ive still got a good few shots of whiskey left here ,we might as well not waste it.” He took a good long sip and passed it over. “Darn good whiskey’ I said. “plenty of gold to buy plenty more later’ said Milligan “What you gonna do with your share?” “Dunno, not had much time to think about it with riding so hard with that posse chasing, maybe buy my ole mama a house, settle down an find me a woman, an get a piece of my own ,grow some corn ,have a few cows and some little uns of my own. Im getting too old for this train robbing game. Milligan was smiling “You aint gonna do that, you going straight to the parlour an drowning yourself in women an whiskey together with me ,soon as we cross that border” ‘Yeah well plenty gold for that too” I replied
She saw potential of this hidden jewel and transformed the shabby 125 square feet cottage into a dreamy, ethereal, breathtaking dreamhouse with a Victorian feel.
The most recent installment of Uniqlo+J is bound up in the same sort of fanfare, but does it deliver? Collectively, the clothes comprise a mood-board of the moment; a lesson in minimalism, they are understated in shape, in muted tones, referencing the season’s love affair with colour-blocking, utility wear and, um, beige.
I swear I had no idea that this would happen, I agreed to take little Cheddar at such young age because his momma is kind of forgetful and she forgets most of the time about her newest litter of kittens. That's what happened to Magia and she doesn't even know how to bathe herself... So I thought, if Mia is such a good mother and is already nursing a 4 kittens litter we could kind of mix him into the litter for Mia to raise... As I just said, that didn't worked. So I had to call all of the new guardians of my grandkittens so they can pick them up ASAP; I want them to be happy.
“He had his ticket book in one hand as he walked up to the window,” says Carey, “but he had the other hand on his gun.”
This summer, inaccurate and misleading information about B. pertussis whooping cough and the pertussis vaccine is being put out there by medical doctors, who should know better. Media campaigns designed to create fear about infectious disease are nothing new. This one appears to have three goals: first, to emphasize pertussis risks while ignoring vaccine risks; second, to place blame for whooping cough cases and deaths on the unvaccinated; and, third, to attack religious and conscientious belief exemptions, which serve as informed consent protections in U.S. vaccine laws.
Yep, you could say we were in pretty good shape as we set off from Birmingham and headed for a rather pleasant 40ish miles on and off road to our first stop in Bewdley.
once the oil and honey are more liquid add it and the banana to the dried mix and stir well.. you could add linseed at this stage if you so wanted.
Procrastination.
After the American Revolution, the US Navy all but disappeared except on paper. Sadly, we Americans assumed that, given our distance from the centers of European powers, we need not bother to operate a regular intelligence system to keep abreast of foreign developments.
For the curing mix:
It has not affected his ability to consume many many dried blueberries. This kid is filled with anti-oxidants.
Sonny (Dev Patel), along with his siblings, inherited The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel from his father. He alone stays at the hotel to manage and run it. The problem, he is marketing it as a luxurious palatial type hotel. That is far from reality. It is old and run down. Most things don’t work. He is fighting with the banks, and his family, to get more money, and time, to make it what he dreams it can be.
In 1910 Russian Jews established a new town called Migdal near the ruins of the old one. The ruins pictured above are not yet open to the public.
I’ve always believed in the importance of the tone we set. If people sitting in governmental agencies, charged with poring over pages of documents to approve requests for citizenship can make the process unfold in such a thoughtful and special way, I do believe it shouldn’t be tough for us to do the same consistently in our schools (or any other organization). Our kids deserve nothing less!
I saw this challenge yesterday, and they also gave this verse as a freebie, so I thought I would do something a little different.
Sometimes, don't you just love turning off and being entertained without challenge... I'm about to start a lazy Sunday...
* Hand written journalling - preferably lots of it!
The workers are busy and progress is slow,
In the same vein (Get it? Get it?), what kind of a Dracula fan would want to see their lead character reduced to a breast-biting Yiddish goofball whose biggest conceit is guessing what stupid thing he's going to say next? And for that matter, why would ANYONE want to watch something so seriously conflicted that it doesn't matter what you're into? One way or another, your fantasy is going to be ruined.
Even though I haven't been using this product long enough to see real results, I had to share it with you because I already really like this serum. I don't need lifting per say, but its never too early to start fighting the battle against aging. I do feel it helps to smooth my skin and firm it.
Our 45. Challenge is starting tomorrow and we would be very happy if you play again with us.
Actually this was easier than when I had to build an Egyptian ‘Shaduf’. But that was a while ago and I have no pictures. I’ve no idea what has happened to my, I mean our, shield. Its probably propping up one of the school walls or something.
The boy’s father, Fred Goodwin, an electrician, sought out a better life by moving to Niagara Falls, N.Y., where he had secured a job at a hydroelectric generating station.
Jazz – Pennies From Heaven
* While Pete was getting punched, I couldn't help but think "Connor wouldn't have put up with this," Connor also would have never lusted after that high school senior (way, way too young).
Eating a huge meal that Tom and I had cooked up. It's something we all enjoy and to a certain extent, largely take for granted.
Then a small furry biped—trusting, appealing, and ridiculously cute—shows up at Jack’s outback home. Followed by its family. As it dawns on Jack that despite their stature, these are people, he begins to suspect that ZaraCorp’s claim to a planet’s worth of wealth is very flimsy indeed…and that ZaraCorp may stop at nothing to eliminate the “fuzzys” before their existence becomes more widely known.
And tonight, with the annual Rochester house party in full swing, things are about to get sexed up...
The second book I just started is the first book in Maggie Stiefvater’s Wolves of Mercy Falls series, Shiver. I’ve liked most of the popular YA novels I’ve read so far (a la Matched, Delirium, The Hunger Games, Twilight, etc) and those ones have surprised me at how much I liked them. I was a little hesitant to pick this one up because I’m not one for the wolf/werewolf theme, but there was no denying how often I saw it pop up on GoodReads everywhere I looked. When I saw it in a Goodwill the other day (a GREAT place to buy used books, by the way), I couldn’t pass it up. Again, only a few chapters in, but so far I’m interested. I’ve only briefly gotten an overview of Grace’s backstory and the introduction of the first meeting/incident between her and Sam. Very interested to see how the story will go and I hope it’s just as good as the reviews I’ve seen!
Have you "bean"?
Should you speed, the water police will intercept you, fine you and may ban you from using the water.
The woman said it was my word against hers but because I was making a fuss they would send someone round to empty my bin. I asked them to empty the neighbour's bin too as it was out on the street next to mine.
5 well rounded tbsp of strong white bread flour
the spot!
“This Federal Reserve Act establishes the most gigantic trust on earth. When the President (Wilson) signs this bill the invisible government of the Monetary Power will be legalized.”- Hon. Charles A. Lindbergh, Sr.
Overall, I'm a fan. It's not quite what I was looking for, but it's still tasty. Definitely something to build upon. It is rather thirst-quenching and quaffable, so it can't be that bad. The next Stone Soup Ale should be coming towards the end of March or early April, right after we brew the '09 Ides of March RIS.
41. Congo: Michael Crichton
skullcandyracing@gmail.com
“Shall you?” Jamie mimics back. I blush and stumble out. This poor interviewee is going to have the worst half hour of her life I think.
If you'd like to enter for both prizes, you can include your plans in a single comment. (I'm using 'plans' quite loosely, here--if your immediate plans include nothing more than petting the pretty fabric, that counts!)
I am beyond excited about The Hunger Games movie. I devoured all three books in the series and love that it was filmed in North Carolina. If it wasn't for my "mom duties," I would have camped out, swung from trees, or whatever else it might have taken to land a part as an extra.
A good third of the main paper’s content today will be liver-chopped and changed a bit to reappear largely unchanged in tomorrow’s tabloid reading-age-of-14 Times edition. This means you will have another chance to wonder about the gay Dean about to sue the Church, hedge fund managers helping trophy women fight divorce cases in return for a share of the take, Britain’s hidden Somali pirate ransoms (another five month old story), and parents paying £1000 per hour to super-tutors for their kids. The equally risible News Review pull-out (‘new friend-trend’ online good deeds blockbuster, Queen loves horses sensation) is as always saved only by the regular anchors like Jeremy Clarkson and increasingly absent Minette Marrin. Even Simon Jenkins seems to have jumped ship. A truly awful piece by Magarette Driscoll this weekend tries to claim that Anthony Worrall-Thompson’s case is just the tip of a national shoplifting epidemic. The worst kind of attach-an-old-story-to-a-celeb, its opportunism was matched only by Ms Driscoll’s profound conclusion that the TV chef is ‘suffering some kind of mid-life crisis’. Not leprosy then, or septicaemia maybe? Some kind of mid-life crisis. God help us.
Perhaps, in an attempt to tamp down any resultant rumors, Martha immediately remarked, “I thought it was James Bond. It’s you, though, in a self-tied bow tie…. You took that great picture of Erica and Geraldo. And, I think you, maybe, should be available for weddings because that’s a beautiful shot of them.”
into another world when muscles push
“A lot of relationships can change, but some will not – that is the bad news. Your decision may be that closing a door makes more sense to you than always having to knock on it to see if your passive-aggressive spouse is in or out. Leaving, sometimes, is your only solution. If, over the years, most of your energy is expended on short-lived and essentially ineffective repairs to the relationship, rather than living the relationship with its pleasures and pains, it may be time to get out.
Makes me very interested to think about what could be done to a lager. Folks weren't shy about experimenting when the process was quantified in the 1800s: we got schwarzbier, erlanger, budweiser, pilsner, wiener, helles, dunkles, bock, doppelbock, eisbock, rauchbier, braunbier...and then what? A couple damned world wars come along, the communists slap down the production quotas, and brewers stop thinking of anything except how to make more of it cheaper? That's nothing but embarrassing. I left Tröegs with thoughts buzzing in my head.
Thank you for getting me to new places and saving me from a stagnant existence. It’s a big world full of different perspectives and I’d never experience any of it without you.
Today was such a beautiful day in so many ways. The weather was amazing and we were blessed by a team from Kansas who came to build stoves, teach nutrition classes and handing out Bibles to families in our area.
The meeting that really count are the social ones. Periodically the team gets together face to face and works and most importantly bonds. Because they are all on the road, they spend a lot of the time socially. THIS is the glue that works better than being “at the office” all day with people that you don’t really know.
Walking by him later in the day, sometimes I ask:
In order for it to make any sense, we first have to break down some commonly held assumptions – the biggest being the mind is a separate entity from the body, and is in charge of what’s going on.
A couple of weeks ago a friend gave me four artichokes. She asked me to cook them and write a post.
Turquoise slim belt - Salvation Army
78. Did you know mileage reimbursement is now .41 cents?? I found that out yesterday, cha ching!!!
The Artistic Journey will begin on October 5th (around 2 pm) and end on October 7th (around 3 pm), 2012 at the home of The Crafty Scrapper in Waxahachie, TX (approximately 30 minutes south of downtown Dallas).
5) Sales commissions. Any sales commission paid to realtors should be accompanied by a factura from the realtor. These are also deductible.
The three books are entitled, Fifty Shades of Grey, Fifty Shades Darker and Fifty Shades Freed. The description on Amazon.ca is as follows:
Even sunrise and sunset
First attacked Ann Romney,and now they Attack Both Ann and Mitt Romney for saying not have an enough life experience…Well what experience are they lacking?
May- July
A native Bostonian gave me his recipe for baked beans shortly after I moved back to the city. It sat forgotten in my email in-box for years, and when I found it recently I lamented that I’d missed the wintry window of opportunity in which beans are so perfect. Then this cold snap hit and wham, I made beans. Since they take about 24 hours to prepare, some planning is needed, but it’s 98 percent hands off. I’d recommend soaking the beans during the day while you’re at work and then in the evening transferring them into a crock pot, bean pot or dutch oven and cooking them slowly overnight. Add a couple hotdogs, sausages or fish cakes and you’ve got a majorly great meal. Don’t want to wait until dinner? Serve with eggs, toast and bacon for a Boston take on a full English breakfast.
He emphasized that Iran is not just a danger to Israel.
The giveaway is open to anyone from the UK and will be open until midnight on Tuesday 10 April 2012.
I do apologize for lots of things: 1) My naked, white belly, 2) my pajamas and 3) my dirty mirror (in both sets).
Andy Garcia (Jennifer 8)
Stamps: The Open Sea, Perfectly Penned
She is always adding new custom pieces, I love there is always a variety!
I'd kiss them, and then pay all our bills and then go shopping. DUH.
And a couple of weeks ago a friend and I had the opportunity to help a lovely young woman and her mom decorate for this important occasion.
Everyone has a story.
Rylie has always been one of those kids who plays with boys and girls fairly indiscriminately. Even at this age when many of her friends have been focused on playing with just girls or more girl things, Rylie continues to love playing in the dirt, pretending to be a pirate or monster, and her new love since our move East and the arrival of Spring- climbing trees. Point being, Rylie plays with boys all of the time. She has a ton of friends who are boys. But this time, it is different...
under the rubble and they are from
Of course, we've always had light-bodied, low-alcohol, low-calorie beer. In fact, the regular macros are pretty damned low-cal. A standard Bud or Coors clocks in at 150 calories, while their light version runs about 100. But draft Guinness has just 125 calories. Deschutes Cascade is 140. Widmer Hef is 159. (Buy low alcohol, light-colored beer, and you can be assured it's relatively low-cal.) The average man eats 2,500 calories a day--if he's putting away so many beers that he has to watch the difference between 125 and 150 calories, he's got a bigger problem than a beer gut.
3D was a huge accomplice in these kinds of films too, with Jane Russell knocking both your eyes out and daggers flying right at your head. And just as in-your-face as these was William Castle, the undisputed king of "gimmicks". He knew what people wanted in films - to be entertained, even if there was no entertainment to be had onscreen. Just give 'em a mild electric shock in their seats, ghosts appearing and disappearing, skeletons flying high overhead... that'd hold 'em. No doubt about it, there was a whole fun house of thrills to be had with a "gimmick film".
This is precisely why I do my writing on a laptop that has no Internet connection.
The FLSA’s child labor provisions, in short, are labor laws designed to protect the educational opportunities of youth and prohibit their employment in jobs that are detrimental to their health and safety. Essentially, the FLSA restricts the hours that individuals under 16 years of age can work and lists hazardous occupations too dangerous for young workers to perform.
Mobile and maufactured homes come in different sizes. There are three categories of homes: Singlewide, doublewide, and triplwide (or more). Each home is one or more sections build as a set to be a finished home on the space to be occupied. The sections are built in a factory and then shipped via truck to the site where they will be put together. Normally, you will find most homes are one or two sections. Hiring a contractor that has experience with installing mobile homes is crucial to avoid problems with the foundation and utility hookups. Also, having the plans approved before the home is built is essential. The park manager or whomever owns the land the home will sit on must sign off on the plans before construction is started – otherwise you could end up like some people who install a home that is too big. There have been cases of people who end up cutting a foot or so of house off the end to make the home fit on the spot.
Referral prize: The two bloggers who refer the most people will receive a $10 Amazon e-code for your effort. Just make sure to add on your announcement that they should add your blog name or url in the referred by section on the signup form. This bonus will be paid the on or before May 7th after your referral links have been verified.
This was the first time that I was actually was excited about Target launching new lines. Why? Because a large chain decided to work with boutiques. Small independent ones. And boutiques need more help than ever right now. The available collections were co-created by the boutiques and Target, capturing each shop's unique aesthetic and personality.
They also analysed complaints, from which they learned that many elderly patients had not received help with eating.
The film blends this drama with typical elements of a science fiction thriller. The military are all over the crash site and denying there was anything dangerous on the train. Next they are all over the town searching for something. Jackson is the town’s deputy sheriff and he’s kept busy investigating people and dogs disappearing and lot strange thefts. The sheriff himself is one of those who has gone missing leaving Jackson in charge. Meanwhile Joe is trying to find out more about the crash, much to the frustration of Charles who wants to use presence military in the town in his film.
March 9, 2012
And so as all good things must come to an end...
I would love to hear from other Moms who have been through this, as I actually feel a little in denial that I will really be back in that routine again. It's almost like I feel I just have to do one day and that's it.
There's another customer that comes in every other day and asks if I'm pregnant yet. So I finally told her that when I do get pregnant, she will be the first person to know.
There are so many great reasons to swap books - for one, it is eco-friendly! Instead of buying new books that require trees to be cut down, processing, printing (probably not with soy based inks) and shipping, you are REUSING books - giving them a longer lifespan! This is also a great way to get rid of books that haven't been read in a long time (or maybe have been read so many times it's time for a break!) and its a great way to de-clutter your shelves.
More recently, I was at my brother’s house to meet his new baby – my niece, Julia. While admiring petit Julia’s adorable little smile, she dropped her blanket. Stooping down to pick it up, I saw my brother’s bare feet casually resting on the sandstone of his pool area. As I nonchalantly gazed at his feet and then mine, I realized for the first time that we have the same feet – only his are bigger and male. Where my feet are soft and supple his are a bit rougher, harrier and more tanned. Let me tell you – he has got some handsome feet! I almost laughed out loud, but resumed admiring Julia instead. Right now you’re probably thing, what in the world are you talking about!?
So, what do I have to say after mulling over my game versus Ivan?
“Everyone wanted to say: ‘We all have good intentions,’” he said.
The prompt for Week Two was to write a flash fiction piece about the picture below. As soon as I saw it, I wanted to do something bize-sized and surreal, so that was what I went for. Whether I was successful remains to be seen!
No pain.
Here’s what happened this year instead:
responsibility of teaching the people of the world the way to live (Matthew
Disclosure: Thanks to PR Firm/sponsor I was provided with this product(s) for the purpose of my personal review. This blog post is not a paid post and the honest opinions stated are my own. This giveaway is in no way associated with Facebook, entry via Facebook like is completely
I ended up in Charlotte with my parents between jobs. I had left Scripps and had taken a week before starting at Groupon. The purpose of our Charlotte mini-vacation? Mom had a conference, so Dad and I would hang around Charlotte all day then meet up with Mom post-conference.
I choose to serve The LORD My God with my Body and to love Him with all my strength, with all my soul, with all my spirit and with all my resources, to His Glory in Christ Jesus, Amen!
And so two (later three) lost souls find themselves through finding each other, and this magical adventure begins.
Below are the lyrics to “I See Love” by Third Day, Steven Curtis Chapman and MercyMe. It was made for The Passion of Christ.. and the video link includes a visual montage from the movie. Before you watch the video, prepare your hearts and gather some tissues. There really is no love greater.
5. Stamps
The United States of America isn’t just a super power. They are long time allies of Bahrain and other GCC countries. When the Arabs needed them most in the Iran-Iraq war, the US were on Iraq’s side and the results of that war made Iraq seem like they were inferior and allowed them to turn their backs on the GCC and start another war just a couple of years between the last war. The US was there and the GCC and US were able to put a stop to Saddam Hussein. The hate everyone had for Saddam grew all over the middle east and when he was attacked by the US, no one dared interfere because he was once the bad guy. Now, since he went out of the picture (literally), there are questions that float up in our heads that can never be answered.
“I believe in Jesus; I believe He is the Son of God, but every time I sit down to explain this to somebody I feel like a palm reader, like somebody who works at a circus or a kid who is always making things up or somebody at a Star Trek convention who hasn’t figured out the show isn’t real.”
Another cover shows newly appointed Dior designer Raf Simons sheltering from the camera beneath a selection of flowers. The image seems just right for the moment, the flowers symbolising Dior prettiness while the grey and Raf's slightly hidden face hint at the newness and rethinking which is surely to come at the label. There's an accompanying interview where Raf talks about his final Jil Sander collection and what motivates him as a designer. The issue is available next week on the iD site and at shops soon after.
The airstrip, as well as the rest of Ft. Benning, was a ghost town. Papers floated on the gentle afternoon breeze. A bobcat hissed at the soldiers from the doorway of the fire station and then ran for the nearby woods to the east.
One glass of orange juice taken each day can help prevent the formation of kidney stones. Or if the kidney stones are already there, they help the patients get better. Oxalates are practically dissolved into the citric acid contained by oranges. If you suffer from gallstones, the doctors recommend you to drink at least one half glass of orange juice everyday.
Simpson addressed the rumor mill herself in April, tweeting: “To everyone who keeps congratulating me on the birth of my baby girl … I’m still pregnant!”
One of the campaigners, Debbie Jolly, said there would “definitely” be further protests about Atos’s involvement in the 2012 games.But she stressed that the protests were not aimed at Paralympic athletes themselves. She said: “It is just bizarre and ironic that while Atos are considering people fit for work when they are not… the athletes will be competing under the Atos banner. “It is quite disgusting and I think a lot of disabled people feel the same way.”
Write a fictional mystery that will engage readers 9 to 12, in no more than 900 words. There is a fee of $15 if you're not a subscriber (but then you get to be one for 11 months -- that's good value) and the deadline is April 30, 2012.
Mr. Mangal summoned the American regional commander, Maj. Gen. Charles M. Gurganus of the Marines, to complain, and General Gurganus apologized, Mr. Ahmadi said.
In the afternoon we went to Gusar and had a short stop in the forest where we saw several Red-breasted and also a singing male Semicollared Flycatcher. Around the hotel there were Lesser Grey and many Red-backed Shrikes, Wryneck and Barred Warbler in the garden. Especially the latter one was quite angry on my tape and gave very close views.
Selecting the options for the Pencil tool.
what do you think?! do you have any favorites to share with me? any other colors you'd like to suggest?
There is a Commons Select Committee for each government department, who look at the spending and policies of the department and check that they are sensible. There are also committees to look into specific things like reports of misconduct by individual MPs.
Genre: Mystery, Karen Vail Series #2
Philip asked Jesus to see the Father, and Jesus said “Have I been with you all this time, Philip, and you still do not know me? Whoever has seen me has seen the Father. How can you say, “Show us the Father”?” Philip already had what he was looking for and he did not know it. And that is true with most of us. We have so much around us that we are blessed with and yet we still want something else.
One of the benefits of the race is the renewed interest in cleaning up the Bayou Teche. Volunteers from Blake Couvillion’s clean-up organization, Cajuns for Bayou Teche, and workers from the Parish and City governments along the bayou are helping to return the Teche to a pristine condition and make it the recreational and cultural showplace of South Louisiana. You’ll find information on Blake Couvillion’s army of clean-up volunteers and information on the Tour du Teche canoe race at www.techeproject.com.
I was out and about this weekend when I remembered the boys in my house are running low on socks. Whoa, how about that for an opening line?! I bet you can't wait to read the rest of this post! But hang with me.
Ibrahim Saleh Mujahid al-Khalifa, an AQAP leader who coordinated efforts to raise funds in Saudi Arabia and funnel them back into Al Qaeda in Yemen, was recently killed by Yemen’s security forces.
"YOU KNOW I COULD NEVER LOVE ANYONE ELSE"
In between all this gardening malarkay - I've had my mother to stay and lost my children - all in all a normal week I guess? Made a few of Robyn's cinnamon whirls - they looked better uncooked than cooked! Somehow or other I don't have the knack with these! Although the recipes amazing.
DVD Details
People who are busy pleasing everyone around them will find that they're so busy worrying about what others think of them, that they're actually the loneliest people on earth.
Biggie: Fine!
As someone who has for periods of time posted at DailyKos, and who briefly once had ‘trusted user status,’ I know quite well how this functions as a community. While it is a politics blog, it has spawned spin-off blogs (ie: mothers interested in liberal politics), sub-communities (ie: BlackKos, LatinoKos), and series of weekly articles that rise and fall in popularity (ie: Darksyde’s science posts). There are superstars, and ideas grow and decline in a virtual ecosystem.
Richard watched as the first bit of morning traffic started down Foxtrot Road. Arthur Hudson’s construction pickup truck passed by, the noise of its motor rather brutal against the backdrop of dawn. A few minutes later, several vehicles passed by in a thin line of traffic, headed to the textile mill in Otter Brook where the six o’ clock shift would start soon.
At any rate it will happen....eventually.
In addition to whatever the house beer was, there were a lot of drinks that were basically un-aged white whiskey with other things added to make them palatable. These could contain a multitude of flavoring agents as well as drugs like camphor, for instance.
You know how the French have this amazing reputation for being the world's greatest gastronomes? You know the whole Michelin star thing is a French administered system? And you know how haughty the French can be about how superior is their cuisine compared to that of any other nation?
Button Kit and Buttons (I used 1" buttons)
3.You have a collection of songs coming out "Mr.Gikokovich 2000-2005: A
- Tunel
Contractions simply will not work for another character in the novel, Zero.
But when we go to Disney, it's a food fest!!! I don't watch what we eat, I don't count calories...I just enjoy and indulge!!
The montage where Jim Carrey's Mark and his dorky friends Jamie (Thomas Ballatore) and Russ (Skip Lackey) drive through Hollywood, much the same way Heidi Holicker, Nicolas Cage, Deborah Foreman and Cameron Dye did in Valley Girl, is the film's first standout scene. Capturing the garish vitality and upstart spirit of the mid-new wave period, this sequence is filled with shots of neon signs and the funky fashions of the day, and perfectly sums up the glorious era. If only every film had a late night driving montage through Hollywood circa 1981-85.
Not content to merely talk about it, or send a USPS letter about it (long distance! too expensive!), they made their own “fanatic magazines”, or fanzines. These were the rawest of raw by the most amateur of amateurs. The art was drawn, and then hectographed (by gelatin plates) or sometimes a raid to the local high to use the mimeograph machine!
(Sorry the pictures are not in order...)
Keep a “belief journal.” Write down your core values and beliefs. Determine which ones serve you and which ones don’t. Constantly review it and make adjustments.
Just when I think I can't be more proud of one of my kids, something happens that just takes my breath away.
Benjamin Netanyahu also mentioned the hardships his parents faced after his brother Yoni was killed in Entebbe. “Your foresight led you, 35 years ago, after Yoni was killed, to focus an international intellectual effort against global terror. You said that the thing standing behind terror was policy and then terror could be vanquished.
No matter how many speeches are given or how many news articles are written, it will be a long time if ever before the truth about Mandela is told.
today i'm going to try and remember that.
In Milwaukee, for example, an attack on whites at a public park a few years ago left many of the victims battered to the ground and bloody. But, when the police arrived on the scene, it became clear that the authorities wanted to keep this quiet.
It all started last Saturday when Malone came down with a fever. Turns out she had roseola. Then, the Hubs got a sinus infection. Then, I got a sinus infection. Then, Mother's Day happened. I hosted and worked church nursery that morning all with a lovely sinus headache. Then, on Tuesday morning we found out we had been ROBBED!?!?! I won't get into all the details but let's just say someone is $4,000 in cash richer tonight.
Luke: Sure, I'm good. It's not like I have to get back down there shakes head in direction of Endor, looming in the window or anything. Damn, I've felt so dirty since Obi-Wan told me about that whole sister thing.
Today our parents are no longer with us, but we are blessed to have worked with them for over 30 years, and were mentored by them throughout our lives. They invested in all of us family, friends, and colleagues; and today we are reaping the benefits of their investment.
Background consistency check : Disabled
ANYWAY – who should it be on my mobile but one of these people. So we have a little conversation, in which she says ‘I’m feeling very lonely at the moment. How about I come visit you some time (from another city)?’ and I say ‘That’s a lovely suggestion but I’m really busy right now – maybe we could just email for now?’ And I ring off and think,
Oh yes, had a good read of the possible side effects from this medication that's supposed to ease my anxiety and depression. May cause, "Insomnia, dizziness, sleepiness, lack of sleep, headache, diarrhoea, feeling sick, dry mouth, fatigue and feelings of anxiety and depression....." Oh yeah, I'll have some of that!
It just seems as if the media lacks the ability to discuss this case accurately and intelligently....and it has led to all sorts of misinformation. If they televise this trial... (and I don't think the networks could resist the ratings opportunity) it will turn into a complete circus. I will be subjected to more stupid commentary (what I mentioned above is just a portion). All of the facts in the case will be disregarded...and it will turn into a stupid Black vs. White event.... because, for one thing, the networks can make more money from ratings if they can feed into that frenzy. It will be a show trial. Nothing will be gained in the end.
I have been thinking about a couple of people that are in my recovery hall. They are smart, very quick and full of book knowledge from all the literature of NA. When they share, if a new person came in they would think, wow, those two know a lot. What they don't know is how to hook all that knowledge up to their spirits and actually get recovery. Instead of spouting off book shit for over five minutes, a simple "I'm scare or I'm confused, or I need help" would get them much further along. I had to ask a friend if I shared like that when I came in because I wasn't sure. She said I didn't and that I was sincerely asking for help and admitting I didn't know what I was doing. I don't like anyone to open two books when they share and point out sentences and passages like they were doing us a favor and have prepared lessons or sermons for us. I feel like if they don't learn how to shut up and simply state their feelings they are going to have a few more years of floundering and being disconnected. I personally like being the newcomer. I don't have to pull amazing and wise shit out of a hat. I'd like to share my experience with you but I don't want to say anything that I have not gotten some sort of organic, living, breathing comprehension of the topic of discussion in recovery. You are smart, and quick, we get it. What the fuck is that good for if you can't use it to have a day without using or obsessing to use. Stop worrying about what you look like on the outside, what you drive, what you work at. I don't know if anyone is going to speak up or not. We love you regardless and as good at recovery as you get, you never get to graduate.
And it's not like we have slack acting. Douglas again plays the stalwart authority figure and pulls off Yelland as well as some of his best work in In Harm's Way and Seven Days In May. Farentino's take on the commander who is also a history buff plays well in the role of the character who is there to explain why the Nimitz is in 1941, what they should and shouldn't do as officers (or as humans) and provide logical commentary to the jingoism surrounding him. Sheen is a dependable everyman that he almost always played early in his career. Durning is dependable as always - in fact, I have yet to see a role I haven't enjoyed him in. We even get a part for Superfly himself, Ron O'Neal, as another officer who tries to come to terms with what is more madness than reality.
Writer Beware’s "Two Thumbs Down" Publishers List
But when I look at my life, on a daily basis, I don’t see chaos in the hour to hour, the minute to minute. I see, in fact, a lot of beauty. Beauty in Bojey’s voice as she un-self-consciously and un-abashedly sings “Baa, Baa Black Sheep” at full volume in the grocery store. Beauty in the hornet’s nest that fell from the tree, beauty in the tulips and daffodils finally popping up after a harsh winter. Beauty in the fact that when Ninna is given a box of candy at school, instead of hoarding it all herself, she says “Look, there are two of each kind! They must have known I have a baby sister!”
I added a couple more beads, some silk cord, and sequins!
And nothing is certain in the world of international adoption. I think we may be ok. I think we may have dodged a bullet. I wish I could be more certain with you here but alas I can't.
Problem is, I really do have several people I want to give a gift to this year. And I'm broke. And I have, well...rather a lot of yarn. Hand knits really are my best option. So...
Not too bad.
I won’t for the purposes of this article drive in to the finer details of the publishing packages, but suffice to say, no prisoners were taken during the making of these packages. Even at the bottom end two packages, an author is getting pretty basic stuff for a hefty fee, but then, this has not stopped Author Solutions from producing the largest turnovers in author solution services through charging such fees with their own imprints like Xlibris, AuthorHouse and Trafford. So what do I know? Time then to watch this space and see where the quality lies in this partnership, and more to the point, that it will rise to the surface and prove a successful business model others in the industry will quickly look to adopt.
Finally, this song goes out to both Ambiga and Pak Lah…take it away Meja!
I also want lots of windows in my dream kitchen. Lots of sunshine pouring in.
In the picture at the top, you'll also see a Recipe book. Cheyenne made that for Natalie a year or so ago for Christmas. This is a place Natalie can jot down her favorite recipes she got from 4-H, or while she's cooking at home. It has the sections of Breads, Misc. Cheyenne also found some cute food quotes to go with a couple of them: "Man cannot live by bread alone...he needs peanut butter and jelly to go with it"; "You do not like them, so you say. Try them, try them, and you may. Try them and you may, I say."; "You get what you get, so don't throw a fit!"; and "The problem - how to get 2 lbs. of chocolate home in a hot car. The solution - eat it in the parking lot." She also decorated it with cute cooking stickers.
Workshops are the heart and soul of the conference experience. Enrollment is limited to 12 lucky writers, who spend their mornings workshopping their manuscripts in an intimate, rigorous and friendly setting. Each workshop has its own focus and tone as set by the teacher, but generally speaking there is a lively balance of writing, reading and group discussion.
definition can describe you. Finally, get a Bible and find Paul’s
Can you recall such an experience in your own life? Let me share one memorable example from about 15 years ago.
"no, I'd be scared."
Both YX and XJ never like to eat 'Char kuey teow'. Normally, they will only eat the fried eggs. Since they don't like it, we never offer to them whenever we have 'char kuey teow'. However, yesterday they seems to have a change of their taste bud.
The Gift of Love
The last post of this three part blog on Jericho… ”Going Crazy to Stay Sane” is coming out on friday.
I emailed two students with whom I had scheduled supervisions on Wednesday. I also send my apologies to the whole masters group who were reading their creative writing pieces in Wednesday afternoon. I had really been looking forward to it. Some of them send me their work by email.
Speaking of Miss L Fire, if you follow them on Facebook, then you will have seen that they have just released images of their Autumn/Winter 2011 collection, and eeeek!!! Its a goody!!! Every year us vintage girls complain about not finding the perfect vintage looking boots and shoes. They have three pairs in this coming season's collection that I think will give me the perfect winter footwear wardrobe
Best to you and yours on this day,
Let us go to the zoo with philosophy – favourite places for family outings – and look at the animals. There are a huge number of creatures to see – owls, eagles, lions, even a mole in Marx (well grubbed). The animal of choice, for Stiegler, is the stag that, both vigilant and grazing, can protect its young as it nibbles away at the undergrowth.
I am a big fan of the long ago discontinued HBO series Deadwood. I had it on my Amazon wishlist. When Amazon sent me an e-mail last week with a one time offer of the complete Deadwood series on DVD for 50% off, I bought it. Did any of you Cocksuckers get the complete Deadwood series for 50% off? I didn't think so.
Under an Equal Money System, there would be no need for drug cartels to exist, for they only exist out of the desire for big money. The desire for big money may still exist in human beings after EMS is installed, but the problems of drug trafficking would diminish because the grunts who do it to survive could turn away from it, and people would be able to discuss their addictions more sensibly. Equal Money will not support self-destructive behavior with human beings, because let’s face it, human beings love to destroy themselves, but EMS can make access to drugs unsatisfying, problematic and exceedingly difficult to enjoy. Most of all, Equal Money can make drugs and the violent oppression it generates unnecessary. And that is something we’d like to see.
A. Tradeoffs. Coal kills directly. Annoying people maybe less deadly. Fukushima is killing people too, not to be alarmist but more acute than negatives of wind.
So we see here that each member of the heavenly Trio is not a 3-in 1, or a 1-in 3 God, but adistinct eternal Being.
To be able to participate you must have high blood pressure. If you don’t know if you have high blood pressure we will measure it for you for free. Just contact us to set up an appointment as below.
Good examples of contemporary architecture that arouse our senses tend not have an apparent gender and that is the exact reason why architecture can be flashy, seductive and exiting to the senses but not sexy per se…
