While looking for a nice pick of taking the plunge…
Australia beat England at the game.
I don’t even care, I took a cold shower and walked around in my bra and panties all morning haha If I could have drove around like that, then it wouldn’t have been so hot lol Instead I put on my jeans and my usual cardigan and headed out in to the world. I can’t wear short sleeves, my arms could kill someone…I don’t want to be locked up!!! lol
I wanted it all, and at least in terms of money, I could afford it. Something about her was different…I still don’t know what it was. She wasn’t exceptionally beautiful or intelligent…or even charming. Yet she had enough of each of those qualities to keep me intrigued, just like my wife did when we first met in college.
trampled hearts, stood-up dates and empty glasses of whiskey.
I am very project oriented in all aspects of my life. I have a knack for seeing the big picture, creating strategies, goals, and tasks, and then implementing plans to see the project to completion. Hopefully it also requires me to learn new skills or to work with people I haven’t had the pleasure of collaborating with. Once the project is completed though, I am lousy at maintenance. Doing the same thing bores me to death and I find that every time I am in that situation, I end up reinventing the process and creating a new project.
The combination of fresh goat cheese, sweet strawberries, black pepper and balsamic vinegar is simply delicious. Not only did I enjoy my late lunch, I enjoyed even more reading Dorie’s story of how she stumbled upon the recipe. (The ingredients – baguette, soft goat cheese, ripe strawberries – toppled out of her flimsy grocery bag when she set it on the counter after returning home from the boulevard Raspail market one day.) I’m so glad I finally took this book down from the shelf. I have a feeling it won’t find it’s way back there anytime soon.
To see the power of loyalty is at the,
The best part about the conservatory is that it is built just off the 'dining area' of the kitchen and when we had the kitchen renewed in 2006 (OMG, doesn't seem that long ago!), we removed the doors and plastered it up to make it more cohesive but open space. Not having doors ensures that, while the temperature is colder in the conservatory - there is a huge difference by not shutting it off. The temp is more even between the kitchen and conservatory than it used to be.. We know that if we wanted to sell thought, we would have to re-instate the doors. It is great that the kettle is literally round the corner from my chair. The downside is that if I don't keep the area tidy - it can be seen from the kitchen by visitors - although most of my visitors by and large know all about my crafty habits.
I grew up a big comic book fan. One of the things we have consistently suffered through is the poor translation of our favorite characters from the four colored page to the big screen. The problem s reasonable--the characters have to be altered to appeal to a mass audience, not just geeky fan boys-- but recent times have introduced a golden age of super hero films faithful to the comics. You have a generation of filmmakers who grew up o comics to thank for that.
They came in the mail this week. I opened them up on Tuesday. Before I did, however, I heard a discussion about them on The Bert Show on Q100. Women were calling in who had read them, saying that they were a great love story. I also heard the word "bondage" more than once, and I immediately pictured some twisted serial-killer craziness. Apparently, the books talk about lots of "taboo" things that most women don't talk about, and apparently there are some women in Atlanta very turned on by these ideas. There were women calling in saying that the books helped them spice things up with their own lover. I stayed tuned into my radio, taking in what every radio caller had to say, and I have to admit, it got me curious.
Painting my best friend Sandy, as a mermaid was so much fun! I was thrilled when her daughter, Michelle commissioned a painting of her mom as a mermaid.....those of you who know me, know how I feel about mermaids! Well, to paint my bff as a mermaid? It doesn't get better than that! Quickly I started looking at all the photos of Sandy to find just the right one! Bingo! This photograph was taken at a little Wine Cafe in Hope Mills that we enjoy visiting from time to time.
Now for the healthiest of fats (and the ones you shouldn’t cut out of your diet!) DRUMROLL PLEASE…
Nobody seems to know what happened to Wendy Hill, and we only know a little about her background. She made three teener records on the Era label in 1961 and 1962, one of which, Without Your Love, made it to #111 on the Bubbling Under chart, but did much better in Phoenix and San Diego (Top 10) and Los Angeles, where it shows up at #24 on the KRLA-AM 1110 Tunedex Record Survey on 22 September 1961. Some think she had previously done childrens records for Peter Pan Records as Wendy Williams in the mid-1950s, but that's almost certainly incorrect as she would have been way too young at the time. I'm still tracking down leads.
I really love the way they look though best of all they were virtually free!
State Fair: entry forms must be postmarked by Aug. 26th if mailed. There is a form on the Tulsa State Fair site (www.tulsastatefair.com). The State Fair starts Sept 29th to Oct. 9th. We need our dollmakers to enter. The cost is $4.00 per doll to enter...Go to Tulsa State Fair Handbook for details. Go to competitive exhibits, Adult, Hand Arts to finf the doll information. Please consider entering since we need to represent our dolls to the public and entries the past two years have dwindled.
teary-eyed, feeling that my life had been changed
“But he persisted and now we take this stuff for granted, we don't think about it,” noted Mowat. “What he didn't do is say let's have a campaign to get people to wash their hands. Think about it, right, that's what he didn't do. What he did was to transform into the kind of society we have now where you don't have to worry about that kind of infectious disease because we collectively have changed the way we live in order to make that an easy and healthy choice.”
OK now is the first round draft pick who is expected to be the wonder kid for the team for several years to come Opening Day Starter Stephen Strasburg. He did well Opening Day in Chicago vs. The Cubs as I mentioned above. If he stays healthy this will be his first full season following his Tommy John Surgery. The way he makes his delivery I always worry that he will blow out his elbow again which would most likely end his career.
I came back full of positive energy, so much so that vowed not to let IF slow me down anymore. I took a chance and started a new job mid-June! I love my new job so I'm thrilled.
On Saturday, I taught the first two sessions of my Memoir Writing Course from my home and it worked out great. Probably one of the 5 per cent of what goes on in my life that didn’t get messed up with snafus. Today is just the opposite and I hope that doesn’t continue into this evening’s course session. Everyone and everything is “jumping” at me today with demands, snafus – you name it. So, maybe there is a lesson to be learned from the first day’s sessions (besides the memoir writing content).
During my senior year of college I got a job helping start up a Boys and Girls Club in my hometown of Cincinnati. I had no prior experience working with kids, but they hired me anyway because it’s hard to keep employees when you pay them $9.25 an hour to deal with 15 ten year olds collectively having a temper tantrum because you won’t let them watch Nicki Minaj music videos during computer time. All the boys and all the girls wanted to watch the videos, but for very different reasons. Most of the girls would invariably start dancing in sync with the video in ways that confirmed Ed Sullivan’s worst fears about the long term influence of Elvis’s inappropriate hip shaking. Most of the boys would just watch because, being boys who just recently discovered girls, it was what they did. Of course, for every generalization there is an exception and the exception at our club was Dequan (not his actual name).
He has knelt upon the sand.
The spiders sampled included 151 Tetragnathidae, 46 Salticidae, and 19 Araneidae. These three families represented 60.0 %, 18.4 %, and 7.6 % of the spiders in the samples respectively. These three spider families accounted for 86 % of the spiders collected.Samples contained 250 specimens in 12 families. Sheets of web have encased several mature oak trees and are thick enough in places to block out the sun along a nature trail at Lake Tawakoni State Park, near this town about 50 miles east of Dallas.
This is the first time I’ve been on my computer in a while, since getting an iphone. So.. Today I log in to FaceBook, just poking around to see what’s going on. Posting a bit to help promote Crystal & Sam’s music careers. http://xrl.in/587i
Here is a partial list of writing you will have to do before you start contacting the media. Remember – clarity, conflict, location, emotions
To celebrate my freedom, I had a touch-up color done and cut my hair short. I love it. Cute, feminine and springy. I will be doing the mani/pedi thing this weekend. I need it!
Part III: 2 AM to 4:30 AM
But by far the greatest concentration of them was in Ayrshire around Stevenson, Irvine and Kilwinning.
And you know what? Some years were better than others, but we've always had pretty good luck.
2. Add the shredded zucchini and shredded beets. Cook, stirring occasionally until they are soft, about 20 minutes.
Wednesday, 28 March: The owner of a house on a farm in the Donkerhoek area outside Zeerust shot dead an intruder in the early hours of the morning.
Acts 27:22
That's when my brain kicked into hyperdrive. I don't eat much rice these days, so I'm not likely to be making much risotto. I started thinking about how I could translate the flavors of risotto into another dish. What if I made the old standby - chicken - using the flavors of a basic risotto like saffron, wine, onion, and garlic? How would that taste?
KATONA
She was wondering what witty comments I’d have about this on my blog, but I just don’t see any humor. Perhaps those of you who don’t know those involved will be more amused. To me, a woman who, granted, had severe personal problems and needed to be fired as she caused a great deal of the club’s drama but I still did like to some degree on a personal level is maimed. Finger reattachment, while ultimately worth the money, is not cheap and she has no insurance and no job to pay for it. I doubt she could work in other fields, though I have a dim hope this will cause some sort of epiphany. Also, biting someone’s finger off is apparently a misdemeanor. Amber did start it, but biting off someone’s finger is just beyond the pale no matter how cornered you are.
Feder’s special area of interest was the Marxist distinction which is made between ‘exploitative’ and ‘productive’ finance (similar, I suppose, to the Marxist distinction between ‘surplus values’ and ‘labour value’). It is no surprise, then, that Hitler attuned himself to Feder and his revolutionary ideas and ideals.
I'm not much of a cook but one thing I do like to cook is roast chicken, and the chicken soup makes a tasty quick meal for the following night. So here's a recipe if you are a bit of a beginner cook like me!
But somehow, none of that matters to me, the cat-lover. (Though it all drives my husband, a lifelong dog guy himself, absolutely batty. Go figure.)
"Most people will recognise this front page does not represent the facts, is way over-the-top and will not endear itself to readers in Scotland. I have no doubt Scotland could stand on its own two feet if the Scottish people decided to go it alone, but the SNP owe it to Scots to be straight with us on the costs of separation."
Martha has been open for years and has a great selection with the best prices per yard.
In both cases, it was only after the death of each President that full Constitutional powers were restored to the citizens of the United States.
I was reading another surrogates blog (she's carrying twins) and someone commented that it was time for the babies to come out and give those sleepless nights to the parents. hahaha I loved that b/c honestly when I think of "the end" that's one of the highlights for me. Giving birth and then being able to roll over and go to sleep :) I still vividly remember MANY MANY sleepless nights with my youngest daughter and I am so relieved that I get to hand this one off. I'm sure they will be more than willing to get up at night to hold their little angel.
I do not know if any of this makes sense. It is all confusing to me, so how one reading this can make sense of it?
Before you think I am some kind of recluse, I would also seek inspiration in cafes in the central business district where I would do my revision there. Looking at successful business people ornamented in their power suits and ties, I told myself that I would be as successful or even more so in the future. It is in all these glimpses of what I could become in the future that created the inspiration and the motivation for me to keep on keeping on.
As with all empires, these “means” have become increasingly violent and destructive in the face of resistance. Yet, only a few more dominoes are left to knock over for America to complete a plan set in motion well before they were one of the colonies. That is unless, of course, other world powers break ranks and attempt to stop the conquerors, which could lead to a large scale conflict.
The month had a fantastic end with many great blogs being written in response to a post that someone wrote wishing they did not have Aspergers, under the Hashtag #autismpositivity2012.
Personality: ASSIDUOUS
- In Indiana, USA, during the 1950's, all Robin Hood films were banned because authorities thought that robbing the rich to give to the poor was an act of communism.
I haven’t signed up to any Government in this country since 1964, and I was wrong about that one too. The current 19th century Party system, media ownership structures, methods for financing capitalism, and bases on which our global consumption business model wobbles uneasily are irrational, doomed and dangerous. It’s not my job to rationalise the views I hold because (1) all the evidence supports me, not Ed Balls or Lloyd Blankfein, and (2) I’ve done so dozens and dozens of times before.
even in the same language you say the same thing in different sounds.
Tips:
After a visit to your physician you might still find yourself wondering just what should your blood pressure be. Fortunately, for most people the answer is simple. Normal pressure is considered to be around 120 over 80 and if your pressure rises to 140 over 90 or higher it will be considered to be too high and you will most likely be put on medication and monitored closely. You will need to visit your physician more frequently and he will probably require blood tests as well. One problem however is that ‘normal’ is different for different people and such things as medication, your age, the amount of exercise you take and other factors can change your pressure giving you a normal pressure with may be slightly different from the average.
The big race for Governor on the Democrat side was won by Walter Dalton (318,144 or 45.87%). Tough luck for Bob Etheridge (278,218 or 38.01%) — he won’t be touching any voters in this race it seems. Dalton and Etheridge were the only ones pulling in six figure results.
The British White Star Line ocean liner Titanic, making its very first voyage, was advertised as a technological wonder. Its planners, architects, and engineers had incorporated into it all the latest improvements in ship-building, making it, according to the publicity of the time, virtually unsinkable.
So welcome to my neck 'o the Woods!
Prior to dropping him at his truck, in an effort to be cute, I tried writing my cell number on his hand only to discover I was so damn tired I couldn’t remember what my cell number was. He had me call his cell. We parted ways with a long kiss in the parking lot. I hopped in my car and drove away. I’m not sure if I was out of the parking lot before I got a text from him, “Wow” is all it said. When we had been chatting the day before I had asked him what he was looking for and his response was, “I just want to make a connection you know?” So I responded to his text with one of my own, “Click”.
I was lucky enough to taste a thirty year old Liefmans Kriek that Dirk had fished out of his old cellar. An amazing experience - the beer was in a perfect condition, still with a lot of cherry flavour, but becoming more raisiny. It will be exciting to see what "new" old bottles will work their way from the old to the new cellar and eventually into the phonebook-sized beer menu, updated annually. That in itself may take some time.
My 454 on the floor with all my gods.
dem Wege zum Chaos, fährt betrunken im heiligem Wahn am Abgrund entlang
“I have scratch marks and bruises between my legs and on my body. In our car there was also blood from the first time I was raped,” she said.
Tune in early next week to hear the results and see some more great pictures from the event!
1. There is a choice between book type binding and ring binding, and I chose book type for both my 2011 and 2012 planners. The cover is thinner now, not a stiff hardbound like last year. It’s still hardbound, it won’t bend or fold, but the thinner cover makes it a bit lighter. I like.
Next write down a few things about each person...hobbies, likes, dislikes, needs, spoils etc... think about things they might have said, colours they like, smells, textures...my youngest for instance, loves bright colours, soft cuddly things and swoons over baking type smells...vanilla, chocolate etc...
The subject of the HBO double Emmy Award-winning documentary Autism: The Musical, The Miracle Project is an organization which brings Autistic children together to help them uncover their potential through music, dance, acting, storytelling and writing.
I know my photography is not very good - I will work on it!
The next stop on the blog hop is Tracie #8436's blog. Be sure to stop by all of the blogs on the hop many are giving away sur-prizes and you wouldn't want to miss out.
Wil's phone number and his son's address was also included. Hoping it wasn't too late, I sent him a text and I emailed his son, asking him to give Wil a few messages from me.
Back to square one. Is this amusing to you? At my roots, I believe I’m really just your average girl next door. Strip me of my issues, and forget about my past; how about you be a darling and help me throw off that chip on my shoulders? Look past my immaculate dressing, and pacify my sarcasm. Tick all that off the list, and then go a few steps further to eliminate all the drama – there you have it: Su Ann, raw. Sometimes I wonder what happens when you concentrate too much on what other people think of you; do you eventually forget yourself?
On the left there are 8 purpose built hutches. All made by my Uncle Albert from reclaimed wood. These are lined with tiles for ease of cleaning and have a separate sleeping and run area. Each hutch houses (normally) a single hedgehog and on the front is a data card.
Type of book: Suspense
Is a graceful bow?
State Senator Jeffrey D. Klein, a Democrat who represents part of the Bronx and Westchester, introduced a bill in January to raise the punishment for some cases of cyberbullying to a felony with prison time if the threatening messages are sent by someone on school grounds.
Sounds like good news worth sharing … not hoarding.
We have feeling.
First, define yourself in ten words and then write each word at the top of a different sheet of paper. My ten words, for example, were something like “creative, independent, gracious, learner, wordsmith, sophisticated, organizer, futuristic, ambitious, whimsical”. Then on each page, write why you chose that word, why it appeals to you and (I would add) one or two instances in which you demonstrated that trait. Next, put each page in order based on which you think best describe you. Finally, identify themes that run across the pages and put together a cohesive statement about what your job would have to involve in order to best serve all of the traits you’ve identified. This exercise helped me come to the conclusion that I am much better suited for the magazine world than for the world of book publising, because I thrive on a diversity of information and experiences — different tasks, varied subject matter, different roles. After my plane ride, my parachute was a palette of burgendies — still mostly dark, but with spots of incandescense, not entirely unlike the zinfandels and cabernets that I had been swirling around Napa all weekend.
The game piece of choice for most kids on my block was the 80's era tops from plastic gallon containers of milk. They basically looked like a cheaper plastic version of a Milton-Bradley checker piece, but hallow and open on one side. Acquiring those caps was step one. Step two was candles and crayons. The wax from either of those sources was like the difference between playing football with and without a helmet.
The properties, around 500 in all, include houses, offices, development land, agricultural land, hotels, pubs, industrial buildings and shops in Ireland, Northern Ireland and Great Britain.
You may be considering purchasing a replica watch, and wondering what the difference is between a fake watch, and one of the originals that they are imitating. If you are interested in finding out the differences, the first thing you may focus upon is the cost.
Chicago, Illinois.
stands his ground, even advances on the beast,
(Isaiah 65:17-18) “For here I am creating new heavens and a new earth; and the former things will not be called to mind, neither will they come up into the heart.
*If you use a silicone pan, be smarter than I was the first time. Put it on a baking tray so the melted crayon doesn't run everywhere when you remove it from the oven and you end up cleaning crayon wax out of the oven. D'oh!
taken by South Africa.
After the screening of Pardon Us For Living, we performed at Blumen Gardens (www.blumengardens.com), an 'event' location and landscaping nursery (!) that was one of the more unusual venues we have played. Proprietor Joel Barczak even gave us all daffodil bulbs as a parting gift. Then, toting our Sycamore Film Festival swag bags, we departed for Hamtramck, Buffalo and Hamilton.
This is a pretty cool test, check it out..
Thirdly, I’m glad I didn’t dream about an angioplasty, an icicle, or a ticket scalper and not just for practical reasons. You’ll have to take my word on this unless you want to check out the book because, yes, they are all real entries.
Keith Hudson’s Bloody Eyes is a very limited and highly desirable 12” release of the title track from the late reggae icon. These bluesy cuts of his murderous rasta anthem, “Bloody Eyes,” feature two crucial vocal mixes along with a pair of mind-juggling dub versions. The vinyl EP is packaged in a limited run of the extremely rare and original 12” Greensleeves’ house bags, which have not been reproduced for over 30 years until now. The “Bloody Eyes” single is off Hudson’s classic 1978 album Rasta Communication that has been completely remastered and expanded into a double-disc 27 track deluxe edition. The vinyl EP will serve as a companion piece for this revamped Rasta Communication album, which will be released on April 24, 2012 on Greensleeves.
In any case, maybe I’m being an ass for being so dismissive of the things the great one thinks will restore morality in our country.
I found the "Safe Place" I had put it.
West Coast USA — strong cell thunderstorms are coming ashore with the next low pressure system (our next big weather maker).
In a sense, yes, but the wind is transcendent to the forest.
After the presentation, the audience was invited to go up to the collection on the fourth floor of the Marriott Library.
'Let my guitar playing friend do my request.' (Let him...)
I woke up today at 8:45am, but I don’t work until 4pm, did my ablutions, drank a cup of coffee, watched an hour of BBC news on repeat; ever 15 minutes, and waited patiently for mother to return from her post exam appointment with the doctor. Her lungs are fine, but she has this repetitive cough. Has had now for 10 years. Maybe it is stress related or it is an allergen? We don’t know. She needs to know for closure. If it is a post nasal drip it must drive her crazy! I had that for about a year in 2007/08 and I was losing the plot working for the YHA. Those damp conditions I suffered at YHA Alfriston in the room from the swamp!
—Noam Chomsky
If you would like to designate funds for items listed above, please contact Carrie Espinoza, Hillsides’ assistant director of development, at (323) 254-2274, ext. 254.
We were supposed to go straight home from there, but I couldn't. We went to the grocery store next door instead, where I needed to decompress and talk things through with Sarina.
Good Evening Bloggers. I finally was able to complete a couple of projects. I thought I had lost all my creative inspiration. I would start something, mess it up and quit!!
You guys made me feel so inspired!
Speaking of windows, the eyes are said to be the windows of the soul.
Read Up: Psalm 61:1-4, 2 Corinthians 6:3-10
"We need a full, detailed investigation and report on this matter. If it was one case we would understand that it was a mistake, but the entire bail receipt book is filled with these incidents."
Deputies found the explosive pen inside Drnek's bedroom at his Clermont home on Thursday. It was locked in a little black safe, along with several smoke bombs. Drnek's father gave detectives a container of gunpowder he caught his son with days ago.
Yeah, I’ve been playing Warmachine. A LOT. I’ve played against Cryx a couple of times, Cygnar, Menoth, Circle Orboros (my god those guys are obnoxious), Legion of Everblight and even Trollbloods. I’ve even won a couple. Really!
As British Psychological Society approved practitioners of a number of psychometrics which are especially appropriate for use in education, we often also provide and analyse personality profiling of short-listed candidates.
‘No?’ the Archbishop echoed.
I have only 3 sentences to write to both fans…..
The Marketer’s Delimma:
2 yards Red/White Polka Dot Ribbon in 3/8”
"No one is stopping you from doing what you want to do". Guns N' Roses
Aren't you glad it's Friday night? We have had a gusty afternoon here in Middle TN with threats of tornadoes and damaging winds. I loved all the Facebook posts of people 'hunkering down.' I am not a fan of the actual hunkering, but all the kids wearing bike helmets in bathtubs make me laugh.
Wear new shoes around the house before using them on short runs.
This book was the perfect balance between mystery, social issues and relationship. This is the best book in a very good series.
Today's special at my web site is this:
But on the ground floor, the heavy front door opened, and a dark shape slipped out into the street. A shadow with a suitcase in its hand.
I will read for an hour or two about the black and white circus and then perhaps I will have energy for cereal, dancing, and washing my hair.
Van Jones, the self-avowed communist, is back & blaming Wall Street for our national woes! It is not the system that’s bad. It’s the people who have broken our trust and our laws. It is you, Obama, and the Harry Reid boys (LIBs) who allowed the growing housing-freebies in the housing market to eventually crash our economy along with assistance from the Clinton & Carter administrations in their era, blaming banks & restricting their financial processes to eventually fail.
Everyday ought to be Earth Day. Every moment should be in remembrance of Gaia. To truly believe that we are all one, is to see everyone and everything as not only an extension, but a reflection of ourselves. And that is what it truly means to go back to nature — to be one with nature, to be one with all of creation.
Black eye.
cut Social Security!
Hello everyone! I’m sorry I have been MIA from posting. I missed writing on here and hearing from all of you. I want to than everyone who has entered the giveaway and remind you all that today is the last day to enter and next Thursday the winner will be announced!!!
And those suites are on sale. Yesterday’s Sports Business Journal (subscription required, but there’s a summary on Nets Daily) reports that the Nets are selling suites to team sponsors and investors, with the sale open to the public around Labor Day. (Would the legal challenges be over by then?)
A writer and photographer as well as an anthropologist, Trish had careers in regional government, management training, university tutoring, research, and finally, travelling the world to work on aid and development projects. A compulsive scribbler, during those years her writings included a monthly column, and feature articles for national newspapers in UK and Australia, as well as books on anthropology, management and tourism. Trish enjoyed writing non-fiction, but she feared that the storytelling of her childhood was lost forever until she settled on a hillside in New Zealand twelve years ago, where she now writes full time and is a member of the New Zealand Society of authors.
For Henry, the only benefit of all this attention was that he got a better gravestone.
Drug Excretion and Exercise
As Gottlieb points out, you already pay taxes on the Internet. “It is taxed in the same way that catalogues, mail order and TV sales are.” Indeed, “Every time you access the Internet, you are paying telecommunications taxes.” Online purchases that are not taxed include travel and financial services, vital to the vitality of the economy.
I also like Riley’s best friend (Lacey, played by Rebecca Field). She plays a minor role but seems to be a character full of spunk and pizzazz, like when she rushes over to console Riley after her husband’s departure: “I brought some Xanax because I know how you can get,” and then Lacey pops a pill in her mouth.
The Ginger Man
All these different "whites" are, in fact, very pale colors.
Paper: crumb cake, night of navy (SU), heavenly white (PaperTemptress), designer paper (Kaisercraft)
We were told at the beginning that the violin tryouts were taking place in another room, and I watched as each violinist went into the room one at a time. It was going in a particular order. First, all the first violin section was filing out one at a time and when one finished and returned the next one went out. I watched it go on until it was my turn.
Alas, I remain none the wiser about the enigmatic Kaiser but I do know that Karl’s three new 'Love it Light' Diet Coke bottles (featuring polka dots and chevron stripes against his ponytailed silhouette) will be available in prism-shaped collector’s boxes this June. In words of the man himself, “Luxury is the income tax of vanity. But it is so pleasant.” Karl Lagerfeld. He’s got some bottle.
Usage – The jester tried all of his tricks to get audience to laugh.
Connecting to an inspiration that is beyond this dimension
When it comes to King Kong Escapes, the problems are many, the solutions few and for as much as Toho Studios wants to pretend otherwise, this is one beeg monkey that is just a beeg prop.
I started off at a trot. I glanced back, and Starry was trotting behind us. After a few minutes, Kevin wanted to stop. He told me to go on without him, and he followed through. We headed out. Now, this time, knowing I didn’t have to worry about pushing Star too hard, I just let Cole trot full out. It was great, but it didn’t take long before I wanted to relive my glorious past. I asked for a canter and away we went. He stopped on his own about 20 seconds later. We trotted a little further and I asked again for the canter. This time, he stayed with it. We went fast and I started laughing with joy. Soon, we saw a group of people ahead. I asked Cole to slow down to a trot. He complied, but it was a fast trot. We passed the hikers, and there the trail was a little rough. I opted to stay at a trot.
I went in wearing my Brooks Adrenaline shoes and started looking around. A clerk came up to me and asked if she could help me and I told her I was looking for the Made in USA running shoes. She said the model that would be a good transition from my Brooks was the MR993. I tried on a few pair to get a good fit. The MR993s looked different, felt different and sounded different than any of my previous shoes. I felt confident that I was getting the right shoe because anyone working in the corporate store must know what they are talking about.
Initially, 1,000 British soldiers were sent in May 2000 to help with the evacuation of foreign nationals, but their role evolved into providing logistical support for the UN forces and training to the Government forces.
It’s kind of like gratitude. One of those things that somehow makes things a whole lot better in a big hurry.
Monday morning I woke up feeling refreshed and ready for the week ahead. My morning trip to the bathroom was interrupted by my middle girl who stomped into the bathroom informing me she needed the toilet.
“Ahh…I love new recruits. They are so easily addled.”
“There will be a time for this my beautiful and deadly woman, but today is not the day.” He said with such lust in is voice, a chill ran down my spine in disgust.
次女の顎の下に、何かこぶのようなものができてしまいました。このこぶができたのは、実は過去6ヶ月の間で今回は2回目になります。原因をまだ突き止められていません。でも、本人はとても元気です。夫と私は決断しなくてはならない事がいくつかありました。決定した後で、本当にそれが良いのか迷ったり。でも直感で、なんとなく全て上手く行くような気がします。同時に、分からない事も常にあります。子育ては気弱ではやっていられませんね．．．
They are not designed to attain outright victory. The goal is not to achieve their purported aims. If they manage to confuse the infidel, or demoralize him, or cause him great expense, or disrupt his normal life, or make him live in fear, then they have succeeded. If non-believers happen to be killed or wounded as well, that’s just an added bonus.
The rankings for the Top 50 are based on hits from the tracker widget, as well as the number of Library referrals (i.e. traffic generated from the Library).
You bear no sense of direction, but a sense of destination
Gingely oil
Or as Blanchard & Peale wrote in their book "The power of ethical management":
I need His discipline when I become me-focused and act selfishly.
I am good- and almost completely better :) Thank you for checking in on me ♥ However,
Thursday, the second-to-last day of the year, was slated as a 2100 start for ten in our giant stretched SUV. Experience tells me (even if The Boss doesn't) that with a pickup at that time the clients are young. By extension, that means:
The cookbook advises that you cook the pud in a glass or ceramic dish. Fine; I've always done so, and got great poofy corners, but sad, sunken middles. The other night, we had seared our beef in a cast-iron skillet before oven time, and there was a great, well-flavored vessel just sitting there.
A couple involved in a prison ministry program received the Governor's 2012 Criminal Justice Volunteer Service Award. Also, see this profile of a Pennsylvia ex-offender moving to Texas to work in a Dallas-based prison ministry after being sentenced to life without parole as a 17-year old in 1977, released as a result of a 2010 US Supreme Court decision declaring LWOP for juveniles to be cruel and unusual punishment.
For this week, I have selected DOILY as the theme. The doily on your projects can be store bought, die cut, or crocheted. You can combine our challenge with any other challenges of your choice AND as long as the main image on your creation is a hÄnglar & stÄnglar or Magnolia stamp and you have used a doily, you will qualify to be in the draw for one of the two fabulous prizes. And remember NO back linking--new projects/cards only, please. The challenge closes next Thursday, March 1st at 7 PM UK time. Good Luck and Enjoy!!!! And thanks for playing along with us!!!! We can't wait to see your gorgeous creations!!!
It's a great place to watch the sunset. It wasn't crowded at all. I get the sense only tourists who are staying at the hotel really go. It is somewhat off the beaten path, at the end of the main road in Grand Case.
That night I started crying again when DH and I laid down in bed and held each other. Face to face. Without a big belly between us. I just started bawling and told him how it was weird, but I was really missing being pregnant. I was sad that he missed 7 weeks of it. I was sad that we didn't get to take any maternity pics of us together. I was even sad about one cute little maternity dress with the tag still on it that I never got to wear. "It's like the wedding blues, only 10 times more," I said. He said he understands. And then said that he's having the "shooting blues." He gets a little sad that he's finished filming his movie... Um....ok, not exactly the same thing but at least he is trying to be comforting and at least he makes me laugh.
And, how ’bout that final hockey game on Sunday! W O W !
Additionally, the service number, provided in your request, is identifying a veteran with a different name than you submitted. Was the veteran known by a different name during his military career?
I repost this June 2010 FAIR article to illustrate the hypocrisy,
“I’d just like to know the results of the blood test please.”
Besides, I get T1 Broadband at my office, WiFi for free at the YMCA, at the library, at Starbucks, at McDonald’s, pretty much everywhere. I would rather spend some quality time at home with my wife actually getting stuff done, than staring at the talking heads on the local news.
It’s ’cause you took my breath away–when you said no to me, in all forms–the antiseptic “no,” the nicer “no,” the brutally mean “no” and “never” mixed with threats . . . especially when you said “yes” and then “no” :’( that took my breath away. Yes, IT DID.
However, come Valentine's Day, the majority of flowers sold are overwhelmingly bought by men! Why is this? What is stopping men buying flowers the rest of the year? I know I'm a lucky woman! I don't want them on the 14th of February, that's commercial obligation, it doesn't make me feel 'special'. Out of the blue, that is what matters and does it for me!
Because all that we are—
This week i am in Durham, North Carolina visiting friends. The following are the Durham Farmers Market, the Duke University Chapel, Duke University Gardens, and a cookout with a Whiskey/Scotch tasting.
I have always liked the long ball over small ball. The Phillies have won that way. With Howard and Utley out of the lineup the team and the organization have been exposed for having very little homer run power. Heck, if Travis Mattair had not been drafted in the Rule Five Minor League Draft by the Cincinnati Reds last December he would now be leading the entire Phillies organization with his six home runs he has hit this year in the Reds system.
Manage expectations.
The appalled doctors tried a palace rebellion but it failed and a new chief administrator took over, and a new set of goals was grafted onto the first. So now what would become the final phase of the project began.
Anyways, a lot of people bent over backwards (THANK-YOU!) and we left Friday afternoon. We hadn't told the boys, so when they came home and saw me there, they were *so* excited!!!
‘You grab one arm, I’ll grab the other, then we drag her – kicking and screaming if we have to – down to that departure gate, you got that?’ Aimee asked, shoving her bag up onto her shoulder, glad she’d made the sensible choice to wear trainers for this flight. ‘I am not missing this cruise
They drew my blood as soon as I arrived, and we sat for the half hour wait to get the results back and for my doctor to arrive. When they called me back, they told me the blood test had come back positive and my doctor wanted to do an ultrasound. At this point I was getting excited. I couldn't believe it. We weren't even trying, but weren't aware we might need to be preventing. I was a little nervous about what all this could mean for a baby. The doctor did an ultrasound and told me I was just a few days pregnant. In fact, due to the circumstances, I could pinpoint it to about the hour:). He said all he could see was a gestational sac, so we just needed to wait and give the baby time to grow. He asked me to come back in three weeks. Trav and I went to breakfast to celebrate. I was feeling happy, but cautious. After the letdown of my last pregnancy, I wanted to be careful. But since everyone expected me to have surgery, I couldn't keep it a secret from everyone. I told a few friends and my family, so I didn't end up with baby-sitters and dinner for having had surgery.
Front: Jenni Bowlin Journal Card, Tim Holtz Tickets, Thickers Numbers, Cosmo Cricket mini letters, My Minds Eye Paper, and the eternally awesome Kraft cardstock.
you get uglier and uglier.
“It is a daunting task to run for a legislative seat – raising six-figure sums to challenge an incumbent candidate or even to run for an open seat,” said Democratic strategist Dale Emmons. “To do that, a person has to give up a lot of personal time and time away from their vocation just to make the race. And once you’re elected, you continue to have to do that. Seldom does that legislative pay of $30,000 or so make up for that.”
Dance when you want.
I shall proceed as Ephesians 6:10-18 instructs:
So what do you think? Are you up for the challenge? We'd love to have you join us on Friday! We'll be sure and put out several hints ahead of time to let you know how many photos to pull as well as any additional items you might need so you can be as ready as possible. So get your calendars marked and we'll see you during Happy Hour!
A Winged Victory for the Sullen
-You may repeat words, but you don't get points for them.
I went to meet a man, with chickens–
Oh look, another unfixed problem from their first release. This line makes it sound like the mock exam scores are analogous to the high score in an arcade game. You just “hold the high score” until someone comes around and knocks you off the leader boards. However, that probably isn’t the case when exams are constantly changing. Once you’re on top for that exam, you’re on top forever, or it really wouldn’t be a fair judge of knowledge.
If at a county show you are one of the judges in the section for Aberdeen Angus cattle, you will have a comprehensive list of points which must be fulfilled. There is the carriage of the creature’s head, with even teeth and broad muzzle. It should have a long body and strong legs with the joints well set. The back should be straight with a slight dip at one end. It should be well and evenly muscled with not too much fat. Viewed from behind the rump should be rounded, the legs straight and the hooves correctly positioned. When it walks its hind hoofs should enter the marks of its front hoofs without overstepping or understepping. If it is a cow its udder should not be pendulous and the teats should be of the right size and placement. If it is a bull the testicles should be large and the sheaf firmly attached and not pendulous. But all these distinctions should be weighed against the proportions of the whole animal and the aim is to assure that both it and its progeny should fulfill their
Pushes us all
I will be light with the Dawn
A useful follow up to some of our previous debates on the subject. And so true! I genuinely believe you're better off trying to get a first novel published - at which point you still have the potential to be The Next Best Thing - than subsequent ones. Unless, of course, you hit the jackpot first time round.
So now you've got a new look, a new approach and now a new buzz in the atmosphere. Now what? Oh yeah, now it's time to launch. I'll leave that up to you while I segue into the Renegade brand launch.
1 cup graham cracker crumbs (15 squares)
I am the 99% ;)
9. In what sense, if any, are funds and objects committed to the Lord “holy”?
Rumour has it that some clever retailers have pipped me to the post with a trend called ‘vanity sizing’. By making clothes bigger, women are forced to buy smaller and thus emotionally connect with the shop in question. Having a fat day? Not anymore! The skinnier the tag, the fatter the profit margins - cha-ching!
“It’s the political capital. But that’s a different kind of power.” Said as if to remind me that it is common knowledge that goes without saying that government is a showy and relatively meaningless formalism. It made me think about how this goes without saying in America, not because everyone realizes it as an essential truth, but because it is unapparent to most people. Most Americans think that government is the cause of, and solution to, all the nation’s problems. It should be bigger or smaller, more or less involved, stricter or more lenient; but never does the commanding role business plays come into question. Business, the economy, the marketplace, they are always spoken of as some sort of helpless thing that the government must regulate or free. This conception implies the government for better or worse is in control and the private sector is more like a wildlife habitat or a colony of bacteria. In reality, it seems apparent to me that in America, as in all Western countries, it is the private sector that dictates the agenda—and in a quite sentient, organized and efficient way. Capitalism is a form of government; the question of democracy, communism or dictatorship is secondary.
The bees received the memo on that.
So, my faithful blog readers, I hope you feel like you know me a tad better now. Maybe one day I’ll share about how my good friend Stephen once set me on fire wrapped in a blanket soaked in gasoline and oil…But then again, that’s not really part of the life or views of a Latter-day Saints in the 21st Century, but it does make for a good laugh…Until then though, I hope you’ll keep reading and sharing my posts with others. After all, that’s what they’re here for.
The book’s title: “This Book Will Change Your Life: 365 Daily Instructions For Hysterical Living“
I've learned who I am, what I'm capable of, and what my limitations are. I always strive to make the best use of my capabilities, and to grow beyond my limitations.
Another injury that shows up all too often is a rupture of the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL). This ligament is one of the prime stabilizers of the knee joint and when it is damaged, the knee becomes unstable. These two injuries can put severe limitations on an athlete’s participation in their favorite sport.
I've been saving up for a blow job for the past 10 years by putting the money I get for giving them into a glass jar. So far I have a grand total of $1.75. I could do with that tin to hide my shameful embarrassment.
Talking with the older ones about political hot topics or the latest news of the day shows me how bright and articulate they are. They have their own opinions on various topics and are able to express them.
This is basketball, I understand aggressive play, but this is a different level.
she opened my eyes
Or is the product of an opportunistic imagination.
Several decades ago, my sister Betty decided to jump on her bed with a pencil in hand. When mom discovered the mess she had made, Betty was sent to her room with an old toothbrush and toothpaste. It all came off.
Per my post Ask Me Anything! (paragraph 2, sentence 1), I invited the community to ask a question about me, any question,. . ." Furthermore, in the same document and paragraph, sentence 2, I stated "I'll post my answers on Monday or Tuesday . . ."
And so, when I come home from work and look at my pages-long to-do list, it’s up to me, and no one else, what I do next. Today, that’s a blog post, catching up with email, and watching Penguins playoff hockey. Life is good. Cheers.
Sky Base offers a monthly usage allowance of 2Gb. Also, the installation for Sky base is so easy, you can do it yourself. So, if you’re looking for free Sky broadband, then Sky Base is good for you, especially if you take Sky Talk. Sky Base is a Sky broadband service for daily usage ensuring high speed internet connectivity and continuous broadband supply.
The doctor who delivered my precious Elijah is the same docor that is going to deliver this sweet baby. That has really made it much easier because he knows our history and he remember my sweet baby. That makes me feel good because I dont feel like he is being ignored.
So let this all be a warning to you, Loved Ones, next time you go out and about, be ready with a few harmless LWLs in case you run into someone you know… but you don’t have the foggiest idea how. Remember Helen is watching.
New environment and new kids were very difficult on me. My grades went lower right away and I got picked for being so skinny.
Source: The Wall Street Journal
Remember the passengers who knew. Remember telephone calls and last goodbyes. “I love you! …I’ve got to go now.” Remember how they fought back and sacrificed themselves — most likely saving the United States Congress in the process.
So no babysitting for you, KIW—to protect the kids, first and foremost, but yourself as well. If it ever comes out that you are a pedophile and you were in the habit of babysitting-without-touching, your friends are unlikely to take your protestations—you’ve never touched a child—at face value.
You'll come and find the place where I am lying
In the BBC’s latest episode of Indian Ocean with Simon Reeve their focus is Madagascar to the Seychelles. I eagerly anticipated the beautiful landscape that would be broadcast. As he himself points out, movies and documentaries usually portray Madagascar as a forested country teeming with wildlife. But Simon chose to show the reality rather than the fantasy.
And, now, you're asking me to be objective about my book? How cruel! Well, first, I think anyone who has kids should read my book and read it to their kids. It's great for that. I know, because I've spent more than a little time reading it in my kids' classes at their school, and the kids love it. But for adults, I really think it's capable of taking you back to being a kid and what it was like to think about all the hidden things that could be hiding around the corner. Unless you didn't have an imagination as a kid. In that case, it probably won't do anything for you. Although, it does have more than a tiny bit of humor in it. And, yes, it's available on the Kindle and the Nook and available as a physical book through CreateSpace.
The PR men began to look uneasy.
Around 69 percent of the 967 IT professionals surveyed said they copied confidential company data to USB sticks, even though it was against the rules. Some even lost USB sticks that store confidential corporate data, but did not report it immediately, the survey said.
11/12/2010 BUY 0.02 xauusd 1389.74 12/03/2010 1395.73 +11.80
In other words, the fact that the experimenter wore a grey technician's coat, was enough to convince the subjects to continue shocking the 'learner'. They imagined that he was some sort of scientist, and as he seemed to think it was okay to continue to 'shock' the victim, it must be alright. Ultimately, people are prepared to defer responsibility or decision making to those who are more suitably qualified.
When I consider the huge orchestrated efforts that commercial publishers make to promote and sell their titles, and compare their sales figures to those of most self-published books, I am surprised: not by the gulf between the two different levels of sales, but by the fact that so many self-published books, none of which have anything like the same level of support that commercially-published titles receive, manage to sell more than five or ten books each. Such sales figures are a testament to the cleverness, creativity and determination of those self-publishers, and should be applauded.
You may not feel like you are winning any battles, because the media and government continually ignore you, but you will win the war of ideas. Truth is the key. When you cling to the truth, you plant yourself firmly on the side of winning in the end. Do not give up hope. Do not stop believing in the decency of humankind. Do not allow the media or the government to cause you to doubt the difference you have made.
The Organized Kitchen Label Kit
This is a lovely book that tells the story of an artist who visits the Sonora Desert to explore it. During her trip she sketch, paint and write all what she sees in her notebook. So, you will find some wonderful drawings of landscapes and a diversity of animals interacting with each other. Her aim was to discover the precious ecosystem in this desert so she stayed enough time in order for the animals to get used to her presence, so that she can really watch and appreciate who life develops in the Sonora Desert.
I also somehow made it to #2500 in the Barnes and Noble Nook Store. I have NO CLUE how many books I sold (Not my favorite part about Smashwords ... still waiting for those updates), but #2500 out of ALL Nook Books? How the heck did that happen?
The UKSC can therefore only deal with a case where a “devolution issue” has been raised. Under the Scotland Act, all ministers of the Scottish Executive must act in accordance with the European Convention of Human Rights (ECHR). It is illegal to act contrary to the ECHR. As head of the prosecution service in Scotland the Lord Advocate is obliged to act in accordance with the ECHR. Where it is alleged that the prosecution have failed to do so, by acting in a way which infringes the accused’s ECHR rights, then such a minute is lodged.
Six Million?
My inner voice gave my shoulder a hard nudge.....
‘Who is paying you, Mr Lawyer?’
* Anna Faris as Jeanette (speaking voice)
Yes, I have to post pictures of my kids because I'm boring.
basil leaves - generous handful, roughly torn
V: Oh, you like games do you??? What's the strangest game you've ever played? Did I say strangest? I meant dirtiest
In my last blog post (Audiobooks, Really? Part 1) I gave the advantages and disadvantages to audiobook listening. Here, I’m going to go into a bit of detail about active listening, and why I sometimes prefer audiobooks to hard copies.
Leena Dhingra – Miss Chandrakala
Team Big Brother gets into a spat about going back to check for their taxi or something? She turns on the waterworks because he's blaming and he promised he wouldn't do that. Cry Cry Cry. Brendon resorts to insisting that she's right and trying to stop her from more hysterics in the middle of an Argentinean street, molly-coddling her and asking her to get her head back in the game while she whines that she's soooooorry she can't do things under preeesssure also, he has a booger on his nose. She seethes, he apologizes. Her faux-cutesy emotional manipulation is really incredibly irritating.
(2) Repackaging is permissible only to the extent made necessary by inadvertent damage. Repackaging not consequent to damage is prohibited.
I actually think I may have blushed. What an appropriate compliment for a freak like me! It’s wonderful, its brilliant and I intend to carry it around in my handbag always…along with the dog bone, assorted hair-ties, plastic toys and biscuit crumbs. It will be my bible. I shall treasure it until it’s all dog-eared and falling apart from use as a constant source of Fruitloopmum reference. I LOVE IT!
The next morning I awoke with a thumping headache and ringing in my ears; not surprising when you think about mixing cheap white with even cheaper Tequila. There was a time when some free drinks were something to be applauded. In fact there has never be a substitute for good service, choice, music, clientelle... i could go on but I think the point is made. Would I describe it as "a turd floating in the sewer of city bars"? Not at all, I'd describe it as a City bar. I knew exactly what I was going to get. And I got it. If only I'd remember to get the aspirin as well.
Today, I am sharing with you a quick and easy barfi recipe. Its another of the must have sweets on a Maharashtrian Diwali Platter. I made this in a microwave, but it can be made on stove top too.
Santiago was born Friday and we have been busy getting to know him.
SRM 15
I am not going to suggest that displaying such posters is the most diplomatic way of drawing a comparison between Mohammed’ sexual predilections and the ongoing Muslim rape of English girls, but the only point to be made is that the jailing of Darren Conway should not be possible in a non-Islamic country, and would simply not have been possible in Britain ten years ago.
Brenda and Michael’s wedding cake was stunning, the venue was incredible, but again, the families and the guests in attendance were simply the best. I have a very vivid set of memories from that amazing night also!
I want to lie under a big oak tree
Adam Shaffer teaches fifth grade at Ten Mile Creek Elementary, in Everson, WA. This is his second post for Nerdy Book Club. Adam does most of his book blogging for kids, on the TMCE Guys Read blog. On Twitter, he is @MrShafferTMCE. One of his Guy Readers wrote the following on a district writing assessment, for the prompt ‘My favorite thing to do’: “I like Guys Read because the leader is Mr. Shaffer, the coolest person ever. He is not strict like most teachers, and he is childish but grown up at the same time.”
-Setting maximum footplates, and minimum separation for towers above ‘base’ to encourage wind harvesting
I like to feature outfits where most of you already have the pieces in your closet to put together something like this. There are a lot of classic pieces here like a black skirt, a black leather jacket and a neutral top. I bet most of you also have a long necklace. If you’d like to add this look to your wardrobe but need to buy some pieces to make it work, here are my suggestions just for you! Just click on the picture for more details! Give your Wednesday a little attitude!
When you have your elastic all pushed through, take both ends, overlap them about 1/2" and sew a zigzag stitch to secure. I went back and forth about 5 times. Sew up the 2" you left open.
"The pages presented here are to kickstart your creativity. Some pages feature tangle swatches as suggestions, some pages have unfinished tangles or borders, or clothing or hairstyles. Think of all these pages as elaborate 'strings' or guidelines to be filled with your own tangles and Zentangle artworks.
Coriander leaves/Cilantro – Few Sprigs
And there it is, there in the open trunk of the Maverick, the no-goodness that can happen to suspecting yet profit-driven little girls: Two large cardboard boxes filled to their wet, mouldy rims with wet, mouldy crockery.
I’m not a sweets person, although I love ice creams, chocolates, and brownies, I find myself looking for pastry with light creams/filling to balance the sweet sugary taste that most bakeshops or boutiques seem to be doing to compensate for cutting down on the flavor elements. That’s when I discovered cream puffs. So just like my sisig obsession where I would order sisig from any restaurant that offers them just so I could compare, I also try out different cream puffs just to see how each one would fare against the others. This reminds me, I should do a cream puff review… (*jots down a reminder*). Looking at SM Mall of Asia’s restaurant directory (which is now a board printout placed on top of the touch screen…?), we came across the name “Chewy Junior”, and it immediately sparked our interest.
My teapot is empty before the leaves have a chance to turn bitter.
To enter, simply make a card using the sketch, making sure to use stamping somewhere, and post it using the linkie at the bottom. If you will, you'll get a great prize from this week's sponsor - Stitchy Bear Stamps.
and avoid the speech
Dynasty 8's table settle is fabulous to look at. If you are wondering why there are two sets of chopsticks, one is for personal usage while the other pair is to be used as serving spoon.
It is days of nightmarish testing and coping with less
Full of swag.
OK, maybe not. But I will eat there. Often. And I will be deeply grateful.
This delicious bacon and zucchini quiche recipe is courtesy of Elisabeth Prueitt from Martha Stewart.
* using another's intellectual creation so as to obtain a gain at his expense is unfair;
If you’re like me then maybe you already have an extensive collection of LBDs. When I see a good one I just can say no! A different version of a LBD is just what you need. Try one with a hint of gold in it. A dress with a little hint of gold will make you glisten in the Winter snow. Pair it with gold heels and you’ll be the envy of every girl at the party.
*Unlimited quality 4R single prints (CANON print that lasts for 100years)
One more thing, how stinking cute are Kim and Kanye, or Kimye? Yes, I still watch all of the Kardashian junk on TV. I can't stop watching it and can't wait for the new season of KUWTK to start! May 20th-
Next is this fall sign...I went simple--Surprise! (Not really I know.) I used the Big Shot with the Timeless Type Junior Alphabet in More Mustard and of course the Perfect Pennants Die....The Spice Cake Designer Series Paper (page 17) provided most of the inspiration for this banner....I really enjoy that paper-beautiful colors and patterns! (Maybe because the colors match my blog?) The ends of the banner are our giant Spice Cake Buttons in More Mustard (page 18).
Local food preserves open space.
In a seperate bowl, mix olive oil, red wine vinegar, dijon mustard. Add hot potatoes. Grate one hard boiled egg using a large holed box grater over top. (Yes, isn't this genius? It's from Everday Food Magazine--isn't Martha a genius) Sprinkle with coarse salt and fresh ground black pepper (to taste). Toss to combine.
With the LARGE file size, I was able to order the paintings (from Wink Flash) printed on canvas, using a 60% off coupon. SCORE!!!
Tell someone how you really feel. Stop beating around the bush. No need in holding it all in and then exploiding at the most awkawrd time. If you can’t be honest with those you love, then who can you be honest with.
I know all boys are different but my boys love so deeply. I treasure this. I know that in the years to come the love that I get to have all to myself will go to another wonderful woman. And while I know that is the way it is to be I will be sad when those kisses and hugs are not all mine.
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 5 AT 11.30 $10
Here is a photograph of my son at twenty one months old. To avoid confusion, the lady is his mother and the green creature is a replica of Ogopogo. This photo was taken at Kelowna City Park, way back in 1990.
9. What song do you sing the loudest to in your car? (Post a youtube video!) I actually have a video from a few months back but sorry Carynn I'm not posting it. The format tie the rope for years it has been a favorite of mine and it reminds me of a special time in my life
Chutney dal or Daliya - 1/4 cup
Hello gorgeous girlies!
PSALM 150 IS ALL ABOUT PRAISING THE LORD
In using the name of’ Pedro D.D. Ramos” before the courts instead of the name by which he was authorized to practice law – Dionisio D. Ramos – respondent in effect resorted to deception. The demonstrated lack of candor in dealing with the courts. The circumstance that this is his first aberration in this regard precludes Us from imposing a more severe penalty.
We’ll be back on campus by Friday evening. I’m hoping to do some kind of service project over the weekend and complete my requisite 80 hours of extra work. I’ve got, unbelievably, 79.5 hours to date. Now that this project is winding down, we are starting in on all the wrapping-up paperwork, including evaluations, our project portfolio, and prep for round 4. I’m just as flabbergasted as I am sure you are that it is already the month of May. Just 2.5 more months!
2. Vertekend, 2003
More recently, Brown was instrumental in establishing the Harold K. Brown Civil Rights and African American Experience Collection, which is housed in the SDSU Library’s Special Collections and University Archives Department. The collection is an exceptional, full account of the struggles and progress of San Diego’s African Americans as told through unique, digitized personal papers, photographs, and oral histories.
I wonder what my priest would say if I confessed today.
Add sugar to bowl and stir in heavy cream and vanilla until mixture resembles a thick batter. Add milk one tablespoon at a time, stirring until smooth – about 3-5 full minutes. Mixture may look lumpy at first but just continue to stir and it will come together. Fold in vanilla beans and pour over pancakes.
But forum pages for the group say the event has been canceled because of the start of “Tommy's court case”.
In this piece, the author asks “Has Stephen Harper lost control of his caucus?“ It starts with certain comments – and then turns into the old abortion, scary, racist Reform Party fear mongering.
Kids sports have changed a lot. There are 3 girls on the baseball team and their abilities and talents are equal, at this age, with their male teammates. The girls do not sit off to the side. They are not mocked by the boys on the team. They are all in it together. It is a normal and beautiful thing.
and yet she is ashamed.
Perhaps what we as a Nation, should be concerned with instead is our grave need for introspection and realising what passive crimes occur each day through our own choice of ignorance, apathy and prejudice in the name of a misguided patriotism.
5. Put chicken squares on a baking sheet that has been lightly sprayed with cooking spray. Brush each square with melted butter.
wholemeal toast
Now it's your turn! Let's see your Upcycled-Themed projects! Make sure to include a Cricut Cut somewhere on your project! When you are finished, make sure to link up your project to the FCCB Fantabulous Cricut Crawl post to be entered into the contest! I can't wait to see what you create!
This is what just transpired in my kitchen, and what inspired this post:
Chaos erupts in the barnyard when the goose gets loose! I clearly remember my mother reading (chanting, really) this book aloud during a family roadtrip. If her plan was to keep us from bickering in the back seat, this rollicking tale did the trick. The goose leads the farmer and the other animals on a wild, raucous romp that keeps wiggly wee ones glued to the page. Told in rhyme, this is a fantastic one to share with itty bitties who like to get up and go–the rhythm of the text will keep them engaged, and Kellogg’s colorful, movement-infused illustrations will give them plenty to investigate. As kids get older, there’s more and more to see here–it’s a great book that will grow with your family!
1/2 tsp pomegranate juice
So while I can’t really think of him in the full context of “the one that got away” he was up there in the running of a forever man in my life at one point. Jay will always hold a special place in my heart and I’m so grateful to still have him and his family in my life. I love it though that I am at a place in my life where I can look back over past relationships and finally “get it.” I can understand why they happened and their purpose. And I can take a phone call from an old friend in need of a shoulder to cry on.
Edited to add: the unpicking took five flippin' hours but I did it! It was one of those tasks that half way through I wondered why I had started it but now it's finished I'm glad I decided to do it (I seriously doubt whether I would consider doing such a task again). I really shouldn't have sat all hunched up staring intently at stitches as it has given me a back ache but that's what you get for being a specky four eyes who can't see a damn thing without either her glasses or contact lenses!!
Not too bad. Good luck~
sales tax paid
4 rounds for total Sprint time of:
We normally expect an increase in roadblocks at holiday times, but this announcement takes the concept a whole yard further – longer traffic queues, lots more vehicles, lots more flashing lights, uniformed SAP officers strutting their stuff, pulling you over and interrogating you and your passengers, perhaps demanding fingerprints, certainly demanding ID books or proof of ID. Several groups of people dressed in civilian clothes in the background tapping your ID number into laptops. People searching your vehicle and rummaging around in your possessions. Scary. Especially at night. In the rain. If you are a woman alone.
remember so(forgetting seem)
Blog Song of The Day
One of my presents is a white sky bed!! I am so happy!!! I will make photos next time:D
some extra help -- they need it -- doing everything from teaching basic cooking skills in the cafeteria to encouraging healthy choices in the lunch line. So they're going to need your support, but it’s got to be a collaboration. And we strongly encourage you all to go in with that spirit.
Ripping up more carpet today in preparation for my lovely new floorboards being laid on Monday hooooooray !!!!
Be more forgiving and go seek those they have hurt in the past and seek their forgiveness.
Price of coeliac loaf is £2.82
Greenwich has not always been a Labour stronghold politically, although sometimes it feels that way! In fact many of you may know that the great Liberal, William Ewart Gladstone, represented the seat from 1868 to 1880, although it was not always the smoothest of relationships between MP and constituent.
-”yes ,and she is still great in his eyes and heart.”
After meeting with the teachers and administrators, we did a round of pre-interviews with all of the candidates to determine which three we wanted to focus on. We chose Leah, Cara and Ryan because they are great and because they each represented something that added another layer of meaning to the project. (But we don’t want to spoil it, so watch “The Council” to see for yourself).
Sometimes it’s hard to find the confidence to bring such complex scenes to life, to juggle the many elements that comprise an action scene, but the only way to learn is to plunge headfirst into action. Write it fast and fearlessly; let the words fall where they may. You can always clean up the mess in rewrites.
I believe we are all here for a purpose, (and it is not to drive the biggest car or wear the nicest watch!!) Find your purpose and make a difference to the Good in the world.
I was going to try to get a picture of Caylee and Levi playing together, but it would have just been a blur. She and Levi chased each other all over the house, had screaming contests in the living room, argued over the kickball, and chatted away like siblings, making up for lost time. Just like on our last break, Steph and I just sat on the couch and watched them play. Needless to say, they were both absolutely wiped out when we stuck them in bed a few minutes ago. You could tell, as Levi layed right down without a peep and Caylee put up a good 15 minute screaming fit before she finally gave in. Ahh, things are normal and it feels good.
We also walked half of the Manhattan bridge and decided that it would be too tiring to walk all the way and then back again. That bridge is decptively big!
4. Task Rabbit: Have spare time on your hands? This website has many jobs posted from people who don’t have any extra time to do the simple things that you and I do…laundry, grocery shopping, and picking up the dry cleaning. This is a fairly new site, and they are only serving certain US cities. But check back in, they are expanding!
Back Pain
Top of her armoire...I used many of the stuffed animals she has received over the years. That basket used to hold diapers and creams where she was an infant...I am just using it in a different way. Notice all the crowns!
Well, without further ado, the winner of this adorable set of Hello Kitty cookie cutters is poster # 2, Shar!!! I left you a message on your blog, Shar! Please contact me as soon as possible so I can send this way too cute set of cutters to you to enjoy!
KUALA LUMPUR: Election watchdog Bersih condemned the amendments to the Election Offences Act 1954, which it said paved the way for the dirtiest general election yet.
The fact is that there are bans on below cost selling already in the world. In global trade it is possible for one country to subsidise a sector, agricultural or manufacturing and effectively dump that commodity or product on world markets below cost. This is generally considered aggressive and frowned upon and one of the purposes of the World Trade Organisation is to attempt to discourage this sort of thing. Though it has been said it doesn’t do that good a job when you consider the agricultural subsidies given to European and American farmers by their respective governments and the artificially low price of Chinese currency.
The lovely managers at Bishop Woodford House let you drop your bags there even if your room isn’t ready, and will offer you a hot drink, before you go exploring the Cathedral. If you have a picnic with you, the open parkland through the arch to the south of the Cathedral (the footpath is marked to the riverside I think) has some benches and lovely views, but the Cathedral also has a Refectory.
You, you really don't mind
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Abbey Grand Cru
One other thing to try to remember is to use as much of the finished edges of the towels as possible. It will make finishing the robe so much easier :)
Yesterday was the first day I noticed/felt Grayson have the hiccups! I had been reading that he had them and I might be feeling them but I really hadn't until yesterday. His movements are becoming more frequent and stronger which makes me happy. I know he's growing and getting stronger as he needs to.
I hope that you weekend is going well. Today I have woken to the most beautiful day so I am definitely going to try and make the most of it :)
The Dallas vampires, Sookie and Bill learn that The Fellowship of the Sun (FotS) might be behind the disappearance. Sookie decides to go to the FotS’ church with Hugo, Stan’s human lawyer, in an undercover mission. Sookie’s cover is quickly exposed when they meet Steve and Sarah Newlin, and is badly hurt while trying to run out. She also discovers that Hugo is a traitor. Sookie escapes from the church with the help of Luna, a shapeshifter and Godfrey, a vampire. Eventually, Bill and the Dallas vampires rescue Farrell. The welcome home party for Farrell is interrupted by the FotS attacking Stan’s mansion. Sookie, unable to locate Bill, helps Eric remove a bullet which he received protecting her from the fire, unable to find a knife she sucks the bullet ingesting a few drops of his blood in the process. Bill returns soon after, he had immediately chased down members of FotS along with some other vamps at the party. Sookie is upset that he killed someone and didn’t wait to see if she was okay. Sookie leaves the house and immediately flys back to Bon Temps.
I can hear the sound of a piano, in the dead of this night
Hear of a birth, hear of an abortion.
FITZROY RIVER:
01. Drag
Now I’m in a quandary – throw out the can or keep it. I found the same one pictured on ebay labeled ‘vintage’. It’s a collectible. A few more years and it will be positively antique. This red tin can would look lovely in my fantasy Country Living kitchen.
12…sell online.
Here's the thing: I'm not a very academic person. And by that I mean, quite simply, that I'm just not very into academics.
So once again, not watching Ellen every day has its disadvantages. I apparently missed her visiting the Harry Potter Theme park with two lucky boys. Well, I guess that’s why we have internet.
Brenda and I shared coffee together that day, so happy that the big job had been completed and we were one step closer to getting into the house that was being built. Our joy and laughter was interrupted though, by a phone call from Brenda’s sister relaying a message that Mr. White had suffered a heart attack and was in hospital facing surgery that very day. Naturally, Brenda became hysterical and inconsolable. Worrying about her ex-husband sent Brenda to her bed for the rest of the day so I walked back to the prayer post with the dogs, to ask my friend up in the sky to watch over Mr. White and to spare him from all discomfort and despair.
Santo is brewed using pale two-row and pils malted barley, a dash of malted wheat and an addition of dark malt. Saint Arnold uses Hallertau Hersbrucker hops, added to the brew kettle in four separate cycles to create a delicate flavor and aroma. It has an original gravity of 1.045 (11.4° Plato), bitterness of 15 IBU and alcohol content (by volume) of 4.9 percent.
My dad, my brothers, and now it would seem, Oldest, can sell anything.
For instance, the town I live in is 2% African American. Yeah, I really need to move. We plan to before Rabbit goes to school. If a business decides to exclude black people, the lack of black business in my town wouldn't squash a business, but would I believe that the majority of white people would go out of their way to drive further to another business that offers the same service? Not likely, it isn't convenient, and denying blacks doesn't impact them in any way.
Vee
You may have to work a bit harder to see the lines on the next shot of follow my leader.
esto le dará altura a la flor y la vez obtendrás un efecto 3D.
Most everything was ready and I was busy in the kitchen when the door bell rang, alerting us that our company had arrived. Mr. Weasel answered the door to greet his parents, but instead of the expected sounds of a reunion, I heard silence followed by, "WHAT THE HECK HAVE YOU DONE?????".
Has anyone else had any experience with this?
I really thought it was my call... I kept on asking, "IS THIS MY LETTER?" (sort of furious that they had opened it...) until I realized it was a faux letter.
Well, the van is now packed and I am just sorting out my press releases to take to the fair. I have gone through my checklist again and again making sure I have all the adhesives I could possibly need (blue tack, cello tape, masking tape, glue etc)! I still have a few cushions to complete, but generally the house is looking like a home again, rather than a factory.
Bacon.
The Top 5 became a Final 4 last night on the DWTS results show.
Gladys looked around and realized everyone on the bridge was looking at her. The opposing lanes were even slowing down and starring at her. She tried to down shift the little Hyundai Excel into 2nd gear but it bogged down and sputtered and died. She began rolling backwards down the steep incline of the bridge.
16. Dancing With Myself
B. Qualifications To Be Raptured
Spellbinders Nestabilities
I was a brave soul in August and took all of the kids to watch the Blue Angels practice, we saw them take off and land. So cool! August also brought summer quarter to a close for me (whew! I survived) and I started to study for the GRE.
I used the ADORABLE Dress Up Diva for my card. She was colored with Copics and I paper pieced her hat. The Die-namics I used on my card are the new Royal Leaves and Pinking Edge, Pretty Posies, Leafy Flourish and Mini Tabs Foursome. The patterned papers are the GORGEOUS Lilybee Designs Buttercup (6x6).
Sausage Bundles in Balsamic Glaze - especially nice glaze here! Tangy and Spicy.
I can't think of ribs without going back to Vienna in thoughts. The power of food on my little mind... If I remember correctly the ribs were served as a whole rack, and must have been barbecued or grilled. The recipe I'm about to give you is more of Southern US inspiration, but if you know how Austrians prepare pork ribs, please share!
I am the only person with the knowledge of the funds and its deposit, and will solicit for your partnership for us to have it. My position in the bank will guarantee easy and risk-free handling of the transaction as i have every details of it.
2 makes
I suffered - and I mean suffered - 18 months of IVF with no luck and the emotional toll on both of us was beyond belief.
So there you have it. My excuses for not being able to blog. I have a few more days to spend in Christchurch and I'm starting to feel a bit emotional about leaving. I guess that's the reason why I'm writing this entry - to remind myself what my life is like right now. In this spirit, I shall write an entry everyday before I leave this garden city.
Look out!
And aphids themselves. I’m very ignorant when it comes to aphids. I’d never heard of the Peach Potato Aphid. Nor had I realised Honeysuckle has its own aphids which are mostly wingless but if any of them do have wings they are likely to migrate to hemlock, hogweed and garden carrots! Did you know that?
Padded top.
Accessories: sheer ribbon, button, vintage twine, pearls
The deep seated fear of losing my elderly kitty is raising its ugly head. I know I may be overreacting, but it's difficult not to.
Inhale the aroma of Jasmine once again and and intend that you are breathing in a sense of gratitude. Reflect and jot down any additional notes.
Using a round cutter, stamp out circles over your dough sheet. Place these circles on a baking paper lined baking tray - brush the surface with a little water and then bake in a preheated 170°C oven for about 15 minutes or until lightly golden. Let them cool a little on the tray before moving them to a wire rack to cool completely.
The ear that heareth the reproof of life abideth among the wise. He that refuseth instruction despiseth his own soul: but he that heareth reproof getteth understanding. The fear of the LORD is the instruction of wisdom; and before honour is humility.
the bare floor, and the conditions
-2 cup packages of enchilada sauce and pasta sauce
I sit in my darkness
This book is for boys mostly because it is about one, but girls will like it, too. Ages nine and up. There is some violence, gory bits, and it has a mixed ending.
As I said, I carefully spayed the recommended spray in the recommended dosage. The manufacturer also stated we would not see results until forty eight hours. Do you know what I saw in forty eight hours? Flowering Weeds! Mocking Flowering Weeds!
Neither child showed obvious injury. Neither carried any immediate clues to his or her identity.
“Where is your mother?” she questioned. (Question mark shows that it’s a question)
The Priest stands at the ambo and says: The Lord be with you.
Starting Hands I + Test
Nigeria was until recently, the
...and you were definitely not happy to pose for them. You saw the neighbor's dog and wanted to run to the fence to check him out. You raced down the driveway, away from the camera, clomping your pink Mary Janes and laughing all the way.
I miss having products to pick from when I go to the store. I miss having to make a decison about which set I want to collect. Now it goes months and months without new products. The card isle is not longer the first place that I go when I use to make a be-line for it.
“And rugged,” I inform Greg.
What I do have is a degree in philosophy – which could be said to be a 4 year training course on Bullshit Detection - and I have spent well over 5 years of my life crippled by fatigue and related symptoms, which no one in the medical profession was able to adequately explain or do anything about. Since going through a course of Mickel Therapy, my energy levels are much improved and I can see a path towards further recovery.
December 7, 2009 Clip No. 2290
An early appointment to the US Senate isn't doing Dean Heller's prospects for a full term any favors. Heller's statewide popularity has declined significantly over the first 7 months of 2011 and although he still leads Shelley Berkley by 3 points that's the closest we've ever found the race and a far cry from the 13 point lead he had over her in January.
Oh! I forgot to tell y'all! When we went to Michaels, we got a 40% off coupon! The only thing is, it's only good until next Saturday. Since we'll be doing the baby shower next Saturday, we're going to hit Michael's up again tomorrow! I'll be getting a new set of cookie cutters! Woot! I'm thinking about making some cookies tomorrow! Cookies... yummy! I can't wait!
I just could not imagine myself anywhere else but Flushing.
I think the hardest thing was standing in the boys room and realising that we moved in with children and we are moving out with young adults and having to leave (most) childish things behind. Phil was set to dispose of the Moses Basket. Imagine a really loud shriek. Now make it louder. That was my voice as I said "not the Moses Basket!"
have your own jobs
Known locally as the pirate bird these will attack other seabirds, even squeezing them till they regurgitate their catch, and then stealing their catch from them.
Our bed frame, from Ikea, was the first thing Boo bought when he got the apartment in Toronto. Since we got together 2 years after that, he's actually been sleeping with her longer than he's been sleeping with me.
This year marks the 150th anniversary of the Commune, a government that held power in Paris from March to May 1871. It's a period of history that no one much likes to talk about, perhaps because it was marked by so much internecine violence. Or perhaps because no one, left or right, is willing to talk about the failures on both sides. Whatever the reason, mementos about the period pop up around town, from the grafitti scratched into a wall in the 19th to a mural in the 7th, or streets in the 18th dedicated to the Commune's standard bearers.
And strange-eyed constellations reign
Similarly, our decisions should impact what we see once Shepard makes his ultimate choice--Green, Blue, or Red. I understand that decisions made in the game determine which endings are made available. That's great. However, the sameness of all three completely undermines our choice. The payoff is gone. Of the three red, two blue, and one green ending we're given, the differences that our decisions in-game have made are so minor, so forgettable, so inconsequential as to minimize the very value of free will in the narrative. Basically, if Bioware is making a case for determinism and fatalism, they're doing it in an extremely heavy-handed and brutal fashion without any real substance or introspection, Zeus-like in the arbitrariness of where they fling their thunderbolts.
* Lack of time - This is both of my own making and due to other commitments that I have little control over, or do I? If I want to be taken seriously as an article writer I have to take myself seriously and be ruthless with my time. Not a minute of valuable writing time should ever be wasted, so I have looked through my diary and highlighted activities that take too much of my precious time that I can offload. I have written a time table of when I can write and I'm going to hold myself to that.
Thanks Hard Rock Staff! Hard Rock Café Atlanta Rules!
Started working in my sculpture class with wood. Yes we have moved on beyond foam core boards yay!
Sure, this place is beautiful and in August, there's no other place on earth I'd rather be, but the other 11 months, it's touch and go, and getting dark at 4:30 in the afternoon come December? Not fun! And don't even get me started on the people here. When you've lived, or even visited in the south, for any period of time, you come back astounded by how rude and grumpy the people are around her. I blame it on the weather, and our close proximity to Canada.
She wanted to play in the arcade. She wanted to use the bathroom, and now that she’s Miss Independent, I can no longer be in the bathroom stall with her. She shouts, “NO, MOMMY, GO AWAY!” and all of the people in the bathroom stare at me like I’m Chester the Molester.
Apparently, I won that little game. With my father's words, I was vindicated. My mother never questioned whether or not I did drugs ever again.
And the star has faded
if one was so inclined
The moon is rising from the sea and showing her full, benign disk. I immerse my head seven times into the sea water in order to purify myself.
To prepare :-
Prost!!
Baking- I love to bake and am recently coming into my own with what I make and getting it out there. At one point (before Max was born), I was actually working for a restaurant supplying all of their desserts. That was a great experience. Now, I am concentrating on smaller things like cookies, cake-pops, cakes and cupcakes. I do have a regular rice pudding guy who orders it every holiday though!! Selling my stuff is not as regular as I hope it will be one day. And, I would like to really get my kitchen certified and a business license so that I can see at local Farmers' Markets and/or street fairs. Time is definitely not on my side for this. You see, I lack it!! But, the goal is to get this going and perhaps make this more of a full-time gig:)
run free
After a long weekend of meetings and out of town work guests, I’m feeling like I could use another couple of days to recover from the overuse of my brain these past couple of days.
The wicked go down to the realm of the dead,
Brouwerij De Smedt / Brouwerij Affligem Affligem Dubbel
I compared the responses to England’s Riots to the responses to Norway’s tragedy and I regret it. Norway’s tragedy should in no way ever be used to make fun of morons. I also think discussing anything that Norwegian arsehole did should be kept to a minimum. Sorry for any hurt, or insensitivity.
7 San-Ho-Zay
Genre: Contemporary middle-grade
Do it for going up Hanley duck
While I wasn't a fan of birdcage images at first, I think I've been converted. I have so many ideas to go with this set, and I love that it works for so many occasions. If this set interests you or you'd like to check out the other fabulous stuff offered, please head over to www.amusestudio.com/stephanie and check things out.
Auntie M has learned that by reviewing books sent by a publisher, instead of choosing them for herself, she is forced to read novels she ordinarily wouldn’t–and in the process, she is reminded that a well-written story will capture the reader, regardless of the subject.
564 D-Spring(A)/1967. “Civil Rights and Civil Liberties: Deeds and Words, Old Testament and New.” Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois.
But we should not be cynical, we should just be honest. Intellectual property, and investment in it, is a good thing in itself: it increases choice and meet demands in a way in which nothing else can. We must not however allow false claims to be made for it. If IP creates employment, let's show how and where it does so".
**update** I am offering my freebie for the next 24ish hours in honor of teacher appreciation day tomorrow. It's one of my BEST sellers -- if you like it can you leave feedback on TPT and follow my store...that would be great. Don't forget to pick up ALL your other freebies while you are there. :o) Happy Teacher Appreciation Day everyone xoxo
Mix ingredients together and beat until the cream forms peaks.
It's hard to believe that we will be embarking on a new year in just a couple days, I look back and think where did 2011 go? However I am excited to see what 2012 has in store! With that being said what could be better than starting off the New Year with a new design team, that's right I have been invited to join the Jellypark team! Claire draws some of the sweetest images and I have several already colored and ready to be made into cards, that I cannot wait to share with you all!
I saw the year’s first snowdrops today, though, so perhaps pathetic fallacy will out and I will soon sprout new posts.
If any doubt remained it was earsed in that moment, this baby was a boy. The name we had chosen for our son means “dark.” He would look like his father.
I’d happily eat there again, and all out plates came out empty on the other side!
Shit. Shit. Shit. I will kill you. Shit
Season the chicken with salt and pepper an both sides.
Most drivers seemed determined to drive across the car in front of them, to come within a hair's breadth of the cars to either side and to drive with one hand on the horn. It was quite amazing that they always seemed to avoid crashing into other cars at the very last minute.
Galaxie 500 - On Fire - 1989
Anyway, let's take that further, I want my representatives to go one step further than "no" and also repeal all this crap the demorats have managed to force on us.
There aren’t enough tears in this body to weep
I always paint on a bigger size paper so I don't have to care where my painted flowers are located. I cut the paper afterwards to the desired shape.
And that's OK.
Hey guys... what's new?
Love motivated by mere duty cannot hold for very long. And love that is only motivated by favourable conditions can never be assured of sufficient oxygen to keep it breathing. Only love that is lifted up as an offering to God – returned to Him in gratitude for all He’s done – is able to sustain itself when all other reasons have lost their ability to energise us.
The Photograph is a profound novel of depth. I enjoyed the English setting and language and Penelope Lively’s elegant writing style.
Our November Challenge will be the last for the year, we will return on the first of January 2011 with a new Challenge.
fact they are parts of my character as a woman that I need to open up
1 – 0 Taarabt (22)
Bam-Bam: "Plants! Plants turn into pizza!"
e laughed, and admitted her mistake, but as we walked on, i gave it some thought. why is the world our oyster? omelette seems to make more sense. an omelette is made out of egg. you can add cheese, green peppers, tomatoes, bacon, salt, pepper, salsa; you can make it however you want it to be.
“Lucky Country”? Yeah, for WHO?
Matthew 6:19-21– “Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy, and where thieves break in and steal. But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moth and rust do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal.
Saint Anthony Tempted by the Devil in the Form of a Woman
“All we’re asking for is to level out the playing field,” he said. “We waited 15 years on this, and we’re still not there.”
Judging roughly from the frequency of references, Anastaplo seems to have learned most from Shakespeare, from his fellow Illinoisan Abraham Lincoln, and from Plato. This book is a major attempt to discover and to articulate the harmony, or at least the compatibility, that exists between the principles of the American polity and the principles of classical (“Greek”) philosophy?
Neal then proceeded to more flights of fancy, moving on from surveillance to a critique of Santa-themed Christmas TV shows, which “portray Santa Claus as a benevolent patriarch. Benevolent, that is, as long as children (and presumably adults) adhere to some State sanctioned notion of normal and legal behavior.”
American Lit / Rebecca Farivar
There are a number of similarity in the cities--but, since this is a specialized blog, I'll confine myself to beer. Much as in Oregon, there is a thriving market for micros in Maine. The state, with a population of just 1.2 million, has 25 breweries. Portland, with just 63,000 people, has eight. When you go to a pub (which look a lot like English-influenced Oregon pubs), you'll find a number of local taps. When I went into the supermarket to buy beers for review, there were perhaps a dozen local offerings (making my decision difficult). And when you go to the airport, there's a local brewpub--Shipyard--offering fresh pints. The beers are mostly British-influenced ales, and are tastier, more robust, and hoppier than any region outside West Coast.
Oh, the boyfriend died? What a Shakespearian tragedy! Seriously, they try to make this whole thing so tragic and whatnot, but really he was a complete cardboard cut-out of a character the whole movie, with no human traits and nothing to distinguish him from the nearest lamppost. So really I feel about as much emotion here as I did the last time I threw out a pair of socks.
$75 - 19 entries
- Gradually accept excessive power of government over our personal lives.
When I leave the kitchen or food storage areas which are in our home, our kitchen and then we have a pantry area in our basement, I LEAVE THEM...til breakfast. SOMETIMES I feel a pull to go back mentally and emotionally, but I busy myself in my den or if it's time to go to bed, I go there...I will use that feeling too to drink water or other healthful beverage~NEVER sugary stuff...b/c I have placed that item in the den or bedside. I NEVER drink juice b/c it's totally a FAST SHOT of sugar that has little fiber and drives UP blood sugars...I don't need FAST, but rather the fiber of fresh whole fruit metabolize on the slow...and make for more consistent energy...I NEED that...in so many ways....
Yesterday was my father's birthday. He passed away last August and it was a really rough day.
I have discovered Zumba classes and have been to three but my work this past couple of weeks has prevented me from going to class. I have even thought that I would like to get certified as a Zumba instructor–but who wants to take a class from an unfit lady?
Here is a little something I bet you didn't know about me... I hate wearing dresses! I see them on other people and think they are oh so cute but when I put them on, I just feel so dressy. I do, however, like skirts. How can I like skirts but not dresses? I don't know, I'm just weird like that.
Here are some of the exclusive items donated for the faire. I am very very impressed with what I have seen so far.
Before I could say it, he kissed me. Those lips I’d been imagining were suddenly pressed against mine, moist and warm and soft. A groan escaped as my whole body surrendered to the moment, reveled in the contact between us, wanting more than I knew I should. I kissed him back, pressing my body against him and wrapping my arms around his neck to pull him closer. His hands went to the small of my back to hold me there as if I might pull away—an unlikely possibility from where I stood. I had dreamed of this moment since I was old enough to know Alex was the only boy I wanted to kiss. Now I was in his arms, wrapped in the strength, tenderness, and passion I’d always known was Alex. Whoa! Pretty hot, huh? :) Makes you want to read the rest! Here's how you can get your hands on a copy.
For today I will-
250g punnet raspberries (if frozen allow to thaw)
When an individual goes on a Walkabout, it is different for different people. It can be a walk to where they originated or a walk to where they are part of the land (and the land part of them) - a place of 'Sacred Belongingness.'
( I believe in God....... I just don't always like him)
Things weren’t always easy for Jack, but as he grew into himself, he settled into a place of joy that I pray each one of us will find again someday. He was an authentically joyful person. We know that joy is different from happiness. I am not trying to paint Jack as constantly giddy. I am talking about a deeper joy despite circumstances. What a lesson. Jack found joy in school, his friends, baseball, his church and above all his family.
without reflections.
Marge had especially asked for a lake view room.
Stopping Fakes at China’s Trade Fairs: New Regulations and Initiatives Aimed at Protecting Intellectual Property Rights for Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights at Trade Fairs in ChinaCommerce Department Market Access and Compliance Division leads a discussion of best practices for protecting IP at Trade Fairs in China covering China’s new regulations and US initiatives.-October 12, 2006 2:00pm-3:30pm EST "Download Here"
If the sea ever does touch the sky
There is an Indian proverb or axiom that says that everyone is a house with four rooms,
IRAQ IS REBUILDING ITS MILITARY
Star of Upstairs Downstairs
Immediately pour it over the egg mixture, bit by bit, whisking well continuously.
When this behavior is exhibited with abnormally high consistency and or oscillation, the person may compulsively seek control, become power-hungry or unrealistic ally over-ambitious. Even when inappropriate these individuals may try to be planful, precise and efficient, always competent and in control. They are afraid of feelings of weakness, uncertainty or anything that makes them appear incompetent or not in control. They want to avoid feeling uncertain, confused, submissive or passive. Self-esteem is maintained by placing themselves/operating in a way which maintains the illusionary buffer of protection that perceived control over themselves, others, objects and situations offers against the mysteries and uncontrollable possibilities of reality.
At first off the woman on the end of the phone assumed that I was the wife of the insurance holder - as the renewal and policy is still in my old name, something that is always nice to hear.
Roman Jugg gives us an acoustic version of The Damned's obscure single-only release 'Lovely Money' - refitting it as a stripped down Ray Davies unplugged piece- (or is that unjugged). With the Viv Stanshall spoken word section being taken up by Piley and the other one.
your soul mate. The tie has a knot in it, so you can’t easily take it apart. That’s the type
Hands down, my favourite image of the week! You all must run right over and see the rest of this sweet, sweet wedding on Something Pretty! Oh, and here's a little teaser for you--they had an Ice Cream party reception!
Ironically, Rather’s whine came in response to a self-indulgent set up from Mike Barnicle, who bemoaned the “danger” in the way “elements of the culture around us” can extract “one day” of a career to define its entirety. I’ll be back with the transcript, but in the meantime watch Rather clinging to the fantasy that his career was damaged by false attacks from others, rather than by his heedless reliance on palpably false documents. Read more: here
I walk with you knowing I am safe, even with my ideas of imperfection of self.
The seven weeks of sefira connect Pesach to Shavuot. The central goal of Yetziat Mitzrayim was to receive the Torah. We were taken out of Egypt so we would be free to serve Hashem. This is expressed with the mitzva of sefira.
Grace, mercy, and peace to you, dear people of God, and especially today to you, Zach and Demitri.
Buddy and I have told him countless times that he can't have a phone with internet access - which is most cell phones these days except the basic Tracfone. He insisted all he wanted was a phone (even though he has had 2 Tracfones before and all he used them for was taking pictures and recording silly noises) but was imagining himself behind the wheel of a smart phone with touch screen and facebook and all the bells and whistles.
as they did for me in the recent past.
and puzzled smile.
1. Here Comes Santa Claus
Perhaps because of my location, it took my server a few minutes to find me. When she did, I ordered more of their excellent coffee, along with a corned beef reuben to see if the sliced corned beef would be as good as the chopped.
Hope you have all had a great weekend.
There is no room for discussion left. Employee is angry. Boss is angry.
In relation to the football the Marquis seems to focus on showing Celtic matches and appeasing the cockney red brigade, funny as I thought we were in London not Manchester!
Global Markets Direct’s, Diphtheria – Pipeline Review, H1 2012, provides an overview of the Diphtheria therapeutic pipeline. This report provides information on the therapeutic development for Diphtheria, complete with latest updates, and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Diphtheria. Diphtheria – Pipeline Review, H1 2012 is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, Company/University websites, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources, put together by Global Markets Direct’s team.
I made this gift card hold for my brother… It’s pretty basic… next year I’m going to make some more of these cute little cones.
This is a big loss for Atlanta. They needed this game. I really do not like their chances of winning this series. Too short-handed without Horford to beat this Boston team. They got some good fortune with Rajon Rondo and Ray Allen out here and they really needed to take advantage to give themselves a shot at winning this series. They didn’t and they may have just sealed their fate.
With so few bills in evidence, what does the House do in its spare time? One example is HR 2087, “To remove restrictions from a parcel of land situated in the Atlantic District, Accomack County, Virginia.” The House is giving full floor debates, and therefore full attention, to allowing development on a 32-acre property with five roll-call votes. They call this one of their “jobs” bills.
In fact, the only program that I have used is the one that says "Quick Start".
Some of the best responses that really touched me were:
hoping I see
“We, as a family, have to soon figure out what’s going to happen. Unfortunately, the way this thing is structured, this company is structured, it’s not sustainable. I’m not set up estate-wise to guarantee it can be handed over to the kids. We’ve been trying to work on that.” So, what it seems like is, Bell is in a pissing match with his shareholders. That, along with the expansion and the cost of it's recent legal battles—including two trademark lawsuits and an dispute between Anchor Brewery over a former employee, above and beyond the shareholder lawsuit—have weighed heavily on the brewery. Somewhere along the line, Bell also seem to have forgotten his children, and has made no contingency plan for them—as far as his business goes. To that I put my hands up, raise my eyebrows and say "Well?"
Best Drama Series
Buy now! It’s on sale! They won’t have it again!
“We are just asking that Illinois lawmakers not try to pass this bill without giving us a chance to see it,” Valarie Bordenkircher, president of the Quincy Federation of Teachers, said. She served as a spokesman for the group of protesters.
I probably had more fun creating the bad guy out of ‘Ash Mistry and the Savage Fortress’ than I did the hero, Ash. Ash was easy. He was 13, a bit geeky, and bit cowardly and had the same interests as most 13 yo boys. Which is hanging out with mates, playing computer games, and trying to talk to girls. I think having been one myself made it a lot easier. Ash is easy to understand. He’s just a normal kid. It is what happens to him that’s extraordinary and why we’re interested in the book. We want our characters to be thrown in the shark tank and we want to see what happens. Sink, swim, get chewed to death in a vortex of limbs, fins and blood, or they bite back.
First off, let me apologize for how long it has been since I have written anything here... sometimes life just gets in the way!
Pour remaining cream cheese mix onto the crust. Pour chocolate mix over the cream cheese. Swirl with a spoon.
Efficiency
2 tbsp White Sesame seeds
19. Null - "Wall of Silence"
So one of the things my Dad loves to make for breakfast is rice and onions. For those of you who've never had this tasty dish, it's made of day old rice and sauteed onions in a little oil. Dice onions, saute in a little olive oil or bacon fat and then add in the day old rice and saute until it's all heated through. It's great with eggs and bacon!
I always have a great chorus of characters waiting in the wings.
7. If you do get an advance at a legacy deal, it will take a long time to earn out, if ever. Higher ebook prices mean fewer sales, and lower ebook royalties mean smaller checks.
Ah ha. I have been talking to God since I was a child, and studying His word since I was nineteen. I have gone to Him in prayer–giving Him thanks, asking for His wisdom, His will. But, . . . you have no idea. When the time came that I had found my birthparents/birthsiblings, and one by one they came into my life and then exited–refusing to acknowledge me as a biological relative/someone worth knowing, my pain overwhelmed my faith.
He crawled forward as he reached out, touching lightly on all sides of the tunnel, pushing for firmness before putting more of his weight into it. He crawled about twenty to twenty-five feet before he came to an end. He touched and slightly pushed, but he could go no further. He lay on his elbows, forearms, and knees, thinking about digging ahead. He reached forward and pushed at the dirt, poking a finger to see if he could dig somewhere, but a thin layer of soil fell away to reveal hard stone. He peeled at the soil and eventually uncovered a circle of stone at the end of his hopeful tunnel.
"That sure was a great party, wasn't it?," said Thomas.
That goal proved to be the game winner. Brandon Dubinsky added an empty net goal to seal the game at
Genetic engineering or Genetic modification is when humans directly modify the original genome (DNA) of a plant or food or anything with DNA, with something other than that, like other DNA or synthetic DNA.
Next up, Chip n' Dale's Harvest Feast at the Garden Grille restaurant in Epcot's Future World. This rotating restaurant features views of the Living with the Land ride and the main characters are Chip n' Dale but, you also get visits from Mickey and Pluto.
Still, I think fans will be pleased and the movie did the books justice. Things have been cut or shortened (the Games only seem to last a few days, instead of weeks) but overall, I think everything important to the trilogy as a whole is there and the relationships feel right. As an adaptation, I think it's a success.
Let’s put that in perspective – there have been hundreds of thousands of Americans who have, out of necessity, walked away from their homes because they are upside down with their mortgages – i.e. the value of their home is now less than what they owe on their home and as a result they are walking away in numbers.
Eventually, attempting to read Jean-Paul Sartre’s Being and Nothingness (twice) cured me of the worst of my existentialist tendencies (I still couldn’t tell you what any of it is supposed to mean—sometimes language really is an impediment to communication); that and subsequent developments helped me find my way out of this phase of my life.
May 31st: A Romantic Wedding Tag Book by Guest Artist Lis Whiting
To me it's straight forward a welsh speaking patient shouldn't need to ask for a welsh service, it should be offered to them as a matter of course. Not that everyone in the health service in Wales needs to speak welsh, but for example in the absence of a relative or career a hospital based welsh speaking companion would assist greatly by reducing the worry and confusion of the ill patient.
I grew up reading all those cartoon collections over and over and over. I traced the art. I practiced drawing by copying them freehand. Cartoons, as much as comic books, were a vital part of my childhood and now, my adulthood. And the cartoons by Addams feel as fresh today as when I first read them 50 or so years ago.
I believe this wonderful family of eagles has inspired
"She was stretching to trim her clematis when the rabbit she was standing on gave way. She fell backwards, hit her head on a tortoise and broke her ribs on a little girl with a puppy."
After supper, it seemed like we ought to do something to celebrate. My parents weren’t big on celebrations or crowds, but my father thought it would be appropriate to ride into downtown Cincinnati and see what was going on.
Skype’s has just started there latest marketing campaign, the video call service has launched a Facebook app geared at making our interactions more human: Skype Humoticons.
As you know, to make up for the appalling misunderstanding over the Christmas present of 2010, (a short post about which can be found in Jan, 2011 archive) this time, Mr Dunnit out did himself and utterly insisted that I choose and order myself an iPad. Well, guilt was finally over-ridden by need, obviously, and so I honoured my wedding vow to 'obey' and ordered one.
A subsidy-laden, once-every-five-years farm bill is winding its way through Congress. The bill keeps the “good-to-fuel” mandates that are expanding corn acreage and contributing to a rise of global food prices.
"Right," he said, leaning back, and swinging the towel up across his shoulder. "That wasn't quite as satisfying as I'd hoped. Come back on Friday and we'll try again."
If there is one thing I learned without a shadow of a doubt, it is how dangerous it can be to entrust this type of task to a financial planner or an attorney who does not SPECIALIZE in these things. This thing, the special needs trust, is it’s own animal, and unless they’ve studied them in detail, I would look elsewhere.
All of this has gotten me to a point lately where I had to pull out and play the selfish card. I had to pull back from friendships because I literally had NOTHING left to give and I had to tell people that I was too tired/drained/miserable or exhausted to help them. A lot of people seem to come to me for help and for guidance even though I can barely cope with my own family and turning people away was hard but oh-so necessary.
Really great! We’re all good friends…a lot of laughs were had! Most of the film was shot in Romania and when I arrived in Bucarest everyone was already working.
We may be shocked to realize that the essence of many of the powerful experiences we have are influenced in an immediate way by our great-great-grandparents and even further back in history. These include depression, relationship patterns, illnesses, divorces and even the age at which we die, as well as many “choices” we experience ourselves making, such as how many children we have, having an abortion or who we choose to be in relationship with. Only now, they are being lived out in a different circumstance and moment of history. For many people, it is easier to understand and believe the reality of karma when perceived in this tangible and practical way than through the vague notion of a soul moving from lifetime to lifetime.
Wheat Germ
- 1/4 cup olive oil
2. The dwarsligger was launched in Amsterdam in September 2009. How many titles were released in the first year, and what was the initial response? How have Dutch readers embraced this format since its debut?
This “showing up” is now happening daily. If I remember, I lock all my doors and close all the drapes so that she can’t get in or see inside. I hear her try the doorknob, and when she can’t get in she walks around the outside of the house looking in the windows. So I, being so mature, hide behind the back of the sofa until I hear her go away.
Zach said, "Write a book."
The expressway is planned as a 7.5-kilometre highway running through the Red Hill Creek Valley, which snakes down from the Niagara Escarpment to the east end of Lake Ontario. Transportation planners who work from different maps see the expressway connecting the Lincoln Alexander Parkway to the QEW.
While I agree with Josh that college administrators capture and waste a larger portion of the rents and that the withdrawal of state support dramatically increased the economic load of higher ed for non-wealthy families, I cannot come anywhere close to agreeing with the last couple sentences of the quoted portion.
The kids punched out hearts and glued them to the inside. On the other inside page, we will sign a little personal message.
I'm very, very sceptical of all that's in the press,
“But wait!” I hear my dear reader cry, “Shepard stopped the wars between all the races! S/he proved that synthetic and organic life can get along!”
According to Parris, the only valid reason to believe the religion of Jesus Christ is if it’s true! And if it is true, he says, “it must have the most profound consequences for a man and for mankind.”
Level 3--Entertain Yourselves Kids....Mommy's Got to Clean!!!
I've had a few Big Sky beers, but none have been posted here for some reason. Guess it's been a while. Of all of them, Moose Drool has the biggest following. The right name is everything, sometimes.
She has skinnier legs, and his shoulders and torso are broader. Plus, her arms are angled out, as if she has wider hips under that dress.
Charlie added, "Yes. It shuts them ALL down."
Tuesday Twitter Tree
Table 1 (pg. 22) in this report divides the plutonium inventory into two groups: acquisitions (111.4 metric tons) and removals (12 metric tons):
the first has helped me over many hurdles in my career and the second reminds me that only I am responsible for my success or failur
5. Make it Malaysian. The statistics indicate that before 1970, the civil service was more Malaysian in that it better reflected the racial composition of the country compared to now when an estimated 80% or more of civil servants are bumiputras. This often leads to allegations of bias and a civil service that is not always sensitive to the needs of different races and cultures. Efforts should be made to recruit more non-bumiputras into all areas of the civil service. With an accompanying improvement in salary and benefits, it should not be a problem.
Pants-Man Chirac is seen in this YouTube clip to be openly flirting with a younger blonde woman while his wife performs the public speaking duties at the rostrum barely four feet away.
BIGGEST LEARNING YET
I was invited to audition by Cameron Crowe’s casting director, the wonderful Gail Levin after she saw me on HBO’s ‘Eastbound & Down’ the show I’m currently appearing on.
If so, it's time to spread some kindness.
Like the people around it.
Young is good, old is bad.
J is loving having his greenhouse. I don't often venture into there as I'm always frightened of stumbling and going through the glass, but I braved it to see how things were coming along.
Oh and did I forget to tell you one more thing haha, that's me...
“I guess you’ll have to buy a machine,” she replied.
That the feeling that I have
Among the youth overall, Obama currently polls well ahead of both Santorum and Mitt Romney.
How I would love a Porch Swing. As you know I do have a lot of porches but the only one that has a roof where I could put a swing, my husband says would not support one. I am not giving up! I love the look of them. They make some nice new ones but I do love the idea of making one out of architectual finds or from old chair and benches like these two.
For all the world, he thought he saw Dora and Taslin exchange the kind of patronising look Dora used to share with his mother when they thought he'd thrown a strop. He wriggled a bit closer to the fire, closing his eyes and trying not to grind his teeth. The soft hiss and crackle of the flames muted the women's conversation to a strangely pleasant, melodic burbling.
What’s happening! I’m getting closer to the surface. Nothing good ever happens above the surface. OH NO!
Wonderful story tellers, world painters, great entertainers. Alison Bard Burnett and Wolfgang Hampel share it with Betty MacDonald Fans from all over the world.
docile herds, so that they could fleece and then eat them.
a labor heroic
The San Francisco Chronicle reported that the Low Speed Chase is based out of the San Francisco Yacht Club, located in Marin County’s Belvedere Cove. The manager of the club declined immediate comment.”
Isn't it a great idea? Anyway I received the box from Giddy Stuff last week and it was crammed full of goodies, I took out some gorgeous Amy Butler fabric and some sweet little charms, perfect for my cards.
Deputy Katie Hayes, the sheriff department’s certified animal cruelty investigator, conducted an investigation into the treatment of McGee’s 25-30 year old gelding horse. The animal was found to be in poor health and even after warnings were issued to McGee, showed no signs of improvement.
This hop is scheduled for Saturday, March 10 through Sunday, March 11. There will be different DT Ladies posting each day so come back on both days to see everyone’s fabulous projects and to make sure you qualify for the prizes being offered. We are looking forward to Spring at CK2 and wanted to share with you some of the fabulous files we have at CK2 to make adorable gifts for St Patrick’s Day next weekend and then Easter is coming up Soon too.
When ready to cook, heat oil in a sauce pan and add the mustard seeds. Let it splutter.
time rebellious nation, KNOW that Christ is placing His Enemies under His feet
“xbox messenger”:
“For he knoweth our frame; he remembereth that we are dust.”
I know you have someone you want to give this gift to! Yes! it feels good already:)
William and Jane then go to Lasher's. William tells Lasher a phony story about how he escaped from prison by growing a potato vine out the window. To which Jane adds, "William's just making this up because the truth is even less plausible."
My mom also made a Garden Salad with Basil Vinaigrette:
Kira fastened the chain around her wrist and sat before a little mirror to admire how it looked. “I am not. I just have the sweetest brother EVER.” She paused and turned to him, suddenly serious. “Why are we doing this, Ryan? In the beginning, I thought we did it so we could feed everyone, so we wouldn’t starve. But…” She gestured to the pile of gold building in the corner. “Aren’t we past that? “
To hide the cords, the first thing we did was drill a hole in the wall using the included bit. This can be done without a power tool (using the handle in the picture above) if you have regular sheet rock but since our walls have a layer of concrete material, we definitely needed a power tool.
Then a woman contacted me from a local church. It turns out that she had found me through a mutual friend online and seen photos of familiar kids while perusing my photo albums. First she seemed suspicious as to how I knew the kids, and then we figured out that we were both Christians and reaching out to the kids with a common goal.
The morning started out searching for gold coins that a little leprechaun left around the house. He turned the milk green and the boys thought it was bad. I convinced Porter that it was still fine to drink. Of course, Cameron would have nothing to do with green milk!
Here's an emergent reader that I made too;) First, we look for the sight words on each page and highlight them. Then, we read the sentence and the kiddos have to sound the word out and write it on the line. Since they are so involved in writing and finding the words, they get SOOOOO excited about reading it:)! We first did a book like this from Deanna Jump's Scarecrow unit! My kiddos LOVED it soooo much, that I decided to make more of them. Hope your kiddos have fun with it too:) Click on the image below to get a copy of this book!
Well, it’s finished. It took all day, but now it’s been processed, trimmed and polished. It’s not how I’d have chosen to celebrate the end of another year on the planet, but I’ve had worse.
Refreshed, I went into the Berlin dusk. In the semi darkness the TV tower was suddenly even more impressive!
Stabbed that man right in his heart
Each card is unique.
After the signal, the motion of his torso does not stop, but the leader holds his leg just slightly to allow the follower step first, and then follows her. If he does not wait, she will feel being pushed. For her to enjoy dancing with him, her movement should be her own action and not a forced one. Waiting and stepping after her also give the leader an opportunity to adjust his step to match hers, thus make the dance coherent. A common mistake of the leader is to lead the next step without completing his weight change from one leg to the other. As a result, the follower, who is connected to him, has not completed her weight change either, but is rushed to make the next step before she is ready. On the other hand, a common mistake of the follower is to initiate a step that conflicts the lead. The follower should not anticipate the next move, but should wait and follow the lead.
I think Orestes Morfin is the greatest drummer in the world. He's just the best. I'm serious. Nothing against Rey Washam, he's a fucking unbelievable drummer. Orestes is like fucking John Bonham if John Bonham could play crazy percussion. I'm really serious about this. This was my first band, this was Sooyoung's first band that did out of town shows. We just found this fucking guy. Also, it turns out that Sooyoung was an incredibly skilled songwriter, and I guess we had a thing going. We got lucky. I'm honored to have played with Orestes. When I started playing with these guys, I wasn't anywhere fucking near them, I was kind of riding their slipstreams for a long time, and still probably am.
Being prepared besides having your food, water and shelter planned accordingly, also means ensuring your safety from looters, thugs and other criminals who would seek to do you harm. Whether it’s everyday survival or the end of civilization as we know it, self defense and protecting your life and your loved ones lives is essential.
Our fighter wing TDY'd quite a bit, and of the places we'd go and visit and harass, Cannon AFB (New Mexico) and Mountain Home AFB (Idaho) were two favorites.
House Mouse card 5 of 25
Yesterday I had fever and a level of anxiety I never ever had in my whole life.
Well, writing to me is compulsion, compulsion to write. It compels to write- writing compels me to write. As I have earlier written that writing has dynamic meanings for me- hence, particularly even though when I don’t want to write- the germ of writing that I am rearing in me compels me to write. Once you keep on writing, it doesn’t always come out to be a leisure activity- sometimes, it becomes compulsory for you to write for no reason in particular at all. I have to write, that means I have to write- that comes out to be a message from the inner-self with no explanation, no reasoning.
Choose your battles.
The heroine, Allison Doyle, was introduced in Snapped and she certainly made an impression there. I knew she's going to be a kick-ass, tough as nails kind of gal and I was really excited to see what kind of hero the author will pair her up with. Has-the-weight-of-the-world-on-his-shoulders Special Agent Mark Wolfe who was 43 years old to Allison's 27 was not who I expected but they worked. The romance aspect was a bit more downplayed in Twisted than in the author's previous novels but it was still well-done. The romance here unfolded slowly but it made it more believable--besides the fact that Mark and Allison's focus is on the case and trying to piece together the clues to catch the serial killer, they had a few big issues they have to work out (their age difference being one of them). But, yes, there was enough steam between the two to satisfy romance readers.
Large bookstores seem to be closing their physical stores left and right however smaller scale bookstores are maintaining. Obviously the large corporations should be taking notes on how to be successful and having a long lasting career.
"Aye, and her most valuable trinket, a pearl necklace given her by Warrick. Melisant will support her, to say that you were the last one seen outside their room ere it was found missing. Beatrix will then demand a search of the weaving room, as well as Warrick's chamber, and whilst there, she will pull the necklace out of its supposed hiding place, confirming your guilt."
This Challenge we have a special prize for you two of you!
The dream sequence ends when the guards wake her and lead her to the guard house where she is given a birching. This is the scene that had initially attracted me to the movie. It starts with the two guards giving her six strokes but then the Sergeant of the Guard takes over and gives her another 30 (or so) harder and faster strokes. Next up is a new prisoner (Valerie) who is strip searched on arrival and then taken to the infirmary for a body cavity search (I could do without these scenes). After being searched, she dresses in prison clothes and is handcuffed for the trip to the holding cell. She waits in holding for some time before she is taken out of the cell, undressed again and then chained (!?) to a bench while very dramatic music plays in the background. The music ends and her punishment begins. It consists of 36 strikes of a split cane which seems like a very severe instrument. When the punishment ends, she is unchained, helped back to the holding cell and left naked on the bench as the movie ends.
Movies.
Unlike a neurotypical.
Mini-Review: Breaking Beautiful shows that even the broken can heal into something beautiful once again.
April 23
4) Keep all my writing routines -- Seinfeld Chain, revised blogging schedule, etc. - Still going strong here. There are lots of days when I've only gotten that bare minimum of 500 words in for my daily writing chain, but I have kept it alive.
Pixies Debaser US
Scrape half of the mixture into a 9x13 baking dish and smooth out. Add artichokes; spread evenly. Scrape the remaining mixture over the top of artichokes and smooth out. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours until firm.
In fact, the Senate expressly rejected a provision that would have prevented the indefinite detention of American citizens. Sen. Feinstein offered another amendment to sec. 1021 that stated the section “does not include the authority to detain a citizen of the United States without trial until the end of hostilities.” That amendment was rejected 45-55. Sen. Feinstein’s other amendment, which does nothing to protect U.S. citizens, passed 99-1.
120 g light browned butter
Unmarried women could be tempted into ‘leasing’ their wombs for monetary benefits, which would, in turn, undermine the very institution of marriage and family life.
So, what exactly is a daydream? Wikipedia has a lovely sentence to describe it: “Daydreaming is a short-term detachment from one’s immediate surroundings, during which a person’s contact with reality is blurred and partially substituted by a visionary fantasy, especially one of happy, pleasant thoughts, hopes or ambitions, imagined as coming to pass, and experienced while awake.”
I came to terms with the fact that we will never be what we were. But J.A. if you ever read this know, I will always remember you for the man I loved and not what you’ve become. Whatever happened that crushed your spirit and made you start the habits you have, you can overcome it. This is something I know, and when you’re ready I’ll be here to talk; after all, we could rule the world together if we tried. ~ PS I love you.
CURVE BALL? LIFE THREW ME AN ATOM BOMB!
Once in the nurse’s office, I found my son happy and not freaked out at all but seemingly fascinated at the tiny parasite that had tried to suck his blood. The tick was safely contained within a prescription medicine bottle. The child was actually concerned for the tick’s well-being. Was he lonely or hungry in there? Would he run out of oxygen? Apparently, my son was under the impression he had acquired a new pet.
I swear she cast a shadow white as stone.
This is for my dad's best friend's daughter :) Hopefully she and her new baby like it.
1) Get involved at the People’s City Mission, Friendship Home, or with City Impact. All three of these groups desperately need volunteers and all work with refugees (and other under-resourced members of our community). I volunteered with the People’s City Mission for 18 months before starting at UNL and finding that, unfortunately I simply didn’t have the time anymore. It’s an extremely rewarding experience and I would strongly encourage you to pursue it. I especially loved the Sudanese people I met at the mission. There is a happiness about them that seems to be immune to all the suffering they’ve experienced. As you get to know them you realize that isn’t the case, they are perfectly aware of their suffering and it takes a horrible toll on them, as you would expect. But they don’t go around whining about it all the time, looking for pity. Considering how many of us do that over really stupid things, the attitude of the Sudanese is refreshing.
“Police knew,” she said. “Police are not dumb. They know. They just chose not to do anything.”
12 FL “Stand Your Ground” Cases Protected People Who Pursued Others
We both trundled around for a while muttering in unison about the audacity of it all.
Shame, these poor warmists. Every time they think they've bedazzled the little people into believing their tripe, their non-scientific "theories" get debunked. They keep having to retreat due to the daily flogging they get. They have now retreated as far back as 3500 years ago in the hope that this theory will at least fly. I mean, who can disprove what happened BC? As I've often said on this blog, I am no scientist, but just reading the first few lines of this article got me laughing. They are blaming the start of climate change on the clearing of the forests way back then. Wow, apparently the thousands of farmers living in the Congo (yes people, there were farmers 3500 years ago in the Congo growing oil palm, pearl millet and yams, and other crops and smelting iron - I kid you not) are to blame! So, according to these scientists and their magic all seeing crystal ball, because these farmers had to clear the forest to plant their crops, this was the start of climate change! With my logical brain and common sense the obvious questions for me are what did the planet do before there were forests? And what happened when lightning triggered mass burning of forests, without man around to put them out - that wasn't responsible in any way was it? Yeah, I'm now totally convinced that it was definitely the Congo farmers 3500 years ago which triggered the climate we have today. There is no question...By the way, the Bantu people of the Congo 3500 years ago are the same Black tribal people which migrated to Southern Africa. They were nomads and not farmers - otherwise the White Boers would have found cultivated farms when they trekked inland of South Africa. Still today they don't know how to farm. Just saying.
“No talk me through it. As a TEAM we all need to know what everyone is doing.”
Thomas J. Ashton, 21, New York, N.Y.
Title: Sarai
but when you talk
I have been enjoying this slice of life in America, and at times really appreciative of how friendly people can be. Striking up general conversations with people in the store or outside, makes me miss living in America.
In the grand scheme of things, is this a big deal?
steps, as I splash through the puddles.
“While I am pleased that this Act reflects important progress, much work remains to be done to address other claims of past discrimination made by women and Hispanic farmers against the Department of Agriculture as well as to address needs of tribal communities,” Obama said in remarks released by the White House.
As paper I have used an older line from Pink Paisley called Butterfly Garden. I really love this paper.
He was born to a woman, under the Law, in the line of David,
Ornaments Due: December 7,2011
And emptying it is not that hard. I have been in almost every conceivable situation now. At home, I take it out, empty it into the toilet and wash it in the sink with soap and warm water. In public washrooms, I can just empty it into the toilet, give it a wipe with some toilet paper and reinsert it. Or you can even revert to the old ways of disposable products for an outing. But I never have. I love the diva cup. It is comfortable, and easy to use. I forget I have it in. I have been swimming with it in many times, exercised with it in, gone everywhere with it.
Hello everyone!! Ok so today I want to talk about looking "normal" and how society sucks XDD. While reading Sui Princess post she mentioned that "normal" looking girls were being rude to her and her friends just cause they looked different from everyone else.
V for Victory - ELLA Autumn/Winter 2012-13 Collection
Protestors from the right waved Israeli flags and signs that read: “When I came to Israel there was no Palestinian nation,” and “I’m proud to be Israeli,” they also sang Israeli songs. They also prevented the ceremony’s organizers from speaking and booed them repeatedly.
How simple is that! And it's a winner every time. And if you are lucky enough to have any leftovers, let me tell you, mush it up and spread it on your toast the next morning and your day will definitely begin well!
Ok, even though it sounds wrong I have to say it. Image is a bit of a problem here. Traditional old pump clips and a thousand and one products that all taste more or less the same triggers nothing but old fashioned perceptions of beer and a stagnating beer scene. It's been blogged about many a time but many small breweries have had the tendency to follow the heard.
Steven Sterling Smith.
Her name is Vanessa. I named her that because growing up when Renee and I played Barbies the evil Barbie's name was usually Vanessa. (no offense to any Vanessas out there)
But as Peter Gray so brilliantly writes in this article, Amy Chua is more like a circus trainer than an actual tiger mother. She is ultimately concerned with performance, with impressing others. Her children are just actors (like it or not) in her big life show. It makes me sick to see anyone in the media congratulating her for her daughter's recent college acceptances, as if it somehow justifies her method.
So: no one who's a big star with the base, no one who's been successfully attacked by liberals, no one who has a personality. Oh, and no girls allowed, either:
Attirance sexuelle
Nesties - Classic Ovals: Small
I concluded my day with a walk along the fair and the flower market, before heading to the Italian ice cream parlour, for an “oblie” filled with Malaga and Bellini – still feeling immensely satisfied with my tram trip. On my way home, I passed streets were all the neighbours and passers-by were enjoying a street-BBQ, squares where African drums invited people to dance, and serene parks where people were sleeping on the grass in the evening sun. Everybody seemed to have enjoyed a splendid day.
-11PM Rhett Miller. Damn fine show....and my new girlfriend Susan Tedeschi sings with him. I think she was looking at me.
Goering was sentenced to hang, but he committed suicide instead by swallowing a cyanide capsule.
The photo's you order from your mini-session will be supplied in high-resolution, on a CD or customer supplied thumbdrive - they are yours to keep, print at retail, share with loved ones - outright.
Industry sources suggest that being told "what was good for them" and "your only chance of getting your bottles anywhere near the eyeline" has led to the pair betraying their fans and doing just what the man says.
I am thankful for facebook which has allowed me to reconnect with long lost friends, or stay up-to-date with friends that I don't get to talk to as often as I would like. However, I miss seeing some of these people and talking face to face.
I wonder years from now, what date will I remember the most, the day we lost her or the day she should have been born. I suppose only time will tell. But, for today I will think of this as her birthday. Happy Birthday little baby, happy birthday precious angel. If I could have wish on your day it would be that today had went as planned, that we would be laying in a hospital bed right now together, that you would have met your big brother, and you would have been here tomorrow for your father's birthday. We miss you.
And… just to tell you the rest of the story… Jessica’s attitude was exceptional. She cheered on her friends, even stating that she was glad it happened to her and not to Cory. A few times she acknowledged she felt sad, but she knew that her dad would work something out.
ELF Eyebrow kit in Medium
I was out all day Saturday, with some of my plans for the day coming through and some not. I spent the morning and early afternoon at a huge art festival in Brooklyn. From there, I had planned on going to a smaller art exhibit also in Brooklyn, but the trains made it difficult. It was partly my fault; I probably could've left DUMBO a half-hour earlier (that's Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass to you non-New Yorkers), but I was enjoying the day too much. Still, I had to take a completely roundabout trip to Greenpoint because the trains that would've gotten me there quicker weren't running normally. I knew when I got off the train that I wouldn't have had any time for this show, so I reluctantly chose to blow it off and head to Jersey City for the highlight of the day - a return to the Landmark Loews Jersey Theater.
Guy friends will eat you out of house and home if you’re not careful.
Hemsworth chimed in saying “The premiere was the moment of relief”
No joke. We've seen it happen, in panel, before. :)
Thats the theme this week at Tickled Pink Stamps Challenge. Another great easy one as I am sure we all have some chipboard floating around the place somewhere!! Now in my scrapbooking daze I was never a big fan of it...unfortunately...lol. So I really dont have a great lot of it. i have some nice laser cut wood bits that i have..umm..'collected' lately but thats not really chipboard ..is it??
- 1 tsp peppermint extract
What type of art do you create?
their wings a rustle of taffeta
I'll love you in buckskin
In this chapter (after a bit of damning-with-faint-praise of Obama for acknowledging drug use in his memoir), Gutfeld goes on to say:
As a result of the water ingress the steel rods within the reinforced concrete and most if not all of the metal fixtures have corroded leaving the building structurally unsound and very expensive to repair.
"However, there is another side to the Airleaf story, one never told. At the end of 2006 and the end of my time in Martinsville there were 3000 clients. I have no idea how many authors bought services from Airleaf in 2007 and 2008, I wasn’t there. So we’ll be conservative and add ZERO new clients after I left."
Bernard G. and Rhoda Sarnat
I found it interesting and entertaining how ‘Peter’ learned to communicate with the being who visited his room – concepts that ‘Peter’ found common-place and even explaining things from a human perspective were just not enough to accurately communicate with this being, something that ‘Peter’ needed to do to find out what role they wanted or needed him to fulfil, and so ‘Peter’ had to rethink his efforts at communication. Jeffery pulled this off with aplomb, and this is one of the reasons why the second half of the novel disappointed me.
She saw Harry fall before her world turned into a whirlwind.
Rudolph's Shiny New Year ... ABC Family ... 9 AM
A written plan is vital. Without it, your best efforts could be forgotten in a moment, and your ability to follow up and evaluate your employee’s progress is significantly compromised. The written plan is also the clearest, most complete way to communicate agreements.
The first one looks like this...
The subdued, desolate ballad 'And So Is Love' features
“Meanwhile,” said Ms. Seymour, “the media have exaggerated the threat of BPA for years. On the Feb. 25, 2010, CBS ‘Early Show’ broadcast, Katie Lee crossed the line from hype into outright falsehood when she said of BPA: ‘And that’s been shown to cause liver disease, heart failure, all sorts of things.”
On other days, she is saying yes to herself — for unselfish reasons.
Ladies’ boxing makes its debut at this year’s Olympics, which means a nod in the direction of another boxing Oscar winner, Clint Eastwood’s Million Dollar Baby (2004). I won’t give away the ending in case you’ve never seen it but, as in most of his films, screenwriter Paul Haggis telegraphs it loud and clear about half way through!
Now, I knew I’d have to take the shrimpies’ little dresses off, but I was clueless about deveining.
*Jack is thankful for Daddy
Bag of Holding: This is the one magic item that if I could have any magic item from D&D (barring anything providing a wish as that is cheating) I would choose without a second thought. I love it. Now in LL there is only one size of the bag so I would have to go with 3.5 for mine but then again 10'x5'x3' is nothing to sneeze at nor is being able to hold up to 1000lb while only ever weighing at max 60lbs.
Now, it just so happens that as I have used a much neglected stamp and two dies to make my card, it fits in with my buddy Judith's friendly weekly challenge called Forgotten Friday so I'm popping over to her lovely blog in a minute to add a link. I haven't seen her post yet today but there's always something lovely to see so do pay her a visit. I have to say thanks to Elaine too because I was in such a hurry to get her card in the post (it still ended up being late :( ) I completely forgot to take any pics, lol! Elaine very kindly emailed some photos over to me first thing so I could do my post. Thanks Buddy!!!
Oh, she's not cool. In fact, she might have been the role model for Smelly Pirate Ho Mommy Dog. Why am I so upset? Mail fairy came to my house and she brought me the following:
How quickly things can change in the world of football! A little under a month ago, Manchester United’s noisy neighbours looked to have been well and truly silenced: thanks to a late Mikel Arteta strike they had left the Emirates Stadium in despair having suffered a defeat that left them eight points behind their rivals in the race to become the 2011/12 Premier League Champions. Their misery appeared to be fully justified: Sir Alex Ferguson’s teams simply do not surrender those kinds of leads this late on in the season, until now anyway. Fast forward twenty three days and City’s fans are in full voice having seen United lose two and draw one of their four games since taking such a seemingly unassailable lead in this season’s title race.
I received some news today that made me so angry, I had to share it with you. Our neighbors recently moved from across the road. They are a fantastic couple, the best neighbors you could ask for. They've been married for over 50 years, and have lived in their house forever. Their children grew up with my father-in-law and his brothers and sisters, and they all played together. When we first moved in, I brought baked goods over occasionally. When my van broke down last fall, he brought over a battery charger and left it overnight for me. If he saw me walking outside without a coat on, he'd jokingly chew me out. Every time we had a snowfall, he always brought out his snowblower and cleaned out our mailboxes, not just theirs, but ours as well. Truly nice people.
Maryse Leclair, 23 - materials engineering
The person being sought for this position will contribute to both the Japanese Studies teaching programme, which primarily focuses on Japan in the modern era, and to its research profile. Applications are invited for any area of modern Japanese Studies, but are especially welcomed from those working on religion or literature. Candidates with research interests related to other areas in Japanese Studies are also encouraged to apply.
Let me finish with this. Mohammed’s mosque was made of mud and clay, with a thatch of palm leaves. Today mosques have become grand, but faith has fallen low. Temples are made of marble, but worship has become less gracious. Churches are beautiful, but the prayers less beautiful. Our worship places have become huge but our religions have become narrow. The noise of religion has become loud, but the spirit has become invisible. ‘Religionism’ has increased, but spiritualism has taken a beating.
It's the twenty-second century, and everyone can read minds, except for Kira. Her inability to share thoughts with her classmates leaves her hopelessly at the bottom of the social ladder, and she even has to wear a special hearing aid so her teachers can whisper their lectures. Things most young teenage girls look forward to, like college and boyfriends, are completely out of the question for a zero like Kira.
My Thoughts: I love the fact that WWE has written this article to suggest Eve’s new role and character in the WWE and how she is making a huge impact on it… could this perhaps hype a Divas Champion feud with Layla!
“Yes?” I wanted to make sure this meant what I thought it meant because I was getting very excited. “I can take classes?”
I seriously want to see more of the Hawkeye/Black Widow relationship. I think they should give the two of them their own Marvel Cinematic Universe movie. There is plenty of history (and sexual tension) between the two of them to make it interesting and entertaining. I don’t know what it is about Jeremy Renner, but there is something very appealing about him. He’s not your stereotypically handsome action star but I kinda wanna jump his bones anyways. I think I’ll add him to the runners up list. I’ve always been told that Scarlett Johansson is a bit of a bee-yatch but I’ve seen her perform on Broadway (in Arthur Miller’s A View from the Bridge) and she is a fantastic actress. I also think she’s one of the sexiest actresses working today (Geek Outlaw thinks so too). She certainly holds her own with the boys in this movie. Considering Black Widow and Hawkeye are ordinary humans (albeit with extraordinary skill sets), you have to suspend belief a bit when watching them survive falls and body slams that would normally kill a person instantly but barely leave a scratch on them. And yet, I didn’t care about the improbability of it all. The awesomeness outweighed the practicality for me.
Were pensioners paid a decent pension and were employees paid a decent wage, there would be no need for these subsidies and our welfare benefit budget would fall dramatically.And who's going to pay for that?
My closest, closest friends are masters of giving me space even if we have to share a room, or the same zip code. But they also tend to be people who need to have me time, and they don’t compromise it, because it’s a priority to them.
I heard the trailing garments of the Night
Of course when we first began, we did not know at that time that it would be published- we were all in it for the sheer joy of collaborating in such an open format. When Stampington expressed interest, and in 2003 published our project as “True Colors”, it was such a happy ending for one of the most innovative projects I’ve had to the pleasure to be involved in.
or seven venues are all within five minutes on foot, as is the accommodation I stay at every year. And then there’s the hot dogs and waffles.” Mark compares it to the scene on his doorstep. “It is much more compressed, everybody knows everybody. If you look at London gig listings then you’re talking about four or five pages. In Reykjavík there’s probably only two or three things happening most nights, so it is much easier to follow. I’m sure that there are other cities with great music scenes, all I know is that Iceland keeps producing bands that I love. This is a country with under 300,000 people that can host a festival with 150 of its own bands – I’m not sure any UK town of a similar size could do anything close to that.
On the townfront, I dropped price on the house to less than what I owe and if I can get an offer, hope to try for a short sale. Hope is not the word here, in fact I can’t think of anything I hate having to do more than that. I am bracing myself for being made to feel like the lowest scum of the earth by a certain bank with the initials of WF. Three years of cleaning and showing and cleaning and showing and dropping the price three times and cleaning and showing and still nothing. I think I have done all I can do, and it is the time to do what I have to do. Then there is the fact that if the house
I was crossing the street when shots rang out
Saturday, August 25th–I watched “2 Days In Paris.”
Fifth…Follow along with what is going on here today? Two minutes peeps, Do you have it in you?!?
But Mr Tsvangirai has two strong cards: the first is that he holds the key to an internationally funded recovery programme, which cannot happen without him; and time is on his side.
This weeks "What I wore" is a great example of how to dress up a plain white blouse.
It's great to maximize on the times kids seem to have an opinion or interest about making something. Having a helper makes the prep go by more quickly, and gets them very motivated to snack on their own creations! If you have a reluctant or disinterested crew, promise them samples for their hard work. I find chocolate chips and chopped apple are very good forms of payment.
2. Share 8 things about yourself - Check!
Yeah...that has the potential to cost $315 because we don't know what insurance will cover.
I'm sure our neighbors think we're crazy, but I don't care.
Out of this mix I made 4 dozen biscuits and froze to rolls of uncooked cookie dough. See, you really do get stacks and I tend to make them on the large size LOL
There are countless volunteer opportunities out there. Countless. And each one of them serve a purpose. They fill a need.
LB: Chris Marve, Vanderbilt
When lifelong companions are one day old,
Thanks to both Sebastian and Jaden for stopping by! It was fun getting inside their hands once again. Make sure you check out WHAT A BOY WANTS and WHAT A BOY NEEDS (coming soon) by Nyrae Dawn. Find out more about both books and Nyrae at her website and on Twitter.
'Beautiful Spring' & 'Mother & Father' are perfect for this time of the year.
4. Loyalty is a recurring theme throughout the book and much of this series. Why is it so important to Ethan that he needs Merit’s allegiance? Is it solely a Master and Sentinel thing or does it imply something else?
Form thoughts into sentences and type them out. Even if I’m repeating, “I don’t know what to write. I can’t think of a thing. I just feel anxious. AGAIN. Blah blah, that’s boring. I can’t write about that again. I should go to bed. But what if I can’t sleep? I might as well sit here. At least then I’m not panicking about not being able to fall asleep…” etc. Classic application of the adage, “Begin where you are.” Sitting at my kitchen table, unsold dozens of eggs from today’s market all around me, my stomach growls from too much adrenaline and too little food. (Yes, that’s literally where I am.)
On the other hand, Peter is thrilled when he is sent to take pictures at a press event for scientific hero of Parkers- Dr. Otto Octavious (Alfred Molina). He is showing his new potential energy source. He also is showing off his “assistants”-a set of mechanical arms. The experiment goes awry (as scientific experiments are want to do) and Spider-Man jumps into the fray. Unfortunately, Otto is hospitalized and his wife killed in the turmoil.
St. John Vianney, you who know so well what attacks a priest is heir to, pray for your brother priest.
“Well, thank you Cliff,” I answered, delighted. “I really appreciate that . . . What prompted you to call me at this moment?”
How soon, unaccountable, I became tired and sick;
"Fuck you! I will totally shove a my Big Mac up your ASS! Yeah I want McDondalds!"
I pulled on a button up Thursday morning, and even though it isn't something I'd usually wear, Chris told me it was cute. Aaand Ryann asked me why I was wearing a boy shirt. Meh. While Ryann was at MDO I cleaned out the pantry. Fun stuff. She has an awesome cheese face and apparently thinks Jimmy John's stickers are mustaches.
I rebooted the computer, modem and router endless times...
The GDP was up 3.2 percent in the January-March quarter. The biggest component of growth in that quarter came from consumer spending, which rose at the fastest pace in three years. Consumer spending accounts for 70 percent of total economic activity.
“And if I am it’d be your business — why?”
The Pastry Club #2!
She was crying when she walked in the room. We looked at each other and both of us stared sobbing.. We hugged and she told me she had just lost her cat the night before.
Being of bigger frame, I find my hip-and-shoulder technique tends to be quite effective. This means I can get to where I need to go with out fear of being trampled on, and simultaneously barrage my way through. It also means that people GTFO of my way when they see me running through. It’s kind of like being a Trojan horse… without being made of wood and filled with 100 men all wanting to kill someone.
5.Writing too much – You need to not be writing much more written content than you’ve got top quality info. It is going to only damage you within the long haul in case you publish content material with quite small substance. When you have mountains of info, statistics and resources to use, compose five web blog posts a week as well as making videos, infographics and podcasts. When you do not have this, lower your output to a sensible amount and which is appropriate for the resources accessible to you.
Step 3: Knead the wrapper dough well and make 50g balls with it.
Leap Learning Systems is committed to delivering cutting-edge language and literacy development programs to educators, students, and their families across Chicago and beyond, particularly those in underserved communities. We look forward to future endeavors in similar After School Matters programs.
On the other hand, data manipulation software that uses Security Socket Layer (SSL) encryption usually qualifies for BIS’s “Mass Market Encryption” exception for items classified under Export Control Classification Numbers 5A992 and 5D992. This exception allows certain “publicly available” software to be exported to most countries without a license if the exporter registers with BIS by obtaining an Encryption Registration Number.
He decided against pointing out she was the crazy woman in leather and carrying around a sword. Derrek brought a hand to his head; he didn’t have to feign a headache at all. “This just doesn’t make any sense. We’ve been walking for half the day and I haven’t seen a single building let alone a city. This is just impossible.”
...he's getting so curious.
Sorry chaps but this is a 'girly' post today. I have been putting the job off for weeks but I have done it this morning; I have cleaned out my wardrobe.
“The burning of the Reichstag was to be the signal for a bloody insurrection and civil war…it was ascertained that today was to have seen throughout Germany terrorist acts against individual persons, against private property, and against the life and limb of the peaceful population, and also the beginning of general civil war.”
This is out of control.
This recipe can be adapted in all sort of ways. I used Belgium dark chocolate—Cote d’or truffe noir—because that’s what I had handy. You could use milk chocolate or dark chocolate, a cookie base instead of a coconut base, fleck the topping with flaky sea salt, or just follow instructions listed here if this is your first time.
Culture Shock begins on May 4th at 4 PM SLT and will run until May 26th. This year 50% to 100% of the profits of exclusive items will be going to Medicins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders). A zoomable map with a list of stores and SLURLs can be found here and I will give you a headsup and let you know there will be a script gate at the landing point so you will need to reduce your scripts to 50 or less to enter. I’ve got a couple of Culture Shock goodies to show you today! First is this sexy top from Plastik. This sculpted top is the exclusive item but there are a wide variety of other colors/patterns if this one doesn’t suit your tastes. I had to show off the gorgeous bows in the back and the new Bitch poses from Glitterati gave me just the pose I was looking for. Stay tuned for more Culture Shock items and go ahead and have a look at all the amazing stores on the list!
from the offending transgression
How about Chalene Johnson? Chalene is the creator of Turbo Fire, Turbo Jam, PiYo, Hustle, Turbo Kick, Chalean Extreme and many other fitness programs. She is the author of the book PUSH that put her on the New York Times best selling author list. She successfully owns and operates 2 companies that she built from scratch. She’s a mom, a wife, a mentor, an entrepreneur, a motivational speaker, a life coach and she attributes all of it to how she thinks. She herself will tell you that her mindset and what she focused on took her to the heights she is at today and how she continues to think and see herself keeps her there. She studied people and learned how to focus then she refused to allow the challenge of defeat to blur her vision for her life. Now look at her.
My small non-stick frying pan is not as non-stick as it used to be and I found I needed to put a little olive oil in the pan. This gave the breads a lovely crisp edge.
Tally Ho is strong and dry with a not unpleasant hint of oxidisation that makes it come across as venerable and authoritative. Initially I think it lacks the sweetness I want from a dessert beer, and wish it was a barley wine instead.
Combine cheese and breadcrumbs and sprinkle over the top.
5) Lemongrass(Serai), 2 pcs
name. so when God raised Him up in triumph over satan and sin, in the mind of
– have trouble stopping something once you’ve started
The best thing I found out today was that, in 2009, A-list celebrity Bertie Bassett got married, in a Bassett’s publicity stunt, to another character made of sweets called Betty, but…
as the stars declare His glory.
“Why?” he asked me.
Although he frequently cut school and ended up being arrested time and time again for his wild behavior, the kid still managed to finish high school and got accepted to a state university. Unfortunately the survivalist and aggressive attitude that was the norm in New York City caused him to be involved in more violent altercations at school, whether it was with other brothers, false flaggers or the relentlessly racist population of an uncultured Middle America.
A simple lunch.
seam together from top to ribbing.
“What’s this?” I asked.
So this is the first Science Fiction type story I'm doing. The other three were kind of romantic/comedy stuff, the first two being high-school set. Also the first time I plan on telling the story from multiple viewpoints.
Check out a few colors our top pick went up against that I still had lots of fun with. You just may want to add these to your collection anyway, or stuff into your boss' Christmas stocking.
Well, partly, because if you are writing "everyday" dialogue, your readers will be bored to tears.
In October, they should just do trick or treating. Each gallery would pass out candy. Good candy, not art treats, or homemade candy, but Snickers and Butterfingers. It would end in some big art party at a loft instead of a raffle, with everyone dressed as sexy devils, sexy vampires, sexy Frankensteins, sexy wolfmens/womens, sexy mummies and sexy zombies.
2. My leather Moroccan pouf has been on back order since early May!! But it is finally set to arrive tomorrow afternoon, stuffed and ready to sit at the foot of my glider. Yes, I have been obsessing over this one item for some time.
But then he goes from harsh truth to complete delusion:
I would cite two trends as evidence that the intervention was a mistake: instability inside Libya and fallout in the region. While the civil war would have produced some chaos regardless, I think the chances are strong that without the Western intervention, Colonel Muammar Qadhafi’s side would have defeated the rebels and Qadhafi would have remained in power, an outcome that would have reduced the resulting regional chaos.
The only question that remains for us now is, “Do you love Jesus?” Are you committed to following and obeying Him no matter where He will lead and what He will command?
Joel: There are really only three characters in the book, but my favorite is Tommy's friend, Vince, who is Cambodian-American with a prosthetic leg who also plays football. I based Vince's personality on a childhood friend of mine, who seemed to effortlessly bridge the gap between the 'jocks' and the 'band geeks' of our school.
12. Do you use guided reading groups, daily five, or something altogether different?
A sample may look like this:
I'm going to try for gift giving this year, too. You can check out my Pinterest
No, it wasn’t God. And I don’t think it was my right kidney, although it was probably screaming something similar at this point. It was that little part of me (ok BIG part of me) that is just tired. Tired of me pushing so hard for everything ALL THE TIME.
This needed a little help from some transparent tape sent to me by Tatting Goddess a few years ago, wind a piece round the ball and it sticks to itself and can be removed easily. I have no idea what it is called or where to get more.
Tell that group to get its house in order. And not just for kuffar consumption; but in reality. Until that day, which won’t come, keep away from the MCB. After all, having formal, and even informal, links with the MCB is little better than having links with Class War or Permanent Revolution.
The spare row of stars in the north
Who are these millionaires?… well 23 of the 29 in the cabinet are! Here’s just 23 of the 14,000 millionaires to benefit from a £40k tax cut funded by the http://tinyurl.com/3xz33wd
The Terriers spent too much of their season losing to the likes of Bucknell, LaSalle and Quinnipiac, all teams that were within their reach, in games that they lost by no more than three points.
I'm sure, like me, a lot of you have been gardening over the weekend. I've been concentrating on the area in front of the summerhouse and intend buying more plants later this week. I have sown some seeds for the first time as I usually buy the plants so we'll see how they work out.
Today's (November 9) sketches and studies, totaling 13. All drawn with a dip pen and Speedball Super Pigmented Acrylic Ink.
I also want to mention that M-Pressed blush has approximately 3 grams of product in each pan.
After this long trail run we came up to another set of Berlin Walls. This time we knew what we were doing and got over them rather quickly. Still didn’t prevent me from popping a nut, it seemed almost unavoidable. We were probably at about 6 miles now. We kept on moving about another half mile through trails to Greased Lightning, which is the worlds biggest and longest slip n’ slide. Lets just say it fit the epic theme. This was beyond fun. Me and the whole team went down together and had an absolute blast. The greased tarp turned into just a big muddy hill where we continued sliding, this was a great moral booster.
621. – Dinner @ Veekoo (Royersford, PA) w/ the Nubby Family –
a little amount of oil to be used to cover the rolls layers.
"See here", he continued, "one of these Internet characters holds that beer lines should be cooled along their length, while another proposes that the cellar temperature should be lowered during the warmer part of the year."
But we actually do have a collection of Ahadith in Judaism too. Well, we have something which is structured the same way as Ahadith, that is, it consists of the same composition.
We went camping the middle of July.
UKIP? Don't make me laugh.
Noting that the judgment accused former head of news Snuki Zikalala of "unlawfully manipulating" news items on Zimbabwe's 2005 elections, and blacklisting certain commentators to silence critical voices, Abramjee said the matter was of "serious concern" and needed to be fully investigated.
I am writing again and will finish my book, Forbidden, soon. Once I stopped trying to control my book, its characters, and their future, and let the writing Gods take over, it led me to the simple amazing truths that allude us all. Wow…I cannot believe the point of it all was so simple but profound.
VEGAN OPTION
Sometimes I try to guess what percentage of a conversation I have heard, but the meaning of a sentence isn’t based on percentages. For example, if I hear someone saying to me ‘The —— sat on the mat’, I’ve only missed 16.66 per cent of their words. With what I imagine is a good chance of being right I supply cat. But our speech-acts are so compulsively and wonderfully creative that dog or even banana may well be the real answer. I try to respond intelligently, but if I then talk about cats my conversational partner will consider my understanding nearer zero per cent than 83.33.
You will receive an email when your item ships!
It will come to no surprise that profit for the month was down. Due to uncertainty relating to ‘Burn Jita’ as well as the escalation to inferno a decision was made that all Tech2 items would be held back from the market until May.
perhaps we’ll embody that perfect phrase
A jet plane blazes
But — you know, but he wouldn’t probably pay much at all in taxes. And I think that, as long as the tax is not one that deters a proper investment to be able to deploy capital and to get jobs created, then lower rates are better than zero when it comes to the issue of capital gains.
...look at this!!!
Actually, this epiphany might fade by tomorrow morning, but nonetheless, I just want to write now. Like a nap. Or a song. “I’ll get back to work once this song is finished. I just want to hear the end.”
7. The anti-Islamist security ramifications of the new law would be horrendous.
Work quickly now because agar-agar sets fast, even at room temperature. Use a teaspoon to gently dollop the coloured agar mixes onto the clear agar sitting in the mold. If the clear agar isn’t cool enough, the coloured mix might spread too much. We are aiming for the coloured mix to stay droplet like suspended in the clear layer.
But the truth is, this radical agenda is NOT restricted to public schools.
*Ink: Blue Encore Ultimate Metallic
Anyway, let me take you on a tour. The new room is 11 feet square. This is how it looked when we first came to view the house.
The few small benefits our family have been able to claim because of my daughter's disability go towards hospital parking, heating, and other luxuries, like food. It means that my part-time work - and my husband's less than astronomical full-time wage - have been enough to live on. And it means that I've been able to be here when my daughter needs me. Which she is going to continue to do, the selfish layabout.
With a deft, and well-rehearsed move, the turtle rolls under your car and bites a hole right though the inner sidewall. The sudden yawing acceleration startles you out of your trance. You expertly make an emergency stop.
Every so often, it seems we find ourselves in the position my father was in that night. Disappointments and heartaches come to our friends and loved ones. We must let them know we understand, but far too many of us try to do this with words. We fumble around, vainly hunting for the right thing to say. Then we find ourselves talking to cover our embarrassment. Finally the one we have tried to cheer is feeling sorry for us.
"LOVE- can`t be seen with the eyes,
4g baking powder
Finally, Mom Mom would want me to thank you all for coming. She loved you all so much. Thank you and may God bless you.
Finally I just want to link to this video ‘Money as Debt‘ as it shows how interest rates on debt requires some people to become bankrupt in order for the whole monetary system to keep ticking, because there isn’t actually enough money in the system for everyone to pay off all their debt PLUS the interest. Surely this is not a stable model to be working with, but I have faith that we humans are smart enough to outgrow it and see beyond our cultural conditioning that has kept us hooked in today’s economic slavery and find something better and fairer for all.
He added: “I’m not sick and I don’t want to hurt anyone, cars are just my preference.”
No, I can't resist the day
Ok, now for the tutorial:
I'm sure it's a perfect summer refresher but I've no objection to it in the depths of winter either.
Your scorpion sting
This trope is a reversal, a thought-terminating cliché, and a colonizing attempt to re-frame women’s liberation concepts into erasure of the physical reality of the female sex and erasure of the primary role our reproductive biology plays in the targeting and enforcement of female oppression by males.
18With great force he takes a grip of my clothing, pulling me by the neck of my coat.
2) #19 Cal State Fullerton Titans (BigWest) @ #6 Texas A&M Aggies (BigXII), Friday-Sunday College Station, TX
Others were hanging from trees by their neck dead from suffocation.
Thoughts of home mixed with alcohol after a night out can lead to some unexpected tears on the pillow (and temporary amnesia as the morning sun fills your room with shame). Either you’re having an emotional breakdown, or you’re a bit homesick. One requires extensive therapy whilst the other requires a Skype account to cure. Pick wisely!
and the smell of fresh spring earth.
If you go:
I was thinking that they would be a lovely treat for a children's celebration.
Every couple of days I’ll take a snapshot at tracks that make NUMBER 1 and post them.
It was a beautiful frosty morning, brilliant blue skies… but cold…Oh well, winter in Michigan. I have been working on Christmas presents.. mostly watermedia, you know, watercolor, acrylic and gouache. Last weekend, I primed 10 boards of various sizes with absorbent ground. This morning I sanded them down to make them smooth. The experiments that you see on the boards were also primed with absorbent ground, but not sanded to as smooth of a surface.
The basic idea of this tutorial is that the felt butterfly is a blank canvas for you to decorate however you want. You can use pretty sequins or buttons or beads, or stitch a design with colourful embroidery threads - let your creativity run riot!
I even read an NPR article yesterday that said our manners are declining! People statistically are growing less and less inclined to say “please,” “thank you,” and “you’re welcome.” Wildness.
it works...
Hello everybody! How are you today? I am very excited! Yesterday I was on the racetrack near my hometown at the drifting training and... I don't know what to say. This sport is amazing! Those cars, sound of engines and smell of burned tyres = LOVE IT! I have new target in my life - buy something RWD car and learn drifting. I was watching this sport in the Internet very often but on real it's a lot of better! Really... I was very suprised.
Despite the obvious parallel between the placenames, one very unlikely contender is a hill called Wolf Hole Crag, which lies deep in northern England, as it is located too far to the south of both Renwick’s support base and any location where he is known to have preached. Wolf Hole (NU 094 033), near Rothbury in Northumberland, and Wolf Crags (NY 355 221), near Keswick in Cumbria, are better candidates, as we know that the Societies did have a small presence in both shires and that Renwick occasionally visited Northumberland. However, the site almost certainly lies in Scotland, as the proclamation which mentions the three illegal conventicles was issued in Scotland.
After reading through other reviews, there has been a lot of comments on the purpose of the superheroes in the novel and whether they really needed to be in it. I have to agree here, and say I’m not sure they were all that necessary. At first, I expected them to play a much bigger role in the story but soon discovered that not to be the case. Adam Christopher has certainly used a lot of elements in this story, maybe a little too many at times; from robots, to superheroes, to time travel, to gangsters etc. At times I almost felt like I was reading a mix of storylines from well-known films and TV shows like Fringe, Batman, Boardwalk Empire, I Robot… I did at times question just how much of this was Christopher’s own invention. However, I think after now having read it and looking back on it, it’s obvious that these films and television programmes may have inspired him but this is definitely his novel, and his alone. The characters certainly didn’t come from anywhere but his mind and for me, it’s the characters that truly make Empire State what it is. Although, I should note that in the interview with Adam Christopher at the back of the novel, he does say he didn’t watch Fringe until after writing it! The truth is that long before such television programmes and films as these were made, all of their elements have been a part of science fiction novels for decades. Writers are constantly recycling elements and ideas, but it’s the way they’ve chosen to write and present those ideas that make it their own.
Any thoughts about inappropriate phone conversations at work? Am I alone in thinking that she shouldn't have said so much? Has this happened to anyone else in any field?
last but not lease is Clink
Just to give you some background information, Tate Modern had some success drawing in that audience but they struggled to keep them. The reason why this campaign gets a mention today(a highly honorable feat if I say so myself) is that the thinking behind it provided a long term benefit. We all know that music plays an integral role in the life of the audience they were looking at (Tate Modern used music in their previous attempt) but Tate Tracks went the extra mile by getting into the heads of the musicians. The question asked wasn't (only) "How do we get the consumers attention?" but "What do they consider as art?" "How do they contribute to art?"
Herbal medicine has been around for millenia. I am not trying to sell you any products here, but remind you that what you put in your body sustains you in more ways than you know. Herbs, garlic, onions and ginger all help the digestion, as well as enhance the taste and the smell of food. When I think of my mother, I whip up a plate of spaghetti, redolent with basil and garlic and I'm instantly transported and reliving all my days at the kitchen counter.
7. Hypnosis. As a control freak, hypnosis is the scariest thing that could ever happen to me. I like to think my brain is a brawny fortress of non-suggestability, impervious to the perils of hypnotism. I’m probably wrong.
"They went into the hut and took a bit of the food she had brought, and some of his goats' milk to drink; then theymade coffee, that she had brought with her in a bladder. Settled down comfortably over their coffee until bedtime. And in the night, he lay wanting her, and she was willing.
Some years ago, when we were still living in the Chicago area, we were friends with a couple (Bob and Jeanette) who owned a business selling window blinds, shades, shutters and the like. We all happened to be attending an event one evening and the four of us were seated at the same table. At some point in the conversation, Jeannette told us of an actual experience they had at their business.
10And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, Now is come salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ: for the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night.
In a double boiler, melt your chocolate with the condensed milk.
Some time ago I received an e-mail from "The Cupcake Factory BA" in Argentina because they wanted to promote their cupcakes and their delivery service. Unfortunately I live quite far away from Argentina now but I told them to send some to my mum and sister, I trust their opinion very much, they would be my eyes, well... my senses.
I have actively been scrapbooking since 2007.
As I had mentioned the other day, I participated in Kyle's card draft a couple of weeks ago. I'm following up on the promise to post what I obtained.
Did I?
Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country (Michael Mills, Edward French, Richard Snell)
1/4 tsp garlic powder
… grand strategy is the art of pursuing national goals in a way that improves our nation’s fitness to shape and cope with the conditions of an ever-changing international environment. A nation’s grand strategy is about its organic vitality and growth … or in Sun Tzu’s words, it is the “road to survival or ruin” over the long term.
Hope y'all had a wonderful weekend!
Amber Kingsnorth - We're always asking questions like; how can existing pieces be re-used, how can new pieces be adaptable to other uses later on and what happens to construction materials at the end of their useful life?
We spent a whole day wandering around this indescribably beautiful place. We started off in a group with a guide, but her English was so bad that we decided to go off on our own and see what we could find. There were cute llamas grazing along the way.
It is this oneness that redeems us, it is what makes everything possible, even after your heart has been crushed hard black. If there is still a way out of that, it is because of the perennial wisdom that existed before and after time.
Yesterday all the young adults were at home. It warmed my heart to see how these kids have grown up to be such wonderful human beings. It wasn’t long ago when they trotted all over the house wearing diapers . It’s amazing how one of them has started earning, another crossed his teens today and the little ones are not so little anymore. We saw their baby pictures and read the small little notes and letters they had written . The beautiful drawings that those little artists made brought back so many memories.
Here are a few plain or dated kitchens (some belonging to famous designers) that have been decorated to distract. Let's take a look.
The main problem with my opening is the fact that though Thor (the 22nd movie adapted from Marvel Comics) is a thoroughly enjoyable movie, full of moments of fanboy-intended giddy delights, tis not the Godly Asgardian wonder I had hoped (and possibly prayed to the Norse Gods) for. Still though, even though my (mostly) unrealistic aspirations were verily dashed, Thor, with its realm-hopping heroics and noble storybook questing (as well as a touch of comedy that harkens back to the comics), is a more than pleasurable entry in the (more and more every day) ubiquitous superhero genre, as well as a fun and nostalgic trip back to my boyhood days of reading the God of Thunder's exploits in the pages of the aforementioned Marvel Comics (not to mention my occasional adulthood forays back into the fantastical universe wherein I grew up).
No Pumba, it’s put your past behind you.
Peeved: No. Let’s just get them purses and then you can make a nice card for them.
As we know the Obama’s do not support this behavior and that it came through a live stream, to me, this is a seal of validation. Survivors who are adults have lived these nightmares firsthand. Learning social skills and in a healthy manner did not happen. We carried a lot of the blame for the behavior of these individuals through they’re projecting or “spinning” situations on us. Many of us are hypersensitive to cyberbullying as adults. As we experienced these things, we were always told to ignore it or that it was a rite of passage. Also, to get mad over something worth getting mad over and this was not worth the heartache and pain. Today, from the White House, we learned differently. The biggest thing was the fact that someone called bullying what it is and that’s abuse. Survivors, our day has come. Our experiences, thoughts and feelings were validated. It was called abuse. To me, this is a step in the right direction.
Greeted by rain clouds and wet and sloppy conditions, Formula One kicked off the in-season test in Mugello, Italy. Conditions improved throughout the morning running that saw teams running from a full wet setup to slicks eventually. At the top of the leader board sat Ferrari’s Fernando Alonso. Given the conditions however, not much can be concluded from any of this morning’s times. Below are the testing results of the morning session. Heavy rains expected this afternoon, so there may not be much in terms of productive testing for the rest of the day. Tomorrow and Thursday are expected to be dry however.
This is the cover of the book ‘The Houses of Veranda’, in which Lisa Newsom, the founder and editor-in-chief of Veranda Magazine from 1987 to 2010, included some of the best houses featured in Veranda over the past 25 years.
born: 1884 s/o Pierre Ophelias & Marciline Cashaw
sliced chicken breast
Forever foot filing,
bowls and teapots sprout like weeds.
Comes in mobile form
17. If budget allows, exterior garden landscape
Decisions
1) 2 pcs of Dried Bean curd Sheet (Cantonese-Foo Chuk)
But there is nothing illegitimate about the current government. It, including the government of the Western Cape, was democratically elected. The rules of engagement, therefore, are different.
Here's what our story is so far:
It's a great fun to do this job.
Oh and you can also buy all the stamps in digital form if you prefer digis.
We had a problem with the lease on the new premises, which meant extending the lease on the old practice. This has delayed the shop fit, so it has taken much longer than we had anticipated. Anyway, thankfully it is all sorted now so we are full steam ahead at last!
Singing is a wonderful way to teach verbal skills. In my classroom, we teach new songs every month and sing them daily during our circle time for easy learning. Here is a few Winter Themed Songs:
shiny glitter shapes - butterflies, swirlies, stars etc
Or, to put it another way, the cashier at the local grocery store? When he or she rings up your purchases, you’re objectifying him or her. Ditto for the barista at your local coffee house. When we see a movie, TV show, or play, we objectify everyone involved in the production as a means to our own enjoyment of whatever it is we’re watching.
1 swung
Remember, these were His disciples who had affirmed their loyalty in Matthew 26:35. “Peter said unto him, Though I should die with thee, yet will I not deny thee. Likewise also said all the disciples.” Yet in the last part of this same chapter, Peter denied him three times.
Papers - Prima - Pixie Glen
In other news, I finally got around to cataloging my arsenal of NaNoian implements. No, the dog has nothing to do with writing; she just insisted on being in the picture.
Very few open thinkers read all.
“It’s a really beneficial service to the students.”
23. safety first
I don't regret this choice at all. Children are supposed to be loved and protected, not abused.
Here we are again! I know, it's a long title and not the most clever, but I like it. Most days. So last week I shared our first big step towards a home with less disposable products. This week I wanted to share another thing we did that helped reduce our waste. This is actually something that most people already do and you probably do as well, but just in case here it is...reusable water containers! Bet you never saw that one coming. Really though, it's a great way to cut back on the trash/what goes in the recycle bin. Recycling is great, but if there's nothing to throw out at all, that's even better. We have found a few varieties here at our house that we like.
Gathering the votes, the teacher noted that one student, a quiet student, hadn't turned in his paper yet. So she asked him if he was having trouble with his list.
There are those who do zazen for years, with strong joriki, yet never awaken. Why not? Because in their deepest unconscious they can’t disabuse themselves of the idea that the world is external to them, that they are a sovereign individuality independent of and opposed by other individualities. To renounce such conceptions is to stand in “darkness.” Now, satori comes out of this “darkness,” not out of the “light” of reason and worldly knowledge.
What the travel agents said:
Other important information:
Observing and practicing a few of the following tips will particularly make social interactions that could lead to business more favorable and conducive to profit for both sides. My apologies to not include other regions here, particularly Australia, but my knowledge outside of Europe, East Asia, and North America is not extensive enough to comment.
Kids rooms evolve as kids grow up. I haven’t decided how I will decorate our kids room in our next house as we have no idea what kind of housing we’ll be provided with at the new post in Jakarta. I have been brainstorming how I would like to arrange our kids room and had a lot of fun thinking about it. One mission I have before we leave here is to go to IKEA and get stuff I need before we move because there is no IKEA in Jakarta. Sob, sob. I hope I’ll have enough time to go there before we pack out. I feel like we’re coming down the homestretch of our stay here. You think you have lots of time, then in a blink of an eye, you’ll be dealing with the movers. I’ve got to get my act together!
Last month, ASC oversaw the installation of Po Shu Wang and Louise Bertelsen’s artwork Sight Unseen at Midtown Park on the Little Sugar Creek Greenway.
i have no idea why blogger would change what seemed to work just fine. all i know is that i am having a hard time even finding my own blog and an even harder time figuring out how to post what i write. but here we are. finally.
Dr. Don Colbert provides an easy-to-understand and comprehensive explanation of the toxic battle you’re in. He also exposes risk factors and provides alternative solutions for living free from cancer, heart disease, liver disease, diabetes and more. You may be an average American who is overfed and undernourished, which means you are probably toxic, but there is hope. Detoxify your body with Dr. Colbert’s medically sound and proven program of juice fasting. Deep cleansing your body right down to the cellular level will renew your vitality, restore your energy, reclaim your health, shed toxic fat, lengthen your life and give you a healthy glow.
The Secret Circle
To be eligible to win this this very timely Simon Says Stamp shopping spree, simply create your own art using the Double Distress technique and link it to this blog via the InLinkz button at the bottom of this post. You're in the running as long as you honor these two simple rules:
I do believe in passive resistance. I do believe in social change through non-violent means. Obviously, I prefer to write about all the human atrocities, in the hopes that I, and others, can make the world a better place and to prevent myself from slipping into a misanthropic abyss. So rather than being Bartleby (who certainly has his place in society), I have chosen to be Ida Tarbell.
Listen to what the Maestro has to say :-)))
Press softened cookie dough into the pan until it forms a crust.
G. He / She Does Not Appreciate Understanding 18:2
Any organization has
F. Favorite color: Pink
Not wasting all those 19,200 bottles can really affect the environment specially if more people stopped using plastic bottles. Less assume that only one 10% of the earth population stopped using plastic water bottles. There would be around 800,000,000 people assuming that each person would use an average of 3 bottles a week, the total number of bottles used would be 115,200,000,000 bottles a year.
I'm not very good with writing my thoughts so it will be impossible for me to explain how much I love my Mama. I'm not sure how I got so lucky. I guess the Lord knew I would have been totally whacked out without her. (Well more whacked out than I already am.)
So I can't really say whether HotPants work as advertised or not, because I haven't been using them long enough. Their website has all kinds of testimonials from women from all walks of life who swear by HotPants. I'll have to take their word for it, at least for now. In another month or two, maybe I'll have some spectacular results of my own to share!
seeks to displace
If I don't really feel like working out, I'll be a little extra cautious about
In response to a question by PAP MP Christopher De Souza if a by-election would be called in Hougang soon, PM Lee recalled that Article 49 of the Constitution states that when a seat falls vacant, it shall be filled by election. However, the timing of the by-election is at the discretion of the prime minister.
Lara was walking down behind us and he turned to look over his shoulder. She looked like a miracle. I suppose she was a miracle. Orlando put his hand on my shoulder and left it there for a moment. He kept looking at Lara.
Now that I said I don't scrap Valentines... here is a Valentines page that I couldn't resist. LOL!!! When I first saw this collection, I immediately thought of this photo and had to scrap it. Last Valentines was also the day we celebrated Christmas with our military sons so we were unwrapping gifts and my husband let Figaro play in his tissue. I got him the bluray "RED". If you haven't seen it, its hilarious, cute, and tons of action for the guys. Great date night movie. So for my page, I loved the sticker banner "XOXO" so much that I kind of made the page around it. I used a bunch of super cute stickers for this page. The ribbon poof is an easy way to add embellishment. Just scrunch, stitch a pearl over the ribbon every inch(knot the back each time), and you have a nice trim. HERE is a little tutorial.
Our intention was to tour and perform Blueprint, however, we’ve now accepted the release of Blueprint as a sort of finale to our journey.
Ahhh, people! It had finally happened! (Just ignore the wrinkles.) Good. NESS. It took forever. But something had finally struck my fancy.
...and again the artisan who makes the most patches will get a small embroidered gift from the guild head. :)
As it is now obvious, at first “the fighting” was forbidden, then it was permitted and after that it was made obligatory- ( I ) against them who start “the fighting” against you (Muslims)… (2) and against all those who worship others along with Allah… as mentioned in SurahAIBaqaraSl (II), Allmran (III) and Tauba (IX)… and other Sarah (Chapters of the Qur’an). Allah (swt) made “the fighting’ (Jihad) obligatory for the Muslims and gave importance to the subjectmatter of Jihad in all the Sarah (Chapters of the Qur’an) which were revealed (at AlMadina) as in Allah’s Statement:
Like I told you yesterday I was a bit worried about not getting any papers in my easter present. Hubby actually bought me the entire Sun kiss collection, got it today. Flowers and everything. He is the best.
Elvis Presley then proceeds to do one of those mad dances! Hands flailing everywhere. To see him glide across the tiled toilet floor in his sparkling, white flared trousers brings a smile to my face.
But they were startled and terrified and thought that they were seeing a ghost.
Skimmed milk yogurt, whisked 1/2 cup
This post is for those, like me, who “just don’t feel like it”. I still have days when I don’t want to walk. The weather isn’t so bad here, but still, it’s easier to stay indoors.
*If you are new to this blog: my family and I are in the process of moving, but circumstances dictated that I move several months in advance of them. Each Sunday night, I commute from home to temporary living quarters, where I spend the week. We hope to be living under the same roof again by the end of the summer.
1 can tuna, drained
Lots and lots of high level action this weekend! Let’s start with Chris Solinsky. He opened eyes last year with his outdoor opener in the 100000 where he turned in a new AR becoming the first American under 27 minutes. In his indoor opener in Seattle this weekend he turned in a world leading 3:54.52 in the mile – setting a new personal best in the process. I’m loving the range – from mile to 10000 – because it indicates that he just might be able to hold on in that final sprint in the 5000/10000 come this summer!
10/31/2011 BUY 0.01 eurgbp 0.86157
- Loneliness is “extremely bad for your health.“
I have never before sat in an audience with so many first-time theater-goers, mostly teenage girls and their slightly stunned families in tow. The girl next to me was celebrating her sixteenth birthday and "just had see" Daniel Radcliffe, this revival's star attraction, "in the flesh." In some senses the freshness of the fans was a treat. And Radcliffe, a trouper already at age 22, was not about to disappoint them.
Are you a farmer, JESUS wants you to gather all the lost sheep in your nation.
Through the rain these past weeks, I saw who my real friends are and how blessed I am to have such an awesome support system!
Spanish
The original recipe was one I pulled from an old Southern Living where they take a traditional recipe and lighten it up. I am attempting to beef up my side dish skills for our upcoming (hopefully) garden bounty. I didn't have any cornflakes, so I used white cheddar cheez-its and it worked great. Don't get me wrong, this is a delicious side dish, but it is not the ooey gooey cheesy squash casserole you are used to, but it was a good alternative for a dinner side dish. You could easily add ground beef or turkey to make it a main dish casserole.
I shake like a toothache
We needn’t have rushed, let me tell you. We went into the panel thinking we were going to get some juicy tips on how to craft the perfect short story, but what we actually sat through was a bunch of short stories from the author’s life – real-life stories – that rambled across time and back again, from friends of his to his son to some couple in an emergency room… I don’t know, I didn’t follow it all that well. It was literally a bunch of rambling stories, and at one point I think I asked Ali whether our speaker was drunk or not.
I just don't like the gown Jennifer is wearing, but I understand that she's young so she might have wanted an understated or simple gown. Definitely fits with the red trend.
I think, for the most part, I lead a pretty normal - if not boring - life. So I can't imagine what could possibly be so interesting...but I wonder about that with readers here in the States. Please don't get me wrong, I LOVE that you come visit and leave me comments (which I absolutely adore). I've gained so much from these bloggy friendships - support, caring, commiseration, acknowledgement....it's awesome. But it really does baffle me.
248And wake to all the griefs I left behind.
I have calmed down little from the weekend when I was pretty upset!
Brightest Blessings
As I stated earlier, in almost every way that it is applied, political correctness is the reverse of the truth and as such it is a lie, or more accurately a set of lies. However, it now the set of lies upon which our western societies, most of our laws and all our institutions are progressively becoming based. It is what our media report to us instead of news, it is what our politicians preach to us and use to bully us with, worse than that, it is what our schools teach our children in place of the truth.
The people who run the University of Nebraska think so. Brown is still coaching there. He was not fired or suspended. Brown didn’t return my calls or emails for comment, nor did Nebraska athletic director Tom Osborne.
During this trip the radio resumes the all news reports. The newswoman repeats the not unexpected news I first heard early this morning, Japan nuclear officials are expanding the distance they now tell residents to stay from the increasing number of plants with dangerous emissions -- 10 times above the accepted limits -- water affected, but not their drinking water, some farmland and vegetables, cow's milk contaminated. In the U.S. Spokane continues to evidence "trace" amounts of radiation in milk and now that's true in California, too, but not in an amount to be of concern -- reported 5 times below the accepted limit.
Sources close to Rodriguez told the Mercury he liked new K-State head coach Bruce Weber and was excited to work with the former Illinois coach due to his history with successful point guards like Dee Brown and Deron Williams — who is a current success in the NBA with the New Jersey Nets.
Upon arriving at my inn, the first question I had was to the inn owner about this car rental transaction - the most puzzling and lackadaisical I have ever seen in my life. He said to be assured, the owner would know my whereabouts at any given moment. I asked how that was possible. He told me that Nevis was a very small place (the island nation only has a population of 12,000), and everyone knew everything. I asked how any problems would be resolved. He assured me that everything would be fine, just don't have an accident. This was not comforting at all.
3. Ladle the custard over the caramel into the ramekins filling them up to 1/4-inch from the rim. Place a kitchen towel in a deep baking dish or roasting pan and place the ramekins in 2 rows on top of the towel. Place the baking dish in the oven and using a pitcher, pour enough hot (not boiling) water into the baking dish to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins, taking care not to get water in the ramekins. Cover the baking dish tightly with aluminum foil and bake just until the flan is set, about 30-40 minutes. When you tap the edge of the ramekin the flan should still jiggle in the center.
And I just realised that I forgot to enter into Hanna and Friends who want a centre step sard. It was seeing this challenge that made me decide to do the centre step card in the first place. Duh!
program aimed at attempting
Director: Steve Previn / Writers: Fritz Eckhardt (story), Maurice Tombragel / Cast: Kerwin Mathews, Brian Aherne, Senta Berger, Peter Kraus, Fritz Eckhardt, and Kai Fischer
I never did get that interview. She wasn't kidding about being busy--she had a house and garden she tended, and a neighbor told me they had caught her on the roof patching tiles. She pulled a plain red wagon behind her when she walked the half-mile to the grocery store, and she picked up goods for a number of her much younger but more decrepit friends on the block. She recycled and scoured vacant lots for cans and bottles. I guess I've always thought of her as a sort of icon for that bicentennial.
In the winter, tv is on more because my husband is laid off for the winter and he likes to watch it. But, I have noticed that it consumes a lot of our day and we don't do or get done the things we would like to. In the summer, the tv only comes on at night.
Physical Health
Then came rain to grow vegetation in the desert land of les albos
Not only do trips help increase self-esteem and bring a group closer together, but research shows that trips help kids learn self-efficacy, or the concept that we can control our own functioning, and the events that affect our lives. Check out this link for an excellent article on this concept.
In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings,
…and who’s true and who’s got what.
I did have something happen on Friday that brighten me up - there was a package in the mail from the lovely Nia in Portugal.
Mali’s transitional “government of national unity” is taking shape. Yesterday, interim Prime Minister Cheick Modibo Diarra, who was appointed April 17, formed a cabinet comprising 24 members. The new government serves under interim President Dioncounda Traore. Traore was formerly president of the National Assembly under ousted President Amadou Toumani Toure, who lost power in the March 21 coup.
Of course, he could also be a serial killer. In any case, make sure that the door’s unlocked and be prepared to run.
Kid, watch it. Don’t be too
We are on holiday with her family and her in laws.
Never
for time…
And that makes me happy. For it says that no matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me, there’s something stronger – something better, pushing right back.” Albert Camus
He said strict measures to prevent unnecessary snooping were important because the issue of human rights and upholding of the law had to be taken into account.
Right now, the polls indicate that a whole lot of the people are being fooled a whole lot of the time.
Here are a few pins that I've added to my Pinterest boards that I'd like to share with you. Just a few ideas on how to reduce, reuse, and recycle:
45 seconds!
The combination of this flattening effect and the distrust of authority creates the ugly equality of the internet. Ugly because it is flattens what ought to be textured, as if two dimensions were superior to three, or as if sheer volume can replace subtlety, or as if the opinion of the masses determines what is right. It is ugly because a mob is always ugly. But it is also ugly equality because it is disingenuous—there are real authorities in our lives, which must be honored and often obeyed. And especially in a theological context, there is a final Authority Who will be obeyed and honored with or without our permission. Thus, the freedom presented by the online environment is unreal and deceptive. It is a freedom most decidedly expressed in a direction away from God. It is a profoundly rebellious environment.
Britain's The Guardian newspaper reported that Lady Tonge told the party leadership that she could not accept the ultimatum from the deputy prime minister because she stood by her remarks.
But I'm glad I didn't. The spicy pork quesadilla I had with this beer made it a little difficult to fully gather in all Kaleidoscope's flavors, but there were plenty of roasty flavors from the dark malts, a light spiciness that seemed like anise and some subtle aromatic quality I couldn't put my finger on, and a noticeable but well balanced grassy and earthy hop finish. It was one of the most unique, indescribable and most importantly, tasty brews I've ever had. And only 5% abv, it was arguably sessionable.
The studio got cleaned up and moved around a bit, now there is no place for Talor to destroy. She keeps coming in trying to find something to knock over or climb on. Nothing. Except for the plant. lol But she has learned fast not to jump up to it.
The girls and I haven’t seen Carlo, Ramon and Keith since they are all no longer with Earthling or otherwise missing in action from the gay bar scene.
Dylan: Song: I have listened to it almost everyday since i dl it, but i gotta go with any song from the new Hold Tight! album, ESPECIALLY Virginia is Beautiful, Wish You Were Here
Pittsburgh Pirates (10-14) at St. Louis Cardinals (16-8)
Big Hugs,
You see, dear Summer School, in college I took my summer-school-free summers for granted. I spent a summer nannying, the next summer studying abroad in Europe, the next summer in Santa Cruz, California, and then last summer working a little and vacationing a lot. I always felt a little smug when people would talk about you and how they'd be spending their whole summer with you. I could hear the dread in their voices when they talked about you and see the crestfallen look on their faces as they would tell me about beach trips they had to miss and homework they had to finish. I thought I was so lucky that I got to completely avoid getting to know you, seeing as how you weren't exactly everybody's favorite.
Although killing seals was a part of their culture, I was very interested to see how unlucky they regarded the practice and many of the tales told to Thomson relate how things went badly for those who did, especially those who killed a pup. They, unlike most mythological sea creatures, are generally regarded as gentle, magical and often benevolent. Or at least in the old days they were. Now all that remain are the stories.
The weather forecast was for very warm weather in the upper 70's. The wind was predicted to be light at 5-6 Knots. At least, the direction was given as from the NW. Maybe this will finally give us a race with a long beat!
“I have heard for myself from former workers and their families how much distress this situation is causing.
With the standards in the short sprints falling rapidly, and bronze medals going to what would have been gold medal times just a few years ago, perhaps it will be the search for gold that sends some sprinters to the 400 and not injuries as in the past. After all, you have to be able to run 9.8 low and 19.8 low under pressure now to get close to the podium!
Next week Lynn will provide the questions. It is raining today in London so I’m think this will be a great day to snuggle on the couch and read part four.
To make sure that he got the point of their dislike, they did not provide him with a bed when they exiled him to the garage. That’s where I come in and the gun comes in.
This morning Princess found the doctor kit, and asked if I would be her patient.
Dear Fashion Friends,
It may not be enough for me to live on and I may not even be very good at it but I will do as I do with everything and do my very best. Mostly because I care about my friend and want to do a good job whatever I do.
Tara (aka Craftilicious) x
I love to buy beer almost as much as I enjoy drinking it. The thing I hate about beer is that once it's gone, it's gone. To help ease the withdrawals of missing my favorite beer, I try to buy additional bottles (or cases) before they go into hibernation. Nothing hits that spot like a nice Oktoberfest Marzen in June.
The chapter of the book I found most fascinating describes a foolproof test for female virginity, no doubt perfected after months of clinical trials. According to Doctor Magnus, a woman whose purity is in doubt should be forced to sniff a lettuce. If her flesh has been corrupted by man (or some other agent of defilement), she will then pass water. It was state-of-the-art science in its day, although one has to pity the innocent maids who gave false positives because they’d drunk a flagon of prune juice before inhaling the salad fumes.
The key point being missed here is that – while New Democracy has cooperated with the Troika – its leadership is known to have major doubts about the austerity plan. New Democracy leader Antonis Samaras is widely distrusted in Brussels for this very reason; and as The Slog predicted over a fortnight ago, PASOK leader Venizelos has been leading calls for a compromise PM….unelected. Venizelos knows he’s going to be the big loser on May 6th, but being in the Troika’s pocket, he hopes to convince ND – and the voters – that an anti-Troika majority would be bad news. I wrote at the time:
in other news, i think people have forgotten the immense amount of fuck i don't give when it comes to unsolicited opinions. then again, being the blunt person that i am, i can always appreciate honesty in other people’s feedback. that said, please allow me to respond to those who have disapproved of my floral denim and wedge sneaker obsession. ahem. dear those people, i don’t care. love always, mayra. smiley face.
Red State just had to follow suit and get on the pathetic bandwagon without knowing the facts, along with Geller. But at the least the major premise of this blogger's argument was made on policy. His assumption is dead wrong, but the mention of the award was an afterthought.
and stabs
A good idea poorly executed.
So, rather than just look at how legislation can be stopped, ask yourself: Where do we go from here? Don’t limit your opinion to what’s the wrong thing to do, ask yourself what’s right. Already, many of members of Congress are asking for public input around the issue. We are paying close attention to those opportunities, as well as to public input to the Administration. The organizer of this petition and a random sample of the signers will be invited to a conference call to discuss this issue further with Administration officials and soon after that, we will host an online event to get more input and answer your questions. Details on that will follow in the coming days.
What do you think of that?
“I-“ Addison was going to say something but her eyes rolled back in her head and her body slumped forward. Zak caught her in his arms as she fell, shaking his head as he let out an annoyed sigh. He quickly slung her over his shoulder and carried her away from the cathedral.
Yet we know that even in these moments - perhaps especially in these moments - you are with us. Comforting us through the community that surrounds us, and through the presence of your Holy Spirit.
Keith rubbed the back of his neck, laughed nervously, looking around for allies. The girls both studied their plates. “I’m feeling pretty stuffed, thanks.”
And that is it a basic Mist made and ready for you to use
He wanted it in bright ,retro colours to wear for a fancy dress event. As he offered to buy the yarn I couldn't really say no.
Secondly, and related to the first, I want to introduce you to a new poster I’ve created for the first book of MYTH:
To Kendra, Lila and Mitzi, the doors all looked the same at the entrance to the hallway, until they passed each one and saw the various, schedules, notices, magazine articles and bumper stickers that were posted on them. They were all of a distinctively progressive bent, which comforted them.
~Sitting in your own filth generally isn't cool but baths aren't so bad just as long as you tell yourself that you can take a shower when you're done to get clean.
Now I'm not scared,and better yet I have no doubt. For once in my life I feel safe and secure. Who knows where this may lead us down the road, but I'm excited to see where we end up.
Vaughan TL, Daling JR, Starzyk PM. Fetal death and maternal occupation: An analysis of birth records in the state of Washington. J Occup Med 1984; 26: 676-678.
they're always working against each other."
WASHINGTON, DC – The Social Security Administration last month told its disability-claims judges they are no longer to seek out information from websites when deciding cases — taking away a tool some of those judges say would help in uncovering fraud.
I adored their take on Snow White, broke her out of the mold and gave her a “you go girl” spunk.
Is there anyone Maddie can turn to for advice? Her sister has terrible taste in boyfriends, so she's out. Roxanne, the charismatic reality TV show producer, has some interesting opinions, but may be more interested in ratings. Maddie's best friend keeps pushing her cousin Hudson, a guy who thinks he's too cool for entry-level jobs, but makes origami. Come on. Origami?
This will always be a mystery to me.
So the copy I currently own is SUPER COOL AND RARE and doesn't even have a dedication in place yet. I haven't read it yet, as I intend to do a bit more catching up on the SVH series and will save it until I run out of old books to read and review. It's going to be AMAZING.
3. if i haven't heard by noon, i'm calling the doc.
You wake us up withkisses each morning.
4.Serbia 155
As Saturday approached, though, Jessica started getting increasingly jittery.
I would like to start by asking you to tell us a little about your new book, Sullivan’s Secret. I’ve read this book (and I don’t read many fiction books, LOL) and it kept my interest throughout—that’s REALLY unusual for me! What’s the story? And don’t give away that amazing plot!
