I was there early and so was she,
Our challenge is to rip or distress your paper. So get out your distressing tools or go getting ripping!
It’s free free free freedom
Description of HTC One X without mentioning its exciting camera would be incomplete. The 8Mp camera allows you to experiment with a variety of shades and light. Also, the clicks are noise free with f2.0 on this phone.
Andy Vaughn on August 23rd, 2007
We are aiming for 3 out of five stars, which should be easily achievable using a few simple tricks and tools. If your data is already available on the web in a spreadsheet, you have achieved the first star. The second star can be reached by saving as Comma Separated Values. We will go one step further for three stars and provide our data in an open format using Google Docs; the export to web function can publish as CSV, Atom, and with a little ingenuity JSON which the developers will love because it is very easy to work with.
In The Western World / Jungle Lore / Coming Back / Western World Reprise
02.Cascade
And some more home decorating.
Bee bite swollen pollinating frame of hippopotamus ethereal spring
You can’t see in this pic, but there’s no hood, no t-tops and lots of body work to be done….. but great looking rims and new meat (tires)…it was running a bit rough but still sounded good!!!
And now please remember what I say today
As a child and up to now, lentils have been one of my favorite beany legumes! There are two traditional Lebanese lentil dishes that Mom made quite often, and that I devoured… 1) Mjaddara : a lentil and rice mash that is better than chocolate fudge; and 2) Shawrabit Adas: ‘Lentil Soup’ with Swiss Chard and Cumin.
On each item, she wrote a cute little note:
Crumb crust:
Hello! Today I have a bright happy card to share that uses washi tape! I do love washi tape but will admit I basically collect and hoard it. I am taking the Studio Calico Washi Workshop in June so hopefully I will learn some awesome ways to use it. In the mean time...I cut out this heart covered in wood grain washi tape awhile back and it has been moving around my desk ever since. So I decided I had stared at it long enough and I needed to make something with it. Here is what I created!
Shower gel left out, random hairs in the bath, black rotten mould on the shower curtain, tooth paste lid not closed, jacket left on the front room floor, piles of shoes just where they have been taken off. What could possibly get to me in this? I don’t know what to to do to make it any different.
( I wonder how I can communicate effectively)
The other day on a blog post, someone used the term "shopping" in their own home, so I went "shopping" and stole the blue bottle from the bathroom.
NOTE: Be careful not to bake these too long or they will get dry! Also, these are not sweet dessert type bars and are enjoyed best for breakfast/snacks.
Most geographic references in condo marketing are associative — a young neighbourhood is positioned in relation to an established city. Think New York comes to Yaletown, or Yaletown comes to Surrey. In all cases, the “better” city is brought down to promote the emerging one. (For those dreaming of Surrey-style lofts in Point Grey, keep dreaming.)
But maybe look around you at the friend who's trying to conceive or the acquaintance who's mom passed away this year and show that person a little love too.
There is nothing About Sharktopus that displeases me. From the wonderfully joyous title theme music to the man, the icon Eric Roberts, from the early morning drinking, sea faring radio DJ (who became my new hero) and his bikini clad assistant to the folk dancing, fire brandishing display team. It was a joy from start to finish. But most importantly it’s about a ruddy shark/octopus hybrid for flip’s sake, I really don’t need to say anything more than that.
When I think about it, letting go of my resentfulness and embracing joy is the least I can do during this time when we’re reflecting on the great sacrifice of our Lord and the joy he was preparing to deliver.
Often in the energy industry you may be working off a form model contract agreement. For instance these are in use in the North Sea (CRINE contracts). Generally these are focused on managing risks between owners, operators and service companies. But has your compliance group weighed in with this form of agreement’s implications under both the FCPA and Bribery Act? Similarly, in the post-Macondo world, the areas of legal risk are more carefully scrutinized but what about the vendor or sub-vendor that you are required to use; can you manage this risk through an indemnity with the party which required your company to retain such a vendor? Lastly, how robust is your indemnity agreement with regard to compliance? Did you consider such a clause in your agreement? If you are the Contractor, did you give an unlimited indemnity and what are the potential financial implications if a FCPA violation is alleged or an investigation ensues?
If your child or friend answers yes, I bet you asking yourself then what? There are many suicide prevention websites, if you can’t find one in your area, go to the National Suicide Prevention Website they will be happy to help you find help in your area.
- its complete set without any faded/missing/broken parts
I think this was a pretty creative endeavor, bringing together three girls named Elizabeth from three very different backgrounds and tossing them together to find their way through the decadence and dangers of Charles II's court. All three girls end up as maids to Catherine, Charles's queen, and form a friendship with the awkward and homesick lady, and with each other. Each of the girls has very distinct personalities and their passions allow Sullivan to delve into some rich historical detail from the time period, including the growing popularity of the theater, the pursuit of scientific knowledge, and the courtly games of romance, sex, and adventure. The treatment is on the lighter side, with the girls giggling over shared secrets, soothing each other's hurt feelings, and drawing strength from one another to defy the conventions that bind them. At its heart it's really a coming-of-age story of friendship.
So I took the way forward, because it was the only logical path to take, and it was the usual way home. Both directions, both my side and the opposing side, were crawling. Half way up the road, having seen the havoc caused by the accidents and even if not the incidents themselves, but only the long queues and the long faces, I was wondering – had they not heard the news? Knowing what awaits the opposing traffic, all I wanted to do was to say to them “Stop! Go back. It’s not worth it. Whichever way you turn at the end, disaster awaits. Continuing down this path will bring painful misery and frustration. Turn around!”
Sgt Ian Hughes, of Shoebury police, said: “The whole reason for the operation is the Chinese takeaway, in particular, has been targeted for antisocial behaviour. “Yobs have been going into the shop, opening doors and shouting abusive names. “But we’ve got some names of lads – people we are going to look up.” Did you misspell ‘lock up’?
Now, the truth is that when we read articles, posts, books, whatever, using various terms, expressing some set of idea or concept, we can end up being confused, especially since not all are holding to the same terms or understandings. Some of the terms do remind to much about each other, which can give a good portion of confusion as well. Take for example ‘Islamist’ and ‘Islamic,’ or the terms ‘fundamentalism’ and ‘radicalism.’ As you might have noted I didn’t talk about Islamic ‘fundamentalism,’ but rather about Islamic ‘radicalism.’ I personally see a big difference int he two.
New York didn’t play their style of hockey in the first round and the Capitals finally learned how to play defense in the playoffs. Holtby was a great revelation and Lundquist played spectacular. I am becoming more convinced that defense is going to win the cup this year, so the team who is inherently comfortable playing defense should win this won. Rangers in 6.
All so bizarre and sad and funny in the way that LA must be.
So what are you supposed to do then? In simplest terms, just start doing something. There are literally dozens of ways to improve your health. Better choices, more activity, more sleep; all good ideas. Drink more water, cook your own meals, watch less TV; more good ideas.
OK, so onto my card!
So, what you're saying is that I should've bought a hammock in the Outer Banks?
a bit more, if not, I'm quite sure you'll like
Reference is made to your letter of 8 June 1959 relative to obtaining mounted gross specimens and microscopic slides.
What about your kitchen, do you have any gadgets in there that you have not used since you got them? Some of us acquire kitchen gadgets because we think it will make us a better cook.
Albert Brooks, Drive
We’ll be honest with you, while the PS Vita’s brand new touchscreen interface is well laid out and very easy to use, we think it looks just a tiny bit naff.
(e) at least once a week publishes 1) blog entry with two or more grammatical or spelling errors, or 2) lame, phoned-in entry due to pressure to publish
Midnight Run (George Gallo)
The Pixies
Planning for the Brooklyn Waterfront Greenway is made possible by the New York State Department of State with funds provided under Title 11 of the Environmental Protection Fund sponsored by the Office of the Brooklyn Borough President.
Where you said throw ourselves to the river
Most didn’t even have that hope—those planners, architects, and engineers were so sure of the safety of the craft that they didn’t think it necessary (and the British government didn’t require them) to provide enough lifeboats to match the number of passengers and crew. The twenty lifeboats on board only had a capacity of 1,178, and most weren’t even full of passengers when launched after the collision with the iceberg.
~Please include your stamping resume, if you have one.
1.The Silurians return after a 26 year absence, having last appeared in the classic story Warriors of the Deep.
Skin: Glam Affair – Leah Grey (Wear grey for a day special)
These demands cannot be won by the current leaders, but can be when we take back and rebuild rank and file workers democracy. The fight to defend the working class from the bosses’ class war requires that labor must clean its own house! Drive out the functionaries, imperialists, corporatists, and class collaborators! Then we can remake our unions into a militant organizing force in the fight for the historic interest of the working class!
And finally, since the screen was set up up, I even printed the letters over the work I'd done earlier in the day, just to see how it looked.
Chop the vegetables to small even pieces and mix through the wheat.
There is another part of the plot where Ricardo and Chico, his father’s second-in-command, impersonate Spanish officials to avoid getting in trouble. Basically, the movie is pretty silly and I felt that they took some aspects from Zorro which is okay, just a little uncreative. I did enjoy the songs though and there’s a really great dance sequence with Ricardo Montalban, Cyd Charisse, and Ann Miller but overall, I don’t think it’s a movie to watch again.
In addition to the necklaces, tea hats, and charm bracelets, the girls were also able to bring home a tea pot frame craft kit. This is a simple and mess-free craft that uses tea cup, heart and star foam stickers to decorate the tea pot-shaped frame.
Personality: Selfless, intelligent
Youth brings many writers out of the woodwork. Penning what they believe is simply the best and most original pieces in existence. At this point you are so inexperienced and delusional that you are certain it will only take dropping your piece on a teacher’s desk and you will soon be in the ranks of Anne Rice or J.K Rowling. I don’t think any of the youth know or at least respect Hemingway, so I didn’t use him as an example.
What is it about a Monday that makes me feel like I can do anything? I wake up, feeling I am prepared to tackle something major-yet undefined.
"Got no coal to heat the shack"
and just throw our trash in there?
I called a local friend who whizzed round and drove me half a mile up the road the A&E at Furness General Hospital. I staggered to the reception desk and hugged it close to keep me upright. As they took my name a wheelchair appeared behind me. In the waiting room I struggled to stay upright in the chair; I needed to be horizontal.
Including the Xtreme 19th Hole, to which we had to take a helicopter! Yes, it's true. The girl that hates rollercoasters and isn't the biggest fan of flying went in a helicopter! And it was a crazy ride back down...check back for the full video!
Thank you, Travelers, for your outstanding assistance in helping me forget my blogging woes with your new auto insurance quote. Having settled in down here, it was time to address the auto insurance policy, a necessary evil. Here are the key factors contributing to my request for a new quote yesterday:
It's extraordinary that the Obama Administration still places its faith in WTO and NAFTA agreements that are nearly bereft of protections for workers and are beating us into the ground by importing junk and exporting jobs.
I typically think of sanctification as something that happens on a spiritual level. Here, though, we’re praying for the sanctification of our body and mind. We can sin through what we do, and when we do something sinful, we use our bodies. But isn’t the soul the motivating force of the body? Our thoughts are products of the mind, but don’t they originate in the soul?
Although Coke tackled consumer behavior issues by the book; ranging from advertisements emphasizing family relations, to continuous market promotions, to mega-marketing, to an awe-inspiring distribution and physical access network; it has failed to gain more than a 22% market share.
- Support Living Local: Organize a group which reviews new neighbourhood plans, and other area plans, to ensure the land use plans provide opportunities to play, gather with neighbours, shop, attend school and perhaps work close to home. Work with the Board on recreation facility planning and school closures as needed.
If you are interested in purchasing this book, please consider supporting The Book Buff by purchasing from the following Amazon link. Thank you.
This is seriously a big thing for me, even if for others it may seem small.
A Wind at My Back Christmas ... BYU ... 8 PM
here's a video from those early days....(13months and we happen to be at Whole Foods).
Today, I'm going to share my method of digi stamping in white. I'll also be sharing my ways of altering the colour of digital papers.
Every house had a small, white, enameled pot which was politely referred to as the 'chamber pot' but which we children dubbed the' pee can'. This perhaps explains why I have never been fond of pecan pies as I assumed the ingredients came from the chamber pot. Evey morning one of us would be told to take care of the contents. This involved carrying the nearly full vessel slowly, so as not to have it slosh upon our feet, to the out house where it would be dumped. Then we would take it to the creek for a quick scouring and leave it in a sunny spot as we were told the sun would sterilize it. I loathed this chore.
You’re much better than that
Certainly this has proved true for Entrepreneur Chick, as I actually started all my positive cash flow now simply from the ability to dance well, which I then leveraged into many other opportunities- and I believe it is especially true for Susan. (The Pollinatrix. "The Whole Blooming World.")
There are some ads on TV that drive me mental to such an extent that I have come to feel somewhat violated by sheer ridiculousness. I thought I was alone in despising truly terrible ads. How wrong I was. Today I bought a newspaper for the first time in…well a long time. I picked up a copy of the Herald and can you imagine my orgasmic delight to find Michael Cullen writing about all those things that mean the world to me. I almost felt I had to hide from view my copy of the paper due to the fact that its value had suddenly sky rocketed. Eyeing everybody like a trapped lioness, I was ready to pounce should anybody even consider looking at MY paper. OK! That’s taking things a bit far, fair enough. Mr. Cullen, also editor of a well known marketing magazine, said what I had been thinking for just about my entire life. I’m not going to quote him because I haven’t got the Herald here beside me (it’s in the safe!) but his point was that companies shouldn’t waste time making up stories, or trying to tell the viewer too much information. Essentially, they should pare down their idea, and give it to the audience. Spot on. Did I mention that I’m a huge fan of allusion?
The plan worked as the most people we saw all day were finishing the loop down Bell and by the time we got up into the open wash towards the top, fewer and fewer people were seen. From the top of the wash we hiked up and over a ridge following an atv trail that brings you into the top of Little Wild Horse.
Purse- Shoe Dazzle
groups: rock, jazz, classical and folk. The players on Flarf Orchestra
The above definition best applies to my absence from the blogasphere and online presence in general. If you’ve been following me for awhile, you’ll be familiar with my trials and tribulations of which I’ve no need or desire to recount. Suffice it to say “ my cup runneth over…” , with what, I’ll leave to your very capable imaginations.
“Are you single?”
I had taken some photos to show you, but as luck would have it, my phone died today. Just imagine a big buzzing ball dripping from a branch. If you do want to see a photo of a swarm, google images has lots.
I have found a very good contender.
3/4 cup brown sugar (you could also try 1/2 cup and sub in a few packets of stevia)
Works closely with DMS Team Lead and SME to ensure effective delivery of services to client.
was a lie. I know that my success in recent years is due in no small way to the wisdom of Aristotle and that for most of these past few years I have been closer to eudaimonia as a direct result. Reason was strong, passion was kept in check, but somehow it slipped its bonds for just an instant and while loose wreaked havoc in my life. In the end, this foray into insanity marks the last time reason lets passion call the shots. The risk is too great; its defense is unwarranted, unnecessary and ineffective. The passions are there to make life worth living, but they cannot be counted on to look after my best interests. Aristotle tried to tell me that 2,500 years ago. I am listening.
And as I became increasingly tired, so I tried even harder to “solve” this mystery illness – analysing aspects of my life, looking for traumatic episodes, searching for patterns. Far from helping me, this activity helped to embed the pathways that were assisting in my decline.
I'm hosting a free sew-along for quilter's that are making this quilt. It's a forum to help motivate, exchange tips/ideas and share your pictures and progress. You can find easy assembly tips/tutorials each month by clicking HERE.
Winston is going to be a big boy, he is most likely a Grayhound German Shephard mix. He is so sweet.
The world then gets orbital crystal lasered to death. The animals survive though, so that’s all ok.
*I'm sorry to report, the mixture I used turned the leaves brown... I used 2 tablespoons of soap, that could be the reason. Oh well, now it's raining, it might wash things off and make them green again!
Design and Rhetorical Analysis:
This dense, moist deciduas National Park is India’s first sanctuary to come under Project Tiger initiative to protect the endangered species of Bengal Tigers .Despite of the intense efforts to save tigers, hunting continues to decrease their number .The project E eye will facilitate more effective surveillance of the park and protection to tigers.
19. Organ Man - G-Spot
We finished off the night with a proper dose of Wishes….
But oh, the comments people have made over the past few years. "Have you taken him to a doctor?" Duh. What do you think, dumb***? Do I strike you as the type of person to, say, deny insulin to a child with diabetes? "Did you nurse him for a long time?" Um. Why do you ask? Is this part of the popular mythology where you came from, that kids who are nursed for a long time turn out quirky? "Did you have him vaccinated? You know, those vaccinations cause autism."
Some of the recipes I'm looking forward to making are:
Personal Goals:
And here I am...2:00am still awake. Pretty much tired but feel like I can't sleep or don't want to and I'm not quite sure why. I only feel completely at ease when he is here. I'm so stressed out about finding a job and worried that I'm going to run out of money before I do....:( I'm already living off my grandparents funeral fund, my mother is paying my internet bill...I feel like a loser. I'm praying that I get a job. The only interview I had was for a job that would only give me $7.25 to drive 30 minutes one way...I can't accept that if they offered! I wouldn't even make enough to cover my gas money, especially since they didn't know if they could even give me even one day per week.
my most favorite day of the week,
F3 has been trickster and holy grail; a young female just entering her reproductive years, an essentially elusive creature, and – by way of coincidence or by way of the chaos-inducing powers attributed to her species by cultures worldwide – a vortex around which comical and aggravating circumstances seem to swirl.
"Behold, children are a heritage from the LORD, the fruit of the womb a reward..."
Here’s hoping that they show a vampy based spoiler next week ….. preferably after Thursdays season 4 rerun but until then vamp fans I leave you with a picture of Eric and my hope for a return of the dark, emotion hiding, viking vampire from earlier seasons…..
Yes. Let’s meet. Russell replied. The response was swift, within five minutes!
Spelling Skills 4 & 5
People would be talking about them at least 'till next October.
I’ll never, ever forget the amazing site of the top of our son’s dark-hair covered head! He was RIGHT there! It was thrilling. He was almost out and I was giving every bit of energy I had to these final pushes. I looked up at the ceiling and was fading in and out of consciousness. The nurse put an oxygen mask on me and then it became a total scene out of ER for a couple minutes: I was trying with all my might to pop this kid out but he was stuck- his little arm was near his head and not allowing his
I know...you're thinking there's a catch. "The skateboard had an engine", "I had a very slow bike", "I don't know how to ride".
Yet despite his pro-gay stance, 28 years later, Spitzer released a study that asserted change in one’s sexual orientation was possible. His 2001 paper, “Can Some Gay Men and Lesbians Change Their Orientation?” was met with criticism from the start. The flaws were obvious: both the media and his peers blasted the study charging that Spitzer misrepresented his research and distorted his findings. The APA denounced the study at their annual meeting and noted the research was based on a scientifically insignificant sample of 200, the study was not submitted for peer review – a fundamental prerequisite for the credibility of any study – and Spitzer interviewed his subjects by telephone for 45 minutes, hardly a basis for reliable data. Additionally the 200 “ex-gays” Spitzer reported on were recruited from Exodus and other ex-gay and reparative therapy groups — the very groups that had a vested interest in proving ex-gay therapy could work.
Apple’s most bitter rival in Samsung has introduced a new teaser video ahead of the launch of its new Galaxy S III, and it subtly refers to iPhone users as being like sheep.
Roberts frequently had suggested that boosters exercise too much power in college athletics, that they exploit athletes to massage their own egos or to advance agendas that contradict the goal of higher education. But for the lacrosse team, a different standard seemed to apply. Its 100 percent graduation rate, heavy representation on the conference academic honor roll, and many good jobs upon graduation could be construed by Roberts as a bad thing.
After wrapping up touring duties for 'Ignore The Ignorant' with a triumphant Main Stage appearance at the Reading Festival, the band went their separate ways - Ryan collaborating with old compatriot Edwyn Collins, and then later turning producer for the Comet Gain album ‘The Howl Of The Lonely Crowd’. Gary meanwhile returned to Portland, and collaborated with ex-Grandaddy guitarist Jim Fairchild on his All Smiles project, and Ross home to Wakefield to undergo some spinal surgery and attendant rehabilitation. It was around this time that Johnny left the band, to work on his own solo project under The Healers name.
Suicide Advisory: You have two Marines. Point a gun at either one of them.
With decisions being made by the Council of Ministers, it has already turned the British Constitution on its head, by allowing ministers - supposed 'servants' if one knows Latin these days - to dictate to Parliament. Now, even if a British minister votes against a proposal in the Council, he cannot put it out to pasture. Instead, the British Parliament would have to enact laws made by foreign ministers, unelected by the British public which were not supported by the British representative.
The procedure authorities say was botched resulted in the murder case against Riley and three of the 11 murder charges against Brigham, prosecutors told the Cecil Whig in Elkton, Md. The other charges against Brigham relate to four other illegal abortions he performed there, prosecutors added.
This is the very first sentence and scripture!
- 1 Tblsp. Olive Oil
But anyway, here's what I created over the weekend.
“Why? I’m paid for the whole night” she said lazily.
Fortunately, the slugs were on hand to disabuse me of that notion by chomping half of the baby lettuces I’d planted out the day before.
Further evidence of this influence, was sadly evident amongst a number of the victims appearing in the documentary, who, although they were filmed in shadow, were clearly mostly white girls. These young women, whilst describing what was done to them, referred to other abusive events and relationships, which fell just short of rape, as if they were a natural and expected feature of the female interaction with the male.
The nest box side -
7am wake up
Referism is a political philosophy which states that, in the relationship between the British people and their governments, the people should be in control. The state is the servant not the master. Control is primarily achieved by submitting annual state budgets to the people for approval, via referendums. The catchphrase is: "it's our money and we decide". Governments are thereby forced to refer to the people for their funding, hence the term "referism".
Bethany taught us all how to make fabric flowers that we hot-glued on the yarn wreath. Unfortunately we were so busy crafting, that we forgot to take pictures, but here is how mine turned out!
Back in the Camp at the boarding house Pandora, its recently instated new proprietor, found a trio of new faces arriving with fresh introductions in store. Ruan Endean had the look of a hard-bitten soldier and had served as a drummer for a time, moving from outfit to outfit in various military deployments; when the opportunity came, he spoke of being taken in under Gregor’s tutelage–not unlike Pandora herself, it seemed. Now Ruan and his counterparts had arrived with the same-such mentor and been instructed to seek out the drow herself.
I am VERY honest with my daughter about her Reactive Attachment Disorder, as well as her Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. She is almost eighteen, and we don’t have the luxury of time to candy coat her stuff. We call it as it is, and why it is. I use the example of if you had a broken leg..would people expect you to run, would it make you stupid or bad, because your LEG was broken? So if parts of your brain have been broken, hurt and damaged…how does that make YOU BAD?.. NO WAY~!!!
Bear with me for a moment. Lets take this same scenario and place it into a different location.
I was worried that perhaps I’d chosen some favorites too quickly but it seems others have as well.
Tortuga: I really love my mom.
Level 1, 7 Randle St, Surry Hills, NSW 2010
Stretch marks? nope
Also for Page Stat's
Just like back in Knoxville, discharging a firearm (except at a range or to bust a cap in a bad guy) is prohibited in the city limits of Indianapolis, but there's no ordinance against ordnance out in the county, which is weird, because Indy and Marion County supposedly fused into this "Unigov" thing years ago...
The past couple of weeks I have been posting for this mem but I haven't actually joined in. I hope to visit a couple of blogs this week and comment.
AF-S NIKKOR 50mm f/1.8G
Since one of the purposes of this blog is to keep a record of our lives, I need to take a sec and brag about my flawless husband! Ohhhh... I seriously love being married SO much! Now, I know I know he's wicked hot, every gay guy in my cast tells me so everyday at rehearsal, but he is also seriously perfect in every other way too. It's oh-so cliche, but I am for realzzz the luckiest girl in the world! Here's why...As I have been super crazy pants and have had zero time to do anything besides drive and dance and drive and sleep, Easton has been the most loving and supportive dude I could ever imagine and more. Just to name a few of the things he has done for me these past couple weeks...
The beneficial practice of positive eugenics in humans – so long as it is not mandatory – is using gene-mapping and genetic information to predict the appearance of any children (gender, eye color, hair color, etc.). Hitler used this to create his Aryan superhuman, but the reason it is objectionable is because it was mandatory and used for political purposes and ethnic cleansing.
When Alabama fans last saw Brad McCoy, he was escorting son Colt out of the Rose Bowl locker room following half time at the BCS title game. Colt obviously didn’t play the second half against Bama and his dad caught a bit of flak about it.
The Gate would only save Dagdan half a minute, but the sooner she was out there and knew what was going on the better. The Warding of the Stable Rods pressed against the passage she'd tunnelled through her mind, a tingling sensation like pins and needles of the face. Van Raighan's calm hadn't shifted, so she forced her adrenalin rush down. Nothing she could do until relief arrived.
It was a difficult decision knowing that I would be putting money out there that we don't have...I think most of ya'll know My hubby is in school and we have been living off our savings for almost a year now. My business helped with the expenses and that was a HUGE blessing :) and I am THRILLED with the way it is coming out!
Speaking of my Dad. I have been writing him letters, in handwriting for the last couple weeks. I finally just got sick of telling him all the stuff I already told my mom on the phone. It is really frustrating to relay the same information. That and he really does not like the phone anyway, so I am killing 2 birds with one stone.
My thumbs ache just thinking about how much I would play these if I had them at my finger tips. The Score ran the bracket through Twitter, which is cost effective but short-lived. I would love to see this as an interactive voting bracket that could live forever. I feel like this could be the premise of an entire dating site. Your choices tell so much about you and there is so much to be said for each game.
Hey, y'all, I just wanted to give you an idea of what's coming up this week.
We were sat by the rink edge--which just happened to be the Top Rank dance floor--the music was booming, the lighting subdued and split with stabs of multicoloured falshes of disco lighting, laughter and shrieks was everywhere. The sound of hundreds rolling wheels on a wooden floor rumbled above it all. It was fantastic. As we were tying up our skates a small group of girls ambled by and one in particular caught my eye. I nudged Alun, 'Look at her, she's gorgeous!' I said. He looked up and asked which one. I pointed her out, and he smirked and said, 'I know here, she goes to my school.' Now I can't recall if he offered to go speak to her or just went of his own accord? Either way he went and spoke to her, and in a few minutes returned, smiling. He told me her name and that, to my amazement, she too liked the look of me.
In any case, I hope you find these various approaches to character as interesting and useful as I have. Special thanks again to Nicola Morgan for her post.
I love love love love LOVE Betsey Johnson. The first time I discovered her brand was when I made a trip to the Lenox mall near Atlanta with my good friend Steven and found her boutique. A hot pink store with endless frills and sexy rockabilly chicks as cashiers? Sounds like my kind of place!! I remember after that visit I couldn't stop thinking about it. I even told my mom about my love of Betsey Johnson while we were makeup shopping one weekend only to find out that she wore Betsey Johnson when she was my age (before it was a boutique or a "high-fashion" brand, it was just sold in certain alternative shops). I guess Betseyville love runs in the family.
The sun will soon be shining
...It's wrong that death is a loss. It's something you gain. Death is always there, whispering in your ear. In your memories. In everything you think and say and feel and wish. --Pg. 18-19 of "Slide" by Jill Hathaway
Transport Minister Denis Lebel hands $225,000 to the Gatineau, Que., hot-air balloon festival as part of an effort to “raise the visibility of Canada’s attractions on the international stage.”
Shield – Hero removes the Staff
conversation with Kareena about the song. She too is keen on doing it. We would
I have not been at all regular recently.
so many different things...
The Ohio towns of Catawba, Sycamore, Magnolia and Hemlock are obviously named for trees.
4.dregs
Other things can happen to the trainees than insult of religious custom. Trainees can even die in the National Service camps.
Dress Code: Spring and Summer of 2012. After reading this bulletin, please sign your name, indicating that you have been covered and you will comply with the following rules:
Thank you all so much for your sweet and supportive comments regarding our move, we are so happy! I need your help though, I would appreciate any good advice you can give me on picking out a kitchen, adding on, creating built in bookcases etc, if you have any great sites or places that I can visit I would sure appreciate your help. I am going to try and document every step on here of our renovation, this is going to be fun!! We love doing this sort of thing!!! You know my style, please help a girl out!!!! Thanks!!!
MB: You have played Donna Anna in a production conducted by Claudio Abbado and directed by Peter Brook. What did you learn from collaborating with such distinguished artists? And how did you find their approach to Mozart, and to Don Giovanni in particular?
Yesterday was a warm, sunny day…which put me in the mood for a cold lunch plate.
They very kindly let each DT member chose an image that they would like to work with for the challenge, so I chose to use this rather sassy and funky Scarlette Cupcake to work with.
To make the challenge even more fun, we will be giving out a prize, a $15 gift certificate to be used toward stamps at the Our Daily Bread Designs store!! Entries for the prize must be submitted by Friday, January 7th, 2012 at 8 a.m. EST. One random winner will be chosen and announced next Saturday. If you are not using ODBD stamps, please do not enter more than once. Additional entries without using ODBD stamps will not be commented on or will they qualify for prizes.
As the softness of a touch,
The hollowness that Eliot identified in his contemporaries was an inner aridity arising out of a refusal to assert one’s freedom in any moral sense, in any spiritual sense. There are too many such scarecrows in today’s world too. As already implied, they wear quite different costumes.
5 half
I just want to say out loud that I have officially completed 7 weeks of a running program 3 times a week and lost 10 lbs. I am working towards running a 5k in the spring. I can run 20 minutes with no breaks and not die, which is huge considering before 7 weeks ago, I hadn't exercised in several years (years?! embarrassing).
Please note: contact details for UK and overseas publishers will be incorporated on the MFW Curran website in the coming months. Before then, should you wish to contact me regarding any publishing matters, please do so at mfwcurran@talktalk.net and I will forward your e-mail to my agent.
Please go to this video and listen to the voice of an angel, Hayley Westenra, a daughter of Christchurch, singing Amazing Grace (a cappella) at the Memorial Day in Hagley Park to honour those lost in the February 22nd eathquake:
-Have you ever taken time to think about how God feels?
Anyone know how people buy and sell WoW characters, if this does not work??
Now off to run some errands and then DH is watching the kidlets for me so I can have some crafty time this afternoon:)
OG=1.067@69F
Having missed out on the Wild Dog from the day before and pretty much having covered nearly everything with my guests our sole mission for the morning was to look for the Wild Dog. So we headed straight South, we'll nearly, we first took a detour past the airstrip to look for Hyena as they were still on our radar. With them being apparently quite far off on that radar we did not find anything and continued
There have always been transvestites. There have always been homosexuals. There have always been pædophiles. In the case of fetishists, be it those who like to dress up in rubber, latex, clothes of the opposite sex, bondage, or whatever, so long as their kinkiness remains in the bedroom and remains between consenting adults of the opposite sex, it doesn't harm anyone. Many men like women to wear high heels as it alters the shape of the calf muscle. Many women find uniforms arousing due to their association with masculine and brave men such as firemen. These could be called fetishes of sorts, but they are harmless. Homosexuality and pædophilia are harmful to everyone involved, and in the case of Mr Rose, his particular quirk has crossed from the realm of the peculiar into that which is dangerous.
I do not advocate hitting someone in the face with a pie, no matter how odious or sinister they may seem. I do not think that this was a necessary action to bring attention to the scandal engulfing his media empire. I do not think that Murdoch should be physically humiliated in order to pay for what he has done.
And that was very different.
J. Msobk
Of course, as pathetic as those scores were (I think I totaled something like a 115 out of 300), it gradually got better. I passed all of the PT tests in basic, eventually running the two miles in just under 17 minutes. When I got to my next duty station in Monterey, CA, I really began to improve. There was something about running in the woods and along the beach, especially when it was tourist season and the cougars were out and you could run shirtless in a group like a Chippendale posse, that made running enjoyable for a time. I got down to about a 15 minute two-mile time, and began to find the joy in running longer distances through challenging courses. I still hated track running, but our long Friday beach runs were very therapeutic after stressful Army weeks. (Another aside: these runs might have been special only because we would sneak downtown at lunch and rent a locker at the wharf to stash our Friday night party clothes in so we wouldn't have to run all the way back up the hill to change before we went cougar hunting. But I digress.)
Valet, i think its only $3 and bring whomever you want.
So, we thought we'd offer a little more inspiration to see if we can tempt a few more of you to play along. The easiest technique to use if you want to get lots of pattern but keep to one layer is to use masking which Deborah has done one her vibrant card. Lynne has simply stamped and coloured directly onto her card - it doesn't get much easier than that now does it? Sylvie stamped a gorgeous image in 3 places on her card in black and added a little colour with promarkers. I've taken a modern approach and kept it clean and simple with a masked strip for the sentiment across a block print flower stamp.
This is an incredibly expensive, drawn out, and expensive process. Maybe she should save a few bob and pay £250,000 to be enthralled/ignored by David Cameron in person.
Barbecue sauce to taste
Yes I squeezed the cream myself. My dad bought silicon for me to do it lol.
And when the day is done
Over many minutes, the party exhausted much in the way of their resources in order to break up the defense of the firebase–sowing havoc so long that eventually the defenders were marshaled forth to meet them on the field. As the remainder of the juju zombie phalanx engaged the party, a pair of armored clay golems entered the battlefield alongside a contingent of skeletal warriors, the lot descending upon the party–and joined by a second mohrg not long afterward.
Spiritual health goals
As we walked back towards the chapel, the strains of a melodious chorus singing a joyful hymn came from inside, and then the side-door opened. Out came a bride and groom, snow-white gown and black tux, amid the guests spilling out to greet them.
I invite comments with suggestions for ways to start and to sustain such conversation.
Ian McKenzie, communications director of The People's Pledge campaign for a referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, has announced that the campaign has appointed a new director, and it is he.
Keratin – Protein from the ground-up horns, hooves, feathers, quills, and hair of various animals. In hair rinses, shampoos, permanent wave solutions. Alternatives: almond oil, soy protein, amla oil (from the fruit of an Indian tree), human hair from salons. Rosemary and nettle give body and strand strength to hair.
Marlin’s test.
Great blue heron prints
you could keep walking
“Sargeant, I’m begging on my knees here. You won’t lose me.”
Zoos have gone through numerous incarnations, a mirror of society's relationships with and views of animals. From the early menageries in Europe, we have moved away from cages and entertainment to habitats and education. There was no hiding from the populace that the conditions in most zoos at one time was deplorable. Eventually, the cages themselves became more difficult to justify. The emphasis today is the conservation message - the graphic for the Wildlife Conservation Society gets equal time with the Bronx Zoo on all of the literature, merchandise, and entrance gates.
He poured orange liquid into a glass and held it out to her. “Come join me. I would like to hear about your life.” When she accepted the drink, he rested his hand on her back to lead her to his sofa. “I want to learn how to be a…dad.”
~ Let rest for another 10 mins then brush with beaten egg, sprinkle some fine sugar and topped with cheddar cheese.
The final twist is perhaps not completely unexpected, but it is pulled off with gusto and drama – that the entire family, Grace and the kids and all, have been dead since the beginning of the film. Shock and awe! In reality, the ‘ghosts’ they’ve been hearing the whole time have been living people trying to move into the house. It is a rather humorous and witty take on the genre, as everything the main characters have been doing throughout the film would have been the ‘ghostly’ activity inflicted upon the characters in any other movie. Those curtains opening randomly? The rustling and bumping in the night? Quite eerie to think about, really…and quite a great deconstruction of the ghost story. The Sixth Sense has nothing on this.
I awoke this morning with the email from Peace Corps saying there has been an update to my toolkit.
THE COST: (3 days guided fishing & 5 nights accommodation) $952.50.
She is not of Latina/Chicana descent, nor is she of Asian descent. She is Italian-American. I'm not sure of "chola/cholo" is a slur but it doesn't sound like such a positive thing to be calling someone. Anyone who does not belong to a specific group of people should not be using such slurs. It's socially unacceptable for a White person to call an Asian "chink", a Black person the n-word, etc. Now if I remove my ethnic background/thinking, I do understand that she includes these groups to be inclusive. But why those word choices? Comes off as a bit insensitive and ignorant.
within a suspiciously Crumpish interior. It's not just the bizarre details: look at the use of color.
Ma fin est mon commencement
There are GREAT apps out there that can HELP you in your Writing journey. I have listed a few below, and tell you WHY I love them! And for you future/currrent authors; if you don’t have a IPad you are LIMITING your organization to this very information needing career! I use my IPad ALL THE TIME, EVERY DAY. I will do a post on HOW I use it in the near future- look for it.
Their dad took a deep breath. When he spoke, his voice was steady. "Girls, you deserve this opportunity. I know it seems odd, but it's truly the best training in the world. Just one thing: stay near me or your mum or another adult at all times and do not leave camp, town or school. Do not go wandering off by yourselves, ever. Is that clear?"
Is the consolidation of big brewers going to reduce itself to absurdity? Speculation continues to strengthen that Anheuser-Busch InBev is going to make a bid for SABMiller. Leaving anti-monopoly issues out of it for the moment -- since, well, really: does anyone actually think the U.S. government is going to do anything about one company controlling 2/3+ of the beer market? Of course not; return to work, cogs -- let's think about this.
I've let this work stress seep into so many aspects of my being that I carried all of this negativity with me no matter where I went and what I did. And while some of my prayers to get me through a trying day were necessary, I was spending so much time praying about my job that I was still giving it more focus than it deserves.
Coming up this Sunday, you get your pick between the fifth edition of the Charitably Charming Chilifest, this time staged (rain or shine) at the Baltimore Free Farm, or the first edition of what promises to be an annual Charm City Beer Wars at Mother's Grille in Federal Hill.
Inadmissible Evidence (1964) offers a powerful depiction of one going through a crisis of confidence which stands for the crisis of the country as a whole as it sinks into a pit of mediocrity and hopelessness. Bill Maitland, the central character is a solicitor. We have moved out of the squalid attics and bedsits of his early characters. He now set his plays around "Cocktail Cabinets”. In Hotel Amsterdam and “West of Suez” he dealt with affluent but spiritually empty characters like writers, journalists, politicians, actors, media types, no longer the disaffected.
heart race you know that you are alive. When you experience a piece that makes you question your own views of the world, that challenges your ideas of beauty, of politics, philosophy you are existing at the highest levels of human consciousness. You are taking full part in the human experiment. You don’t have to “know” art to love it but if you do your awareness and knowledge will feed your desire to learn and your
I can see God directing and taking credit for the mansions built as the provider and director of the project, and dad and his friend happily hanging a door, getting ready for us to come join them. “I go and prepare a mansion for you…”
I want to mean that figuratively. I do, but when there is too much noise around me or when all that surrounds me is silence, I might have to mean that literally. And it scares me.
All of this is going to be tested soon. I got a call yesterday, and a major entity wants to make an honest creator out of me. I've accepted the offer. Things will change but I've committed to this and it might mean things like me posting a photo for Photo Wednesday after 90% of Wednesday is gone but I'm committed to this, I'm not going anywhere, Brooklyn's my heart and home. Forever.
Make you never want to set foot in a gym?
If I could do that, that's what I'd do for my sweet friend Korin, whose birthday is tomorrow.
How to Get Started goes something like this: The performer picks 10 topics that he/she will extemporize on for a brief amount of time (in Cage's performance, his improvisations never went past three minutes); those topics are written down on numbered index cards, one for each topic. A random number from 1-10 is chosen, and whatever number is chosen will correspond with a particular topic. The performer riffs on that topic, without any notes whatsoever. Then another number is chosen. While the performer improvises on that second topic, his/her discussion of the first topic is played back concurrently. When a third number is chosen, both of his/her previous improvisations are played back concurrently...and so on until, once the last topic is reached, all the improvisations are played together (though not all at the same volume level; the most recent is the loudest).
“The Brontës’ Yorkshire Garden”, which is being put together by tourism agency Welcome to Yorkshire, aims to transport the scenery that influenced the three novelist sisters to the world-famous show.
History also says the French were drunk at the time. Excuses, excuses!
A final thought.
Between his height and the presence of the wolf inside him, most humans found Brand intimidating. They would never be able to define exactly what bothered them, only a vague sense of strangeness. The more sensitive they were to the energies of the natural world, the harder he had to try to put them at ease. If the man in front of Brand had been a wolf, his hackles would have been raised."
by sharing His story of hope.
I’m pleased to say that I completed all four goals! Except, I confess, the one that’s proving most challenging, the book proposal. I’m still working on it.
The retelling any traditional tales is extremely important. It’s part of what we are, and I found it amusing to see how young readers believed J K Rowling made everything up herself, when in actual fact she simply borrowed from classical stories. This has always been done, and most stories are richer for having some sort of older background. It’s what you do with it that’s interesting.
John Coplans (1 gelatin silver, 1984)
For the blue, I used the Very Basic Baby Beanie by Janet D. Russell. I also modified this by casting on 80 stitches rather than the pattern's 72 stitches, as I wanted it a little larger. It is a wee bit pointy at the top, I perhaps should have finished a row sooner, but I wanted to keep the stripes even.
Unmasking each newborn minute
“Your personal privacy should not be the cost of using mobile apps, but all too often it is,” said Attorney General Harris in a statement.
(Sarcastic smart-alecks cart Sarkozy’s cozy carcass across the charcoal carpet.)
My parents divorced when I was 15. While I wasn’t surprised, I was still shocked at the seriousness of the situation. My mom moved out and I stayed with my dad, who decided that keeping an eye on me was no longer necessary. This is when I went crazy. Drugs, sex, fights, failing school and a number of other factors reared their heads when this time in my life occurred. The drugs masked the pain and the sex gave me the attention I was so missing in my life. I was a mean, nasty argumentative brat with a propensity to pit people against each other to bring yet more attention my way. The present day Shaun still craves attention, re-assurance and love. While I no longer use drugs or have sex with anyone other than my wife, the attention-getting 15 yr-old still exists. This is not a bad thing, or even an abnormal thing, but the present day Shaun again needs to take over and control the situation.
silent and dying,
Spiderworts have long been a favorite of mine, and I seldom pass on an opportunity to photograph them. After this photograph, and others, I headed back down the hill, then the short walk back to where I had parked. Beside the road, so close that my tripod was partially in the road, was this little flower.
David was so focused on the problem—getting the horse to stand still—that he couldn’t see that the solution was literally right in front of him. In fact, he even thought of his solution as an obstacle! How often does this happen in your office? In your life?
As usual Heidi will be giving one lucky entrant a $50 voucher to her FANTASTIC Simon Says Stamp Superstore!! For fabulous tutorials, inspiration and candy you should keep an eye on the Simon Says Stamp Blog too!!
What I want is for today to have never been.
New names for these streets had been identified in a draft document drawn up by the council. Only two street names, Pretorius and Paul Kruger, had been retained.
The bio also says that Chukerman has experience on home shopping networks, on Beverly Hills TV and My V Channel in Great Britain.
I loved that the writers showed that Caroline’s descent from top socialite to poor nobody is still around, and that while her family name may have helped with Earl it’s still a major hindrance to her rebuilding her life. I also liked the scene at the end with Max getting flowers from Caroline’s dad. While the show is built around the diner, the show is REALLY built around the relationship these girls have. Although the scenes with Max and Earl were sweet and really showed that the diner group is a family, I’ve found myself completely uninterested in the side characters. I’m still waiting for the day when the show announces that they’re gonna revamp the show and make it just about Max and Caroline. So what did you guys think of the episode? Leave your TwoCents in the comments below!
St. Louis Rams: A
- Dr. Kent Keith, adapted by Mother Theresa
One of the biggest benefits to me about blogging is that I can connect with other people who are also making their journey through the mental health services and recovery all over the world. Of course, there will be people on the internet who lie, or who may not portray the whole truth, perhaps. That is not specifically limited to people with mental illness. Internet old-timers will remember the story of “Kaycee Nicole”, a woman who posed as a teen writing a blog about living with cancer. That is unfortunately the nature of the internet. I’m pretty sure I’m not the only person who has encountered people who offer some questionable stories in a psychiatric care facility. It would be ridiculous to assume that inpatient care should be scrapped incase someone doesn’t tell the truth. Instead, there are guidelines and subtle advice offered to inpatients to protect themselves.
Legendary Recordings with Count Basie combos.
I also wrote an introduction page, and a page about the top ten things I learnt, as well as a little 'blurb' on the back cover. If you're interested in seeing those, or any of the other pages of my LSNED album that you missed, you can see it all in an online photo album here, or you can watch this quick (1 minute and a half) video flick through of the pages:
The Supreme Court decision on AHCA (regardless of how they vote) is a win-win for Democrats. This will be in June.
Staff member: Maybe he was trying to protect the Muslims that are still serving against a backlash.
Or Dave Eggers, most recently of "Where the Wild Things Are" fame, who once wrote an incredibly inspiring essay about why he thinks it's crucial to be "doing something, trying something, even when it's corny or stupid," even when it threatens to topple you from whatever pedestal you have been placed on by your adoring fans. Because "when you die, and it really could be this afternoon ... you will not be happy about having said no. You will be kicking your ass about all the no's you've said. No to that opportunity, or no to that trip to Nova Scotia or no to that night out, or no to that project or no to that person who wants to be naked with you but you worry about what your friends will say."
A great robusto with a fuller flavour, a hint of chocolate and lots of spice and a sweet after taste. I very much enjoyed smoking the vintage one and understanding the development of the cigar. Really a worthwhile experience! Only problem is that one needs to save up for ten years (or more) a cigar already great on day 1!
Perhaps my dream's a prophecy, of Christmas to be,
The Widmer Brothers Gasthaus Pub and retail store are located at 929 N. Russell St. Portland, Ore. 97227.
Some aloo palak or spinach potato curry for those of you not familar with Indian menus. Also a curried potato dish but I can't remember the name. The nameless potato curry was one my faves but it did come with bread.
It’s dark, a little cold, but very different. My senses were more aware of everything, my steps seemed louder, my breathing sounded like a rock concert…everything seemed bigger. There is something surreal about it, but something beautiful too. The air was cleaner too.
PS, if you wanted a reason to comment, answer this question. If you knew that an ale was Fast Cask, would you choose another 'non-fast cask' ale because it was Fast Cask? I have it on good authority that Mr Protz enjoyed a couple of pints of Fast Cask down at Lords a while back...
As the leading supplier associated with VDR solutions, Merrill DataSite has empowered nearly Two million unique people to perform electronic due diligence on thousands of deal totaling billions associated with bucks within asset worth. Merrill DataSite VDR answer has become an important device in an effective as well as legally defensible procedure for finishing several types of financial dealings.
I'll admit it- I like some crappy foods. I enjoy the occasional fast food sandwich, store bought dinners, and easy boxed meals and desserts. I'm also not alone. I have seen many interviews with famous chefs where they purposely ask them what their favorite guilty pleasure is and most say a fast food joint or canned cranberries. So, even though I love to cook and bake from scratch and pride myself on loving some of the finest foods, I also love foods that are embarrassing. Here are some of favorites:
Fruit-based sugar, not chocolate. Let's say gummi bears.
Devil's Kiss tells the story of a modern teenage girl raised by her father to become a member of an ancient order of knights, drawing on the mythology of the Knights Templar and the Crusades. Beatrice Springborn, who joined Hurd's Valhalla Entertainment as executive VP of production and development last year, picked up the project. The books and TV series will appeal to fans of Twilight and True Blood, according to GIT CEO O'Connell.
Number 6 is what seemed to be the transition point for me. Legs – just legs nothing else really – very sore, until yesterday when I went for an easy 4 mile run with my gorgeous wife (owner of Snowballs in Summer). Very easy and slow pace. And after that legs pretty much back to normal.
07. Have Love Will Travel
We are starting things off with 25% off your Entire Purchase. This discount is only good until 8 a.m. July 6 so one day! This gives you the opportunity to get a huge discount on items that we may not put on sale.
I try to bring snacks that have some nutritional value and that are a somewhat OK substitute for a proper dinner. This weekend, I made egg salad with an Indian touch. This recipe was just something I made up as I went along, but it was surprisingly successful and the bowl was scraped clean at the trivia table.
A1: Mama? Mama? Mama?
Young Sally for our meeting
Give it a Name by Gary McMahon
1140 D-V/2/1992. “American Constitutional Documents: The Story of the People as Founders.” Basic Program Staff Seminar, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
“The Impala has been a critical part of Chevrolet’s success in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series and we are confident the new racecar will allow us to remain the most successful name in NASCAR Sprint Cup Series history,” Campbell said.
This is a heavily faith-based story, and I confess that I have trouble with those kinds of stories. However, she’s not at all preachy, just very honest about the resource of religious belief that she was raised to rely on. Beautifully written, the book reveals an author who is humble, genuine, introspective, and utterly grateful for all her life is comprised of, difficulties and all.
Here is Day 1.
2. The Fort Calhoun nuclear power plant in Nebraska also canned a supervisor for a failed Fitness for Duty test that took place last Friday. Illegal drugs were again the problem.
Despite his terror, Christopher peered inside. In the farthest corner, he thought he could distinguish a shape, darker than the night.
She and Ken were customers and friends of the store for a long time. When they found it was for sale, they jumped at the opportunity, Levine said.
life = Quicksand
Favorite animal....my classroom is FILLED with frogs, but I also like giraffes and love my dog!
A self-professed advertising geek, Dan has successfully implemented innovative marketing strategies in the newspaper, magazine, digital out-of-home and action-sports industries over the past 15 years. Regardless of the medium, Dan’s approach always remains consistent: effectively delivering relevant content and brand messaging to an increasingly mobile audience that will ultimately lead to consumer engagement and sustainable results.
When a person is looking for specific information on the World Wide Web, they enter words related to their interests in the search box online. Each word they type in is called a “keyword” or “key phrase.” The Search Engines use these words or phrases to find the most relevant list of related Websites. These sites are then displayed for the user.
“DOT” – This was my nickname in High School. Why? Well, if you look closely, you will notice a mole on the tip of my nose. The guys Senior year decided that “Dot” fit me quite well! I even had my own theme song….”I love you period. Do you love me question mark. Please, please exclamation point. I wanna hold you in parenthesis.” Oh the memories!
9. She got the giggles in church a lot.
Everyone in high positions in the government takes a solemn oath to uphold and obey the Constitution, but nearly all of them totally ignore the Constitution. The president issues executive orders that are totally unconstitutional, and Congress passes laws that the Constitution specifically forbids. Our God-given Constitution is the reason the United States has become the greatest country in the world, but it is being thoroughly undermined today by the Jesuits in government as they work to convert the United States into a ruthless police state.
400 degrees, brown the meat with salt and pepper and olive oil and garlic and oregano
I like the drippy shape smooth but pointy edges, and it’s spiky style is just right to hold a packet of chilli based snacks, whilst we are working our way through another bottle of red (just in the interest of reusing the bottle you understand).
The latest brouhaha in popular physics is, of course, the question of why there is something rather than nothing—a question that has pushed to the fore with Larry Krauss’s new book, A Universe from Nothing. If you haven’t been in Ulan Bator, you’ll know that that book was handled roughly by David Albert in his New York Times review. Since then, the principals have been sniping at each other, leaving folks like me a bit confused.
Now, don't get me wrong, its not all bad. The boss-man was gone for the last couple of weeks which was AWESOME. He came back today (sigh). One of the things that's not so bad about sticking around for a little longer is all the interesting people in Portland. I ride the bus most days and I guess its kinda the scuzzy bus, and so, the people on it are always interesting. Most days, I study them, wondering who they are, what their story is. I have a favorite regular. He's an older guy and I've never spoken to him. I doubt I ever will. He's a bike rider and almost always leaves his helmet on while riding. And he's always exhausted. He generally nods off and then wakes up, every second or so, and if I watched him I can get car sick. But I wonder what he does, why he's so tired every day. He looks like a nice guy. What's his story? There are others too. The old blue haired ladies, the not so old purple haired ladies (who are professional 40 somethings but with purple hair) and the lady who yells at everyone (luckily, she's not as much of a regular). Bus rides are interesting.
“OK, like this?”
The group’s itinerary includes performances at New York’s Hammerstein Ballroom on Nov. 14, Baltimore’s Ram’s Head Live Nov. 16, Cleveland’s House of Blues Nov. 25, Detroit’s Fillmore on Nov. 26, Cincinnati’s Taft Theater Nov. 29, St. Louis’ The Pageant Dec. 2, Chicago’s Chicago Theater Dec. 3, Atlanta’s The Tabernacle Dec. 7, Nashville’s Ryman Auditorium Dec. 10 and Orlando’s Hard Rock Live Nov. 14, with more dates to be announced.
An important ingredient in sambal tumis is belacan, which is fermented shrimp paste/block. It makes the sambal savory and pungent. Most foreigners would describe the smell of belacan as raunchy but locals absolutely love it. Belacan is essential but I decided to make a batch of sambal tumis without it. This way, when I use it to saute with meat or vegetables, I could use some belacan or just a pinch of salt, depending on who I am serving.
Are lurid, huge and vast,
In August, staff members from Chuckawalla Valley and Ironwood state prisons heading to work responded to a life threatening emergency involving a vehicle roll-over on the Interstate 10 freeway.
Bet you think that everything good is gone
The best part of waking up defintely is not Folgers in my Cup. Even when it's "supreme gourmet."
I guess this is the case for many scriptures, the Qur’ân as well, reading them where they were created. I can imagine that for the Muslims reading the Qur’ân on the Arabic Peninsula it will give much more sense and meaning to read about themes connected to that area, than it does for a Muslim reading about the same themes in the States. I would even go so far as to say that the serious student should study texts in the area where they were written, in order to get a better understanding and appreciation of them. Of course, I know, not all are able to do that, unfortunately, but should you get the chance and opportunity then do it. For me, to study the Bible and the Talmud here does all the difference, being in their home.
6.Close the lid till the raw smell goes and oil oozes out.Add in the Powder.
It’s hard to described the novel’s plot or even its genre. I guess if H.G. Wells collaborated with Thomas Pynchon, you might get Angelmaker. It’s another madcap adventure, although rather than war against strange creatures using magic bombs, this one has our heroes (led by the decidedly repressible clock repairman Joshua Joseph Spork) doing battle against technology-obsessed cultists and clockwork bees. Also, there’s an octogenarian badass grandma with an adorably decrepit dog.
See all that beautiful fresh snow! It will eventually turn into lovely raging white water this summer. Hmmm – white snow – white water.
And there are those who just never wanted children. For these, the city provides a level of social possibilities and a density of human interaction hard to find elsewhere.
Yesterday I took Jack the dog to the beach after my post office run. It was beautifully still, not a foot print in the sand and a flat calm sea.
Two weeks ago, we were in St. George so John could run in the marathon. I was a little nervous for that day because I knew that the park, where the race ended, was going to be packed. I'm always a little anxious about making sure my kids stay by me when a place is so busy.
Today I will write the final pages of my Historical Theology exam. We had two days to answer the question of the role philosophy has played in the formation, defense, and dissemination of the Christian faith over the past 2000 years. Great question. I’ve got 20 pages so far and it’s not due til 3:00. Funny thing is, I wouldn’t have been able to write a paragraph let alone a page on a topic like this four months ago. Education is real. And it is most definitely good.
Hair was colored with my Martha Steward Marker
I am to have received these gifts from you, Lee. It is my dream
As I had mentioned in the review of the PC An Turas Mor, my A grade often requires some sort of metamorphosis, or some increasing depth with the addition of sitting time, and/or water. It should provide me 2 experiences in a glass. The Auchentoshan 18 does that, and fabulously, even though I was skeptical at first with it being such a low ABV. It is, too, a chill-filtered whisky, and I’m not certain, but I’d guess that it also has caramel added to give it that beautiful, almost orange colour. Unlike other malt-maniacs, I won’t dock this whisky grades for its chill-filtration or caramel, because it is so spectacular in its own right. I can only wistfully imagine what a cask-strength-non-chillfiltered-no-e150 Auchentoshan 18 might taste like.
Works busy, economy is crap, and I think I am putting my house on the market to buy another one down the street. Gotta keep it interesting, you know.
2 sleep
Hostess with the mostess(influence) Prime Minister David Cameron. A cheque mate who’ll legislate.
One of the greatest lessons I got out of ChiRunning is awareness. I’ve learned a lot over the past few years just by doing nothing more than paying attention.
Poor-Mom’s car is a piece of shit. It’s always breaking down. It’s ugly and loud. No one wants to drive a car like Poor-Mom’s. She doesn’t even want to drive it. In fact, Poor-Mom is afraid of her car. It hates her, and it is always fucking with her. It has a mean streak.
· paranormal romance
shameless shana
After discovering how toxic dryer sheets are, I sadly gave up my beloved Downy sheets up and now use Norwex dryer balls and a lavender sachet instead. Surprisingly, I haven't missed those dryer sheets at all and now prefer the more natural laundry smell.
With only 53 percent of the seats in the 83,635-capacity stadium now available, the Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) has done away with priced tickets for the match, which will be the fourth the two teams will play here. They have won one apiece while the other was a no-result.
“he saved us, not because of works done by us in righteousness, but according to his own mercy, by the washing of regeneration and renewal of the Holy Spirit.”-Titus 3:5
“I’m nobody I’m I’m…”
As for harpsichords, the playing of Andreas Staier has been a revelation. Just listen to the warmth, generosity and nobility of this:
“Here,” he said, gently taking my head and directing my gaze, straight ahead. He was cheek to cheek with me at one point. I bent down, looked up, looked down, side to side.
As usual, the Pretty Police prevailed:
We stopped by the hospital to drop off Daddy's lunch and Micah begged for Daddy's help. Daddy told him to have fun playing soccer. The drive-thru at McDonald's was my undoing. His screaming was so loud that I couldn't place an order for his lunch. He declared that he didn't want to eat anyway. How could he? He was dying. No burger. No chicken. Can I take this shirt off?
Setting aside the apparent metamorphosis of this ale (in my experience, at least) there is little doubt that this is a very lovely beer indeed - one that any brewery in the land would be extremely proud of.
text-align: center;
The band was present in at the end of last year before Jupiter ducked behind the Sun on its orbit. However, when it emerged three months later the belt had disappeared. more via
Salary budget: USD 40,000 per year or PHP130,000
Don't forget to link up your creations HERE for the chance to be a weekly winner and be entered into the monthly drawing for the Just Because Cricut cartridge.
If there were no other knitting books available, you could learn what you needed to know from these august writers. God knows I did. These writers taught me everything.
Page Count: 528
We stopped in front of a gate at the head of a gravel drive. The iron gates opened and then closed behind us. Tall hedges lined either side and finally gave way to a large grey stone front home. Joe ushered me inside with his hands over my eyes.
3 February 2012 – The United Nations declared an end to famine conditions in Somalia today, but warned that the crisis in the Horn of Africa is not over and requires continued efforts to restore food security and help people resume normal lives.
In an attempt for the boys to become more aware of finances, spending and budgeting I decided to give them a monthly allowance that was not tired to chores. They each receive their age X $0.50 X 4. This gives them $0.50 a week for each year they are old. Of that sum, 10% goes to charity, 30% goes to savings and 60% they get to spend. Now when we go into a store and they want candy, movies, trinkets, or whatever, they have to decide if it is worth spending their own money on (my money was sooooo easy to spend). Also, if they decide to put some of their spending money into savings I will match that amount. This is a concept Kemper gets and takes advantage of but Griffin not so much.
7. Foreplay
Few sequels to blockbuster movies are really worth watching. Sure, sequels make money—gobs of money—which is why studios keep making them, but few people ever argue that the sequel was superior to the original, or even on par with it. For most, the original is best, and the sequel is an action-heavy but shallow imitation of the glory of the original.
Lei
But then it takes it to a new level and advanced recipes, such as ‘chilli jam mussels steamed with beer’ and ‘mushroom and goat’s cheese risotto’, are things I would never have cooked in my university days.
Being the polite well-behaved young woman I am, I smiled nicely and said, “thank you” and continued to watch the fireworks from our bench.
If you are a fan of Stephenie Meyer's Twilight Series or Amanda Hocking's My Blood Approves Series, Fateful is a book you will definitely want to settle into. I absolutely loved the characters Cheri Schmidt brings to life in this tale of dangerous love and can hardly wait to read the next installment, Fractured.
Now, back to our program…
These questions will be themed on Science, Avalanches:
But he was a tough guy who always came to the rescue.
What has stuck with me the most was a statement I've been hearing a lot lately. They are trusting that a woman's body is designed to give birth and that they have faith in that design. Well so do I. It is miraculous what God designed a woman's body to do. To create and grow life, and then to deliver it into the world. That's remarkable. A woman is given so much power to fulfill this destiny. What I disagree with is that you can't be that powerful in a hospital. You can trust in God's plan and have faith that your body was MEANT to do this wonderful thing, in a setting with knowledge, and more importantly, with equipment able to help if heaven help us, things go wrong. The building does not take away your God given power to deliver a child.
American Jihad: The Terrorist's living amongst us! and
I had heard this book was a hit among toddlers, and came across it on sale at Barnes & Noble. Turns out they were right! This simple book about colours is a real favourite!
Well, I'm unhappy to report - that's no longer a worry.
So want to hear my crazy exciting news?!
What would you say was the slave’s greatest need? Some would say a place to stay; money; food and clothing or maybe reconciliation with his master. He may have needed all of these and more but none of these was his greatest need. His greatest need was salvation, to be reconciled to God. Only if you have a personal relationship with God, is He able to help you in those other needs.
But I wish I could report there is ease in Zion. In 2006, on the eve of Independence Day, Tel Aviv-based journalist Robert Rosenberg observed: “It is indeed symbolic of this society’s non-stop swaying between existential worries — nowadays embodied in the person of Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, with his vows to acquire nuclear technology, and his promises that Israel will be erased from the map…”
PIYO: I suppose so, putar.
This was supposed to be a post for the EOTD, but apparantly, something went wrong with the pictures. All of the pictures of my eye were blurry, which I only just found out. It's weird though, because they didn't seem blurry on my cam. Oh well, at least I still have pics of the outfit.
What do you think about the team that I have selected? Are there players who should be on the team who weren’t named? If so, who are they and who would you remove to put your picks in?
(paraphrased) If you imagine that the most extraordinary aspects of your being did not come from you, but were on loan through you, it changes how you feel about your writing. And: "Don’t be afraid, don’t be daunted. Just do your job, continue to show up for your piece of it. "
I would love to travel more with my family. I would love us to go to west Canada and ride on horses (I wouldn't know how to, though, for I've never done it), backpack our way through South and Central America, especially since we all speak Spanish and I have a fair grasp of Portuguese. I would like us to cycle through Europe (my wife would take some convincing, though, and even I would have to train hard for it as I haven't cycled since my bike got nicked back in the summer). I would love us to drive from coast to coast in the States, visit Africa (the whole continent, actually. I'm very keen to get to know Africa as a solid entity made up of different nations and not just a generic name). I would like to spend more time than we usually do in Malaysia and pop by the neighbouring countries. I would like to explore more my Chinese ancestry by staying in Canton. Australia is a destination that's always fascinated me. It's that whole expanse of land that captivates me. Oh, yes, I would like us to travel more indeed. In the meantime, I'm just breezin' through life, ploughing on the best I can.
Wherever you are,
President Thabo Mbeki's opponents accuse him of using South Africa's law enforcement agencies to shore up his leadership -- his intervention in the Scorpions' planned arrest of police chief Jackie Selebi puts the matter beyond doubt. But supporters of Jacob Zuma who level this accusation are just as tainted.
In addition to nixing ice cream... I started refocusing on the band rules. Small bites. Chewing well. No drinking when eating. I have been doing good. Had dinner at the in-laws tonight and it took me 3 times longer to eat 4oz of fish and a small salad than it did for hubby to gobble down double helpings. I had a little bit of first bite syndrome... and was sooo tempted to drink something to wash it through, but I hung in there.
on the edge. I colored the image with my Copics. The wine
and turn, and I would heal them.
Email blast or mailing
The Teaching Research Institute’s Child Development Center, housed at Western Oregon University, will host a Play Parade on Friday, April 27 at 11 a.m. in front of Todd hall. This event is to celebrate the Week of the Young Child.
I used TCP's Pinwheel CutUps Die for my focal point and added a sentiment from Field of Pinwheels. The papers are from My Mind's Eye's Dilly Dally 6x6 pad. I hand-cut the pinked border along the left, but TCP has a variety of pinked border CutUps that would make that job much easier.
21 not
Laws of healing
The line up:
How do you think your unique life experiences (a Catalán mother, a painter father, traveling, living in France then returning to England) have influenced your art?
Take care and keep safe
Indeed there are "zillions and twillions" of real bunnies running around miniature sets in "Night of the Lepus" which was one of a group of "critter on the loose" films produced during the 1970s that included "Empire of the Ants", "Food of the Gods", "The Giant Spider Invasion" and "Kingdom of the Spiders".
I have been crafting all of my life, in one form or another. I was a very successful bead artist. I had my work published in over a dozen books and magazines, and lectured and taught all over the country, but...my beaded pieces took 500-1000 hours to complete. About 11 years ago, I started scrapbooking, when my first nephew was born. I instantly fell in love with the immediacy of the medium (compared to the crazy hours I spent beading!) In the past several years, I have really gotten serious with the craft and love finding new ways to take my pieces to the next level. It's really funny to look at any of my work, from bead work to paper and to be able to see the same style emerge, regardless of the medium. I have always loved dimension, and color and layers.
If you follow my blog I WILL follow you back. Leave me a comment saying you're following from #FF and I'll get on it!
Grease and line a 20cm round cake tin. Preheat oven to 180 C. Put butter, sugar and chocolate in a medium-to-large bowl and melt together in the microwave (I think it took me about 1-2 minutes). Stir in egg yolks and brandy, then ground almonds and polenta. Beat egg whites to the stiff peak stage in a small bowl and fold into the chocolate mixture. Pour into prepared tin and bake for about 30 minutes. Cool in the tin.
Paul Green – head of Retail Property Holdings – qualified as a chartered accountant before making his fortune in the world of high finance and property development. He was born in Northampton on September 1, 1942, and raised in Bletchley. The company developed one of Britain’s biggest shopping centres, the Silverburn in Glasgow, at a cost of £350 million. The centre opened in October, 2007. He subsequently named a horse Silverburn (a full-brother to Denman) who won two Grade One chases. An owner for over 30 years, he also has the distinction of having been champion trainer in Jersey, his adopted home. Green has enjoyed plenty of big winners as an owner in Britain and Ireland over the years, both on the Flat and over jumps. The two best horses to have carried his silks are Hors La Loi III and Carvill’s Hill. The former won the Supreme Novices’ Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival in 1999 and added the Champion Hurdle in 2002, a race in which he was runner-up to the great Istabraq in 2000. Carvill’s Hill’s major wins included the Hennessy Gold Cup in Ireland and the Coral Welsh National. Green also won the 1998 Gold Card Hurdle Final with Unsinkable Boxer, and the Challow Hurdle and the Long Walk Hurdle with the enigmatic Tyrone Bridge, who was runner-up in the 1990 Ascot Gold Cup. In recent seasons Green has seen his colours carried to success by Deep Purple, who is a five time Grade Two winner over hurdles and fences. Green also owned one of this year’s leading John Smith’s Grand National fancies Junior, who he had with Brian Meehan on the Flat and Alan King over jumps prior to selling him to Middleham Park Racing for 35,000 guineas in May 2010. On the Flat, Bajan Sunshine won the 1983 Cesarewitch just three days after Green purchased him, while the 2000 renewal of the Windsor Castle Stakes at Royal Ascot went the way of Autumnal, owned in partnership with his wife Jenny. As well as Evan Williams, his trainers have included Paul Nicholls, Martin Pipe, Francois Doumen, Ed Dunlop, Kevin Prendergast, Brian Meehan, Mick Easterby, Neville Callaghan, Jim Dreaper, Jeremy Noseda, James Fanshawe, Brendan Powell, Paul Webber, Andrew Balding, Gary Moore, Richard Phililips, Robert Alner, Francois Cottin, Nicky Henderson, Alan King and Green’s stepson, Nick Walker.
Norine - This week I used a cute, clean and simple image from the Candy Doodles cd for the base of my design, the background patterned paper and the sentiment are from Pretty Sweet. I added some butterfly stamps from Fairy Flutterfly and then I colored with Radiant Pearls! I added a Candi brad and some bling to finish it off.
When I first saw this game, I subscribed almost immediately; I couldn't resist the temptation of playing a Metal Gear fan-game created with SNES-era Zelda graphics. The strange thing is that it wasn't just the novelty of this idea that caught my attention, it was the thought that the two styles might actually work well together. I'm not going to deny that the two styles seem like an awkward mix at first, but the more and more I thought about it the more and more it seemed like this was a combination that would work. Why? Because the first two Metal Gear games actually have gameplay that's quite similar to the SNES-era Zelda games. You wander around, look for key(card)s, find items that let you progress and then fight a gimmicky boss; rinse and repeat. Obviously, there are some differences to consider because Metal Gear has enemies that are smarter and has its trademark stealth sequences, not forgetting the difference in tone between the two franchises, but it didn't seem like such a stretch to create a fun Metal Gear experience with Zelda-style graphics. I was pretty excited about the whole thing!
I just wanted to say I miss you all and I hope life can let me be more here soon.
I’m off and running now since one of my good customers is coming over today to get the first choice of planters for the year. Dreama says she likes the ones with the pot at the top of the head. I have several of those for her to choose from. I wonder which one she will take home to live with her.
The incident is the biggest blow so far this year to the military.
There the men and women have a brisker pace
The comedian then introduced her to the other man, a New York comedian named Scooey Mitchell, who lived on her mother’s floor.
“Maybe it’s the sense that something is going down soon. Or maybe it’s the sense that they want to prepare the public to have more reasonable expectations for what’s about to happen vis-à-vis Iran,” he reasoned.
Well I'm gonna add that I'm so glad that I put all other books on hold so I could read this book and I'm sure you it was well worth it, now I have the problem of waiting for the next book. If you haven't read this series yet then I strongly say to you, " why the hell not" go out and get it now. and read read read, because you are so gonna love it.
everyone is met
Chase said: ‘The Sopranos was ambiguous to the point where, to this day, I’m not really sure whether it was a drama or a comedy.
I’ve found a really great blog called The Great Northern Prepper that has some awesome information and lists and ideas for how to prepare for a variety of types of emergencies. If you go here, you’ll find some lists of foods and ways to store them that might be helpful in the event of an emergency. You can also find information on a 72 hour emergency kit, what it means to be a prepper, and even a little bit about living more independently. Some great advice all around, whether or not an emergency comes up.
What is clear from its history and artistic value is how complex this building is, and the many problems it presents in trying to revive the site.
A few nights ago a freak thunderstorm developed just north of my hometown of Amarillo, Texas. Along with the usual rain, wind and lightening, this storm dumped 4 FEET of hail. The individual hail stones were not super large but freakishly plentiful. Here is some footage of mother natures mud slushy. Highways were forced to close and snow plows were brought in to clear the roads.
Sydney Taylor Honor Award winner in the Younger Readers Category
Don’t count the wrinkles on your forehead
“I don’t think it’s necessary,” Nash said Thursday. “I don’t think it’s the danger that people make it (out) to be. … The texting I can understand, but businesses rely on this to communicate with their employees.”
But the magic has faded away in the past nearly 30 years. Differences in tone honestly might have been my biggest problem with this Clash of the Titans remake.
On another note, I read this today and I thought I'd pass it along. I think I'm pretty good about this but it never hurts to hear these steps again. We should all make sure to cherish precious moments. If you don't they'll slip away and might not become part of the wonderful memories engraved in your heart.
she’s just
According to our text, they had to alter their course and sail on the leeward side of Crete for so is the word “under”. So we are asking the question, “Was it the work of God or the work of Satan to have them alter their course?” The adversary was at work.
Highlights: (May contain spoilers)
My next project will be my most challenging yet I think. But more on that soon :)
I want suggest that the original audience would have heard “friendship” as a statement of status. “Friendship” in the Greco-Roman world was a statement of social status, involving far more that the modern term. There are only three categories of people in the ancient world, friends, enemies, and people you don’t know yet. To illustrate this, I list below several lengthy quotations from Greek writers describing true friendship.
People often tell us non-verbally if they are interested in what we are selling long before they tell us vocally. The ability to recognize these non-verbal communications in sales and in life are important in building relationships, creating stimulus and being an effective listener. If you do not realize that the person you are selling to has no interest in listening to you but they are to kind to say so then you run the risk of really putting them off by continuing to push your agenda. People have a hard time saying no so this is especially important if it is an existing relationship that you value.
Green Dragon King: Ghidorah
Bake for 24-28 minutes or until the muffins are golden and smell nutty – gently twist a muffin out of the pan to check it – and the edges of the peaches are caramelized. Remove from the oven, wait 2-3 minutes, then very gently remove the muffins from the pan and transfer them to a wire rack to cool – do that to avoid soggy muffins.
Yes! There is an answer ladies.
Moving swiftly on, I came back and completed my degree in 1986. Thatcher’s Britain. I felt there were enough Bright Young Things hurtling headlong into the financial strongholds of the world and that a little more creative thinking wouldn’t go amiss. Hurtling headlong down a ski piste instead certainly had some appeal. So I had a chat with the boss of a local schools tour operator and managed to wangle my way into a job in the Alps. Ah yes, The Rep. Apart from a couple of days a week wrestling with paperwork and French bus companies, I had all the time in the world to sit on chairlifts and admire the scenery. So much better a perspective, I felt, from up there than down in the jungle of the stock market floors. I would swing my skies, contemplate the majestic vistas, breathe the clean air and contemplate life – and my day’s skiing.
The group, led by lead singer Debbie Harry and Guitarist Chris Stein, had a great deal of chart success in the late 1970′s and early 1980′s.
Wondering about those potatoes? One of my kitchen staples, those bags of steamed veggies from the freezer section, cooked, cooled and then diced and thrown in with the potatoes. It’s one way to guarantee your family gets their veggies and doesn’t mind!
Sometimes just no pants
BF: This is the Odessa group. The Nazi group. The one that was trying to set up a fascist world government – a Fourth Reich.
People who hate my work want me to shut up and shut down. People who like my work want me to shut the crudeness off and continue.
So, here's a little something I threw together tonight for all of my incredibly faithful followers, my tremendously wonderful friends who have continued check my blog and leave such sweet comments. I'm so sorry that I have been incognito. I literally have been working nonstop on "school business," church stuff and training for my marathon since August 15. Today was the first day that I took a nap, and even though it lasted for only one hour, it was GLORIOUS!
That I do feel
Then assemble the whole thing in one big bowl - butternut squash puree first, then chunks of chicken, then leeks, then gravy.
Hello guys!!!!!!!!!!
Or, they might scare people, who knows?
so I headed down to photograph the Sea.
Enter the mess,
Well it seems that the EIHA are seeing that there are things that they can do to aid the national team. It is strongly rumoured that the EPL playoff finals will take place on the first weekend in April 2013 at the same time as the EIHL finals. This will mean that the coach and any EPL players will be available for every game next year. This is a step in the right direction but that still means that there will probably be only a week before the World Championships.
Terry Edwards Allstars Dublin Castle 92
Haunted House...Gene Simmons
Businesses like Waterman’s Grille, located right next to the site for the surfing championships, can’t wait for what’s to come.
So was my dream
to temper
Today it’s a really sunny and wonderful summer-day outside.
The Qualm Before the Storm by Karen Amanda Hooper, author ofTangled Tides. Yara Jones doesn’t want to be a mermaid. Treygan doesn’t want to be the monster who turns her. You can’t always get what you want. (A short prequel to Tangled Tides.)
And that makes me joyous.
… has to do with social trends such as the increasing instability in family life and changes in our social environment, most particularly from perceptions of greater danger in the world that follows from increased access to media coverage of worldwide crime, war, terrorism, and disease; and from erosion of social connectedness that stems from the increasing mobility of people in our society, and peoples’ relative isolation and lack of involvement in developing a sense of community. (Pressley & McCormick, 2007, p. 373).
…2+2=4…
Brown tried to loosen the ceiling rod and red gemstone but neither would move. Returning to the crystal sphere, he found, to his amazement, that it separated easily from the bronze hand holders. With the crystal sphere in his right hand he then made his way out of the pyramid.
Let’s rock
Orchestrated by Kirby Johnson.
Beans on toast, cuddles and Sky Sports News, before we knew it it was time to pick him up again, which Alfie was fine with. Toddled home together in consistent strong winds and no sunny spells, filling in the details of letter sounds of the week, snacks and stories.
The guest stars, though, are a real treat. Frank Langella has a recurring role as Pino, Nolita’s owner. The inimitable Morena Baccarain shows up as an ill-advised one-night-stand of Jack’s (and why is it that outside of “Firefly” she’s always playing the chick with the crazy eyes?), as does P.J. from “My Boys.” Michael Vartan pops up as an obnoxious French chef…I could go on, but I’m technically at work at the moment and probably shouldn’t be fact-checking on IMDb.
Detective Jarvis’s new partner Aramael, who she knows a Trent, appears to be a newbie detective. He is in fact an angelic Power—one who hunts Fallen Angels. This time, the fallen angel is his brother who just happens to be the serial killer. When Jarvis and Trent meet, sparks fly. As the story unfolds, the pair struggle to find common ground. We learn he has been sent to protect her and this task is made more difficult as he begins to have feelings for her. At stake: stopping a fallen-angel, hell bent on triggering the apocalypse.
was crucified, died, and was buried;
Why am I giving away $100.00? Well... I have a new blog that I would like you to become a follower of. I am closing Lilsweetpea's Place and opening up a new blog called Kristin Wilson Handmade. Nothing is changing except the name. I will still be posting pictures of my projects and doing videos. It's just time to get my name out there. In fact I have transferred every blog post from this blog over to Kristin Wilson Handmade.
And not to mention the variations. Beef with cheese and Chicken with cheese.
Category Unknown Information
It wasn't always like this. We've had bumps and bruises along the way. One time when Carson was a baby, I decided to attend a birthday swim party during one of the Saturday morning conferences. Everyone said they were taping it and they would let me borrow the tape (obviously before TIVO days). Wouldn't you know that nobody's videos ended up working? I was so upset at myself for putting something frivolous that I could do any other time before listening to what the Lord wants me to hear. I told myself I would never do that again. Then...
Since she had been issued with a Blackberry, Kurt and I had got used to receiving e-mails sent at midnight or later.
2. Mix Paneer, nutmeg, and salt in another bowl and make small balls.
The PRIME MINISTER The Government are not prepared to introduce legislation on this subject.
MT: Which artists/bands currently on the scene would you love to work with?
This is my prayer; is it yours? “I entrust my spirit into Your hand. Rescue me, Lord, for You are a faithful God.” (Ps. 31:5 NLT)
For then there will be great distress, unequaled from the beginning of the world until now—and never to be equaled again.
And then I met Tim. Not at a dinner party but on a blind date. He loved to cook, too, and he also had quite a cookbook collection, although he didn't have a London Underground apron, or any apron at all. We cooked pesco-vegetarian dinners together and I baked him some of my old family cake recipes wearing my London Underground apron.
Dialogue: 6,0:09:25.54,0:09:30.49,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,I don’t know about being distinguished, but this is the first time I’ve heard that title.
The only thing that sucks more than walking with a limp is walking with a cane AND a limp...
From the entertaining illustrations adorning every base card to the peel-and-stick practicality of the set’s Eye Black insert, there’s a little something in 2012 Triple Play Baseball for everyone, whether you’re a kid, a kid at heart or a hardcore collector looking for a refreshingly enjoyable experience.
victims that we don’t know about?
Finally, the Internet led mystery of the Three Horseshoes can probably be explained thus - the RuRad "In the Sticks" magazine I picked up in the Talbot reported that the Three Horseshoes at nearby Wessington had been de-licensed and sold to a local builder. I did get in there once, on my walk to Ashover a couple of years ago, and they were selling the equally doomed Wild Walker beers. Its a crying shame that another rural pub has been sold for what will inevitably be housing stock, no doubt sold well outside the price range of the locals who would most benefit from buying a house or flat in the area.
This fact was discovered when astrophysicists recently pursued investigations into the existence of ‘dark matter’ to account for fluctuations in energy which are measurable but invisible. By using infrared wavelengths of light below eye and optical telescope visibility, they detected the presence of a huge sister galaxy circling the Milky Way and colliding with it at – you guessed it – its point of centre near Sagittarius. It’s called the Sagittarius Dwarf Galaxy, or SGR. And its collision may be the source of a huge gravitational pull which influences the 11-year solar coronal mass or sunspot cycle.
(1) in the early 1820s, to the newly independent Latin American countries and some European countries; (2) in the 1830s, to the United States, Spain, and Portugal; (3) from the 1860s to the mid-1870s, to Latin America, theUnited States, European countries, the Ottoman Empire, and Egypt; (4) in the mid- to late 1880s, to the United States, Australia, and Latin America; (5) in the decade prior to World War I, to Canada, Australia,South Africa, Russia, the Ottoman Empire, the Balkan countries, and some Latin American countries; (6) in the 1920s, to Germany, Japan, Australia, Canada, Argentina, Brazil, and Cuba; (7) in the 1970s, to Latin America, Spain, Yugoslavia, Romania, Poland, Turkey, Egypt, and Indonesia, as well as some African countries; (8) in the 1990s, to Latin America, emerging Asia, and former Communist countries in eastern Europe….including Russia itself.
at the ripe old ages of 21 and 24.
Okay, raise your hand if you saw this coming: "It's going to be a research center. This, gentlemen, is where we are going to cure cancer. We're only here to help." What a smug look on his face!
In a large saucepan, sauté garlic in olive oil for 2 to 3 minutes and add remaining ingredients except shrimp. Simmer for 20 minutes stirring occasionally.
To so many though, all that matters is indeed 1994 - the last time these teams met in the Eastern Conference Championship Round. Martin Brodeur is the only one returning from that series eighteen years ago. And over the last two days, Brodeur has made it very clear, he has no particular like of the New York Rangers, nor of the city, or even us fans. And well, that's good. Let's ratchet up the hate then, okay there Maaaaarty?
Eugene Bremond was married twice, first to Mary Amelia Robinson (1842-1872), and then to Augusta Palm (1843-1929), a relative of the noted bibliophile Swante Palm, who bequeathed his library to the University of Texas, thereby greatly increasing its holdings. Eugene had six children: Elizabeth (1862-1876), Walter (1864-1925), Eugene, Jr., a deaf-mute (1870-1948), Lillie Bremond Steiner (1867-1927), Pierre Augusta (No, that’s not a typo—1875-1937), and Maud Bremond Carr (1876-?).
I’m vowing to just stick to the plan and working hard to achieve the goals I want.
1 enlarged
And if you can't make it to the event make sure to pick up the latest issue of New York Weddings filled with everything a bride and groom getting hitched in the Big Apple (or surrounding area) need to know!
She goes round backwards,
Sidorio meets up with Oliver and they hatch a plan. Oliver spikes the berry tea (the alternative to blood) with blood which makes the vampires hungry. It is never good news when they are hungry. Grace almost gets eaten by a friend but Lorcan saves her.
A recent article said the group recorded a song calling the the King a “bastard” and “disgusting dictator.” Members performed the song in 2009 at a festival in Segovia, but the city’s mayor denies being aware of the lyrics.
2) Roughly mash it.
For decorative purposes only.
Skull - The character will be ambushed by an undead of equal level when alone.
Only two more streets and I’ll be home.
I'm a big fan of 'all-in-one-bite' desserts. These fit that bill perfectly. In each bite, you get a healthy dose of strawberry, a creamy dose of cheesecake, and a tasty texture from the graham cracker crumbs. Plus, it honestly took 15 minutes to make these, start to finish. I can't believe how addicting they are, too.
Okay, today is day 1 (if you do not count the weekend) of our spring break. There is so much to do that I do not know where to start so I plopped down at the computer to do a blog post. Not very productive but maybe if I list what needs to be done, it will motivate me to check them off.
It was a natural progression towards friendship. Accidentally sitting next to him in Statistics 101. Two lonely souls who didn't know anyone but longed to be accepted. Seb introduces himself and Corina shakes his hand.
Fusing and holding, claiming, devouring the whole,
The difference between these two Great Lakes states is that Michigan has a few tools that Wisconsin doesn’t.* Specifically, in Michigan, the state government can install a kind of official who has the power to set the mayor of Detroit and other city officials (all of them bound like blood brothers to the unions) aside. You may think of this as a czar, except that this individual would have more power than even the Obama White House czars.
Wideman’s decision to use Lulu to self-publish his book created a real stir and garnered quite a number of media headlines. After all, it was quite a coup for Lulu to have on board an author who had twice won the Faulkner Award and published twenty books. Over the many weeks since we first heard of the news, Wideman spoke eloquently about the freedoms self-publishing could deliver and the flux of the modern publishing industry. But last week, writing a personal piece in Publishers Weekly Soapbox, Wideman revealed, for the first time, the role his son Daniel played in his decision to self-publish with Lulu—at least it was news to me for the first time—and I had been following the news story since it was first announced.
9. Full Sail Session Black - I was surprised at how good this was. I actually met the Pour Girl, Celeste, in the ladies room prior to tasting the beer. My girlfriend Lola and I were having a serious conversation about legalizing marijuana and Celeste piped in with her opinions. I liked her right away. She took good care of us the rest of the day. Another fun thing about this beer, there are drinking games in the cap! How cool is that? Fun and functional! And dudes, I am all about multi tasking, know what I mean? Grade: 4 Burps!
Hello ;o) How are you all? I have been having a play with the gorgeous Wizard of Oz papers from Graphic 45 and the Magic of Oz stamps by Crafty Secrets. I thought I would make something up using Studio 490 art parts so I sat down and started to mess around. This is what I ended up with;
Akari Shinohara: The speed at which the sakura blossom petals fall… five centimeters per second.
Being friends with my students was never part of my plans. Some unexpected circumstance though made me become friends with one of my former students. Last Monday, I had dinner with Dina, one of my honest and hardworking students. We found ourselves sharing work life sentiments over a great dinner. Though time wasn't enough for us, I was happy because I know I am blessed with another friend.
2.Hard/soft deals. You used to be able to sell hardcover rights to one house and then turn around and sell paperback rights to another. Two separate income streams. Now publishers buy all rights to a book. One income stream.
or being genuinely honest is, in fact, a later concern for me.
Hello Friends!
A: You should be able to enjoy your Lash Extensions without too much adjustment to your normal lifestyle. As long as you follow after care instructions and are not excessively exposed to heat or moisture, they will last through the natural lash life cycle and fall off with the natural lash, not before. You can swim, shower and spa as usual as long as these activities are not engaged in excessively.
* Phone books and Yellow Pages
such as west elm, boden and j.crew.
In the business world, networking is very important. So when you do go out for functions, bring your business card along. You never know who you are going to meet and who may be able to give you the breath that you need. In addition to that, don’t burn bridges. After you leave your old job, your ex-colleague may be an important asset in setting up your new venture.
DREAMFARM seriously make the coolest stuff! You've heard me rave about their Pizza Scizza's and now I'm LOVING the Smood. Everten stock a whole range of Dreamfarm products, click here to find the Smood, the Pizza Scizza and many more.
Trooper ended things between us. No big drama, no huge fight. He's still an amazing man, and I still care for him very, very much. I'm having trouble letting go, and even though we never said the "L-Word," I feel very heart-broken, and as though I lost the love of my life.
Seeing this play tonight really resonated because of someone I met on New Year's Day.
we had a crop at my local michael's store, and look at all the goodies she made! i consider myself so, so, so fortunate to be able to spend time with my mother. my other siblings all live at least 8 hours away (one across the country!!) and don't get a lot of time with my parents. how blessed i am that God shook his head at me asking to move away as an adult.
9. It’s Only Money (Ballard) 4:50
- Pencil skirts & blouses
Confined in a space and a time
K: Yes. And look how few indictments were served in the end. It would have been the same without Goldstone.
Ivy Ng, senior regional analyst at CIMB Investment Bank shared the same view that Sime Darby’s provisions are bigger than what CIMB had expected. “So that is negative. Furthermore, the change of management is only marginally positive as they have not named who will be their permanent CEO,” she said.
Anyway, this whole scene – me in my favorite PJs with a flute of The Loon, sprawled out on my overpriced but much loved Restoration Hardware linen slip-covered couch getting my rom-com on? It would have been perfect if not for the nagging voice in my head of Someone who is oft heard reminding me that, “Life, cannot be a romance movie, Laura.”
So far Megan has been spared of any illness. She and Sophie share a bedroom, and on Tuesday night Megan woke up and moved herself to our bed saying that she did not want to breath in whatever Sophie was throwing up. Lucy too has not shown us any signs that she has what Jack or Sophie has, but she is “off”. We were at DuPont on Friday for an appointment with the cardiologist who specializes in arrhythmias(I’ll update in another post about this appointment), while we were there Dr. R saw our girl and ordered labs and blood and urine cultures, he agreed she does not look good and is concerned.
Paul and Debbi Brainerd learned in 1997 that over a thousand acres of land were being sold on the south end of Bainbridge Island. Debbi proposed the idea of a children's outdoor education center to teach children about the natural and cultural history of the Puget Sound region.
The best way to control rodents is to keep them out of the home in the first place. Since rodents like to hide in vegetation, your first line of defense is to trim the vegetation close to your home. Clean yards deny rodents the food and shelter they need for breeding, and they restrict a young rodent’s ability to move in. Piles of grass clippings or tree trimmings make ideal rodent harborages, so properly store and dispose of these materials. Try to leave a couple of feet of clear space between your house and any vegetation. Rodents also like to hide under woodpiles or lumber; in abandoned cars, appliances and furniture; and under trashcans. So remove and properly dispose of all junk. Store any lumber or wood on racks at least 6-inches off the ground, and away from the house exterior. Store your trash and garbage cans on racks too, or else on a concrete pad.
By the way, the small pan of extra bread rolls that I made? The next night, I reheated them in the oven. They were fluffy and absolutely delicious. These will be on our Thanksgiving table. I really hope that many of you will overcome your fear of working with yeast. There is nothing like the smell of home baked bread. I have more yeast recipes to share with you. I've been very busy with my oven, lately! As always, this recipe is at the very bottom of this post. You don't have to buy the dough improvers that I did-- though I'm sure that King Arthur Flour would love you for it. You can click to the original recipe, where substitutes are listed.
“You know as well as I do that we can’t take a child in.”
So perhaps we will soon see a sprinter or two tire of looking at the backs of Bolt and Gay and choose instead to have others looking at their backs! Becoming headline news in their own right, winning gold medals, and setting new standards of excellence in the 400 while blazing a trail to the next frontier in the sprints. The talent is there. All it will take is that leap of faith, and a change in training and some lucky sprinter could become the next Bolt - without having to beat Bolt!
GOSSIP - A Joyful Noise
my whole life long.
To be honest, the second he said, DIY lamp kit.. an idea came to me and had to be created. He just felt the same way about his idea.
But this record’s sonic appeal is more than an a collection of infantile creatures hosting guitar parties in a nose diving aircraft. It’s trippy and fuzzy, Rock N’ Roll and pop, catchy and mind warping in a 10-track collection, and it stems from the outfit’s greatest influences.
Susanne Bier, as the director, needs to be complimented for the superb convincing performances she has elicited first from Mikael Persbrandt, as the surgeon and father of the one of the boys, and then the two boys Elias (Markus Rygaard) and Christian (William Nielsen) that recall similar performances of young actors in certain films of François Truffaut and Louis Malle. Bier needs to be eqully complimented for her choice of locations that add to the veracity of the tale.
For this dessert, you start with graham crackers, vanilla pudding, and Cool Whip. Mix the pudding and Cool Whip together - then resist the urge to dive in with a spoon and eat it all up at this point ... wait for the final product ... it's worth it, I promise. Then layer this fluffy pudding mixture with the graham crackers. You just lay the whole graham cracker sheets in the pan and spread them with the pudding. How easy is that?﻿
Nikki Sivils, Scrapbooker has organized a scrapbooking supply round up for the Joplin community. THe tornadoes destroyed homes, lives, and the community but they are rebuilding! Nikki is collecting scrapbook supplies to send to victims who have lost everything. Just to help them get started.. here are the details:
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
In 1967 was released their first album, 'Tangerine Dream'. The album comprises fine psychedelic songs with experimentations and arrangements like many of the top psychedelic and early progressive bands from that age (THE BEATLES, PINK FLOYD, THE MOODY BLUES). They got lots of airplay and recorded many BBC sessions, but didn´t sell well. They eventually released more singles, like 'Jenny Artichoke', which was a success, but sold poorly, and another album, 'Faintly Blowing'. It was released in 1969, showing a progression of it's predecessor in terms of sound. Although still psychedelic, the compositions were getting more progressive. The album unfortunately failed to chart.
But you can’t see his blood
Series 3 brackets: July 3rd-July 16th
The problem with all those tried and tested means of eradicating large groups of people, is that it is almost impossible to hide what you have done from a world community, which, in the main, considers most forms of genocide to be morally unacceptable and a breach of international law.
Meister Eckhart, the Christian mystic, said that “You may call God love, you may call God goodness; but the best name for God is compassion”.
She likes to play with the cords on the mini-blinds. We don't especially want the mini-blinds to come crashing down, so we tied a string to chair. It has a bead tied on the end, in as close an appromixation of a mini-blind cord as I could conceive on short notice. She loved it.
I’m a huge fan of equal opportunity (but not so much Equal Opportunity). One of the seven Army Values is Respect. Treat your people with respect. If they earn a promotion, promote them. If they earn an award, award them. But how can you do this is you have to weight the scales to promote or award someone solely to improve your Diversity? And are we really saying that minorities can’t Be All They Can Be in today’s Army? I shudder to think so.
You can also walk into any book seller and order the book or ask your local library to order it for you.
I found out that Asshole has, not 1 but 2 aliases that he uses. I found a copy of hospital ER papers with his first name and date of birth, but someone elses last name.
and am excited to share this
- Registration fees
I had lunch with a good friend yesterday. We laughed, we vented, we encouraged, we chatted. Good friends are to be cherished.
We were in an on/off relationship until July 30.
Nintendo 3DS review
"Naptime" cut twice with the layers function selected from the Sugar and Spice Cartridge cut at 4.5 inches from floral print patterned paper
You're getting all caught up in details here. We don't need details. We need broad brush strokes of the plot, and MORE than that we need a reason to care about what happens. Right now Marine is pretty one dimensional.
Also, in terms of school food, the public schools here in Worcester (a
The next work day, I said down in the back and said, "God, I am choosing to have faith." And I called the property management company in Bellingham and told them I wanted to start early April. I told them I didn't have a place to live, but I would find one.
I'm working on putting together Out-of-Town baskets for our guests. I'm re-using old galvanized pails that we had around the house as the baskets and am planning on stuffing them with local spring water, organic juices as well as regional maps, information and locally-made treats.
and as you sleep I'll write,
The reason I'm writing this post is curiosity. I never thought I would pickup a girl on a basketball court, but it happened.
The coalition has ruled out a third Heathrow runway, and last week the transport secretary, Justine Greening, said “mixed mode” – allowing takeoffs and landings on the same runway – would also not be considered. However, Greening said the government would look at other, unspecified ways of maximising Heathrow’s capacity.
I also make a big batch of cinnamon sugar and keep it around and just use that to sprinkle on top of these. The ratios are from the original recipe, but I tend to like mine with a lot of cinnamon so I eyeball the amount I put in and taste test it.
Turns out that I could only wait 24 hours -as the very next day they were turned into cards!
About that time my wife walked out
5. Do stay away from your old office
I started out Saturday with my long run that went really well. I felt strong and even had a brief moment when I debated tacking on another mile, but thought better of it. The last thing I need is an injury! So, I stuck to the training plan’s recommended 10 miles.
The Obama administration unveiled its own plan to help the USPS this week. Under that plan, the government would return a $6.9 billion overpayment into a federal retirement program to the agency over a two-year span, while, as in the House GOP bill, USPS would transition to five-day delivery.
In the dreamland,
So....what do you think?
Today’s article is the eighth in a series of articles (1st Steve Jobs, 2nd Michael Dell, 3rd Warren Buffet, 4th Bill Gates, 5th Larry Ellison, 6th Eric Schmidt, 7th CIOs and the ideal management style), analysing current and past leaders to ascertain how Chief Information Officer’s (CIOs) can learn better management by applying the management practices of leadership, practiced by these leaders.
“Where you been man? It was all over the news before the power went out. Several gangs have started snatching women, especially the young, pretty ones and selling them for sexual pleasure. Us old bastards are going to die off fairly soon. If we do not start producing children, our species might cease to exist. A big fucking rock took out the dinos;, it looks like a smart microscopic bug might be the end of us. Some groups like ours that have no women of child bearing age or ability probably will not last many more years without children. Other gangs been selling people to the cannibals. If you have any women in your group, protect them because women are becoming rare, and a highly prized commodity. Looters been breakin’ into homes just to snatch women. Even the rumor of a young, pretty woman is enough to cause some of these gangs to attack.”
Technically neither did Maurice Greene when he defended his World title at the next World Championships in Seville in the 100 meters. Greene began competition in both the 100 and 200 at Nationals but withdrew from the 100 final in order to focus on earning a spot to Seville in the 200 meters. He did so with the knowledge that he already had spot in Seville in the 100 no matter what happened in the 100 final – because he was already in as the defending champ holding the Wild Card. So Greene focused on the 200 team – and made it.
a good night's sleep.
Few minutes later
we are not losing ground.
The second half of the week is a period of severe persecution. This period of time will last for “time, times, and a half”. The Hebrew word for “time” is “mô‛êd”, which also can mean “a year”. Nearly every commentator who analyzes Daniel’s 70 week prophecy agrees that “time, times, and a half” means 3 ½ years. Therefore, a “prophetic week” is a seven (prophetic) year period.
Please check for the customer reviews & ratings of Da-Lite Floor Model C, Portable Heavy Duty Projection Screen, 9′ x 12′, 15′ Diagonal, Matte White Surface on the merchant’s site by visit the link below.
in sleep, and sink in good oblivion,
So can as shit, although as we see below, it starts to get a little awkward before an attributive adjective. That’s probably due to long adjective phrases in general not sounding so good before the nouns they modify.
*** This contest is a replacement of Miss Gay competition which brought criticisms from churches and so with local residents.
See below for finishing instructions.
Until the global economy pulls itself out of the malaise and greed that has rendered itself ineffective from buying American products and the College graduates do the same then our economy will not rebound at a more progressive rate regardless of what Mitt Romney and the Republicans try to convince us, otherwise. To compare this recovery with that of Reagan’s is to compare apples and oranges.
I pray that I haven’t lost the reader while I’ve tried to make sense of Arceneaux’s exhibition. I have to admit that I’m lost myself. In the midst of this tangle of meanings, looped and folding interpretations, red herrings and trap doors, I wanted to know the point of all of it – assuming that there is a point! I had fun chasing these symbols, but I need more. I want to give Arceneaux the benefit of the doubt in this show because of talent he has shown in the past, but I ultimately had problems with the show.
Offer to write a column or feature article for a local paper or a specialized magazine. You will probably be working for free, but consider the work you put into this as a vehicle for advertising yourself. Your name is your brand and your brand gives your product credibility. Do whatever seems to make sense in getting yourself and your product known.
So my questions to you today are:
Well, Dr. M asked if anyone in the group swore besides her, and I said yes. She then told me she would make an effort to stop swearing in the group as she could understand my feelings. Yay! It seemed like the group was receptive when I was able to speak in I statements and effectively communicate my concerns.
So finally they were ready to go and our Christmas was officially postponed. M-t-G was not happy about leaving all the rest of her presents at our house. I promised to bring all the things from Santa and all the other presents to her house on Sunday evening without fail. She sort of accepted that but there were a few tears shed. (What did we expect? She is just 9 years old!)
Language:Hindi
If he’d have been sorted I’m sure he’d have been
The law is supposedly in effect, but I don’t think can be applied to anyone who already had their visa. Meanwhile, Russian Consulates around the world have not been uniformly notified, so foreigners currently trying to settle visa questions are being given a variety of answers. It is going to take some investigating to obtain clearer answers. But within a year, as one-year visas begin to expire, a lot of foreigners in Russia will be thinking about what to do next.
So, small odd man finally turned three recently - he'd had enough of being two. I thought perhaps a birthday card was in order, along with copious amounts of cake, and set to with a lovely Mo.
Armed only with a souvenir wine glass, plastic 'fife' (fork + knife hybrid), event program and near-hysterical-excitement, we launched straight into the locust swarm of enthusiastic food lovers buzzing from booth to booth.
I do love to immerse myself in a good book.
not knowing where mama is
Oh man, things are rough when you don't even have a picture up on IMDB... but luckily for you, and one .05 Google search, I found this:
Like just about everyone, I absolutely LOVE bus scrolls and especially vintage ones! BUT my budget does not stretch to the prices of them. My budget also doesn't really stretch to a cheaper customised print of a Bus Roll these days, either.
Basil. (bay-sill)
A few days in I finished the notebook I started when I began the course and had to start writing in a new one. The new notebook is also A4 paper, but the lines are a lot closer together, so there are far more lines, and thus far more writing is required in order to fill 3 pages worth. I’m fine with this – it feels right to be intensifying the process round about now. I was getting too comfortable with the old way.
5. It was originally thought that the Sea Devils would also appear in this episode but it was just The Silurians mask that they were wearing in the Series 5 trailer.
And God will generously provide all you need. Then you will always have everything you need and plenty left over to share with others.
Armadillo Dreams - High quality handmade wooden toys. Armadillo Dreams is a husband/wife shop. Everything they sell is made from natural materials, is friendly for little hands and is handmade with love! They believe it's important for children to have high quality, natural, simple toys that they can dream, imagine and play with. They know it's hard to find wooden toys on a budget, so they're working hard to keep their prices low.
Simply put, the value of a good does not depend on the number of labor hours put into the good. To succumb to this error is to fall into Communism. And we have the Church to thank for supporting and defending through the centuries this theory.
Right, friday means Simply Sassy day. But only 2 more times, then we'll have a christmas break...
Scallops!
Paper/Jewels/Lace: Glitz Design
3) Go with the flow.
tear as I was stretching.
Zombies are fun because it can be such a great metaphor when done well. As in The Forest of Hands and Teeth, they reflect fear, of choices and life. Zombies are also the greater world; sometimes scary, sometimes threatening, but they should never be an obstacle to friendship, to family, to love, to happiness.
This scene is a premonition of the way that Angharad — who is the only parishioner to storm out of the church, enraged by this display of cruelty disguised as religion — will later be treated by the town in which she grew up. Angharad loves Mr. Gruffydd, but their relationship is not meant to be, and instead Angharad marries the wealthy son of the mine owner and moves to South Africa. Her wedding is contrasted against the marriage of her brother Ivor (Patric Knowles) to Bronwyn earlier in the film. At Ivor and Bronwyn's wedding, the mood is joyful and ecstatic, with the bride and groom running through the town surrounded on all sides by revelers enthusiastically throwing rice, smiling and singing. At Angharad's wedding, the bride is grim and stoic, and her expression is matched by many in the crowd; though the groom at least is smiling, this is a joyless affair, and the singing only starts when Mr. Morgan shames the crowd, made up of men who have been beaten down and mistreated by the mine owners, into singing for his daughter's marriage. When Angharad later returns to town without her husband, it's no surprise, but she's not greeted with any joy then either: though no one cheered her marriage's beginning, they now flood the streets with vicious rumors about divorce, unfaithfulness and scandal centering on Angharad and Mr. Gruffydd, even though nothing has happened between them. There is another church "meeting," and again the viciousness and ugliness of traditional values are exposed.
From historical point of view, it is not possible to explain the expansion of islam in such a short time other than muslims going on a conquest mission. This too is clear from the way muhammad told his followers to wage wars. He told them to invite people to islam as first things. If they accept leave them alone. if they refuse give them choice of jiziya=polltax or protection money. If they agree , do not wage war on them unless they break the treaty. Failing both, attack them but ensure you do not kill women and children or old folk etc nor damage any of their things eg crop or trees and other valuable. This he did not do out of kindness but to ensure that goods for booty were not damaged as they will lose value in that case. For the same reasons he asked masters to look after their slave so that they are more productive and useful.
My Mom brought over this new cleaning towel for me to try called the "Ultimate Cleaning Cloth" from the Shopping Channel. Want to know why these rock? You don't need a drop of cleaning solution with them to use. You just wet the cloth and clean. My favourite use is for my new stainless steel appliances that seem to have little itty bitty finger prints on them. My taps are now all shiny and my mirrors streak free. After cleaning with it you pop it in the wash and hang to dry and keep using them. Anything to reduce chemicals in my home is a bonus. Just had to share. xo Linds
There ARE levels now with Jesus in the mix – those who have a relationship with God (who find their identity in Jesus) and those who have no relationship with God (who find their identity in themselves). Acts is telling the story of those who have a relationship with God, and God is carefully reminding them in very different ways that without Jesus they are on the same level as ALL people. It is God through Jesus who has made us who we are as the church.
Though they horrified virtue, genius, glory
I shared with her that I too got hurt really bad from a close friend/family member. I literally had to choose to forgive that person. Love them from a distance. Wait. Pray. Pray some more. Forgive - over and over. Not jump to conclusion - due to the fact that this "hurt" all stemmed from here say. That fine grey line of gossip is a horrible thing.
The agent was focused on the case, unlike the others, and he stood out from the others & from the rest of the people in town; he just did not fit in with/in D, but he did not seem to care, and his focus was on solving the case.
Likewise, the more magical energy they draw from their own life-forces, the more exhausted they become. It’s not unheard of for an egomancer to pass out after casting a particularly complex spell, and if they’re careless, or forced to by some outside agency, they can even fully deplete their own life energies, at which point they simply fall over dead.
A few months down the road, though, it was time to flip the mattress. There are clouds less comfortable than my mattress, but its softness belies the fact that it is dense and cumbersome– like a large, drunken boy. Once again, I was hellbent on doing this myself. Who wants to be the new girl that calls up someone they’re just starting to hang out with and be like, “Hey! Wanna come flip my mattress and then go grab some margaritas?” It just feels like an awkward pick-up line told in reverse.
Where did it all go wrong? My career as a television star, I mean.
These early embryos will not be transplanted into a woman’s womb because they will be deemed experimental material, but will either be frozen or allowed to perish.
Have your child help with folding laundry, sweeping floors etc.
Now, wasn't that fun? Sure it was. Really, it was. Yes I know the man yelled at you. Yes I know Voices kept staring at you and it was creepy. It was fun because I said it was, ok? Now hurry up and get back on the bus before the cyborgs ask to check our ID implants.
That's the experience I'm hoping to give my Wirral workshop group - lending them my eyes - unfamiliar with their territory, and helping them to shape their thoughts and experiences into a set of linked, blogged fictions about Wirral and not-Wirral. They're a group with vastly differing experiences of writing, blogging, working collaboratively and using the internet as well as the real world to make fiction. I'm not sure yet how it's going to work out but I'm looking forward to finding out.
1225. Lobster Roll @ The Tiny Seafood Market on the Main Road Through Brigantine (Brigantine, NJ) 12:41 p.m.
Currently, only 49 Representatives belong to the Caucus. To put that in some perspective, 344 Congressional districts are home to at least one small brewery and we assume every one of the 435 districts is home to homebrewers and beer enthusiasts.
I gazed at it with a stupid smile on my face, not certain if it was some kind of joke or a strange cultural thing I wasn't getting (my boyfriend's family was Filipino and one time they gave me what looked like a green lifesaver on a chain that I later found out was a Filipino good luck charm). Apparently, it wasn't either, which was made obvious by the many pictures they were taking, ooohing and ahhing over the black and white wonder.
N: Nincompoop – one of my favourite insults “Duh, you nincompoop!” – effective no?
Now keep on crawling and make sure to check out each DT member's blog for more inspiration. There will be a Grand Prize up for grabs at FCCB for one participant who links up a "Save the Earth" project at FCCB!
What are some of your favorite Lenten meals? Feel free to share them in the comments or link to your own Lenten meal posts!
Peace to all,
Edit: Here's another video from a different angle, that I have seen posted elsewhere
I was saddened to read the Mitt Romney has accepted the resignation of his recently appointed foreign policy advisor, Richard Grenell. I am not so much saddened because I believe that Mr. Grenell was the best possible man for the position as much as I was dismayed and disappointed that once again Romney has shown that he has neither the character, the ethic nor the balls to be a leader.
Fracking and Its Impact on Groundwater: Lessons From Alberta
It’s almost incredible to think that a mother and daughter could be driven to such hellish extremes by a disease that is not fatal. Lynn Gilderdale had ME. But Lynn’s extraordinary and distressing story takes few people acquainted with ME (myalgic encephalopathy), also known as CFS (chronic fatigue syndrome), by surprise. If nothing else, it illustrates the despair that ME/CFS engenders.
I will not pay this charlatan the respect of addressing her assertion that Britain has no indigenous population because “the Neanderthals got here first” other than to say that so did the Velociraptors and what the hell have Neanderthals got to do with indigenous human beings you stupid fake?
What follows is an admittedly stylish fight scene, with both using a variety of voids to fight. It’s pretty cool.
at The Corson Cottage. We truly appreciate all of you so much.
Their doors are shut in the evening; and they know no songs.
i'm not leaving the good ole u.s. of a.
50 Red MINI Round Brads (brads are packaged in an adornments case)
The real-ness of this Diry's contents, their leisurely presentation, and the small details that only a child would notice endow this installment with a subtle humor that reserves its belly-laugh moments for the second page. The butcher's comments to Lulu, and Tubby's actions during his visit to Lulu's sickbed, are delightfully funny. "He drank the whole bottle of sweet medicin because it was sweet."
a. Deviate
Speaking to CNN’s Showbiz TonightTV programme, Olivia said she would be sort-of all right if the powers that be chose to remake the legendary musical but only if Taylor Swift could play the role of Sandy. Well, either Taylor or Olivia’s own flesh and blood.
"Momma is German," Tom muttered.
entwined.
So I decided to have a go at painting with acrylics, I hadn’t used acrylics before and I thought it would be nice to have a play with them.
Just shy of 14, while at a mission’s retreat, I was encouraged to seek God for His direction of the future. God whispered into my uncertain spirit “Africa,” with the focus on a country that started with a specific letter, “Z.”
The game gets really insane in some of the later levels, and you'll find yourself playing this for hours on end and not even realize it.
Paired with 2010 Prieure de Montezargues Tavel Rosé, France
Pre-game, on the porch gardening and hanging out with Katie and Lily:
The other day no less than two well known blogs (Grognardia and Jeff’s Game Blog) posted about a gentleman named Paul Crabaugh, who wrote some interesting articles for Dragon Magazine (and some others) in the early 80’s. I knew Paul a little from my youth playing games at Aero Hobbies in Santa Monica, so I thought I would do a post about him myself since the name is getting bandied about.
This earthly life become the life divine.
When we got to the plantation we were treated to a small cup of punch, then boarded a jitney (tractor pulled wagon) for our tour. Every couple of minutes the driver stopped and told us about the plants we saw. He was assisted by two other men, who jumped on the jitney when it was moving. I happened to be sitting in the middle of the wagon right next to one of the assistants, who pointed out things to me as we drove by. This working plantation grew a wide variety of plants: bananas, coconut, plantains, sugar cane, pineapple, cocoa beans, guava, limes, and allspice.
And let’s just put the icing on the cake. Was Jared Loughner a conservative or was he a liberal? Let’s ask the liberal “newspaper of record,” a.k.a. The New York Times:
All hell broke loose! One of my girlfriends ran off to her sister. An argument broke out. My sister was sucked in. Threats were made. And gasp! There was talk of that horror of horrors! Calling in the PARENTS!
Mr McCully has told Pacific Beat in talks with the Deputy Prime Minister, Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum in the absence of Commodore Bainimarama there were brief discussions about the make up of a new political party in Fiji, founded by the current military regime.
Add milk mixture to the flour and forms into soft dough.
Hello my long lost bloggy friends. It has been forever since my last post. My mom always said if you don't have anything nice to say say nothing at all. So I took her advice for once in my life ;). Well school has been going for a little over a month. I thought life would be less chaotic. Well was I wrong it seems like I live out of my car these days. We have therapy 2 days of the week, scouts once a week, tumbling once a week, activity days once a month, and our random Dr.'s and dentist appointments. But my kids don't think that's enough because we make a trip to the ER at least once a month it seems like.we had some visitors in September and it was way fun to have them. I am still sad to see them go. Usually you are sad to see them leave but glad to get back to your routine. Not me I am so sad for them to leave I don't know how I have managed doing this without them. My mom helped with the house work, grandma entertained the kids, and Krystal entertained me and helped with the kids. We had so much fun together.
Does your iPhone battery die all.the.time like mine? Not near a charger? Have no fear! Buy this bad boy and your life will be changed. You can thank me later! (You charge it via a USB on your PC and just carry it in your purse. Gives up to a 3 hour charge.)
If you are wondering why we were so cavalier about running around in a weather event that obviously had to be a tornado, it is partially because we built a concrete house. The core of the entire structure (both levels) consists of eight inches of steel-reinforced concrete. Our entire house is a tornado shelter. The fact that I built a concrete storm shelter inside of my concrete house should tell you something about the planning-overkill genes I inherited from my mother (Thank You Mom!).
Robert Pastorelli (Striking Distance)
Back to Ezra's question. I'm living my dream.
its all that matters,
4. How to sew.
My wonderful friend Tristi Pinkston teamed up with authors Brett Kitchen and Ethan Kap and wrote this neat little financial book for women.
Isn't my boy a brilliant actor? LOL! Joe has adopted the dinosaur from his brother and is apparantly now a pirate, with a Dinorot permanently on his shoulder. You will have to go watch the show yourself to understand.
William J. Dimmling, 47, Garden City, N.Y.
Voters just need to access the poll page through The Local Taphouse website/blog and nominate their personal top 5. From these a Top 100 will be ranked and listed on Australia Day 2011. There are no hard and fast rules except that beers must be chosen from product available this year from any brewer other than the two Big Houses (Fosters and Lion Nathan) in either draught or bottled form. The hard part for most will be choosing only five beers.
The site has recently been cleared of debris and undergrowth by offenders carrying out Community Service, who also designed the interpretation boards on site, to reveal what remains of the buildings – mostly constructed in beautifully crafted coursed flintwork. Remnants of tiled floors and slate damp-proof courses can be seen, together with a concrete slab in what was the Stationmaster’s house, complete with cat paw-prints from the day it was cast – an extraordinary snapshot in time.
* Possible “collateral” for funding this team is my invention for alternative-renewable energy, which would revolutionize the energy industry, especially as it is related to transportation.
P.S. Previously I have translated “Ju bëftë mirë” as Bon Appétit, but the literal translation is “May it nourish you!” So, Ju bëftë mirë!!!
Which export commodities of Vietnam are easily subject to anti-dumping petitions and what should enterprises do in the case of being sued?
From Ben:
Finish by dipping her at the hotel entrance, kissing her softly, and wishing her sweet dreams.
Three elements of this case distinguish it from its high-profile criminal counterparts. First, the behavior and statements of the students’ own professors were cited as grounds for a change of venue—an action all but unprecedented in modern American criminal law. Second, blogs have played an important (and, I would argue, helpful) role. Third, the 24-hour cable news networks seized upon the case from the start, and have continued commentary more sporadically thereafter.
Again, I said “I have no idea.” But this time, roughly at the same time as I responded, a guy in a uniform passed by the table and he says, “Because planes don’t have reverse.”, and he had a big grin on his face. I have no idea who he was or what his role was at the airport, but his explanation made total sense. I mean, it seems like it would be MUCH easier to build a plane without the reverse function.
Wednesday 28 March 2012
kenfrost.hk
You've received your hotel confirmation, your dinner reservations are secure and you have found the perfect pair of shoes to compliment your favorite little black dress. But are you truly ready for this Valentine's weekend getaway?
Your funny, funny feathers
Playing along when I’m playing alone
"I suppose I've done some funny things along the way like A Winter's Tale, you know, which... errm... OK, I've just done 'em!"
As long as the preeminent position of US imperialism brought home super-profits after WWII, infrastructure, education, technology and industry (particularly the military-industrial complex) created a high demand for labor. Rising wages increasingly came with labor peace, enabling the labor bureaucracy to transform itself into a self-perpetuating dues collection agency that acted in its own interests, abandoning class conflict for the “rational” road of arbitration, lawsuits, legislation, and buying politicians.
It does appear that they are trying to do something to stop it.
Because Greg isn’t here.
Phase I – November 2011 (29 days) – Minimum Viable Product (MVP) Development focus
created by David H. Everett/Chicken Lips
Wayne's not only does the hot dogs properly, but they have a big screen tv on which to display Cubs' games while stuffing them down. In future visits, I'm going to be scouting for Chicago natives in hopes of learning how to eat the damn things without getting onions all over my shirt. I think there must be some secret for the angle of attack . . .
I was pretty sure of it. It was the end of my world. Reality had a new meaning.
I took a quick trip down memory lane to reflect upon some highlights from The Beasties’ corpus of work.
I decided to go with water colouring....... bit of a stretch for me.........but I was determined to give it a go. So I bought watercolour pencils (they are so lovely I didn't want to use them LOL), and a water-colour sketch pad.
The Lakeside daisies are particularly special. They only bloom in a limited number of locations on or near the Marblehead Peninsula in northwest Ohio. In addition, their buttery blooms only last a week before they begin to fade. If you want to see them in person, you had better make tracks to the Lakeside Daisy Nature Preserve near Marblehead. My wife and I were there Sunday, and the preserve was a splash of yellow against the dull limestone gray ground.
They wrote a book of bullshit
And it feels great. :)
It was getting dark and there was no sign of the rain stopping. He boiled some eggs and made himself a huge mug of coffee.
“It’s not their fault because they just haven’t been taught basic grammar at school, so I like to help them along and teach them myself.”
DON'T USE A SIMILE IF YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO USE IT PROPERLY, DAMNIT.
After calling for an ambulance, I painfully made my way into the back to find Betty. She sat on the rocking chair, asleep and unaware of what had just happened. I walked away from her and back to the front of the restaurant. The front wall was torn away completely, leaving the restaurant open to the wind and snow. I walked through the space in the building and out to my truck. I got my first aid kit out of my glove compartment and tried to patch myself up as well as I could. I walked back into the restaurant and sat down on one of the few remaining chairs. I soon fell asleep.
Since Anna is a bit older and more into the spirit of things, we’ve introduced the Elf on the Shelf phenomenon into our house. The only difference is the elf we’re using was a free one that someone gave us last year, and we don’t have the book. I made up poem in place of the actual story. I think it explains it well enough.
So for all you PETA types out there, I have just one thing to say:
The complete statewide schedule for iBudget Florida implementation is as follows:
a shirt & a pair of shorts & we are done! He is simple. Gone are the days
BAHAHA. I’m pretty sure I fell off my chair laughing at this joke, mostly because it’s true. My mom really does say “surprise” like that, along with the rest of my Asian relatives. In my mind, this joke isn’t “racist” because it’s true!
And now, from the vantage point of the southern lookout on the top of Mt. Erie, you can see the rest of Fidalgo Island below, including Campbell Lake (with the island within the lake–a rare thing to have an island within an island!), and beyond, the northern tip of Whidbey Island.
Everyone is holding their breath and delaying doing anything drastic until the King is back. Reports vary, some say he is expected Monday, others say Wednesday. Either way, whatever he does when he gets back will decide the fate of our country. In my opinion, the least he can do is draw up and announce a clear succession that will carry the throne from the brothers’ generation into their sons’. As this is an area of great concern and instability for Saudis because we fear that without a clear and public succession, we might have a civil war between factions of the ruling family. King Abdullah should name names such as heir1 then heir2 then heir3…etc so that the fifth or sixth is a ten or twelve year old. Thus stability is maintained fifty years into the future. Another thing that needs to be done is to aggressively fight corruption and promote transparency and accountability for everyone no matter who they are. If these two issues are taken care of as soon as he gets off the plane, then I predict that things just might calm down and a lot of people won’t be so anxious for change. If not, then the campaign above will just grow bigger and bigger and many more will crop up until eventually the Saudi people will cross the revolution threshold.
'Twould not be you, Niagara - nor you, ye limitless prairies - nor your huge rifts of canyons, Colorado,
Harper trilogy (Pern)
Meanwhile, melt you chocolate in the microwave or double boiler according to the directions on the package.
In Mallorca, the natives would give names to people based on their appearance and demeanor like the Native Americans did. Margaret was aptly named “Little Horse” because she was always galloping up and down the streets in her boots, tall and strong and elegant.
As promised by the size of Eric’s throbbing member…this issue of The Gracious Plenty definitely lives up to it’s reputation! It’s big, full of fun; creates many pleasant memories and passionate emotions within you!
Soli Deo Gloria (To God Be All Glory).
While looking to find a large diaphragm microphone, I was looking at the TeleFunken R-T-F m16 that retails for $ 1700.00 dollars and it is said to sound close to a C12. While researching this mic, I found out that Telefunken did nothing more than re-label the Apex 460 and put the high price tag on it. As the article indicates TeleFunken decided to change it’s “Bad” to the TeleFunken R-T-F m16 MKii by doing a few factory Pimp Mods!. The microphone was basicly replace by the “Copperhead” to remove the bad taste from the entire issue!
I do think it's fair to say that they fulfilled parts of me........
Character Generation
What does love mean to you?
The third cover, left, is one of the last 'full page' images. I was quite pleased with it as it was again a very fast cover.
Druidry really isn’t a fair-weather path, something to do when you ‘get a minute’. It’s constant, lived, breathed, investigating your personal connection and relationship with the world around all the time. And let’s face it, if anywhere/one needs it, it’s the worker, the ‘wage-slave’, the office and the streaming multitude of lonely commuters.
George W. Bush took 977 days off, which not only blew Reagan’s record away, it set a benchmark no one will ever surpass — Bush spent the equivalent of more than two and a half years away from the office.
So when we get the actual BARB figures in 10 days time we'll see, but right now I can't tell!
Describe a normal "writing" workday.
7. Any mentors/ teachers you’d like to give a shout out to?
Keeps on going anyway…
One thing coming up for those who missed the great Town Hall discussion with Egan (or those who want to relive it again and again): the event will be shown on the Seattle Channel (cable Channel 21), the station that keeps on giving. The Berger/Egan evening will air first on March 26 at 9:20 am and again at 4 pm. And then it will be in rotation for a few days, or longer. You can find the schedule here. It is also available for online viewing at your convenience on the Seattle Channel website. It is well known that once you are on the Seattle Channel and their Website you are permanently part of Seattle's collective unconscious. That is why Maximum Leader Greg Nickels will be with us forever.
It wasn't odd to have two or three 'best' friends.
I walked on in the evening darkness, and the suburb I entered became more and more quiet.
He’s wrong in blaming them for his actions, but his point is one that resonates with me as I also would have “taken that fucking computer and Sidekick away a long time ago.” Where is the line? I can’t find it, but I know for me personally, it was crossed well before now.
I have a journal in which I write down thoughts and ideas for my writing. Right now they are almost entirely concerned with my work in progress named Wavering Libations. I think this would be a great place to post some of the more potent pieces from the journal.
- Book apps: Narrelle Harris examines how to make money from digital publications. Good idea given that Uncle Rupert said last week that newspapers may not be around in 10 to 20 years because of competition on the internet. Harris pitched an idea for an app called Melbourne Literary to an American company and had it published. It isn’t clear how much money she’s making from it, just that she hasn’t sold as many copies as Angry Birds. Book apps are worth considering although I suspect there will soon be as many apps out there as blogs. Drawing attention to your app would be a major hurdle.
They have been the best defensive pair in the EPL so far. They have been solid at the back creating trouble for strikers upfront. Their strong physical game needs to be showcased, if they are to win their second trophy of the season. Liverpool has conceded only 38 goals this season, one of the best defensive records for the season. Liverpool would depend on this defensive pair a great deal to stop the threat that would come from Drogba, Torres and co.
Read more about that here:
Daiya really does it right in this case. It’s not all that spicy, but it’s got the perfect blend of slightly spiced and garlicy. It’s smooth and creamy with a tart little bite that cheese, as I remember it, always had. I used to eat havarti and super, extra sharp cheddar because I like that bite in cheeses. I have to look no further than this.
Any couple would wonder aloud if they would do it all again given hindsight. With all that's gone on in our lives, Tish and I both said yes. We're in this thing for life.
2/3 cup butter, softened
Caleb actually got to do PFTs for the first time at this visit. I don't think he had a clue what he was doing. But the more practice the better. I will try to get a video of Ethan doing them in June, so all the internet world can see him blowing and working his lungs like mad.
The disciples healed the sick… Matthew 10:7-8… (KJV) “And as ye go, preach, saying, The Kingdom of heaven is at hand. Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.” The true disciple of Christ is the same now as then. John 8:31 says, “If ye continue in My word, then are ye My disciples indeed.”
Driving Miss Daisy
The pastoral life he and his ancestors have been leading has endowed him with a happy-go-lucky disposition. Some call him lazy and sluggish because he has plenty of time at his disposal and "counts ten" before acting. Others might call that disposition a realization of his necessities, and his chosen method of providing for them.
At home, you get to clean for days in advance and then cook and clean up after your guests and hope that they will one day leave.
Kelp also reduces cholesterol levels by inhibiting bile acid absorption. The diuretic effect of kelp is beneficial to an irritated or infected bladder since it helps to flush out harmful bacteria.
There could be a road that everyone drives once a year, or a footpath, that perfectly frames the changing constellations above – but only on the night of the summer solstice. Guidebooks could be produced; people could come from all over the country; when you're in a bad mood you could walk the path the wrong way...
Every day, a soldier is either fighting or dying for it. Every day, the government preaches to us that without these wars we would not have it. It seems however, that everywhere you turn someone or some group is trying to take it away. This entity I am speaking of is our freedoms. One in particular that I want to emphasize is the Freedom of Speech, the First Amendment to the Constitution.
I also liked the look of Casa Cocina Y Cantina at the far end of the plaza - a chic, modern looking space serving custom tacos/burritos/bowls/salad (build your own - choosing from their list of proteins, salsas etc.) - that's next on my list. Pretty good deal for the type of space - with prices starting from $6.95-$7.95 for base entrees. Go back at the end of day for happy hour with $4-$8 drinks weekdays, and $2 tacos on Tuesdays!
The ONLY rule is, you have to commit to lighting someone up if even for a second. And in return, I guarantee your heart will become full in return.
Nathan first got my attention with some Opening Day Dodgers. This is when Opening Day first came out, so you know how long I've been sitting on these cards.
For the past five days, I've been struggling to think of some words to write about these muffins that would convince you that you need to try them. Here's what I came up with:
Please join us for the Annual General Meeting of the Halifax Library Association on Wednesday, May 5, 2010. The event will take place in room P208 at the Port Campus, NSCAD University, and begin at 6:00pm. Come and enjoy floor to ceiling views of Halifax Harbour and George’s Island as well as light refreshments. All in attendance will be eligible for door prizes – you won’t want to miss it!
"Oh, I really liked it," she replied, "especially the tight pants and all the big muscles. But I just couldn't understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents."
Victim: Clematis 'The President'
I don't remember where I got this recipe from (is it Aunt Judy??) however I've had it forever and it sort of tastes like a nice rib dinner with very little fuss.
So tomorrow Albertans go to the polls. I hope more will go this time than last. In 2008, only 41% of eligible voters cast ballots. I didn’t vote in the last election because I wasn’t living here, so I couldn’t. But low voter turnout in any election in this country puzzles me. We as a nation have fought for democracy for ourselves and for others around the globe, yet many Canadians do not take advantage of it come election time. I wish more people would care enough to do the right thing and vote. I wish more people would care enough to sacrifice one little hour to contribute to making decisions that directly impact our future.
Patel said the document also called for a broad pact between business, labour and government.
In a chilling parallel to Zimbabwe, white South African farmers and home owners using justified lethal force against armed attackers, are instantly arrested and disarmed. When taking the aforesaid into account, one needs to consider the following:
Eat whatever, whenver they want, because I'm that dad.
Here is a little secret, Stampin' Up! will be retiring the whole Decor Elements line starting April 25th. This makes me kind of sad because I do like creating with these pieces!! Make sure to order the ones you love before they are gone and since these will be on the Retiring Accessories List they will be a first come first serve basis.
Lamphun Governor Surachai Khanarsa said he had declared 287 villages as forestfire control zones to prevent the fires from worsening air quality.
Further proof that requiring parents to undergo parenting classes (much as many states require a gun ownership course or a drivers test) and obtain a license before attempting conception is a good, responsible way of preventing irresponsible idiots from producing offspring. In order to get the license, there should be a committed couple (two parents of either gender) with a civil union or marriage license, means testing (including the future ability to maintain a current standard of living that exceeds the poverty level or better), academic testing (for literacy and competency), and mental health screening (including testing for genetic/autochemical deficiency illnesses like bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, etc.).
Hope that you are doing well and thanks for reading!
for any fisherman, fisherboy, or fishergirl in your life.
Sound: English and Spanish Dolby Digital 5.1, English Dolby Digital 2.0
They are running out of money. They are being cut off.
And The Art Institute professors don’t take a look at the in-coming graduate students and say, 'pee eww! Let’s not let them in.' They have to and so we now have a system of perpetuating venues that devolves into mediocrity. No one hires some one more qualified then they are.
into my past
Mage, Level 2 (High), Sigil of Asuryan, Dragonbane Gem
1) Noma (Copenhagen, Denmark)
Finally, and most importantly, this is the first bottle of Wine that I have purchased that actually comes from “The Motherland”…..the land of my birth….. the great state of Oregon!
My skin has been unusually dry and itchy lately, and it was getting to the point that I was scratching my face constantly throughout the day and I was a little worried that I might wear through my cheeks. I had to do something.
Et voila - Your juice shall now be ready.
The shoes in that photo are my Fluevogs, and I walked the mile to work in the sunny sunshine today in those and these great soft angora socks.
The jury is still out on that one....
in this nation
The "sample" is of course laughable and provides no basis for generalizing to any known population. Its representativeness is unknown. If the findings suggest any inferences at all, they may tell us that only dumb conservatives need to go to community colleges but even some smart Leftists need to, perhaps because they were less conscientious during their high school studies.
I am more resolute because all have denied me than I could ever have
Get up, stand up
Review copy
I think that depends if you mean abduction of a child or abduction of two law-abiding senior citizens crazy enough to wave at a kid. — Lenore
Last week was spring break and we were home. A lot. My everyday routine was drastically changed. I wondered what mine would be to do. I wondered what I should do with my extra time. Last Friday at 3:40, on my way home from school, I realized mine to do this week was to love my kids. First. Before everything else. Just as they are.
Nuala Ní Chonchúir's début novel tells the tale of a young girl who interprets the life she and her siblings inhabit in their urban gothic surroundings with simple yet insightful prose. Set against the ominous and symbolic backdrop of the River Liffey, You contrasts the seeming simplicity of the girl's conclusions about her eventful life with the deeper and more complex ramifications of her mother's behaviour.
The Schwinn Breeze is your straight forward one speed beach cruiser. Accents like two tone paint, and Grenadine Red/Orange tires make this bike a real head turner. Rear racks are also standard this year.
Everyone wants, at some point in the day, at some places in the home, to be left alone. The colonists who fought the war of secession from Great Britain were no different. But that war and the wish to keep the government at bay had been heightened by the colonial experiences involved in the enforcement of the Stamp Act.
The surds are the boatmen of Methuselah, Uri said I heard
Honestly, this upset a few people.
Well apparently it becomes a matrix of crew skills, the comprehension of meteorology and resulting effects, vessel integrity, speed, safety and preventative maintenance and mostly many gumption.
Where elections figure so largely in political life as they do in Malaysia, where they dominate the popular public political imagination, elections — the electoral system, its routines and processes — cannot be anything less than unquestionable, “squeaky clean”, bersih.
Please note that I am writing this tutorial for a me-sized belt – i.e., one that will fix a waist of approximately 26″-28″. If you need your belt to be larger or smaller, you will need to adjust the elastic (and possibly the pattern pieces) accordingly.
I have the suspicion that if parents choose to completely feel their feelings, and choose to feel what was coming up inside of them when their kid wanted to do something that mentally triggered them into either saying no or wanting to control, then the need to bully our kid into submission would not be occurring on the level it is.
My question today is how well do you relate to your co-workers and your manager?
A refrain or two later, Elton sings, "What do I do when lightening strikes me?"
3) Fry until the shrimps are cooked and the liquid are about dry. (Let the fillings be a bit moist)
Lady Hannah soundlessly floated to the window, her jeweled slippers barely touching the floor and her long gown wafting behind her. Panther’s mother never unveiled her fairy powers in the human world, for they made it difficult for her to interact with others. Tonight was an exception. Hannah’s gossamer wings nervously unfurled, like a pair of dainty rose petals.
Islamic claims that the Danish state had no authority were hardly a novelty in Denmark, following on as naturally as they did from the universalist claims of the Shari’a. However, native Danes were also becoming increasingly vocal in their complaints that the entire apparatus of state had failed to carry out its most basic responsibilities to the people it was elected to serve. From trenchant criticisms of decades of Danish immigration policy to the huge jump in gun purchases and the formation of informal militias, there was suddenly an abundance of evidence supporting the notion that Danes now viewed their government as an incompetent blunderer at best, an active enabler of Islamization at worst.
My Groupie by Thee Martian Boyfriends
So no, I won't torture you with a run-down of all the things I miss from my childhood (leg-warmers, big hair, and hammer pants . . . yeah, go google that if you don't know what I'm talking about. You won't regret it). BUT, I will tell you that when I discovered packs of Garbage Pail Kids at the local Five Below, I snatched some up. Double packs, because I knew I'd have to share these with my bloggy friends.
Some – gone for good from Gainey’s former good ship.
Happy Easter everyone. I’ve been thinking about stuff this weekend, as people often do. And I don’t want to brag or anything, but I think I’ve discovered the meaning of life. But that’s for another time.
My observation on the back: I wonder if he participated in his hobby while working at the Elks?
However, a security guard who was involved in the chase, then shot this man -thus saving the citizen's life, said Wiese. Mr Hugo Minnaar of the Lifemed ambulance service said paramedics still tried to resuscitate the gunman on the scene, but he died.
Pegram UMC (477 Thompson Road)
Bernadette stepped off to break the bad news to those who would not be able to catch this bus. “Sorry ladies and gentlemen, the bus is full at maximum capacity! !Lo Siento pero el autobus esta en capacito maximo!” A pair of migrant workers sat back down on the bench to wait while a middle age pair sporting mops of peroxide instantly began shouting about tax dollars. Hipster college kids continued turning each others necks into a canvas of black and blue bruises while their third wheel went back to her collection of Keats. Beside the migrant workers sat sad Death draped in Greta's skin. The creak of Mattie's closet screamed matched by more prickling heat and inside her head while cold shivers rippled down her spine. Her body again suddenly locked up then eased with sleepy tingle carried through her veins as she watches her so very long and lost love ignore Bernadette's sour news, leave the bus stop bench and approach the open door. ‘Just my goddamn luck’ she thought. ‘Greta comes back to haunt my bus ride and I look such a mess.’
Waiting for her to come sit with me so we can read together.
Recently, being a single parent is beginning to be quite common. It actually feels like it has become a trend these days for people who are not comfortable with commitment especially when it starts to get demanding and quite a load to keep; this also comes along with people who just want out of their relationship but have to keep the kids; this is also a convenient set-up for those who just want to have kids but do not necessarily have to be in a relationship. However, although it seems like a common thing these days there are still those who are quite not open minded about it. There are still single parents who are having a hard time getting into a new relationship without having to deal with the issues between their new found partner and their kids.
Hibiscus is also known as china rose , jasvand, gudhal etc.
Shhhh...I see one now. This is Pigskinus Gigantopithecus in his natural environment. The man cave.
I first arrived in Delhi a week after my wife did and spent about 5 days at her parents’ new place. By the time that I arrived, she had already gone on a mini trip to Bhopal to attend a close friend’s wedding. Anyway, I was glad to be back in Delhi for the second time in a span of 2 years. I enjoyed travelling by Delhi Metro just like I did last year. I also enjoyed the fast food (chaat) at a well-known place in Karol Bagh just like I did last year. Only difference was, this time I fell violently sick with unstoppable diarrhoea. Call it a case of Delhi Belly I guess. So that put a little damper on our already short Delhi stay. Then we had to leave for Chennai just as my stomach was beginning to act normal again. Immediately the following day, we started on a trip with family down south to a village near Tirunelveli, Tamilnadu where our family’s roots reside. This south trip itself was quite chill generally despite the continuous push from elders in the family to try to cover a gazillion temples and religious places in a span of 3 days.
Ladders As a Necessity of Every Home
To be a victim of crime is to have your faith in the community severed. It is shattering. Devastating. When a taxi driver chose to rape me, instead of drive me home safely, he destroyed not only my life and my sense of self but my faith in the world. Where before I had felt safe and confident, able to live and work and be a part of my community as I chose, I no longer felt secure even in my own home.
And that’s why if you want to know what Rock & Roll was all about in New York City don’t bother reading some self-serving rock critique. You’ve got the real deal now – a book reeking with the magic of so many electric nights. It may not be for you, but there’s a music head in your circle who has need of remembering, or someone who cares but was too young to be there when it mattered.
mweinfeld@hotmail.com
I initially had no idea what an equal money system was, and even more – I was NOT interested in knowing about it at all. It was like I rejected it as having any value whatsoever.
2012-01-19 16:45
Super super common, it is used in pretty much every sentence by Argentines. There are a few uses.
only this aesthetic has been changing rather radically in the past year.
I didn't bring Audrey's bathing suit or a hat, so I tied my scarf around her head into a makeshift head covering so she wouldn't burn. So cute!!
In each of these ages eventually that thing that was central becomes less profitable. Consider how much money a man (and his family) can make as a farmer. If you think it’s a pretty good living, well then, take away the subsidies and see how good a family farmer can do. Most people who are family farmers are not making a good living even WITH subsidies from the government.
Pics courtesy of Michelle (I forgot to take some)!
Bart’s response: “Why not? I made a covenant with your daughter to love her and be faithful to her. We’ve honored that covenant with each other. Sex is part of it. It’s a very good part of it. Why should we be ashamed?”
1 chromatic
I highly recommend the lighting at Overstock.com and Ebay as well. The items are new, brands that you know and the shipping is usually free or very reasonable ($1.00, really?). I always read the reviews and try to google the product so that I can see that I am really getting a deal.
Well, I had seen Vix's See Through Easel Card and wanted to have a go, but kept putting it off, so I thought now was the time. I cut the frame and the card on my Pazzles Inspiration (Polly), she is such a good friend! I also persuaded Polly to cut the scrolls (they are from a Pazzles disk which I have had for ages and not used!). The image is a digi stamp from Dewdrop Craftz called Butterfly Spiral. I printed her on acetate, using my laser printer, then foiled her using the laminator (another technique that I am just trying out). I have glittered parts on the back of the acetate, and for the dress I used my quickie glue pen and gold leaf flakes. Not sure that she shows up as well as she could on the picture, it is quite hard to photograph something which is, in the main, transparent.
Ground report by —Shamik Sarkar
This one is about two things...
Hold on, I've just gotta check twitter.
Andrew Weatherall’s remix of ‘Stratus’ is a striking interpretation of the original. Initial momentum is thrust through the track with a heavy and deep bass at the outset. When the driving rhythmic aspects of the track subside somewhat an intricate and compelling electro sound adds a retrospective feel with references to eighties synth music and older production styles using particular patches and effect-laden guitar sweeps etc. to create a layered and affecting track. The percussive scope of the remix is enhanced by the inclusion of Bongos, Djembe etc. supplementing the physicality of the rhythm. As the track draws to an end the sound begins to reveal a darker undertone and more industrial possibilities for the track are alluded to. This remix manages to maintain originality whilst taking a wholly different angle on the track and supplies another unique track.
His protestations of eroding Malay privileges ring hollow at this time, and doesn’t penetrate to the young either. Maybe he finds the ears of the fatcats who fear the erosion of their ill-gotten, crony-laced income and traditional power base.
I hear God saying to me…
Gothic, metal, punk, hippie of doom. Player and builder of musical instruments (Atrum Kithara) and currently remodeling an 1880's Victorian in scenic Red Wing, MN while preparing and waiting for the Zocalypse. This blog follows my home renovation projects, my attempts at creating music and discussing the music I like, hiking, biking, motorcycle riding, and whatever other adventures I happen upon. There are occasional recipes, possibly some politics, and whatever else may happen to be on my mind when I write.
Those advocating that CAMRA might consider evolving to reflect the reality of the modern beer scene do so because they recognise that CAMRA has a vital role to play in the promotion of good beer. We do so because we recognise that setting up a 'campaign for good keg beer' entirely misses the point - it makes issues of dispense method and carbonation when these are NOT the issues, and it formalises an antagonistic relationship between two factions of people who are equally passionate about great tasting beer. I don't want to bring up the Judean People's Popular Front again, but seriously, can you not see the parallels?
They haven’t met Chip and his family, because they are new students to the school this year, but they were all very thankful and so grateful for us being there sharing tonight with them.
It is uncertain whether the court will discuss these issues in May or after the new batch of judges assume their seats.
Marinate Salmon with Marinade ingredients in a zipper bag for 2 hours in the fridge.
This morning was filled with delight as Mrs. Wonderful and I, along with a friend, went church hopping, constantly leaving each building due to occupancy limits being met and fire code violations. Seeing the different buildings and their architectural designs is always a fantastic and enjoying Sunday morning trek that I would have no issue with making a weekly ritual. But ever since leaving Walnut Hills United Methodist Church in Des Moines, IA, I find myself unable to sit through a service without being consistently annoyed by the unintelligible sermons spewing out of each pastors mouth.
The Frederick County Art Association's exhibit begins the year at the local art center, and I am entering the Alaska oil landscape that I've posted here last July...it was finally dry and ready for entry.
Here’s her summarized story: At age 14, Crystal told that she had to lose 9 inches from her hips in order to be a succesful model. As a result, Crystal went from 175 lbs to 95 lbs in just 2 years. At 16, Crystal dealt with anorexia and was a size 0(US). But then, there was a turning point:
That's a good thing without doubt.
Yesterday morning, before I had to head off to work. I made six more cards to be donated. I couldn't send them in to Grants class when there wasn't enough every child in the class. I didn't want anyone being left out.
How the hell did this happen? Well, it's like this. Eddie Miller was picked to play in the game but became injured. Since the game was held in Pittsburgh, Frankie Zak was asked to step in. Although he didn't get into the game (Marty Marion played all 9 innings) he did feature in the official team portrait, mixed right in there with the best players of 1944.
Like oceans
1/4 cup lentils
Beautiful week on the land… lots of nice green growth coming out from the plants.
#7 1987 Dino Napier EP Irvin 200 Meters 20.90
Ray treats this young love with grace and shadowy romance, capturing the brooding quality of this slow-burning desire between two inexperienced youths. "I don't know much about kissing," Keechie admits after the couple are married, and Bowie shyly agrees that neither does he. He's billed, on the radio and in the newspapers, as the leader of a vicious gang of bank robbers, but his infamy is almost accidental, entirely out of proportion to his simple ways, his country boy decency and good manners, his humble ambitions. He actually convinces himself that if he can just raise enough money for a good lawyer, he can show everyone that it's all just been a mistake, that he's actually not a bad man, and they'll let him go. Keechie has the same fantasies: they'll settle down, live a good life like ordinary people, and then the authorities will let him be since he's proven he can lead an honest life. They have to know it doesn't work that way, that their story is predestined to have a darker ending, but Ray portrays their insular romance so convincingly, so romantically and beautifully, that one is swept along in their fantasies, momentarily blinded to the unrealistic foundations upon which they're attempting to build this love.
That's all I really need.
I have an extra 50 cotton candy pink and white straws for someone's summer barbecue!
Mr. Bergman and his friends recorded their first album, “Waiting for the Electrician or Someone Like Him,” in 1968, followed the next year by “How Can You Be in Two Places at Once When You’re Not Anywhere At All?”
Sooner or later the engines stop singing
Sometimes, I’m halfway between here and wherever it is these drugs take me. Inside my head I hear words form, but it takes forever for my mouth to move – often the conversation has left me far behind. Much of the time I don’t know what people are talking about or what’s going on.
Just the other night we were talking about knitting at the dinner table, and Snowy was surprised to find out that once upon a time, knitting was a man's job, done at nights and when weather was too bad to take the boats out fishing.
"I think we should close... the door ... here ... now ...," said Hermel.
The author had created some scenes that involves several stages of relationship development.
While it might seem a touch masochistic to ask to be informed whenever someone loses interest in what you have to say, for PR professionals and marketers it can be a source of very valuable information, giving you an insight into when your content is hitting the spot (very few Twitter Qwitters) and when the message simply isn’t getting through (a high number of dropouts).
“I forget who it was that recommended men for their soul’s good to do each day two things they disliked: it was a wise man, and it is a precept that I have followed scrupulously; for every day I have got up and I have gone to bed..”
- Please bring chairs
I have never boycotted anything, ever. Today begins my Amazon boycott. That hurts me... I shop at Amazon every week, I have a Prime membership, and I get terrific bargains for my family. But I can't support a company that is actively helping teach people how to molest my daughter... and defending their right to do so.
If this overlap problem with this new dual band frying the moisture clouds and pushing them into a frenzy is not solved then we can expect more severe outbreaks in the eastern Texas forecast to happen again.
Rabbi Yosef expressed the wish that “all the nasty people who hate Israel, like Abu Mazen (Abbas), vanish from our world”.
We are not immature and therefore we are not dreamers, we are not blind liberal denialists and we cannot afford dreams at this time, for it is crunch-time in the New South Africa. The banks are on their knees, the ignorant uneducated black masses produced by the ANC over decades by the burning down of schools and boycotting schools and classes, massive dropping of educational standards are gullible, they are manipulated and brainwashed, they are also under the spell of their evil leaders and they have been taught to hate and despise your white skin with a passion second to none.
Now, as I was booking down I-80 and got within 4 miles of Kearney, I noticed something distressing ahead of me. Thin... very thin curtains of rain were falling. This, in itself was not a problem. But the rain curtains were moving very, very, very quickly from the south to the north. Following them with my eye, I saw that as they got north of the interstate, they began curving left, or to the west, in a very large arc. There was clearly a broad, very broad circulation on or very near to the ground, and I was driving right under and in it. I wasn't sure what was going to happen when I hit the rain curtain, as it was really moving. I slowed down a bit and as I popped through the curtain, I got a sudden staccato blast of very strong wind from the south that rocked the car a bit and was gone as fast as it came. And then everything calmed down. I was ahead of the mesocyclone.
a space where the stillness itself resounds with your vibrant song.
OK I did just realize after a not quite final preview that I am only showing the blogs listed on the hop but not the intro. I'm not sure if that's right or not... I feel like I should be including the intro... And the button! Where is the button? Ugh... I promise I'm not quite as computer illiterate as I may seem... but html speak is definitely beyond my scope. So I'm going to copy what I can and paste it here for now and hope that someone will be nice enough to take pity on me and explain what the heck I'm doing wrong! :)
I want to thank you for being part of my life. I want to say thank you for protecting me from harm and trying your best to raise me well. I look up to you in every way. You are the "the wind beneath my wings". You taught me that no mountain is ever too high, that if I try my hardest everything is just within my reach.
Quilted by myself using cream Aurifil 50wt thread
Relief is spelled December 28. Three days beyond the colossal holiday that consumes massive amounts of humanity, energy, and resources, the planet now sighs a deep exhale.
In other news, I've been going through our emergency supply--most of which expired in 2003--and restocking it with all the things we'll need when "the big one" hits. Is your emergency kit well stocked? It should be!
Mere Christianity: (p. 102 in my version. Chapter called "Christian Marriage":
First of all, this book was horror fiction for me!
The Bazaar recently extended their dineLA Restaurant Week to this past Friday (October 29th), and when my friend tipped us off to this - we made reservations immediately for a party of four and left work on time (for once) to meet up there on a weeknight. The $44 dineLA offer featured your choice of one starter and three entrees from the extensive menu of over 40 different tapas, modern and traditional) plus one dessert.
To reveal her insight
· The Beach Boys
Also, Bristen's, which has gone over to an East Asian noodle and dumplings menu for dinner (a menu that's a surprisingly well-kept secret - I went in the other day and had a huge bowl of tasty noodles for $4.95), will be bringing back their brunch menu (by popular demand) as of this weekend.
I have gone from the Ever Changing Moods girl trying to figure out her next step in life to being the Ever Changing Moods girl with a whole lot of life!
I've spent three days getting over my airplane cold by playing in my studio. I have so much new stash from Paris, Ally Pally and Florida, I thought it would be nice to try and use some of it. I had this idea about making a canvas and creating a Secret Garden.....one of those pieces that you keep looking at and spotting things that you didn't see the first time around........one of those pieces that is all about the layers.
natural person does not accept the things of the Spirit of God, for they are
It was J's idea for me to do a little research.
The morning greeted us with birdsong, there were many around our site. Breakfast included some of our harvested grapefruit and we could not wait to hike yet another trail. We had to be off the site at 1pm so we headed out for some more exploring, this time we chose to take one of the equestrian trails. Not too far from camp we noticed a pile of vultures that were startled by our approach, so we went to see what they had gotten into. We had heard coyote in the direction the night before and there before us was 2 dead hogs. Feral hogs are a big problem in Florida, so much so that the park rangers no have permission to dispatch them onsite (but out of site of the guests). Where we had walked off trail was a place we found later to be called the bone yard. Melissa had a blast looking at and for all the bones. She identified many of them as she uses bones a lot in her artwork. So this stop kept us busy for about an hour. It was fun exploring in the large field of young pins and we saw many signs of critters there. Time was soon running short and we had to break camp. We had become such good friends on this trip.
MEDIA
What a special day to give thanks and remember all our Veterans - 11/11/11.
The annual Louisiana Beer Fest is held over multiple venues across the state, including Lake Charles. Over 150 beers are on offer, as are home-brews in a competition that sees amateur beer aficionados from across the country. Classes held by the fest’s Brew University teach cooking with beer, and a Cajun Classic BBQ Cook-Off brings in BBQ teams to compete in categories including brisket, chicken, pork and ribs. (May 19)
Until this morning.
Officers in an unmarked police car caught 57 drivers committing offences on a stretch of the M4.
Here are some observations:
Back in the day they’d played sell-out shows in huge arenas all over the U.K. and Europe; they’d been followed by legions of screaming fans, had groupies hanging round stage doors at every gig, some had even camped outside their homes for days on end and those girls were usually the same ones who, somehow, always managed to find out which hotels they were staying in on tour – which meant they were also usually the ones who got to live out that fantasy they dreamed about constantly of meeting their favourite pop star, and maybe even do more than just meet them. Bon Voyage had never been ones to miss out on anything the life of a popular boy band member had to offer. Oh, Bon Voyage had had it all – fame, money, invitations to the biggest and best showbiz parties and award ceremonies, model girlfriends; their faces in the papers and magazines on
Week one of the Lb 4 Lb challenge at the gym has concluded and this week marks the start of week 2. So far, I am down 3.5 pounds (3.5 pound loss over two weeks...there was an extra week from "weigh in" until the actual start of the challenge).
Gatlin was becoming the face of the sport and had the world at his feet. Then came the Kansas Relays. The positive test for testosterone. The ban. The last time we saw Gatlin on the track he was winning a National 100 meter title over then rising Tyson Gay in Eugene circa 2006. Now, four years later, he will return to competition this July.
I’d like to propose an amendment to Bill C-38, the legislation introduced in Parliament on April 26 to implement measures announced in last month’s budget. I realize the government is unlikely to accept any substantive changes to the 400-page bill, but could we at least change the title? Jobs, Growth and Long-term Prosperity Act doesn’t convey what the legislation is intended to do. This bill should be called An Act to Unravel Canada’s Environmental Laws.
In short, then, the problem was not Hitler’s deceit of the communists, or the fake socialism of the Nazi Party, but that the communists and the socialist nationalists were fighting to control the same people and the same political territories; just like, say, the fights between the SWP and Workers Liberty or the SWP and the Communist Party (i.e., Searchlight and Hope Not Hate).
Amy Bowerman Stucki of Plucking Daisies created a wonderful keychain full of handmade Alice charms! She had some leftovers from last week's project, so she covered the images stamped on textured cardstock with Glossy Accents.
46. The rules and regulations of a Catholic high school
The i-Phone is certainly seen as new and tremendously useful. The labor-saving effects of a phone and Web browser, that fits into your pocket, is nothing short of remarkable. Throw in on-board GPS, sensors, and a million apps and we have an outstanding example of why I’m so fond of new.
Jenn N.
4.) When I was 10 years old my Uncle taught me to ride a motorcycle. Rode 40 yrs. until I hurt my back 8 years ago.
“I went to the Court for another Clearviewing, but fatigue got the better of me. I managed to tie the knot, but I was nothingness by the time you came.” As Rel spoke, he watched Dora’s lips thin with a sinking heart.
Much Love Monday is a weekly blog post series, intended to start off each week with some positivity instead of the typical Monday blues!
Meanwhile, Fraser, Anna, Pui Cheng and Michelle were cutting bamboo and figuring out how to put the slanted wall frames together.
...still trying to get back into a "routine" of blogging...
My amanuensis, who unlike me wears clothes on the street, apart from her striped socks and little cashmere hat, also favors high-waisted jeans (the vegan brand April 77 is stocked at Noir Kennedy, rue du roi de Sicile, in the Marais), and some cute girlfriends of hers swear by dance leotards. Actually, Mary-Laure is known to have worn dance leg-warmers on her arms to keep them toasty.
Please continue to lift little Levi up in your prayers; with his counts still low, he needs to stay away from fevers and sicknesses while here at home. He needs this time to rest in his own bed, eat normal food, and relax with his family. Please also pray for the plan going forward; the doctors are examining some options that we may have for the rest of his course of treatment since he’s doing well. I don’t feel like I should share them just yet, as things are very much up in the air, but just pray for wisdom and discernment for those examining his case and that Levi’s recovery from this last round will be swift and his tests will continue to come back clean.
Today I pimped a gift bag for Angelique from Scrap & More to encourage her. She had a surgery yesterday. I hope she will like it...
Please do not touch others around you.
I was a little anxious to fly with both girls on my own. I kept thinking about getting all of us through security, boarding the plane, and then how I was going to juggle 2 girls for 1.5 hours. But.... we did great! I planned every possible scenario and tried my best to be prepared. Nobody wore coats and the security didn't make the girls take off their shoes. I hauled the double stroller and it was well worth it. That thing is amazing! I was so proud of Savannah through out the whole flight. She was such a big girl sipping her soda, eating pretzels and watching her Pony movie. Sophie was a little busy, but it was manageable since Sav was so good. We did have to make 1 in-flight potty trip and luckily the nice grandma next to us held Sophie while I took Savannah.
this photo is blurry, but at least you can see how the bed will be pushed against the bottom of the tree:
we had a day out in our country's fruit region.
The idea is I give styling ideas through the year... Ideas that are easily achievable.
“I’m really sorry man,” I said. “That’s tough. I guess a few beers, an acoustic guitar and a sad love song are what’s on the menu now.”
Ever since I’ve arrived here it has been hot hot hot. And humid! But ah well, the sun is great and it could also be raining, which would suck, so no bitching here. But it does get a little sticky sometimes!
Who are some of your all time favourite authors?
Edited to add direct links.
Working at home is like getting a $4000 yearly raise. Not bad.
It did the trick. In fact, the electric train, which Cowen sold to Ingersoll for four dollars, was then itself sold to a customer. So Ingersoll asked for six more. From there came demand from other stores, and Cowen suddenly had himself a new business, manufacturing the new toys under a brand taken from his own middle name -- Lionel Trains.
I promised you this post would be big, and it is! Oh and, all of the events end in ~June 1st. Just read on~
I have few annual traditions on this spot of the Internet. One of my favorites is when I turn it over to a friend of mine, a former co-worker and the Gulf Coast of Florida's leading expert on digital displays, SCL Mike. Plus it gives me an easy post!
I’ve been so busy getting my personal trainers certificate, I’ve started teaching bootcamp and I’ve been spending every free moment at the gym.
poppy seeds
The cake is moist; the frosting, sugary; and they’re next to impossible to eat with any dignity. But who’s thinking of dignity with a Devil Dog cupcake in hand? As another fan put it, “We’re coming here for breakfast tomorrow.”
8) Pre-heat your oven while your macarons are standing for 60 mins. I'd say like 15mins before you put them in.
4. The Nines-Polarities (TAS GOLD)
This super-fun hop will be showcasing cards,
Masks of the lads who once were keen and kind and gay?
But, I know that you'll get a lousy service at the China Town.
What do they say about the best plans... sometimes they take a little detour, right? Well, I'm officially on the Detour Turnpike and loving it!
Here is "The Sweetest Day" kit that Lia put together. Isn't it Gorgeous!!! This kit is valued at over $55 and will be able to purchase from the Maya Road website, just in case your local retailer doesn't carry the kits.
How to get there: Strictly speaking, this section of the Ring begins at Wimbledon Park tube station, on the District Line, but because it was a more convenient place to meet, we began at Wimbledon. Numerous buses, South West Trains services from Waterloo, the Tube, and Tramlink from Croydon make it a very easy place to reach. Returning from Richmond is just as easy: train (to Clapham Junction & Waterloo, or to north London and Stratford), bus or tube once more.
Paul Lavere Kley (1922-2001), son of Lewis and Mary Kley.
Very few dealerships track their marketing & retention efforts.
The roses are wilting
The car was fantastic and I can see where I need to improve. The hardest part of coming back after a ten year break is having the confidence to commit to the notes but fair play to Chris he was great all day long!
I was let down by BCC earlier today when I was informed that our cap and gowns won’t be available until the 10th. That was my plan for my picture for today’s post! But I took the rest of the day to plan out my week, make a game plan, and basically just laze around all day without actually doing anything productive. It was nice just to sit around and enjoy the sunshine on the back porch, sipping iced tea.
I made dessert chips for after lunch. I love these so hard. Let me see if I can copy/paste the recipe I posted on Facebook...
21. The longest English word without a vowel is twyndyllyngs which means “twins”.
- Add kidney into wok, add in a teaspoon of oyster sauce, litter sugar and some water, bring the sauce to boil, let it simmer till the sauce is reduce to slightly thicken. Do taste test, if not salty enough can add some oyster sauce.
So just like buses, you wait ages for an award to come along, and then you get 3 all together. Although I'm definitely not complaining :)
And you see why they hold a special place in my heart.
And both Morrell and Kilpatrick have high praise for that story, Suzanne Church’s “The Tear Closet.” It’s a good example of how the collection eschews standard dark fantasy and horror tropes but still conjures a “sense of the eerie,” as Morrell puts it.
What is the history of Merry-Go-Round?
l used some vintage crochet lace, parcel string and a metal finding for more interest. All the butterflies are glued with a good blob of Matt Medium and I finished off with an Idea-ology Metal Word Band, again, inked up with Rust. The hanging chain is just a sink plug chain from the hardware store which is both sturdy and fitting for a Grungy piece!
Excelling at an assigned project is expected. Excelling at a side project helps you stand out. The key is to take a risk with a project and make sure your company or customers don’t share that risk.
The garden service called this morning and asked why they hadn’t heard from me.
My brother-in-law called last night and wanted to know what I have planned for Chris' 50th birthday in 11 months. Umm...absolutely nothing at this point! It's just too far away right now for me to even think about it. Well, he proceeded to tell me that he and my mother-in-law had been talking about taking the whole family on a 7-day cruise to the Caribbean to celebrate his milestone birthday. The catcher is that we'd set sail on Dec. 22nd from Miami, FL. That means we'd be on a cruise ship in the middle of the Atlantic ocean on Christmas Day.
I keep this verse imprinted in my heart:
The words “It is interesting to note that” are to all intents and purposes banned from JIPLP since they generally add nothing but length. If the text which follows those words is interesting, they are redundant; if it is not interesting, it shouldn’t be there in the first place. And if your reader is reading what you’ve written, he’s going to note it whether you tell him that it is interesting to do so or not.
According to most media accounts of the pop singer’s decision to back the 99%, she has exposed herself to a great deal of risk, including the possibility of alienating many of her fans and causing her a short term financial loss. Yet, what Miley has gained can’t be measured in dollars, she has gained the respect and has captured the imaginations of a new generation of youth who might not have been interested in politics but who now see one of their idols endorsing change. It is one thing to have the usual celebrities from the 1960’s such as Susan Sarandon and Jane Fonda voice support for the cause, it is quite another for a new generation to have young female leaders that embrace this vision of peace and egalitarianism that is expressed by most sincere OWS activists. Of course in every movement there are the types of activists who are reactionary and join the movement out of opportunism and to spread their hatred and violent thoughts, but by and large OWS is composed of legitimate sincere people with real grievances as well as activists with an agenda of furthering and expanding the cause of social equality and justice.
Magazines: I have to say, I enjoy flipping through my sacred stack of Dominos more than I do a current issue of anything else. I'm so glad Lonny is around now, I think half my motivating factor in ordering an iPad was the idea of reading Lonny on it. I enjoy House Beautiful though. Garden & Gun is a beautiful, substantial magazine about the south that isn't cliche or dumbed down, and I love Vanity Fair -- I just think the writing and photography in that magazine is flawless, even if they do sometimes choose strange subjects and muses.
I enjoyed all the threesomes last night (wait, that sounds bad). Well, what did they call them? Dance trios or something. Anyway, Driver's three-way jive was truly "fun, fun, fun," as judge Len put it. Now give the man a 10 already, would you?
I'm back with a teaser of a SUPER fun new stamp set, being released by MFT TONIGHT (Wednesday) at 10 pm EST. This set is SO perfect for your best girlfriend. You should see all the cute sentiments that go with it!
Today I will explore the relevance of St Peter’s and why it is deemed a heritage asset and therefore important to Scotland.
Here’s some super cute photos:
"I think you're being hard on poor Howie," Jessica said, spearing a carrot curl with her fork.
kisses carry strength,
The Block Party, held April 28, brought over 300 neighbors to Draper Park and featured face painting, games, music and fun for adults, kids, families and the whole community. Participants said this was their first block party ever to be held in this neighborhood, and organizations brought information about domestic violence, human trafficking and more.
This year, I'm pretty sure Peach is just playing along with The Santa Thing for Olive's (and my) sake. Thankfully, she's still wanting actual "toys," not just clothes, or, for heaven's sake, MONEY. In a nutshell, she's after various medical-, detective-, and fashion design-type items, plus two very elusive Barbies. There's always something, right?
The Sheffield Blitz is the name given to the worst nights of German Luftwaffe bombing and many city centre buildings were ruined but could have been rebuilt in facsimile as they still should to restore the historic centre and thus the cities core identity. Sheffield people are the warmest most welcoming people you could meet and deserve consideration from their elected representatives.
A few days ago, we were joking around with Bettye, telling her that we'll make sure the nursing home we choose will take good care of her. And that we'll label all of her clothes. We joke around with her like this all the time. No big deal. Or so I thought. But when she said, "Well, I'm sure my new daughter in law will take care of me."
About publishing: I think we’re going to see consolidation, fire sales, layoffs and a lot of uncomfortableness … Not happy, but true.
Thanks for the advice on Nora’s clogged tear ducts! The breastmilk seemed to do a great job at keeping the crusties away! We did get a prescription for some eye medicine too. Hopefully it will be minimal tomorrow — or gone!!
Her: U lied to me before we even got involved.
today on my ipod - feels like home to me** (chantal kreviazuk), must have been love (pat mcgee band), you can't always get what you want (the rolling stones), wonderland (angie aparo), all for you (sister hazel), breakin' me (jonny lang), daniel (elton john), gravity (sarah bareilles), at the stars (better than ezra), wasting time (jack johnson), where you lead (carole king)
One of my favorite comfort foods that Rina makes is her broccoli soup. And my girls love it too. There's nothing better than to know your kids are asking for second servings on their green veggies!
We stayed for a year and a half this time. We traveled, to Japan, to China, to Thailand, and we squeezed in as many weekend trips around Korea as we could. It crept up on me just how much it felt like home — as much as any place I've ever known. Korea is a country rich with culture and history. It's the smell of the sea and the buzz of a people who never stop moving. It's train rides through the countryside, passing concrete highrise after concrete highrise, which are plopped right in the middle of some of the greenest, most breathtakingly beautiful landscape you'll ever see. The culture is fascinating and at times infuriating. I loved it most of the time and hated it a little bit of the time. It's the only place I've ever gotten homesick for. Sharp, acute homesickness that comes and goes in waves. I think I'll always miss it.
“By directly attacking journalists covering these clashes, the police are trying to suppress coverage of the events taking place in Srinagar,” Reporters Without Borders said. “We urge the Indian government to order an immediate halt to this outright persecution of journalists. The authorities must allow journalists to cover demonstrations and must protect them from any violence that could be directed against them.”
Not Everyone Who Wins Is a Cheater
My second beer was a Black Dog Ale (American Amber/Red Ale, 5.2% ABV). The thing about this beer was that it had this coppery, metallic aftertaste as if I had been drinking it straight from the bottle. Other than that it was fine but not remarkable.
Yes, that happens!
The mushroom season in Oberon usually runs from late January until late April/early May depending on the weather. The optimal time for finding mushroom is a few days after rain. If you are interested in mushrooming, here are a couple of tips that may help!
Here it is against the (almost finished) quilt…
Since its passage in 2005, Florida’s “stand your ground” law has protected people in circumstances similar to the possible sequence of events in the Trayvon Martin-George Zimmerman case, reports the Tampa Bay Times. The newspaper cites cases in which people pursued others, initiated a confrontation, and then used deadly force to defend themselves.
15 July: Valence 31.5% BNP SECOND
Words. We write them with so much coding, don't we?
This morning it's warm and overcast and rain is predicted for the next three days. Jordan, Kaelan and I went out to the garden to gather lettuce, spinach and turnip greens for some meals this week. I noticed the chives I cut down to the ground just a few weeks ago can stand another good trim. I am enjoying added dried chives to several recipes. I'll use some in the yogurt cheese spread.
Finally, the Pauline confessions and the earliest confession, “Christ is Lord,” though they are old and though they are accurate in their treatment of the whole of Scripture, are not precise enough to function in themselves as true markers of Christianity today. Even when synthesized into a single confession, it still leaves much to be desired, especially in teaching about the Father and the Spirit. Thus, they must be rejected as possibilities for establishing a universal Christian creed, too.
Unemployment rose slightly in Wales by 1,000 in the three months to the end of February, with women bearing the brunt of the increase, according to official figures.
I think it’s nosy for people to ask about my dating life. I don’t ask about theirs. Ever. If we are very close, then you already know. People offer information about who they are seeing all the time, and if they feel comfortable talking about it, I feel comfortable listening. I’m not squeamish, just discreet.
Plus, my brain nor my heart can think any further.
The first thing I note to myself is the "paint job". The gel did not adhere to the plastic piping bag the way I've observed in tutorials (using parchment paper piping method...too advanced for me at this stage!), which did did not bode well for me. Here is the look I was going for:
Another thing is I shouldn’t have paired this top with a low waist bottom. Kept flashing bits of my tummy. Oh god why. O.O Thankfully I have my cardigan!
You can read more about my journal-making process on Bridgette Guerzon Mills' wonderful site amanobooks in this interview from 2009.
In the room at the back there were many fans, made up with a contingent of French Owls. This rather incongruous mix was a breath of fresh air though in a busy, tense venue that was by beer 2 slightly thinning out. Just before I headed back to the bar a throng of lasses appeared en route to somewhere far away (based on their absurd amounts of stowage, and thats not a euphemism) and this perhaps proved important in the bigger scheme of things.
Luckily, there was a Wanker at the gym today.
583 D-IV/17/1969. “Education and Leisure: On the Writing of Doctoral Dissertations.” Politics Department, The University of Dallas, Irving, Texas.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to everyone.
McCorvey and Weddington comprise the tale of two pregnant women, one from the elite class, one from poverty. One argues Roe v. Wade and becomes internationally famous, the youngest lawyer to win a Supreme Court case. She writes books, holds elected office, teaches at UT Austin, and now has her own Weddington Center. By contrast, McCorvey earns her keep by traveling the church-chicken-supper circuit, telling people that Weddington used her for her own political and professional ends.
I fell in love with the movie, and couldn’t wait for the sequels to come out, as I was usually first in line to see them.
Yes - cameos are back! And back to stay! As some of you may remember from years past, these tend to SELL OUT QUICKLY, so go grab them if you see one you want. And we have improved them - instead of the typical "photo behind a plastic cabochon" style we now have actual porcelaincameo pendants - with the image heat set into the ceramic itself as a solid piece - not a sticker, not paper - actually dyed into the porcelain. This way it is a permanent and water-resistant product I am very proud of - the porcelain captures the intricate details and looks just like my original paintings. Now - I realize that these are already starting to sell out as I am literally typing this. But don't worry if you miss out - we are making more RIGHT NOW and will be adding more all the time - new designs, too! Click HERE to see the currently available Cameos!
On July 31, 2009, the Fifth Circuit rejected Bartee’s appeal and affirmed the denial of habeas corpus relief by the district court.
The scene was its usual self-skanky, sleazy, dirty. It sickens me to see my kind going about like this-I went outside for a smoke-then got back inside to get lost.
About half-way through dinner a thought started playing in my head. I'll try to work that thought out in front you--so bear with me.
The thought of Danny burned her already flushed face. Raina put her hands flat against Tyler’s chest. His warmth heated her palms, making her hesitate. She wanted to pull him back to her, but instead watched him move away without any resistance.
Proverbs 25:26… “If the godly compromise with the wicked, it is like polluting a fountain or muddying a spring” (NLT).
I am not going to anything much over the next two weeks because I have my exams and I really need to study and also because for this week I will be repairing my desktop computer and upgrading it, so check for updates around the 9th of May.
paper from My Mind's Eye. The perfect shades were right there!
Psalm 9:1-2 "I will praise you, O Lord, with all my heart;
Now this question wasn't to belittle me or attack me but to tell you the truth, I thought this would have been asked a lot more and more frequently.
The change will go live for all languages at the same time. For context, the initial Panda change affected about 12% of queries to a significant degree; this algorithm affects about 3.1% of queries in English to a degree that a regular user might notice. The change affects roughly 3% of queries in languages such as German, Chinese, and Arabic, but the impact is higher in more heavily-spammed languages. For example, 5% of Polish queries change to a degree that a regular user might notice.
"Come on, guys," I whine or snarl (depending on how tired I am). "Can you clean up a little, please?"
telephone.
It'll be alright
Icewolf is back!
So still and quiet there they stood, those crosses sheltered in the wood.
Gordon and Betty Moore
til you try! It’s never too late to try something new. A talent is
SIMILAR MOVIES: Not a movie, but The Tick reminded me of this. Stripperella as well. Basically, this fell in the category of comedic superhero spoofs, which is a somewhat narrow category.
This is the nonsense about being in the European Union; that we have to 'pick our battles'.
No, not the light tears-well-up-in-your-eyes-because-she's-crying kind of cry.
“If Brazilians could put their joie de vivre into a bottle, it would be bigger than Coca-Cola,” Diane von Furstenberg, the designer, said here Thursday at a luxury conference sponsored by the International Herald Tribune.
Let me show you some examples of my 'stuff.'
Truth be told, the action in each GoDaddy ad is just a big tease to get folks to go online and find out more about the company that people use to register domain names and host websites.
Which three writers were your favourite?
Challenge: Fantabulous Cricut "Teacher Feature"
"My carpals hurt!"
This is a politically manufactured outcome achieved through the “changes” our leaders have forced down our unwilling throats and by their special brand of “progress” which they beguiled us into believing would improve our lot.
Our hunger takes over as we learn how to cook samoosas. It turns out that all my years of papercrafts are great training for samoosa making as some had trouble making the paper football like containers. We learn how to make the filling and then stuff our paper-footballs. (No worries, I have the recipes, hillary-we will be making these ). From the Samoosas we move onto making Roti which is sort of like a thin sweet wrap, which we later use to eat the food with our hands. Next, we begin making the chicken curry. I help put in all the spices, while Hamida instructs me in terms of the measurement of heaps (1 heap, ½ a heap ). We add salt to the recipe for more taste and then put it on the stove. Then, we make Tomato and onion Samfal, which is sort of like an Israeli salad, but with more tomato. We finish up by watching her make chili bites and then retire to the long table before us. The food goes quickly as our bellies swell in satisfaction of our creations. The time also seems to slip away and we are back onto the bus, heading for the ship.
A central part of Treasury’s position is that:
This seems to be, at least, a pretty good substitute for whatever some people call, soul. At any rate, it seems to be good enough for them. And perhaps it is the same thing. That's not given to us to know, about ourselves or about anybody else. Be honest and be brave, concentrate, do the best you can, be willing to make mistakes, and I reckon it'll be all right.
So civil war comes first to Britain, and social collapse comes first to Sweden. What’s in store for the rest of Europe?
Something else also impressed me….
The vulture on the Palazzo Grassi, real as it looks, is not a live projection of my deadline-damaged imagination. It is, in fact, ‘art’, created by Sun Yuan and Peng Yu, leaders of the contemporary Chinese art scene, who create sculptures and installations using a variety of unconventional materials such as cadavers, human fat tissues and waste material. According to the Palazzo Grassi website, ‘a perennial obsession with death in their work is blended with a macabre comic appeal’. About the vulture, the site explains, ‘This menacing animal humorously embodies the cruelty of the modern world: we become the carrion-eater’s potential prey – an unpleasant position, as vultures typically devour the wounded, the sick, or the remains of animals killed and eaten by other predators.’
Anyway, I thought I would share a card I made for an embossing swap over at Card Cafe. I really wanted to do the Chalk Embossing technique from the TJ newsletter, but it was not working for me (boo whoo). So I thought what can I try instead? There was a scrap piece of polished stone paper from a few years ago in my stash. I embossed that with the Bird Call Cuttlebug folder and brushed a black Stazon pad over the embossed area and tada! The end result turned out rather nice! What do you think? Now I'm off to make more polished stone paper!
On the way to a 6am meeting I received a telephone call that it was called off! The nerve!
Sindephi Spogter-KaMcina of the National Executive Committee of the Traditional Healers Association claimed that the roads of South Africa are haunted because whites have not fetched the spirits of their dead from roadside accident scenes. He explained that the growing Christian tradition of putting up roadside memorial crosses and placing flowers at the scene of an accidental death, stops the soul of the deceased from departing. He claimed that roadside memorials cause accidents because the white people did not appease their loved ones' spirit. He explained that in African traditions the spirit of the dead is brought back home from the scene of the death. Some use a branch from a young tree to seep up the spirit and take it to the body, which must be buried in the ancestral area.
culture.
He, too, has been changed in his turn,
simple words of love so dear
Assuming that reasonable suspicion exists, what are the lawful grounds for arrest at a roadblock by the various Agencies. Are they in fact allowed to arrest you, or do they have to ask the SAP to do so ? Recently the Government inserted Sections 4A and 4B into the Customs and Excise Act conferring the power of arrest on Customs Officials and authorising the carrying of firearms for the purposes of enforcing the Customs Act. In other words, a Customs Officer can be deemed to be a Peace Officer as defined in the Criminal Procedures Act. Customs are part of SARS, so take that sports lovers. You can be arrested at gunpoint at a road block for not submitting a tax return.
You can paint or use vinyl numbers to place your house number on your freshly painted door:
Yes I will
is originally from the lovely
The formula on this is a little thick. I remember I had trouble applying it the first time so I added a few drops of Seche Restore. It's very opaque but it looked patchy after one coat so I did two. Drying time is average, I guess. Here's a picture of it in direct light that is a little more accurate.
Row 250m
I picked up four rather dirty, very tired, very happy unschoolers from the train station Monday night. MJ is sad to be home! She had a fabulous time at camp, made lots of friends, and is counting the days until next year. Her four new best friends are from Minnesota -- evidently a big Minnesota contingent comes out every year -- so she's hoping to travel out there sometime. (Should I be concerned that these friends are all boys? Nah.)
Budget is important – but it’s about more than money.
The media is no different in it's indifference to white male victims, it has been mentioned before, but if you go to the BBC news web site and put the name of Kriss Donald, the victim of one of the most brutal, and sadistic race hate crimes to have occurred in Britain in recent decades, into the search engine, you will get a total of 4 results, put in the name of Stephen Lawrence, and you will get 122.
I didn’t practise patience when they failed my aspiration
After half the class fails their first quiz on “Of Mice and Men,” Mr. Danza fears that most of his students aren’t doing their work. As a result, he risks legal repercussions when he denies three of his “special needs” students the use of the resource room because he thinks they’re being lazy. And to make matters worse, Mr. Danza’s brightest student wants to drop out of his English class because he isn’t being challenged enough. Pushed to the limit, Tony breaks down in tears.
I’m enthusiastic about this “project”, only I always lack guts to ask people for their photo. Know street photography, one has to be brave, step up and ask for their photo, (or another kind of street photographer just snaps the photo without their subject realising looking maybe like a creep but those photos are the best, really). I think if I were alone I’d have more courage to ask. Because there’s always that nagging feeling “ask ask ask if you don’t ask they’ll walk away and you will regret it”.
So it had to go. I was at work the day, but my daughter captured the event in pictures. Here is the big hole it left in our landscape once gone. I was thrilled that they were able to save the dogwood!
Lynn aka Loco Cocoa
Morgen: You sound so busy, do you manage to write every day?
What really made me feel more like myself was a conversation that I just had with an old friend. For some reason, I decided to step outside and give her a call. We talked a bit and it really made me feel better. So to her I just want to say you do make a difference. You have an impact on so many lives. I know that things are changing for you…embrace the changes and make them you.
The focal image was created with the Bright Blossoms Stamp Set and I simply colored on the stamps with my Stampin' Write markers. I stamped the center flower first and added the other two to achieve a more balanced look.
Home and walking to/from work
And has not yet look’d on it.
Hey guys! We are so excited to be one of the lucky blogs to participate in the blog tour of Embrace. It was a fantastic book and so much fun! We have for you our review and a way for you to win your own copy!
36. Few things in life are more comforting to a crying little girl than her father’s hand. Never forget this.
10. Favorite flower? Zebras have always been my favorite because they were the first flowers i ever got.
As each day of my reunion brought new and exciting discoveries about the little girl I had always loved, but never knew, I feared I would lose track of all that I was learning. Initially, I tried to keep a journal of all my thoughts and encounters with Joanne, but had difficulty finding the time or even the desire to write, missing days at a time, and then attempting to catch up all in one sitting. It was just too much. My search efforts had left me drained. Maybe, it was all too reminiscent of the daily journal I kept during the months before and after Jackie’s illness and death. But, talking with Joanne via email was fun and I had saved all of our correspondence. Between Joanne’s emails and those from my birth mother groups, there was enough material to fill a dozen folders.
Her right leg is injured from overuse. From kicking.
Of course we had to try the bone marrow and parsley salad (£7.20). The marrow was fatty, rich and tasty and great on bread (no butter required!). The parsley salad didn't really appeal (I hate parsley with a passion and I can barely stomach the smell of it, never mind the taste or texture) but it worked well with the bone marrow and although some people claim it's the parsley that helps the marrow work, for me it was the marrow that made the parsley worked. Either way it was delicious and I can clearly see why this is the restaurant's signature starter dish.
