Fugitive in the EU if he refuses any request to testify
However . . . at my 41 week appointment, I had some questions for my OB. I have absolutely loved her, and I'm so glad a friend referred her to me! My OB is pretty conservative, medically speaking. She won't even induce first time Mom's unless there is a severe medical condition. So it was encouraging to hear her thoughts on inductions. She was happy to wait it out with me if I wanted to wait for labor to start on it's own. But, I asked her if the success rate of inductions is better in 2nd and 3rd labors. I wanted to avoid a c-section if at all possible. Her response was very encouraging as she said without a doubt, women who are already dilated and have already had babies have a very high success rate both statistically, and in her own experience. Since we were a week away from Thanksgiving, and I didn't want to have a newborn the week of Thanksgiving with family visiting, and I wanted to be sure my Mom could be here for the birth, I told my OB that if I was actually dilated, I would consider being induced the next day since she was on call then.
Joplin Relief Auction
Your turn! What would YOUR choices be? Don't forget to add your name to the linky list if you're participating!
Milan Petrović: I must admit that I don’t quite understand this question. The folklore is primary Slavic pagan source. Let me clarify this. Folklore was invariably omitted from academic studies of Slavic religion because of the bias of the academic community based on their religious affiliation (either Christian or atheist), distrust toward oral sources, lack of understanding between urban and rural and lack of field work on the part of ethnologists and historians.It was not until late XX century when folklore of the Slavic people started to be more seriously explored by some members of the academic community (unfortunately percentage is still tragically low), although some earlier attempts were quite successful (however being rather solitary cases, they did not produce follow ups). It was only then that customs and rituals of the Slavic people were first compared with and then confirmed by written sources of the early and middle medieval age and archaeological findings.
If, like myself, you hate exams or get really nervous for them, all of this can put you off quite quickly. I feel exam fear and have doubt in my ability to pass them 99% of the time. The thing is, when you love something so much, it doesn’t matter how many exams you have to take, you just get on with them and study hard. Fortunately up until this point I’ve never failed an exam but if I didn’t feel that exam fear coupled with my love for flying, then I don’t think I would study as hard as I do and as a result would probably fail.
- Tissue paper 2 ply 100′s or 3 ply 72′s $0.49 each Limit 4 (Royale) — $1.19 each after limit
On the table is that .22 Rossi I wrote about in November. I had a bunch of failures to fire in the Rossi, with bulk Federal .22LR (this stuff - not a customer, no kickback, yada yada), and some FTF with a box of PMC Moderator subsonic. I'd say no big deal - you usually get a few duds with cheap bulk ammo, but we were using two guns: a S&W 22A semiauto and that Rossi revolver. In the 22A, every round went bang, while I probably tossed a half dozen from the Rossi. Seems like the strike must be too light, and I think I'll have that checked.
3. Use the fork to mash the skyflakes.
Anonymity is a thing of the past amongst the technologically savvy. Whining about your crushes in what you believe to be secret is no longer an option. I became acutely aware of what it meant to have an Internet presence, and my presence dissipated, as did the presences of many of my peers. I now roll my eyes at the concept of reading articles online only to have an ad appear that asks if I wish to link this website to my Facebook profile. No thanks, Internet, I don’t want everyone to know that I was paying an awful lot of attention to the grizzly details of that murderous rampage while also looking up vegan cake recipes. That’s the kind of information that blurs the comfortable line I keep between acquaintances and friends.
with La Cuevita, we are perfecting the concept in 2012. We wanted to
As their group dispersed the man handed the child to a woman...whom I assume was the mother. I only guess because she then handed the child to a little boy around my son's age...6 or 7. (No one would do that unless they were a mother of the child)
My dearest Lila,
Prime the chalkboard by rubbing a piece of chalk all over it
I am the surprise star in this week’s selection for Gems from the Web – or, at least, my teapot cosy is! My upstream pal in Knitmas last year was Evin, a.k.a. FreckledPast; and as part of the jam-packed pamper present she sent my way was a fabulous teacosy. She shares the pattern for the teacosy on her blog.
Awards carry responsibility–responsibility to uphold the honor given and to abide by their rules. Four conditions come with this nomination, and this post is part of my compliance. But, more importantly, my expression of sincere gratitude.
It moves with the tide of history: it accepts that public, Catholic and independent schools each have a role to play in Australian education.
there would be no road rage
In the focus that integrates lessons learned,
18. Good Life…How I’m living right now.
one...pause...two...pause...three...pause.
dwindling
The actual minutes of the symposium were published in the July, 1948 issue of the American Journal of Psychotherapy, a quarterly publication that was the official organ of the Association for the Advancement of Psychotherapy. This journal covered the proceedings of the Association's meetings as well as editorials, case studies, book listings and advertisements dealing with all areas of psychiatry and psychology. The journal was released after this firestorm ensued.
Last night, according to Bob – over beers in the Gilded Balloon’s exclusive Loft Bar and in front of witnesses – Tommy Sheppard, owner of the Stand comedy club, offered to pay for the defence of Kunt in any prosecution and/or pay the £3,000 fine.
One can imagine how refreshed I felt upon returning to the — as yet — non-Muslim world, to the sunshine, to relative freedom.
While the curd is forming dampen some cheesecloth. Lay a double layer of cheesecloth in a fine mesh sieve placed over a bowl to catch the whey. Pour the cheese curds and whey into the cheesecloth and allow to drain undisturbed for about 20-30 minutes. The longer the cheese sits the finer and less distinct the grain becomes. Transfer the ricotta to a air tight bowl and use anywhere you'd normally use ricotta like lasagna or stuffed pasta recipes. Stores in the refrigerator for up to 7 days.
Rob
149: Michael Balasi (9-1, 7 KOs) vs. Van Oscar Penovaroff (6-0-1, 4 KOs)
Sometimes I think I'm goin' insane
You may recall my troubles at the 2010 Chicago Marathon. They were many and somewhat devastating. As I approach Sunday, I want to create a meaningful transition into the GO! St. Louis Marathon. I want to look back and where I was and use that to move forward.
While they have vast playing time with some of Japan’s greatest underground musicians, Sgt. has built up a repertoire of playing with western bands when they come to Japan. They have opened for the German progressive band, CAN, Damo Suzuki, and the Art of Fighting from Australia. The vast distances they cover in the music scene surely has added deep nuances to their musical productions and is definitely a band to keep an eye on.
Though the message sounded innocuous and friendly, any kind of message from the underworld was not a good sign. So the brothers were not too excited about the prospect. But the Lords summons could not be denied either. So One Hunahpu spoke up, “We are glad to accept your Lords’ invitation. But please give us time to take leave of our old mother”
Today I love the..
This was soo cool!! I’d always wanted to be in one of those awesome million marches or whatever, so that i could post pictures of myself on facebook, or better yet, just point at the faceless multitude and say i was there ( being there in spirit counts too!!)
Thanks so much for stopping by, Have a GREAT Monday Everyone!!!
04 Walkabout
Vitamin B-2 may also help relieve the frequency of migraine headaches. B-2 or riboflavin is found in broccoli, eggs, almonds, raw milk, fermented soy products, whole grains, and organ meats.
While wandering down my rue this morning, I noticed this poster in the window of my local pharmacie. It's an ad for a pair of tights that in my home country might euphemistically be referred to as "control tights". In the interests of calling a spade a spade, these tights are essentially a modern day girdle - an item of apparel whose sole purpose is to suck in a lady's tummy.
I hope this cheers Colin up a bit, it was a nasty accident. The other guy has been charged with reckless driving, but that doesn't help Colin. I hope it's not too long before he comes back home to Gillian and Hannah.
was about 85 degrees outside. All I could think of was summer is right at the corner and it always comes with fairs, festivals, barbeques and so forth. I then also realized that most part of these fun activities/activities encompasses consumption of different types of foods. The Center for Disease Control states that foodborne illnesses increases during the summer months. Henceforth, it becomes even more necessary to implement food safety measures. It is important that whether at home, at fairs, or at a barbeque party one remembers the practices of food safety: clean, separate, cook and chill. So as a consumer it is important for oneself to ask if the vendors wear gloves to handle food? Has the vendor been inspected by the state to sell food? And other questions of these sorts.
Elsewhere in the book McCombes describes Sheridan as a “rampaging egomaniac”, a “disordered personality”, “damaged goods”, a “political gangster”, a “man without basic human decency” and, let us not ignore, an “abuser of women”.
Michael has many talents, most involves drinking beer very quickly, but he has other uses too, as we were to find out at rugby today. All photos courtesy of Sue....
I don't remember how old I was at that time, but I'll never forget that conversation.
What’s wrong with Holbrook goes beyond the Takers, sadistic guards who threaten the student body with Tasers and pepper spray; or Nurse who doles out pills at bedtime and doses of solitary confinement when kids step out of line; or Rita, the strange girl who delivers ominous messages to Faye that never seem to make any sense. What’s wrong with Holbrook begins and ends with Faye’s red hands; she and her newfound friends—her Holbrook “Family”—wake up every morning with their hands stained the terrible brown red of blood. Faye has no idea what it means, but fears she may be the cause.
Yesterday I told you about Paul’s jealousy towards his little sister and his reaction to her arrival in the family. Today I’m going to tell you about a time when Lise was about 18 months old and Paul was 10.
21. ANIL KUMBLE (IND) Legbreak Googly (1989-2010)
But the story doesn't end there. Oh no ...
A senior rabbi from a party within Israel’s coalition government has called for Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas to “vanish from our world”.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to see atrocities such as the gulf oil spill and then turn a blind eye toward distractions of a more entertaining nature, thus never following through with a sustainable solution and/or a correction for all living beings threatened and/or murdered due to the negligence of the human nature of man through the direction of and as the mind as consciousness.
Now the rule applies to an “official” which is defined in Article 1.1 of the SFA’s Articles of Association as “any person having a function or duty or position involving authority or trust within a club … including any such person who is able to exercise control over the majority of the board of any such club (whether or not that person is himself intimated to the Registrar of Companies as holding the office of a director)”.
The subtitles are typically in English. If you buy from an English-speaking nation. This one has subtitles in Japanese and Taiwanese. A little lesson in scrimping, free from me to you.
And faerie lords and wooded elves
Sapto Djojokartiko’s dresses featured in Harper’s Bazaar Indonesia Wedding Ideas, below are the compiled images:
I think that's it for now. :) They are listed in no particular order. Now, I'm not delusional or anything. I know I won't get them all done, but if I accomplish even a portion of them, I'll be pretty excited!
There are thousands of islands in the bay and they are only considered islands if they have grass on them. Many share the same names, because there are so many. We were surprised to see several small islands with a couple sheep grazing. Greta later told us that they also taste incredible. I don't eat mutton, so I'll take her word for it.
On a positive note, you have a great stride. And if you had committed a crime, I bet you could have outrun your pursuers. Nicely done.
Despite the fact we live in a society that has at most only 4% who self-describe themselves as atheists, the more active among them have the audacity to demand that Christmas be banished to the privacy of homes or the pews and pulpits of churches. They rebuke religion in general as the source of conflict and wars, but ignore the spiritual support and ethical lessons that Christianity provides along with its promise of salvation.
AND … there is still time to go on to USO Thanks From Everywhere and send a personal message of remembrance and gratitude to our troops serving abroad. It’s a great chance to let the men & women serving our country know that even if they can’t get home for the holidays, their hometowns are thinking of them!
-Finding the good that is inside every person I meet.
I think the Prince is becoming quite the little op-shopper!
Now look at the pictures themselves. How does the palette of colours used in the pictures work with the colour of the paper and any colour in the text? What does the style of the pictures tell you about the book? Are they whimsical, flippant, strong, aggressive, traditional, avant garde?
Katherine Jenkins and Mark Ballas: 29 (10, 9, 10)
Disappointing. On the plus side, the prices for our lunchtime veggie meals are the cheapest on the menu! I was cheeky enough to ask for an evening menu to see if the vegetarian options improved: Sadly, again there is only one Veggie starter, and two vegetarian mains, one of which is very niche (a curry) and the other a pasta dish, which sounds delicious. The trouble here of course is that the vegetarian starter …is Pasta ..and the main (that most would go for)…is pasta *facepalm*. Even having pasta and then rice doesn’t really sound like a very great idea, menu needs a rethink. No specials on the board, that’s what the Mother’s Day Menu has replaced.
Isn’t laughter
Mildred finally finds her tongue and tells the ungrateful little bitch that she buys everything for Monty and essentially supports him. She even pays his polo dues. Really, Mildred? His polo dues? Why the hell are you paying those? Oh, right, because you’re a sap. Mildred also, finally, locates her inner mean streak and tells Veda he hasn’t been squiring her around town out of the goodness of his heart, he does it because she pays him to, and he bitches about it all the time. Ha! Mildred tells her daughter that she’s in the exact same position as Monty, living off of Mildred, and she won’t get another cent until she apologizes for every last thing she’s said. Veda roars that she doesn’t have to apologize for anything, so Mildred wrestles her down to the piano bench and tells her daughter that that’s the piano she’ll be practicing on until Mildred’s good and ready to buy her another. Veda squeals angrily as Mildred runs out of the house and takes refuge in the car so she can have a good old cry. Why, exactly, does she love this hateful child so much?
The counter. That was white tile. I use the term white loosely. People advised us to live with it for a while, but I just couldn't. And when we pulled it up and saw maggots living under it we knew that was a good decision. Yes, we lived with a plywood counter for years after that, but it was a clean plywood counter.
Typical triggers are: bedtime, homework, chores, money, playing/hanging out with friends, clothes, shoes, hair, makeup, required family activities, food, sibling conflict, video games, television, computers and cell phones.
Being from South Bend, I am the only person that I know, that is not from South Bend, that has heard of Dyngus Day! Dyngus Day is a Polish holiday that is celebrated the Monday after the Easter holiday. I looked up the origins of this day and what traditions go along with Dyngus Day and I suggest you Google it for yourself if you want a good laugh. So being in the mood of Polish food, I designed a dinner menu that would fit into Polish traditions (as far as I know).
In other news, Shaun and Molly from Texas have moved on after leaving our caravan enriched by this little piece of artwork:
Move on and climb up the mountain
The Smashing Pumpkins+
I'm doing some housekeeping in the baseball picture card room and I'd like to tie up some loose Allen & Ginter 2011 ends. I tried to get behind this release but could never fully buy into it.
First the card real quick. A thank you from me to you using the Something for Everyone Collection from Nikki Sivils. (which is a part of the huge giveaway) I consider each of you a crafty friend and I'm ever so grateful to share a little bit of my life with ya.
I opened my eyes slowly and scanned the room unable to place where I am. The dream left me listless and sad.
Kotopoulo Lemonato
I'm so glad it's almost Friday...it's been One Of Those Weeks, if you know what I mean...
I have been called slut by my mother, by strangers, as a virgin, in jeans, in a near-lingerie appearing maid’s costume at yet another Halloween party…it’s clear to me that I am considered a slut no matter what I wear. The young women last year that were being “warned” by the police here in Toronto were indeed just that, YOUNG (and most likely naive). As a virgin, after taking a traditional photography class, I took a series of black and white nude self-portraits, kept the negs and the only one-off prints for myself. Only three people have seen them; this was not a slutty action so much as a provocative one. Though, upon hearing about it only, a co-worker 25 years my senior took it as a flirtation and cause to corner me, after hours, in a steel doored storage room. I honestly didn’t consider that potential viewpoint when recounting this story; as far as I was concerned we were strictly and literally talking about the tradition of portraiture in art (he was a photographer; majority of my work, mostly painting, is portraiture; and that was the only nude in my 20 year history of making visual artwork). My age and obvious innocence (in my demeanor, how I expressed myself,) was not a double entendre and should have been easily registered by someone older than my parents who had a daughter my age at the time. I think the same thing should go with my style and mode of dress as it shifts to accommodate social setting (as does anyone’s). My style of dress, cut or lack of clothing, as circumstance may have it, has not been a reliable source or clue to my sexual behaviour, attitudes, or intentions. And yet, generally, culturally, we assume that dress indicates invitation (veiled or conscious) or consent. In fact, a neuropsych PhD candidate friend of mine recently made me aware of studies indicating that some brains, in the same way other developmental disorders require cognitive training in order to recognize emotional states in others, simply cannot recognize a grimacing or frightened face when paired with a body whose sexual organs are on display. Now, don’t take this to mean we have a science regarding exactly what hemline tips such a brain off as to see “invitation only” over all other cues. The images shown to these test subjects often only differed subtly. If both biology and culture do not offer predictable measures for gauging sexual situations, subjects or objects, than how can we aptly apply the word “slut” to anyone on the basis of dress let alone implicate them in the chain of culpability or accountability that surrounds a sexual assault or the perceived possibility of one, especially if they are either too young or too naive (not always readily discernible) to really comprehend the potential harms, dangers, or consequences of their own actions or beliefs let alone those of others?
I liked the movie. I liked it a lot, but this little gem below -- I LOVE. In 11 minutes, they manage to tell the whole story and to include all the details that were left out from the movie. I thought they must have made it in specific response to that, but it first posted on their Facebook page before the movie was released.
Jesus is thrilled that you’ve seen the value of the new life that he offers, but it’s so much more rewarding when you give it back to him.
Breaking Dawn. Waste of money. Waste of time. Waste of potential for moral uplift foreshadowed in the earlier books in the series. Basically badfic and wish fulfillment.
His choices echo the catchcry of the First Things First manifesto, originally penned in 1964 and updated in 2000 in Adbusters, signed by ‘graphic designers, art directors and visual communicators.’* Any recent graduate might find themselves crying, ‘There are pursuits more worthy of our problem-solving skills!’ when faced with the sheer futility of the corporate job they have taken.
I guess it was. But at 12 I met my best friend. I was starting 7th grade. I remember sleepovers when I was 12. Comparing who had boobs and pubes and talking about boys. Sienna, thankfully, isn't all boy crazy like I was but some of her friends are. Last night they were singing karaoke and God Bless the Broken Road came on. Oh yeah, you guessed it...drama. Tears. Sadness. Oh, it reminds me of my ex-boyfriend! *gulp* *gasp* *sob* I'll be ok. Silly girls.
The hill was easy! Because of our training at Ringwood Manor, I was pleasantly surprised!
I hope to get the ceiling in the kitchen tomorrow, and maybe the upper cabinets. We’ll see.
There might be a sequel
text from North Star Stamp
I had such problems with this card! Not the actual card but deciding what to do. My Mother in law asked me to make a card for her neighbour - who is 90 at the week end so decided to combine this with the challenge. But what do you make for a 90year old man that you don't know!! I made some enquiries and found out he likes gardening, going to church,bring and buy sales and is teetotal! To me that's more challenge than any you're likely to find in blogland!! So out of that I went with the gardening.
Our campout involved taking these "city kids" out to expose them to camping skills they will build on in later trips in the seventh & eighth grades in preparation for a 10 day backpacking trip they are required to take in the August before their freshman year. Aside from learning campfire skills such as fire building and cooking over the fire, we have fun with activities such as orienteering, nature hikes, a short "solo" / journaling session, and of course fun games in a meadow. On this years trip, we benefited from the VERY early spring by getting to see a range of wildlife that we had not seen at this place in previous years.
8. What is your favorite color?
It was a great feeling to be out in the sunshine after the dark days of deep winter. I traveled around 30 Km, enjoying the day, looking for caribou and foxes, which are the main large animals we have here this time of year. I saw several small groups of caribou, from a single animal to a group of 7 cows, for a total of 30 head. The sun was still low when I took a few pictures of one of the groups, and the snow drifts reflected an orange-red glow to the scene.
Grady also loves to be really silly, especially with Hadley. And even though he loves his sisters, he does have a deep desire to have a little brother. We shall see how that all unfolds, but in the meantime, he has started to say things like, "I'll save this for my little brother." ;) I'd say he has faith that somehow he will have one someday. :) (which in all likelihood he will somehow, whether biologically or through adoption)
“Always impressive Sora. I can’t believe you can move like that, you have been training very hard. After you give a demonstration for the council your position will be written in stone. Not even your uncle will be able to sway there minds. Are you sure Rex hasn’t told him of your strengths?” she gives me a uneasy smile, she fears for me, for my plans.
Here's to a day of trying to get better (and doing tons of laundry)
ideals dashed like stormy waves on the rocks of reality….and
Something that did raise the spirits over the bank holiday weekend was the yearly but ever-so-humble Annual Beddington Fete. Lots of stalls selling bric-a-brac, raffle tickets, tombola, etc but the real attraction of all of this was the open day at the Wildlife Hospital. Set on the edge of Beddington Park, this "charidable" organisation helps restore the health of many animals that can be found in the nearby surroundings, such as foxes, pigeons, ducks and squirrels. They've rescued an albino squirrel from being beaten to death by the more common grey squirrels that infest the locality. I say infest, because to some folk they're classed as vermin. I was once told of an ancient law: if you capture a grey squirrel you are not supposed to let it go and you must kill it to stop the genetic spread of these creatures. I'll be sure to do that next time one of the little gits get into my vehicle through the open sunroof.
Down the brit every week, United and arsenal on match of the day
for a steal of a deal yesterday
7. Bake it for 20-25 minutes. Then take it out in serving bowl.
Mark: Learning when to quit and not pester the crap out of his brothers.
Founded in 1948, Robert Half International, the world’s first and largest specialized staffing firm, is a recognized leader in professional staffing services. The company’s specialized staffing divisions include Accountemps, Robert Half Finance & Accounting and Robert Half Management Resources, for temporary, full-time and senior-level project professionals, respectively, in the fields of accounting and finance; OfficeTeam, for highly skilled temporary administrative support personnel; Robert Half Technology, for information technology professionals; Robert Half Legal, for legal personnel; and The Creative Group, for interactive, design, marketing, advertising and public relations professionals. Robert Half International has staffing and consulting operations in more than 400 locations worldwide. Find more information at www.roberthalf.com, and follow us on Twitter at twitter.com/roberthalf.
Jupiter himself entered Pluto’s domain. When Pluto had found out about Vyst’s master plan he was gob smacked. Yet the big problem was to confess to Jupiter about the disappearance. He knew his brother well, and he knew that there was no limit to his temper. Pluto was waiting at the entrance to greet his brother. He had dismissed his guards when he found out that they were Vyst’s spies.
If you only gave yourself credit, for all the things you do that you do not give yourself credit for, you'd be astonished to learn how much you really do accomplish in a single day. Every single day.
Jim gave a wonderful presentation on the final day of the exhibit.
Then we went to visit the goats, where you can pet them and sit down next to them. When she pulled at the gate and it wouldn't open she started to sob again. It was like she really needed to unleash all that emotion, until she was really done- and after the first thing that set her off (the dolphin show), it didn't matter what it was, she just had to keep releasing and releasing.....
4) Much strong beer is foreign. The voter demographic is notoriously xenophobic.
However, there is a slight problem with this anti-statist approach. The programs espoused by many of these intellectuals, from Eric Hobsbawm to Herbert Bix, Noam Chomsky and Dai Jinhua, require a stronger, not a weaker state. Anti-statist they may be, but at the same time they call for equality between ethnic groups, well-funded public education, social justice and generous welfare programs. In other words, a fairer distribution of the communal goods. But in order to distribute fairly, one needs to invest the distributer with considerable power. And as long as you expect the distribution to be more fair, more just and more equitable, the distributer has to penetrate further into the fabric of society, and to employ more, not less, legislation, enforcement and coercion. Money for welfare will not come of its own. Someone has to collect it. And if more money is to be collected, the collecting bureaucracy has to be bigger and stronger. In short, there is an interesting schizophrenia in the political ideology of the New Left: on the one hand, it detests the nation-state and strives to weaken it as much as possible. On the other hand, it still wants it to fulfill more functions, to collect more money, to enforce more justice and equality. Leftist intellectuals and activists are beating their cow, and at the same time expect it to produce more milk.
We celebrated St Patrick's Day yesterday while watching the last day of Cheltenham & the gold cup.
So next time you sit and think "I am a human pacifier" or feel like a dairy cow while pumping- please try and remember the words this LC said. You are a mother- doing what mothers were made to do.
To be honest, if we wanted to take a utilitarian approach to this issue then wouldn’t keeping marijuana illegal be the best option for America’s social, economic, and political well being? I think so. To clarify, I’m no ultra-conservative, racial-profiling ignorant, but I am a firm believer that America would fair much better without an underclass of unjustly convicted ‘felons’ and coach-potato marijuana users with the munchies.
Second, Paul praises them that they have no need to be reminded to love. However, he does remind them that love, as everything in life, is something that can and must increase if it is to remain living and vibrant.
I brought him a menu and cheerfully asked if there was anything he would like to drink. He was like
He’s exactly right, as evidenced by this poll we posted yesterday:
At this stage I’m anticipating that my second draft, after cutting and rewriting and expanding, will bring the novel to around one hundred thousand words. I just hope Luke and I can get through it intact, mentally and also, after sticking my butt to the chair for so many hours, physically.
And there. And there. And there. And there. And there.
As someone in the post has suggested I imagine you could try this with just about anything including toothpaste, shampoo, body wash, etc. I just wouldn’t suggest trying to carry them i n your carry on if you fly. The TSA tends to be a little testy about that kind of thing.
Last month I talked about my experience with Kate Spade Dresses. This month I wanted to share some info on See by Chloé. Both brands make really cute clothes in my opinion, and both are pretty hard to find where I live. I haven't been able to locate much sizing information beyond the occasional garment measurements posted on ebay. So I hope this helps all my fellow ebay addicts and online sale stalkers make informed purchase decisions.
.....he’s very kind to animals
I would have to watch The Vow again to be sure.
UGH!! Revisions, schoolwork, swimming, crit group chapters. Where has the day gone?
Friend: Sure he does! What about the kids at church?
1 increasingly
“She can walk quite well, she runs with her walking frame, but the balance and strength to hold her body up, she’s still working on that.”
Such is war...
When I was in school, back in the 70's and 80's, gym was too focused on competitive sports. For a kid like me who was a little overweight and a whole lot uncoordinated, the competitiveness of gym sucked all the fun out of it. I hated coming in last in almost every race. I hate swinging and missing almost every time I was up to bat. I hated seeing the volleyball come toward me and just knowing I was going to miss volleying it. I dropped out of gym classes as soon as I could, which did nothing to help the whole uncoordinated/overweight thing. I defined myself as someone who wasn't very good at sports. I gave up even trying.
I was saddened to see that Park City High School and the ICCJ have gone about this great idea to help bridge gaps in completely the wrong way. I am willing to give the teachers a bit of a pass, because maybe they are really unaware of what they are promoting, which is social justice. However, I think it’s time that all involved take a long look at what kind of indoctrination and guilt is being pushed. And this is happening to our children while they are under the care of our educators. While it is important to teach values and principles in school, the way they are taught is just as important. This is not the way to do it. This is a group with a political end-game more in line with Marxism and Socialism than American individualism and equal justice. The principal of the school should be screening programs such as these, and have opt-out letters available for parents to sign. We are watching.
After a bit of Depapepe and Laura Fygi (both good), we went in to hear Pat Metheny. And I was floored. An instant convert. His music was magical; there was only the single sore point of ‘VIPs’ sitting behind us and opting to talk to each other LOUDLY while he played. Souvik, the non-confrontational man, went off in search of another space in the music hall, while I stayed put and gave those oldies a very small piece of my mind to shut them up. Pat Metheny played an encore which was probably the most heavenly piece of music I’ve heard in a while. Hats off!
Violet Willoughby doesn't believe in ghosts. But they believe in her. After spending years participating in her mother's elaborate ruse as a fraudulent medium, Violet is about as skeptical as they come in all matters supernatural. Now that she is being visited by a very persistent ghost, one who suffered a violent death, Violet can no longer ignore her unique ability. She must figure out what this ghost is trying to communicate, and quickly because the killer is still on the loose. Afraid of ruining her chance to escape her mother's scheming through an advantageous marriage, Violet must keep her ability secret. The only person who can help her is Colin, a friend she's known since childhood, and whom she has grown to love. He understands the true Violet, but helping her on this path means they might never be together. Can Violet find a way to help this ghost without ruining her own chance at a future free of lies? (From Goodreads.com. Obviously.)
0090: learning to not let life slip away
Suggested Pairings: Fish dishes, salads, and light sauces.
“Come, let us bow down in worship,
Something that you’re not even sure is real, but is enough to make you want to scream ENOUGH.
Minot is home to the cardiologist bismarck north dakota and boating are the cardiologist bismarck north dakota with anglers catching white bass, pike and walleye on a regular basis. Whopper yellow perch are favorite winter prizes for the cardiologist bismarck north dakota of moving elsewhere to find it but am sorry to disappoint you that it is not entirely true. There are two camping sites in the cardiologist bismarck north dakota and boating are the cardiologist bismarck north dakota with anglers catching white bass, pike and walleye on a regular basis. Whopper yellow perch are favorite winter prizes for the cardiologist bismarck north dakota. You can expect to be thoroughly qualified for a loan. Nobody knows your budget better than you.
So, I went to the back door of our apartment, only to find that, while I can very securely lock the door from the inside, I can't actually lock it from the outside. Key. Fits in lock. Doesn't turn. Won't lock. FUCK! So my choices were: leave apartment unlocked and unarmed (yeah, that's a big hell no) or get filthy going downstairs.
Oh, look! It's Reese Witherspoon up next in a very simple Armani Privé. It's actually a pretty dress. Simple and effective, but nothing new. We've seen dresses like this all the time. I'm just really not feeling the hair.
Deal is, we can walk places if we have to, but the Saudis and other oil sheiks have to eat, and last I read, crude oil is not part of the four food groups.
Lois Weinberger
Super (2010)
with tow chains, boy
True, my room was about half the size it had been before. But this time I had a gorgeous roof top from which I could see New Jersey and Manhattan at the same time. Celebrate Brooklyn in the summer was just 10 minutes away (by foot), and I made a point to see almost all of their Saturday evening concerts from June on. The oldest theater of Brooklyn, the Pavilion, was a fast walk up to Prospect Park West and, even though it was not too comfortable to sit in, I still had the chance to see a few good movies during rainy or cold days.
The words which describe the precreation world are, “tohu v’vohu.” They literally mean, “darkness and void.” Only twice do you see these words together, one of those times being in Genesis 1:2. This world is described as having a ”deep,” or, “ocean.” For the ancient Israeli, the sea was the home of the demons, Rahab and Leviathan. It was the ultimate picture of chaos.
This is a common criticism of unschooling. All I can tell you is that, in our life and in our family, my wants count for a LOT. I am spoiled rotten. I know it's hard to imagine, but all four of us (mom, dad, two teenaged girls) get MOST of what we want (and I say that after coming off almost a year of unemployment - it's about an attitude of abundance rather than an unlimited supply of money). This makes for a happy family that I could not have imagined in our pre-unschooling days.
1: Solidarity.
7. I wrote my Master's Thesis on the movies of Japanese animated movie director Hayao Miyazaki in case you haven't figured out how much a nerd I am. (My Master's Degree is also pretty much useless to anyone wondering.)
a mind for thinking
Am I the only one who reacts so viscerally to this?
- Nachos in Brown Sauce with Queso Fresco
As many of you will know, Kenny K is currently a digital stamp artist (amongst many other things) and although Whimsy will not be carrying any Kenny K digis, we are making some of Kenny's existing designs into rubber and then hopefully adding some new designs along the line that will be exclusive to the Whimsy rubber collection!
Got to get you some of
We headed over to Senor Frog's at the request of one of the kids. Three words: overpriced, crappy food. If you ever head a little off the typical tourist traps, there's a great restaurant inside Market 28: Veracruz Restaurant. It's family-owned and the food is fantastic, cheap, and plentiful. They actually bring the bottle of tequila out to fill up your margarita tableside. Yum!
My guess is that eating cornflakes, etc is well established amongst a minority of people, but it is a relatively new phenomenon. They will normally be eaten dry as a snack (mainly afternoon or evening), but milk will be added sometimes. The milk will often be warmed up. I am sure that I saw them referred to as 'płatki śniadanowa' somewhere (breakfast cereals), but I suspect this is an imported concept.
2. Powermint Tic Tacs
In addition the right wing protestors shouted: “Death to terrorists,” and “terrorists out.” One of them burnt a cardboard drawing of a Palestinian flag. Another shouted out: “Murderers, where were you when a little girl was killed.” The left wing protestors responded with: “You’re the murderers.”
Forgive me if the recipe is incomplete. Satan did say, "I'm using an infusion mash with a two hour boil time." I don't do all grain recipes.
A silly thing, I know... BUT! I finally beat Super Smash Brothers Brawl's All-Star mode on Intense... with no continues.
We were pretty damn full at this point, but we had to try some dessert as well as some after-dinner drinks. We went with the Chocolate Pecan Cake, a Bulleit bourbon on the rocks for Gia and a Sazarac made with absinthe and apricot-infused bourbon for me. Perfect ending for the meal. I also accidentally ordered some beignets, but I was too full to eat them so we had them bagged to take home. I didn't get a picture of them, but they were delicious!
(*Series were "timed exclusives" that eventually appeared on added systems afterwards several months to a year.)
“Bird” he signed,
I breathe in.
At the time of his death Vaux lived in Manhattan and served on the Consolidation Commission, which examined the proposal to join the cities of New York and Brooklyn into one municipality.
"Healthified" Ice Cream = 137 calories, 1.3 carbs, 0 fiber, 3.4 g protein
huh. i guess i do have a positive attitude. even when i bitch about my mom, it is in a somewhat positive way. when i get angry over something that someone did to me in the past, one of my first thoughts is “someday, you will be working for me”.
Someone wealthy for no other reason than that they happened to be born healthy.
It was a magnificent structure, in brick on the outside with a white art deco interior, and was open to the elements. The sun shone for almost the entire week of the swimming event, which brought in large crowds and encouraged the sportsmen and women to many impressive performances. Chief among them was Johnny Weissmuller, who won two gold medals and who would later find international fame as Tarzan in several Hollywood films.
We needed to feel something, anything, besides apart
(This would also make an excellent dip!)
I don't think I should have bothered with the camping weekend I am sorry to say.
Newsletter Subscribers: 800
Few people have that special touch, a miraculous skill, that relentless dedication to their profession that make an incredible difference in peoples' lives. This special lady Bernie who is a paediatric physiotherapist has all those qualities. My daughter had the good fortune to start seeing Bernie when she was just a few months old. She was very fragile and her future was very uncertain. Ashley needed Bernie's help to gain head control, roll over, use her arms to reach, and bear weight through her legs. I began to learn that she is one of the very best in her field and Ashley was so very lucky to have her on her team.
To begin with, I couldn't believe how white this vanilla ice cream was. I suppose this was from the lack of egg yolks. All of the ingredients I used were white (and no vanilla extract) although Jeni told us that the milk she uses is from grass-fed cows and it's yellow.
It was a stonking social media evening and excellent tutored tasting. Many thanks to the Organisers for puting it all together, Pete Brown for holding it all together, the brewers for their beers and to the Massive Headed Magic Rock Brewing Overlords for keeping us entertained.
This “temporary” wine rack is just to hold me over until I can purchase or construct an actual Wine Bunker in my walk-in closet, though I will deny that till the day I die if the wife were to ever catch wind of that idea, since she sees no reason why I should even have just a tiny 6-bottle rack, because in her mind, having six unopened bottles of wine is just an expensive waste of money and valuable counter-space.
When Anderson first told a group of reporters at Cannes in 2000 that he wanted to make his next film with Sandler, he was reportedly laughed at. No serious director would make a formulaic movie with a Hollywood star whose fortune was made playing the King of juvenile humor. Meanwhile, when Punch-Drunk Love finally debuted in late 2002, both Anderson’s cinephile devotees and Sandler’s legion of fans alike were often completely bewildered by a movie that was utterly unlike either Boogie Nights or Magnolia, not to mention—on the other extreme—such bona fide box-office hits as Happy Gilmore, Billy Madison or The Wedding Singer.
Let me preface this article by first saying I have nothing against the wonderful industry of e-publishing. I believe the ever-increasing popularity of publishing books in this format is due, largely in part, to the fact that it makes novels more available and easy to access on just about any mobile platform. (Hey, I have a Kindle and I enjoy it!) However, I do take offense with some authors who believe just about anything is publishable and, yeah, anyone should be happy with it and not rip it apart. Those who believe this way, believe the content (i.e. their story, the creative idea behind his/her work, the saturated genre) is fine the way it is, and that the craft (i.e. the wordcraft, the language, the actual plot, the beauty in which one creates the story, the actual prose) isn't all that important. In other words, if the story is dumbed down for the reader, who cares? I care, and so should any serious writer/reader out there.
The guy on the bridge playing Galaga? Classic.
Is there a man alive today with the manners and discretion of Lieutenant Cornelius Wagstaff?
This dog is the most loving dog ever. I am saying IS, as in, presently. Her name is SATAN backwards, if that tells you anything. Three days after having her she started having seizures, daily for the next year. I’m not going to lie, I wanted to put her to sleep after the first month of cleaning up her shit and laying on top of her so she wouldn’t bit anyone or hurt her self. It was so tiring. But NOOOO! Dr. Doolittle saved the day. It caused many arguments in my house. We where both being selfish. I was sick of having to take care of the mess alone, and he was in love with the bitch. Well, a year after the seizures stopped, I can say I am honestly glad I didn’t. She is my girl and when the day comes that she does leave me, my heart will be forever broke.
Why is that all the single girls look negatively down on this holiday? Most girls dream of love right? Well.. not all, that's why I said most. That doesn't mean you have to have a significant other to make you happy. You love you parents right? You love your family right? How about your best friend? Co-workers? Even your dog? See.. there are so many people you can choose to spend the day with. I love the idea of taking one day and celebrating how much you love each other, but why only have one day set aside for it? Shouldn't we be kind, thoughtful and loving every day of ours lives? That's why I choose to say this: today's not valentines for me... today is Tuesday. I will spend it like any other ordinary day like I have been for my whole life so far.
By the time we were finished, things were starting to look lively. We took a lunch break to go downtown and get my son a lobster for lunch, which he hadn't had before. I have, and not being a fan, I ate something less intimidating. The registration desk was set up by the time we got back, so we took care of the formalities. We were pleased to find that we could sign up for games for each time slot when we registered, being accustomed to the HMGS Cold Wars/Historicon system which only gives you one guaranteed entry per day. I chose to stretch a bit and try some games I don't usually play, but more of that in the proper order.
Watch out that you don't safety pin your clothes. Pull the skirt away from you! This is probably good for short term. If you like to keep it permenently like this, you should sew it. I'm obligated to tell you this, even though I'm too lazy to fully sew it myself.
Georges Remi, or more commonly known by his pen name Herge, (left) creator of the Tintin series and also one of Belgian’s most famous comic artists that captured the imagination of readers through ages.
There will be some very random posts in the next couple of days that may or may not be in any particular order so here goes!
Educating yourself via books, DVDs, and seminars is extremely important. There is a very large number of resources available. DogWise.com offers a huge array of books and even offers lists of recommended reading for those pursuing CCPDT and/or IAABC certifications. An excellent source for DVDs is TawzerDogVideos.com.
Jill
Its extortion.
The weather was absolutely perfect that day, allowing us to open the windows and doors of our friend’s 1940s Craftsman cottage. Outside, Emily set up a onesie decorating station, where our friends decorated plain white (washed) onesies of two years worth of sizes.
which is half the battle!
And for those of you who are brave souls, here’s what the toe looked like the day it happened (it was actually worse the second day – 100% of her toe nail was black at that point).
Gabby was in a dance review a couple of weeks ago. She did an awesome job and we are so proud of her. She loves dancing do much! She is still asking if she can go to her dance review again. At the beginning of the show they introduced all of the "stars of the show" one by one. Gabby came out and they said said, "introducing...Miss Gabby Anderson". Here she is coming out and doing a curtsy. It was adorable. I posted a million pictures. Sorry! She is just too cute and I couldn't choose.
The broad aim of the notification requirement under Article 8(1) of the Technical Standards Directive is to enable the Commission and other Member States to comment on draft legislation and for those comments to be taken into account, as Article 8(2) requires them to be, in the subsequent preparation of
- Red Bulls updates
you would kill the reason behind it,
Bill is my Knight in shining armor helping do the vacuuming, laundry, and emptying the dishwasher. He also helps with the kitty litter and lifts pans full of water etc. We work together for meal prep when needed. Love him to pieces!Thanks !
Oct 23 – Croation Cultural Centre – Vancouver, BC (W/Cobra Starship)
All glory to the dying Lamb!
Of this amazing togetherness
Black powder is composed of sulfur, potassium nitrate, and charcoal which is combined into a wet slurry, then allowed to harden and ground down to a fine "kern" or "corn" (which is given a letter grade to denote fineness). Modern smokeless powder is composed of cellulose (plant fiber) which has been dissolved in nitrating compounds (usually nitric acid, or nitric acid and nitroglycerin), mixed with various additives, then extruded and dried into small cylindrical grains, balls, or flakes.
"Getting your book into print with eprint will first and foremost be an enjoyable and rewarding experience. The control of the process is with the author. The ownership of the book produced is with the author. All rights, etc. remain with the author. Most importantly, the author will have a book that reflects the time and effort that has gone into it, so that it can stand comparison with any quality produced book in the market."
Sally Hawkins will probably get Best Actress - Comedy or Musical, unless I'm underestimating how much people love their Streep (see also, Best Actress - Drama).
And all of THAT doesn't include my church responsibilities ~ I'm primary president ( I know, who'd uh thunk it?, scares me too!), my husband is Elder's quorum president, my oldest daughter is a camp director assistant, achievement day leader, & Sunday school teacher, my 2nd oldest is Laurel president, my 3rd oldest is MiaMaid president, my 4th oldest is Beehive President, AND my son is now a deacon, and passes sacrament. Plus, from time to time, me & my oldest actually DO do our visiting teaching ( though we basically stink at this). (And our Primary Program is in 2 weeks.....hoooo bboooy...)
For unlike every other gathering, Mr. Think showed up now with his group of assistants and helpers, sturdy men who had volunteered to support his ventures after the village folks realized their tremendous benefits. The surprise of his appearance registered on every face.
Smart Balance Light Butter Flavor Deluxe Microwave Popcorn: will give you the same buttery taste without the trans fat or hydrogenated oils (and only 3.5grams of fat). It is also fairly low in sodium and low in calories – only 120 calories for 4 cups (popped)!
70) I had my first orgasm when I was ten years old. I multiple orgasm very easily. My record's 37, but that was on my own.
I dunno. I'm not real computery. I just type out words. How they show up on my page is a mystery to me.
Halloween memories from Scotland
We went for a long coffee. Back at 15.55 another couple were waiting. They had phoned to verify opening. They had been assured that not only would The Cask be open, it would be open all day.
Also important to consider, if you're thinking of participating: you must be willing to distribute your work exclusively on the Kindle. Here is the relevant language:
in 'movie' mode. I was going to post some up,
$2.00 off any L'Oreal Paris Revitalift
19:00 – 20:00 Cousin Avi
One of the sadder situations still talked about three years later was the Lewis/Marciano fight. What if, instead of the other way around, Lewis had knocked Marciano through ropes in the 8th? Undoubtedly since then, over tall ones in bar after bar, the illustrious boxin’ career of Joe Lewis, includin’ his defeat and his final bout, has been held up there with the greatness of Jim Thorpe, our Oklahoma Redskin who we all know stuck it to the Nazis. Go Jim, go Joe. Give ‘em credit, but Joe was still a nigger.
Thanks for popping by and taking a look, and I know it doesn't seem possible but I will be back tomorrow with my latest Allsorts creation, how time flies.....
Ludo arrives inRome, accompanied by some other guy and a lovely young woman. As they ride past the cheering throngs, Micheletto moves through the crowd, recruiting other men just by clapping them on the shoulder. That’s just how awesome he is. No words necessary, and suddenly we have the Band of Badass. And they really are a group of guys I’d never want to run into, even in broad daylight.
4.) My Family Has Strong Ties To African Freedom - NOT EXACTLY; your cousin
“That’s beside the point,” he insisted. “When a woman does aerobics you can see the shape of her body inside the leotard, but it’s not the same as watching her doing it with her tits hanging out.”
Self: “You studied it once though, didn’t you?” (laughter) “That was certainly worth our tax dollar.” (hilarity) “Sorry, that came out harsher than it should have.”
The novel perplexed me and enthralled me. What I have written here is but a small chiselling of my own into what this novel means on a deeper scale, in the very marrow of our bones where we attempt to break apart our own psyche like a puzzle, trying to formulate a pattern where a myriad of differing options seem apparent.
Thought I'd done it all. Thought it was covered and I have griefproofed my house. Then this morning I spotted two toys I'd missed. Hidden at the bottom of the bed. Lined up perfectly.
“Humans aren’t the most intuitive bunch are they? Listen, kid. You ever read comic books?”
Be Lucky Mark
Have yourself a massive Christmas tax break
Instead, it thoughtlessly nominated three panelists and entrusted them with “the responsibility of undertaking a sustained dialogue with the people of J&K to understand their problems and chart a course for the future”. Nothing suggests that the panel will “understand” the “problems” through a few desultory visits to Kashmir and that it’s better placed to suggest a way forward than dozens of recent civil society initiatives. It’s not easy to instil confidence among Kashmir’s widely divergent actors and produce worthy, consensual and practical solutions. In all probability, key groups in the Valley will boycott the panel. Kashmir is indeed the burial ground of countless attempts at mediation.
If you are in a relationship and it’s fantastic, meaningful, passionate, loving and intimate then congratulations! On a level of intimacy I would like to mention a few things. Maintain polarity, a masculine energy is best complimented by a feminine energy. And equally important and vice versa, a feminine energy is best complimented by a masculine energy. Don’t forget to continue to do the things that you did when you both fell in love. Remember, love is a verb. If you want to love someone, then, love them. You do love. You feel love when you do things for the other person that brings them absolute love and joy, that makes them feel valued. Keep writing those love letters, put them under the pillow, sprinkle that love dust on the meal you cook them or the hot drink you make them, keep it fun and playful. Keep dating each other. Try new things in the bedroom and don’t be afraid to talk openly and explore new things with each other. Intimacy when shared between two people soley is a gift.
if you feel that you may be coming down with a case of dragonitis, look out for these symptoms/factors:
Where I estimate we part company is that I believe whatever else this cocktail is intended to accomplish it will in fact also accomplish White European extinction. I also plainly say that Jews have played and continue to play a major role in causing this to happen, smears of anti-semitism or racism be damned.
I love any picture that shows your adorable teeth! Teething is awful, but it sure brings cute smiles!
Show off your successes. If your organization does something great…toot your own horn! Scream from the mountaintops! Let it be known that you did something great and you want to talk about it.
It’s only fair to yourself — to let down your guard and have people love you for who you truly are, rather than be a fake who only lets people hear what they want to hear. Or someone who acts like nothing is wrong, when deep down something is hurtful.
Beer: Adnams ‘The Bitter’ Cask 3.7%
“What would make a sweet, loving, caring woman turn into a grouch?”
“No divorce,” he replied.
At the moment, I have the trim weighted down until it drys(I'll trim the excess tomorrow). I thought that I had some green buttons for her eyes, but I can't find them! This is where I called it a night!
1 jam
Elysian Brewing Co
We have rhubarb and purple sprouting broccoli coming out of our ears at the moment... as is the asparagus, but as this is only year 2 on 2-year old crowns, we are being very good at licking our lips and leaving that alone for just one more year. Can't remember the proverb about being patient, but I'm sure spending several years waiting for an asparagus crop is a good example.
She cries
Baking the Custards
I highly encourage all of you to go buy a Boppy of your own. Pregnant or not! You will forever thank me.
Pre-published?
This wacky and most likely death-defying public transport was seriously considered in 1903 as a way to link the three downtown bridges -- the previously built Brooklyn Bridge, the brand new Williamsburg Bridge and the yet-to-be-completed Manhattan Bridge. This 'system of moving platforms or continuous trains' would flow from the Williamsburg Bridge terminal down to Bowling Green via underground tunnels. In essence, a subway without the subway car.
The programme, which kicks off on Monday with a nationwide request for proposals, would be geared towards black-owned companies involved in developing technology solutions in areas such as health care, education and safety and security. Qualifying companies should have a turnover of no more than R10m and be a software developer in areas including cloud computing, which involves delivering common business or research needs such as the storage of data, across the internet to a service provider.
my cuter-than-your-niece, rachel and diddy held hands everywhere. They love each other. Rachel would call silas her "best friend cousin" Oh, and see the sling on her arm? poor girl fell off the monkey bars at school and broke her collar bone. Those monkey bars, they get ya every time. I bet everyone has a "monkey bars" incident. It's like your rite of passage into childhood.
God has been, oh, how should I put this? Dealing with me on this. You see, it is not that I haven’t had the time to write that post. It was written up the same time as the first post. And it is sitting in my “drafts” box. I pulled it up a couple times last Wednesday and just couldn’t hit the “publish” button.
For those who haven’t read the books, the movie delivers a cool tale about what it’s like to grow up in a futuristic dystopia. And, it’s pretty neat to watch Katniss in action with her bow and arrow too.
Beth, all you need to do is email us at flourishesllc@cox.net and put Let's Have Tea Winner in the subject line. Don't forget your address so we can send your stamps to you!
All in all, the concert was an appetite-whetting prelude to the international tour of “Einstein on the Beach” that’s underway this year in honor of the work’s 35th anniversary. The dazzling video work in this production by Mezzocchi and Saeborjsson begs the question of whether Wilson will be updating “Einstein” will digital projections (I could see it going either way). We’ll just have to tune in when the tour hits the U.S., where it opens at BAM’s Next Wave Festival on Sept 14-23 and makes it first-ever (!) West Coast debut in Zellerbach Hall at UC Berkeley Oct. 26-28.
So, we're all in the car driving who knows where and the boys spot a Dick's Sporting Goods.
I find that as time passes, I feel more and more alive. More and more free. I feel that the world I live in is more and more alive. That it is filled with diversity. With hearts and souls that are different. That are still alive. And that care for so very many things. That the people I am finding now, in this new life, still believe in themselves. And in their friends, and the people that they know.
The dean looks at the attempt. ‘You must be nuts if you think that represents a hundred!’
- SFWA's page on publishing contracts. I provide this with a major caveat: ignore the model contracts, which are so outdated as to be nearly useless. Do check out, however, "An Introduction to Publishing Contracts," which provides a helpful discussion of many publishing contract clauses and terms.
We took the MapQuest-suggested route and quickly found ourselves at the interstate exit for Davidson Street. As soon as we hit the bottom of the ramp, we saw our first native, the driver of a retro Ford plastered with bumper stickers for alternative bands. Research we had done before the trip indicated the natives love it when you flag them down and ask them to pose for a picture. Actually, it turned out that they “love it” in quotes, which meant they actually hated it. Pinto Guy gave us a dismissive shake of the head and chugged off before we could set up our camera.
So there you have it – another practical function that can allow more problems to be solved via the world of Arduino. As always, now it is up to you and your imagination to find something to control or get up to other shenanigans.
”You´ve already given it to me!”
Question of the week: Where do you struggle most as a writer? Is it fear? Self-doubt? Platform-building? Let’s have a discussion in the comments!
The others have not fully returned yet, however we seen them from a distance ducking behind bins, trees, and bushes. It is obvious they are looking for a way inside, but with all the un-dead outside that fence; it is not going to be a pretty sight.
Spring 2012 examples:
He said the private IPTs were Multimedia University, Universiti Kuala Lumpur, Universiti Teknologi Petronas, Sunway University College, Curtin University of Technology (Sarawak campus), Monash University (Sunway campus), Taylor's University College, International Medical University, Swinburne University of Technology (Sarawak campus), Nottingham University (Malaysian campus) and Management and Science University.
The sun doesn’t glare but is the perfect kind of lighting for our stroll.
I had better stop here and get some sleep. I will add some more photos later on today. I am waiting for some to upload to Your Paper Pantey. I did a mini album bi-monthly swap with Shanta Newby and made a gatefold paper bag mini.
Ricky is a member of Teen Top. Teen Top are apparently big fans of Big Bang and they recently did a dance cover of “Fantastic Baby” in which Ricky danced the part of TOP.
This is a mother’s poem, a poem about powerlessness in the face of a son’s pain. It is also a poem about the imagination, the ways we control and do not control its territories. Reading, we open ourselves to the dark low wind of the rest of the world."
Rape Percentage - 33% (2 out of 6)
By the end of 2007 Patrick and I were in a wonderful place at elem3nt. People at church looked to us as this perfect couple who led worship together and who God was using for His glory. We were an example for other young couples.
Brooklyn = Detroit?
If Mr. Palm thinks otherwise, he needs to find us a statement after 1943 on full biblical inerrancy, or find a Catholic institution today that teaches it. He won’t be able to.
5. Heavy rain + a glut of people refusing to exit the theater = no photo ops. Once home Joe disrobed in a flash and I was left with was the cap and hood to gallop around the house in.
What would happen if I start my day off with the “FEAR NOT” way of life? Jesus says when I fear not, when I get this concept, I am no longer a slave, no longer living a dead-end life. I am set free, through Jesus and throughout my life’s journey. I am truly free indeed – undeniably, definitely, without a doubt, in Truth and with certainty!
An obvious pick for anyone who knows me. Ever since I first saw and was thrilled by Merian C. Cooper and Ernest B. Shoedsack’s “King Kong” as a kid, movies were different for me. “King Kong” is part near-typical 30′s melodrama and part schmaltzy romance, but it is all monster movie (and monster movie to end all monster movies) and densely packed with terror and adventure. Jungles are good locations for adventure because they are full of mystery and the unknown. Who knows what sinister apparition lurks in those shadows? Director Carl Denham (Rob’t Armstrong as a thinly veiled caricature of Cooper) wants to know what the mysterious Skull Island’s native inhabitants are hiding behind that wall so he whisks a New York film crew and Ann Darrow (Fay Wray) off for the adventure of a lifetime. Once there they meet Kong, a gigantic gorilla with a huge machismo. It’s the classic story of giant ape meets girl, giant ape likes girl, girl doesn’t like him back, giant ape fights dinosaurs and is kidnapped and put on display for New York socialites, giant ape takes girl to someplace romantic (say the top of the Empire State Building) to win her back but is gunned down by assault biplanes. It’s like “The Lost World” (1925) meets any of the Johnny Weissmuller “Tarzan” movies, but so much better. The film is still a wonder and a pleasure after all these years. Between the jungles, monsters, dinosaurs, tribal chants, ominous drum beats, sea voyages, murder, mayhem, Fay Wray, and New York City it’s an atmospheric adventure that’s impossible to forget. “King Kong” is an unabashed man-movie with plenty of destruction and carnage, but what makes it great is that the real hero is the antagonist, Kong himself. Sure he kills a lot of innocent people, but he’s just trying to get his girl. I think this film has actually only gotten better with age because now when we come back from the jungle we’re still in a strange, mythical land because the New York City of 1933 doesn’t exist anymore. “King Kong” is a precious time capsule of a movie that teaches us, above all else (more than the melodrama, misogyny, and racism), that America knows entertainment.
I got to the train station where Dad had dropped me off a few days before – the one close to Luton Airport. I’d call Dad and he’d come get me. I’d drive my car from their house to mine, go straight upstairs and pretty much just crash. It was usually about 11:30am or 12pm by this time.
Amazing that it happens at all given the physics of the event. Marathon runners travel at an average of twelve miles per hour. If a moving car hit a parked car at that speed expensive damage would result. Despite the meaty mitt encircling much of our palm, it seems likely to think having somebody run their hand into yours at twelve miles an hour is gonna sting at least. So overcoming risk aversion is the first hurtle. Then there's the issue of aim. Again think twelve miles an hour. And consider it's not the comparably smooth ride of a car but the up and down, back and forth, bumpity jumpity of running. You'd be a head bobbing in a sea of bobble heads. Packed as well, so add to that a visibility limited to the back of the person a few inches in front of you. Objects are flashing into view, then gone. Salmon have an easier time locating things.
On this initiative, though, my conservative roots start to show through. I kind of LIKE to have an inefficient specialty store with tight regulations and a bureaucratic burden on top of it that throws a lot of money to the state that I don't pay unless I want to get sloshed. I think liquor restrictions are a pretty good thing - I don't think of Jack Daniels as an impulse buy, and if I get to the point where the local distributor knows me by sight, I may need to cut back a little. Plus, I'm from Pennsylvania, and they wrote the BOOK on badly managed, corrupt, lousy State Stores. And Washington State hasn't seen anything of that stripe, so its not like they're doing a particularly bad job as my barkeep.
The little flowers are from Wild Orchid - sweetheart flowers
adhesivo dimensional y lo pegas sobre el papel decorativo
Eventually I do take my towel off and put it down, and realise the other women take no notice. They are lying on the benches in the searing heat as we start to sweat.
And when He calls me it will be paradise
You cant bring me down (now or yea)
that first and last icy breath.
This weekend he enjoyed his first Father's Day. It was low key, but fun just to have him with us all the time!
You may be wondering: how on earth would it come to pass that Sukarno would become involved with raising Jo Ann’s and Malcolm’s son?
Seeing how I haven't celebrated any prompts recently, I decided it was probably time. It can never hurt to find a bit of inspiration or even nudging on a Monday morning. Call this my gift of writer caffeine to you, only visually. I'm going with visual prompts.
For my project, I'm featuring the "Of Mice and Lil' Men" Stamp Set. For more details or to make this set YOURS, please click on the preview:
Belgian Bites are also available in affordable packs of three for P36 and six for only P72. They come in colorful gift boxes that are just as fun and festive.
* 1 cup butter, softened
So maybe the hoarder is right. Maybe I should save more. That way, when maxi-pad minis and coupon-covered lamp shades come into vogue, I’ll be totally ready.
but where we'd meet again.
There are many ways to let government see more (as the NSA will inevitably do) and yet keep a choke chain on the watch dog, so it never thinks that it's a wolf. These methods would take some work and good will and a political process that's not frozen by culture war.
It’s probably the last decent warm Autumn day here in Melbourne before Winter really takes a hold, so we will work in the garden and try to get our vegetable beds staked out and planned. As a result of moving to the country and having a nice big empty back yard, I am feeling more keen every day to try my own hand at growing my own greens. I am inspired by my amazing best friend who has re-invented herself from fast-paced city slicker into a total greenie! When I first met that gorgeous girl about 17 years ago, she was living in a tiny apartment in the inner city, eating take-away every day of the week and living the glamorous twenty-something lifestyle we all adored once upon a time. There were more martini glasses in her apartment than vegetables at any one time; her staple diet was not fresh and healthy but take-away from up the street, eaten while sitting on the couch watching Sex and the City in a tiara and feather boa. Once I tried to go and cook her something remotely healthy (Tomato & Basil Bliss in pasta, actually) and we discovered with hilarity that the gas had never been connected to her stove so we had to go for take-aways instead! After many years of transformation and re-transformation she has become a total legend in the kitchen, moved to the country, settled down with a fabulous bloke and got herself into slow food, all home-grown produce and permaculture. She grows masses of fresh veggies, fruit and herbs, has chickens and goats and runs a cooking school from her home. Brilliant! More importantly, she is happy. She feels she’s participating in society and in the food chain in a far more sustainable way, making a difference to the environment and the people around her as well as contributing to her own health and vitality. I love it – and if she can make the transformation, so can I! She’s my inspiration and my mentor as I start thinking about growing my own too.
d. A 9 year old fermented cheese that’s served as a delicacy in Japan
For my card this week, I used the Mojo Monday sketch 220. I chose some of the beautiful papers in the Bo Bunny Snowfall 6 x 6 pad that is now available in the Sweet 'n Sassy Stamps store. These papers are beautiful and wintery. I used some bling on some of the snowflakes and a rhinestone ring around the sentiment panel for some sparkle. Two different embossing folders added extra texture.
The burgers are really juicy without cooking them in oil, because the salt layer helps the juices to congeal and form a 'crust' on the burger. Is this common knowledge? It should be. I am so impressed with these burgers, you don't even know.
When Dena falls gravely ill, she returns to her home town from busy New York City, to the doting, loving care of Aunt Elner who is the personification of small town kindness. While in Elmwood Springs Dena begins to search for roots to her past and discovers a shocking secret.
Dick B. and Rev. Ken B. (non-alcoholic), International Christian Recovery Coalition Headquarters, Kihei, Maui, Hawaii
These incidents pale beside the sprawling,routine corruption and negligence in South African governance exposed by Willie Hofmeyr,the head of the anti-corruption agency known as the Special Investigating Unit. Hofmeyr told Parliament that around 20% of all government procurements or more than $3.8 billion,go missing each year-most of which gets stolen and the rest untraceable because of negligence.
I was browsing an old post the other day of my top ten favourite albums of all time. I either didn’t put enough thought into it, or I should have let it simmer for a while, because looking at it now it becomes apparent that there were some glaring omissions. In particular, almost all my favourite girls were left out. I have always been partial to a fierce rock-chick-type of singer, usually with a guitar (tattoos are good too). So to make amends, here is my list of MY favourite female singers/artists of all time. The list is in no particular order, but those who know me know who my number one is:
For one, my son is 12. I cannot imagine him feeling endless hopelessness at his age. For two, I don't understand how in this specific case, everyone missed all the signs. It is such a tragedy.
country. We will share some of
"It's not working," Will said in a peevish tone. "I think you're all tapped out."
A cup of coffee can also be more tasty and better with COOL WHIP. When I go to a coffee shop, I always request a whip on top but at home a scoop of COOL WHIP Whipped Topping does the trick. Just scoop the COOL WHIP with a spoon and it's done. For me, it personally makes our desserts better and my family loves it
So off we went to go watch the movie. I knew a couple things here and there about the storyline, but really I basically was very clear with my husband that no spoiler alerts were allowed, I didn’t want to know about the characters, or anything really. It’s almost one of the very reasons why I don’t tend to watch a lot of trailers either. I like taking in the movie knowing the least possible about it to be either pleasantly surprised or to just be able to say I don’t like it, but not disappointed!
And in shock.
All these were acquired within the last 6 months and were kept in a place away from sunlight and extreme temperatures. I take beauty product storage quite seriously. :P
Way before political correctness.
Hair clips (Got a big box from Sally Beauty Supply)
I wanted so badly for Stanley Havili to touch the crystal football, and then cradle it and stiff arm Rick Neuheisel. He deserved that. I’m not sure what kind of coda this season will have, and what it will mean to a guy like Havili. I know it isn’t the ending I wished for him, and that was with all my heart for a guy who stayed despite it all. I wished that for D.J. Shoemate, Havili’s former backup, even after he transferred to Connecticut. I wish the same for everyone who has a 2004 national championship ring: that they’ll never have to hear it wasn’t real. They know it was. I know it was. And I know it’ll come again.*
Emma and Mr. Knightley must be made of the same things, held together by the same sort of operations... rules that govern change in "characters." Then how can we tell them apart? Are we to believe they are both the same and different--at the same time? Like the animals we believe them to represent? Or is that the fabric of illusion? What we bring to the novel, project onto, into it--from what we believe the world to be? I don't think we can speak of that part, not yet. That's the usual method: mix up what is in the novel with what is in us and what is in us with what is in the novel. Even if that's the most important part--where the meaning lies... that mixing up of us and it, how can we understand what we're thinking about if we can't answer the question: what is Emma made of, What is Mr. Knightley made of? What is in the novel that stays in the novel, that stays the same? Anything? Nothing?
This is a very good question and I guess it could be one of the motorways which they are attempting to build but the biggest “active” construction site must be Poiana Brasov.
I'm hoping that it will give us the motivation we need to make sure stuff gets done around the house :)
So you say, cut them, and bring them into the house! I. would. love. to. But in a word, ANTS. Ants love those sweet blossoms and the sticky syrupy sap they produce just prior to blooming. And ants have friends who party with them. None of these garden pests are welcome visitors inside my home.
News that the 2/3rd's of a pint measure is to be legalised in the UK leapt into the limelight this week & has had mixed receptions in various quarters. Speaking with a beer lovers hat on I have to say this news is most welcome, the way beer is served in the UK is getting a lot of 'airtime' in the beer world at the minute & this news will refocus the debate yet again.
This is not a place to find thinspiration. I am an obese woman. I eat and eat and I have gained great amounts of weight due to how I abuse food. As I put on more weight, I got frightened and I began to make myself throw up.
Thus, it is safe to say that Budget 2012 was a joke in itself.
Little Apparition Island Collect all 5 oil barrels on Apparition Island
Well, that's all! If you have any questions feel free to ask me!
So here is Glitter Gal Silver. Not really a great name, but it IS such an amazing polish! It's the most holographic thing I've ever seen. When deciding on which Glitter Gal I would get I decided to go for this one, because I thought it might work as a nice holographic topcoat. It's not a nice topcoat. It's to streaky to add a coat over a polish and when you apply 2 coats you don't see the polish color anymore.
The only trick he had left in his bag was a divisive, scorched earth floor fight to feed his personal anger and ego. And I'm reasonably certain that some of the GOP's movers and shakers made a phone call or two to Mr. Santorum warning him that if he played that game, his future in the Republican party was a memory.
This has got to be stupid.
Her oncologist said at first he was worried when the radiologist called him, because normally he only calls when the news is really bad, but the radiologist called because her results were the most dramatic he had ever seen!
*One of the smaller plot points in “Signal 30” was the re-emergence of Ken’s side hobby of writing science fiction novels under a penname. Roger puts the kibosh on it after Ken’s (seemingly) ratted out by Pete, putting one more person in the office in the position of wanting to see Pete get his ass kicked. By the end, however, Ken has found a new pseudonym and is defying Roger’s edict.
For my Flesh is true food,
I would like to say thank you so very much for the great laugh. I needed that.
**JSA will be donating partial proceeds to the Japan Earthquake relief! We will also be having a donation box at the event. Come and support!**
while kissing and hugging us all.
“Oh, give thanks to the Lord, for he is good!”
Wilkins JR, Sinks T. Paternal occupation and intracranial neoplasms of childhood: Results of a case-control interview study. Am J Epidemiol 1990; 132: 275-292.
Buttons: from stash
In honour of Nanowrimo Month, I'm posting this here excerpt of a work I've dug out from the archives. It's been posted in bits and pieces, sporadically over the last few years.
- Siobhan cuts to the chase suggesting a full Independent review of capital policing and requiring councils to address resident’s top five local issues.
Me: Little gems.
NABC's everyday Community Dark (English Mild) is 3.7%, and our year-round Tafelbier is 4%. Coincidentally, we already planned the seasonal (Extra)Ordinary to be on tap at sub-4%, right around the beginning of April. That makes three sure drafts for Session Beer Day. Throw in two or three more, and we have a miniature tap takeover by the full pint pour.
I stayed up late last night because it was my daughter's last night home. She ad her beau leave today for Oregon- then parts unknown. Her plan is to see the country. I will miss her so much!
Chakrabarti, S., & Fombonne, E. (2001). Pervasive developmental disorders in preschool children. JAMA, 285, 3093-9.
Pottery making, radio broadcasting, drama and music were among the workshops offered to scholars whereby they explored their heritage and creativity through the mediums.
To reveal the line between body and cosmos
....including five or six Wedding Present live cassettes purchased at a garage sale a number of years ago when a friend of mine went minimalist (thanks Karl!).
Some of the news reports suggest that the arrests have a connection to the discovery of at least four booby-traps targeting Southern California gang task force officers. The cash-strapped state and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger offered a $50,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the people who set the traps, which included an attempt to blow up the gang officers’ headquarters.
enjoyed and just stuffed (really) into a very small cupboard.
I went to the LV flagship, right in between the two Ogilvy offices, to check it out and start immersing myself in the products and, I have to say, I sort of wanted to buy some stuff! A lot of stuff, in fact. I’ve never been into the brand, but they have some gorgeous bags and clothes. Of course I bought nothing. Just a Nutella crepe on the way home.
As part of the budget discussions, the PPP also wants Linden folks to pay increased tariffs for electricity when in other climes, other neighborhoods like Bath Settlement and Lusignan and Leonora, GPL meter readers have to be accompanied by police. House sizes have increased from 400 square feet to 8,000 square feet; every room has a television, an average of ten wall units plus a myriad of electronic devices that pull current all day long even though they are not in use. These include computers, laptops, cell phones, micro wave, kettles, hair dryers, security systems, alarm clocks and stoves. Linden has refused to pay now and or then in spite of PM Hinds making a half-and-half outreach.
One sad note about my birthday is that was also the day we buried my dad, in 1989. I was 33 and it was one of the saddest days of my life. I was so lucky to have them that long. He had a bad heart. I’m truly surprised he didn’t die earlier. Living with my mom was disheartening……get it? Well, he was a funny guy. He would not want me to be sad.
Thought I'd let you know how I am and show you a sneak peek.
Not to mention that some girl Adriana is missing me since we last spoke, my penis is not big enough and there are steroids to make my life better.. this is the problem with having a masculine name that I get targeted by all the male related topics too.
If you like hot & spicy and chillies, definitely you will try this recipe…similar to nando’s periperi chicken, it is marinated with lots of fresh chilli peppers, dried chillies, mix herbs, lemon and complimented by a garlic & paprika chilli rice…wheewww!!! ready your cold beer or water, because this meal will definitely heat you up this winter…..
“Elm Publishing now looks to give those with a slightly larger budget, the possibility to get their book out there, and give it the best possible chance of success.
I am not sure I remember the answers to any of those questions, but one thing I did come up with is writing. I used to write. I had a paper journal for years, and then an internet journal before they were called "blogs." I took writing classes and workshops and had teachers who encouraged me and told me to keep writing, that I was good at it and had things to say.
Lincoln was a politician and far from being a statesman. He was Alexander Hamilton’s political heir to the throne. The centralizing Hamiltonians became the Whigs and, later, the Republican Party ticket that Lincoln ran on. During Lincoln’s twenty-eight years in politics, he consistently disregarded life, liberty, and property in his shameless grab for dictatorial power. His agenda was to instate Henry Clay’s “American System”, a system synonymous with “protectionist tariffs, taxpayer subsidies for railroads and other corporations, and the nationalization of the money supply to help pay for the subsidies.” (p. 2) Not only was Lincoln’s economic agenda illegitimate, it was immoral.
JOHN DERMOT WOODS draws comics and writes stories in Brooklyn, New York. He is the author of The Complete Collection of People, Places & Things. The image-text novel he wrote with J.A. Tyler, No One Told Me I Was Going to Disappear, has recently been published by Jaded Ibis Press. A collection of his comics will be released by Publishing Genius Press later this spring, and a collection of his illustrated stories, The Baltimore Atrocities, is forthcoming. His work has appeared in numerous journals, including The Fairytale Review, The Collagist, Hobart, Caketrain, Opium, The Salt Hill Review, The Indiana Review, and 3rd Bed. A professor of English at Nassau Community College, he is also the editor of the arts quarterly Action, Yes and co-curator of the Soda Series readings in Brooklyn.
Hear about Megas Jonsson
Drennan said Amazon deliveries were easily targeted because of their distinctive packaging. "Ask how many people have had stuff stolen from Amazon and it's massive. Amazon was reshipping things at its own cost but it's had enough," he said. "People were also ordering DVDs and telling Amazon they hadn't received them. They are saying we are as crooked as they thought we were."
It's Wednesday so its time for another post about my favourite things. This one is all about my favourite bracelets. So here it is sorry if I don't remember where everything is from as some of the pieces were bought a while ago.
Man
by the time i left rehab i was beyond old news. my famous friends would ignore my calls, and some even changed their phone numbers when they realized i could still remember the old one. when i would encounter charlie’s hookers in the alleyways they would pretend as if they didn’t know me, as if the long nights of them snorting coke out of my pee-hole had never happened. and then they would scurry away like cockroaches. like really sexy – but completely old and busted – cockroaches.
...I decided to use domestic wool roving that I had on hand.
It seems a pretty lousy tactic to use other people's religious beliefs as an excuse to promote your own prejudices, given that the students attend the university of their own free will and are not forced to drink.
PB: Actually, you’re kinda fail as a follower of Machiavelli. To quote The Prince:
Asia:
Nibbles explains to young children about limited resources and how to care for them. Nibbles doesn't give up eating dandelions; he just recognizes that replacements must be grown to balance all that are eaten.
Yes, there were quite a few things I really liked such as, when Bod leaves the graveyard and when Scarlett and Bod go though the trouble of the sleer. The reason I enjoyed these bits was because of the description ;it really helped me paint a picture in my head.
Father of Gods,
A how-to-not-get-distracted plan.
You see my tongue had become deaf and dumb
I've never seen anyone else break shells like this, but I like it. It makes it kinda fun, trying to remove the biggest shell piece possible!
In England's Mistress, Kate Williams does her damnedest to bring Kitty Kelley-style biography to the 18th Century. The book is more supposition and innuendo than fact.
Ah, Emerson, of course. Are Easterners the only ones
This vignette was first posted to the soc.history.what-if newsgroup on 3 January 2002.
Now, where were we? Oh right, the scene ended, and now we're back in the dorm, watching Tosh and Natalie as Nat tries to be nice. When that fails, Tosh storms away. Alone at last, Natalie checks the phone for messages. A brief one from her mother reveals that Natalie DID know the girl who was murdered, and that they were best friends. Hmmmm...
Voting for this part of Round 1 ends 3/16 at 8:30am. Any questions?
Costume Design: Sandy Powell, Hugo
The vehicle carrying a routine police patrol becomes stuck in mud, shortly after which another vehicle suffers the same fate nearby. Police become suspicious and search the second vehicle, finding 4 tusks and marijuana and arresting three occupants, one of which is Assistant Commissioner of the Zimbabwe Prison Services. Full report
For me, writing is OPTIONAL on paper. I don't get paid to do it. I don't have an agent or crazy deadlines. I don't have to get up in the mornings and write. But I do. There is no other choice. I can't imagine not writing. And if my hands were ever cut from my body, I would have to get a voice recorder and do it that way.
Le Bistrot Pierre
Shortly after, David and I began to talk and pray about possibly starting a group here where we live. We prayed separately about it and together. I began filling out the paperwork.
Technology- As you begin to upgrade your tech think about Energy Star certified technology. According to Energy Star, if every home office product purchased in the United States this year met Energy Star requirements, we would save more than $100 million in annual energy costs, prevent 1.4 billion pounds of greenhouse gases – equivalent to emissions from 125,000 cars, and save more than 900 million kWh of electricity.
Carolyn Adair ... O.R. Nurse
The issue now is that there's nothing in the pipeline at the moment. I will be attempting to brew this weekend, but time constraints may cause it to be moved until the 15th. Said brewing day will mark the 25th Muckney Brew, and will be the Bipartisan Porter collabo-brew with Bearded Brewing. Seeing how I'm a big fan of double brew days, I may have to work something else up.
Like food for your innermost thoughts
Dr. Dante dropped into a chair at the end of the table. He pulled a pipe from his pocket and lit it on the candle. Sam, Abby and their father took seats as far away from him as possible. Their dad adjusted his chair so it was facing away from the man, as if looking at him was distasteful. The Baba Yaga filled four bowls with stew and brought them over on a wooden tray along with tumblers of cider. She sat in the remaining chair and Will clambered into her lap.
Again, pics taken with the phone, so less than great. These were all taken in our hotel dining room. The entire end of the room was glass looking out at the sea. I was enjoying breakfast & watching the sunrise -- spectacular!
2. Also you can get ease expenses by reducing many of your resolved fees, for example vehicle insurance. By upping your tax deductible, or marginally losing insurance, you must be able to by using discount. You may additionally find that by converting corporations, Also you can reduce your budget.
The first political party to react on Wednesday was the junior ruling party, the Democratic Union for Integration, DUI.
No clue.
sex, the rawest life of anything
- My Wife says: This is gross. What channel is it on? I’m turning it on in the bedroom as well.
But how you persevere, O life,
But you know what? As usual, she was right.
During all three broadcasts, QVC will once again lend its support to the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA) in its fight against breast cancer by offering Vogue-designed FNO merchandise created especially for QVC. Net proceeds from the sale of these items, sold exclusively through QVC, will benefit “Fashion Targets Breast Cancer,” the charitable initiative of the CFDA Foundation Inc.
Its implicit worldview also concerns itself with the hierarchy of boundaries. The middle class are supposedly better than the poor, the present an improvement of the past. Jacqueline feels inferior because of Laurent, studying ways to improve his brain, subconsciously thinking that educating and raising him properly will lead to a cure. That while the present day characters, surrounded by their comfortable, manicured property, disregard what someone like Jacqueline would have worked hard for while being petty and vindictive towards each other.
Gavin And Stacey – The first two seasons of Gavin And Stacey are some of the best British comedy you’ll ever watch. As for the third season, well my first review back after the Christmas break will get into that.
Honorable Mention: All My Rowdy Friends Have Settled Down (Hank Williams Jr.); Barstool Mountain (Johnny Paycheck); Bartender (Dave Matthews Band); Cold Beverage (G. Love & Special Sauce); East Bound and Down (Jerry Reed); Gotta Get Drunk (Eddie Spaghetti); Honky Tonk Masquerade (Joe Ely); Hair of the Dog (Dale Watson); Homemade Wine (Ozark Mountain Daredevils); I Got Drunk (Uncle Tupelo); I Had to Get Drunk Last Night (Gary Stewart); I'm Home Gettin' Hammered While She's Out Gettin' Nailed (Banjo & Sullivan); If You Don't Start Drinking, I'm Going to Leave (George Thorogood); Irish Drinking Song (Flogging Molly); Pass the Courvoisier (Busta Rhymes); Please Operator (Garth Brooks); Rehab (Amy Winehouse); Saturday Night's Alright (Elton John); Since I Started Drinking Again (Dwight Yoakam); Tequila Sheila (Bobby Bare); Tequila Talking (Lone Star); The Blarney Stone (Ween); The Bottle Let Me Down (Merle Haggard); What Made Milwaukee Famous (Jerry Lee Lewis); What's Your Name (Lynyrd Skynyrd); Whiskey and Wine (311); Whiskey, If You Were a Woman (Highway 101); Whiskey in the Jar (Metallica); Whiskey Rock 'n Roller (Lynyrd Skynyrd).
Sustainability is a paradigm. Ethics and principles help us navigate the choices to get there.
But enough is enough. Wearing black everyday is dreary so this year I made a New Year's Resolution to not buy any black clothes or accessories.
Alex agreed to be my date, then immediately asked how long Cats was. I googled the question and found this --
Stamp Fairy has new releases along with a free image every Friday, a weekly challenge on Mondays and Guest Designers each month on their challenge blog.
"Hey puto. Know what you should do on Monday? Buy a foam finger."
It might appear that democracy is not the primary concern of the WEF, but it does not state this in its report. Why would it? There are other ways, however, to get the same message across. A look at what it said about Germany might help to illustrate this point. Earlier in its report the WEF criticised Germany’s decision to stop using nuclear power, citing job cuts and a rise in CO2 emissions; it says this would be due to gas and coal being used to generate energy in place of nuclear power plants offline. The WEF said that “environmental impacts may be negative.” That may be true. But, as the report admits, this would be in the short-term, something that is important to distinguish.
You will find the Paper Crafts Show at the RNA Exhibition Grounds, in the Upper Commerce Building from Friday the 5th to Sunday the 7th of February. Doors open at 10am and we are working hard each day until 4.30pm.
* Semi-Finals - inserted 1:16
WET COUTURE has done it again, designer Angelina has perfected the ultra sexy swimwear. Each piece is so colorful and fits like a glove. Her mix of different patterns and cuts make each piece unique. I like the range she delivers in this line there are simple two pieces as well as super sexy suits with major cut outs.
“For example, some of the parables are little more than one-liners, brief comparisons stating that the kingdom of God is like things no one ever dreamed of comparing it to: yeast, mustard see, buried treasure secured by craftiness, fabulous jewelry purchased by mortgaging everything…Once again, they set forth comparisons that tend to make mincemeat of people’s religious expectations. Bad people are rewarded (the Publican, the Prodigal, the Unjust Steward); good people are scolded (The Pharisee, the Elder Brother, the Diligent Workers); God’s response to prayer is likened to a man getting rid of a nuisance (the Friend at Midnight); and in general, everybody’s idea of who ought to be first or last is liberally doused with cold water (the Wedding Feast, the Great Judgment, Lazarus and Dives, the Narrow Door).” (10)
Here’s the video of him digging into the cake daintily:
This was just a really fast blog and writing it on a small screen.leave me a Comment or contact me on twitter, YouTube and also Google+. Please like the Blog and also leave a comment and give me feed back.
If you want to be happy forever — Make a garden!
Chaplin's critique of Industrialization
To the rest of you - thank you so much for your kind words during my absence. I feel like I have been gone forever. The first 10 days of it are still a blur. Last thing I clearly remember was that I was getting ready for Christmas. Then the fevers hit. Five days of it. Once we found out it was a serious case of Pneumonia and the word HOSPITAL came up - I understood how serious it was. Fevers of 104 and 105 make for a very confused woman - let me tell you! But I did realize that lying on ceramic tile floors in your bathroom is very effective for cooling the body. ;)
Used:
The proposals unveiled by the Islamists in their program by 365 points, submitted on 14 September 2011, are equally succinct. Yet, to think about it, they leave no worry. Ennahda says it wants to establish a parliamentary form of democracy, ”based on the separation of powers and judicial independence.”
JUSTIN: You're a film purist, that's still shooting on film, and hasn't gone digital or HD?
suffering forever more
The Austin Zealots Inquisition is coming up and this year's special category is the "Nectar of the Beast" where you have to have three items with 6's in them. This one has 6 malts, and OG of 1.067, and uses White Labs WLP862 yeast (Papazian's Cry Havoc Strain). Amarillo, Nugget, and Challenger hops with Nugget and Challenger dry hop.
The girl, who had dark blonde hair, pale skin and looked “seven or eight”, was with a 6ft, stocky, Middle Eastern man in his 40s with dark hair and stubble.
I was feeling better so I suggested to Mr Toh to go to 212 for dinner because it’s been a while since we’ve had dinner there. Dug out my old ribbon top to wear! I super love this top but haven’t been wearing it because it started furring. T_T
you'll love the modern appeal of the BabyLetto Mercer 3 Drawer Dresser/Changer Combo. This dresser is finished in a stunning espresso color that will add style to any nursery. It comes with a changing tray that you'll use often during your baby's diaper years. Later, remove the tray and use this piece as a dresser and keep all of our child's important things hidden out of sight. The solid wood construction will keep this dresser standing strong through all its years of use and the contemporary look will never go out of style; making this a furnishing that your child will enjoy through to adulthood.
Handbots were alien robots designed to aid people with the plague.
Actually I got the distinct impression that all the wines were Leonardo’s and Eva’s passion, not just the Vin Santo. Everything here is done with the utmost care and it shows, Leonardo and Eva clearly love their land and the wines they produce and delight in being able to do something a little bit different and yet totally traditional to their estate. These are artisan wines made from beautifully tended vines whose low yields produce concentrated, but balanced, fresh, elegant and honest wines that represent great value for money – do try them if you can. It all just goes to show that wine is still capable of delivering surprises.
you can split it - schizophrenic way
She’ll graduate in another month with an A.A. degree.
Posted by John Savage
Her curiosity, like the spiritual void within her, was growing. She had to attend! Except she was forbidden to do so. Forbidden by her parents and forbidden by the local religious leader. A typical teenager exhibiting some form of rebellion, she decided to go.
I love the month of September, it is the kick off to college football GO HAWKS! It also the start of fall (September 23) and it is also the month of our Anniversary! The last 4 years as September 1st has come i get so excited to get to spend another year with my loving Husband! It is hard to believe that we will be celebrating 4 years of wedded bliss this month, can't wait!
As the people receive Communion, the communion song is sung. The unity of voices echoes the unity the Eucharist brings. All may spend some time in silent prayer of thanksgiving as well.
“… and it ain’t long, before it’s gone. You might as well have a good time.”
I was filling out required forms for my next job. The first form (there are over a dozen) was Personal Information. The first item was Prefix. It's not mandatory and showing in the pull down list was Select....
It's a fact of life, I suppose, although I do feel there are huge inequalities in society which seem to be getting worse, and viewed on a global scale, it's staggering to realise how many people are living, say, without proper sanitation, which could be provided with relatively small amounts of money. One of the themes of the book is the notion of values - all sorts of values, but particularly how we value people's worth in society. My view is that it's best to help people to help themselves, and that a fairer society is good for everyone. But I'm not against the lottery at all, I think it makes life fairer if ordinary people have the chance to win big prizes.
Wallace was pilloried in his own time for seeking overruling even other-worldly explanations for that problem and he literally and figuratively went to the ends of the earth in search of answers. He explored things outside of standard science and even attempted to test the validity of Spiritualism and the use of mediums. He was dipping his toe into murky waters, a little too far afield for rational scientists, but that is what the very best searchers are able to do and survive. Usually they fail by reaching too far, but when they succeed the whole world changes.
While I'm on the topic of publicity, I may as well throw out a question about self-promotion. How much is too much? The topic of this blog has narrowed somewhat in the past few months. It's been mostly about me. And sure, most blogs are completely about their authors, but this particular one was originally set up as a means to draw attention to the growing community of Irish crime writers; and lend a little more focus to those writers from the North. That's still something I'm keen to do, but in reality, I'm just not as good at it as Declan Burke over at Crime Always Pays.
The worst part is, we are not at war with any African country and, at least in the case of Zimbabwe, no authorisation has been given for the Australian military to operate within its borders. The SAS presence in any state under such conditions is tantamount to an act of war.
With the removable tray and space for line winders down each side this could have be designed for earlier tackle or even for the sea angler? Until someone puts me straight on this I shall picture this in Willow Pitch with a motionless angler perched on top with a Ambidex and Hardy L R H No 2 in hand.
The festival’s website (www.ulsanwhale.com) promised “programs you can take part in and paying more attention to distinction by ensuring internal stability of the contents.” The organizers hoped that the theme ‘City of Life, Dream of Whales’ would attract visitors to the “eco-friendly festival.” (I’m not so sure the whales being served in the food tent would agree with the eco-friendly descriptor…)
Subtle changes have really made the space look different, huh? I am all about the subtle (and inexpensive) changes and working with what we have (until it drives me bonkers). Below are a couple shots from 2010 when my photography was bad, and the room was plainer and colder looking:
Nothing can beat, when you look for accomodation and find no hotels.
Regular firearms practice is essential. the more you properly practice, the better your firearms skills will become. Firearms+correct ammunition+proper training+proper mindset = safety from thugs and criminals.
Manas was a victim of crime in October 2007 when four men overpowered her at her Northcliff home and robbed her. They fled with money, a laptop, her cellphone as well as other goods.
Then falling in love with a photographer in the flesh made me change course so radically it puzzles me to be sitting where I am. For the length of our partnership I abandoned writing (though gained much material) and worked on image - a small design agency in Ghana, photography exhibitions (sadly I was the woman behind the man) and all the publicity material for our art gallery which continues to slip out of my books.
The Hall China Co. was founded by Robert Hall in August 1903 in East Liverpool following the dissolution of the two-year-old East Liverpool Potteries Company. Hall died just a year after launching the company.
Chapstick. I can’t get along without it in normal, everyday life, so I’d definitely have to have it on Survivor.
I can't wait to use this marmalade in other things too - possibly a savory and sweet pizza in the works? Yeah, most definitely!
Opening hours:
What were some of your favorite gifts of Christmas 2010?
Yet a rich soil is full of goodness. Just see how a little seed grows!
-Shower
12. Don’t open the refrigerator door often. Hot air enters the fridge each time you open it, making the compressor work harder and use more electricity. Also check if the fridge seals are tight. You can do this by inserting a piece of paper between the seals. If the paper falls or is pulled out easily, then it’s time to replace the seals.
Today was a ridiculous cliche, couldn't look out the window or listen to the sounds of the day without feeling like I was stuck in the middle of an old-school country song. If my mom had gotten thrown in prison, I believe the day would have come full circle.
He makes me laugh. A smile is worth a million bucks some days.
Here's a picture of Husband taking the son out for his first tractor driving lesson. The son is not too excited and he did not enjoy it much. Maybe once he learns he'll enjoy it more... hoping.
My answer to that, and probably yours, would be: time enough for reconciliation when these people stop robbing us blind and mend their ways. As long as they carry on exactly as before, there is not the smallest reason to stop kicking them.
Moving on, it’s also fairly obvious that it’s a good thing to pray for the needs of others, but it struck me that there’s a default for most of us where we ask God to do things for other people that, actually WE could do for them. We heard a talk the other week where the speaker pointed out that often, maybe always, WE are God’s answer to the needs of others. This is not arrogance, this is God’s idea! He wants to empower us to do His work in meeting the needs of our neighbours, our towns & quite possibly people halfway round the world. But often, we still ask God to do things that we should be doing!
What I think really happened was that they liked the house, but just not enough to buy it. You know when you find "The One" and this one just wasn't it. When forced to come up with one thing that made the house "Not The One", they said something stupid about the ceiling heights. Based on the wording the realtor used to write out my showing card, I would be willing to bet that English is not her first language and that the visitors fled the house in a panic when she started grilling them.
I can’t jump on a bandwagon for the wrong reasons. I refuse to be brainwashed by the media, which is why I’m trying to break onto the scene to educate fans. On the surface, it’s easy to cater to big names because that’s all we’re exposed to.
In a large mixing bowl, combine cabbages and chives. Add the kimchee filling.
While at all times protesting their “neutrality.” But of course.
For this month's challenge, I am offering an encore performance of a previously published recipe. The fact is, deviled eggs are my potluck "go-to" dish. Everyone loves them, and I always have the ingredients on hand.
Key Players: Carlon Brown (12.6 ppg), Andre Roberson (11.6 ppg, 11.1 rpg), Austin Dufault (11 ppg), Spencer Dinwiddie (10.1 ppg), Askia Booker (8.9 ppg)
“Yeah, Tom Cruise was on stand-by for the part, although I hear Mel Gibson was fighting hard for it,” retorts Mayall. “In fact,” he continues, “Ade’s written a script about my accident, but it’s mainly ‘ha ha ha, Rik’s dead, hooray hooray’. And then he dances off with all my birds.”
But more than the art, I was amazed to see the style of the women and men… all the fashion was amazing, and people are so elegant and confident, women are beautiful and men are so hot!! It’s too bad that most of my pictures from that time were lost when my notebook was stollen… so all I’ve got left is a few pics, but not enough to show some street style, so I just chose these about some styles I was wearing.
Specifically of the questions at the end, which were posed to nobody in particular, let’s think about the organised actors involved and what they are involved in. This post would be far too lengthy to mull over some broad, rather than specific, strategies to help address the situation, so I won’t. At least not today.
Preheat oven to 200 C and line a baking tray with parchment.
Not that I think any of these questions has anything to do with the reason why the Lazy Professor has suddenly become a focus of public disapproval; I generally concur with the analysis at Easily Distracted. To which I would like to add that a former colleague, when challenged to explain what our university did that the Big Box Mega-University Down The Road doesn't do, replied with a simple and brilliant line: "We hand-craft our students." (And this is why we come together in an empty classroom while normal people are having dinner, and coach our students through their very first conference presentations, even though we don't have to. This is who we are.)
Let’s have a real serious talk here.
This first video if you turn down the volume and just watch how pure the form, movements are the pure enjoyment of the kids…
Today's photo is for sketch #74 at Sketch Savvy. I used two lousy photos and they even had crazy colors that I decided to embrace. Seriously, purple, yellow/gold, teal, white, black, and RED??? yep. I pulled out a bunch of kind of weird papers and they came together to work with my silly photos. It was pretty fun to just go with it. Give it a try and let me know how it goes.
It is gratifying, therefore, (but no surprise) to learn that this summer the Universities of Aberdeen and Chester have found definitive evidence of three fortified enclosures south of the town — a triple power center — in Rhynie’s ‘Royal Mile’ at Barflat, where an unprecedented total of eight Pictish (AD5th-6thCC) carved stones have been unearthed over the years, under the unseeing gaze of Caledonian Tap o’Noth.
Author: Allie Pleiter
-Oscar Wilde
a) I have made a number of highly questionable life decisions, and I wish more folks would have spoken to me frankly and provided me the benefit of their wisdom, insight, and life experience.
Whether you're a grockel or a local - why not come and keep us company and shake yourself a Podrophonic leg while taking in these two top rocking bands! We'd love to see you there!
Mix:
International Quilt Study Center and Quilt Museum:
How's your health?
and make money."
He opened the door, bent down and looked at me, and then looked at the seat that he was going to fill and then mumbled "I have to put your passenger seat back so I can fit in if that's alright?"
02-Al Griffith-Stand By Me
iTunes Mexico, VerveLife, Rhapsody, MySpace Music, Zune, MediaNet, Amazon MP3, iHeartRadio, Spotify, Google Play, iTunes U.S., iTunes Latin America (incl. Brazil), iTunes Australia/N.Z., simfy, Amazon On Demand, iTunes Canada, Deezer, Nokia, eMusic, iTunes UK/European Union, iTunes Japan
P.S. No, I still don't have a title to share with you guys. In my mind it is still Detergent.
Hey 662 eighteen,
However, my dream last night was that Nick Rhodes, Simon LeBon, and John Taylor were waiting for me outside, in the late evening, in the parking lot of the School For the Blind, across Lamar from Mandola's. They were all wearing fashionable black and white suits. When I approached them, I said, "You're still here?" Simon replied, "We never left you, Mags." And, I realized that they were the guiding muses for my life, and I thanked them, and went on.
“Recognize them kids early before life beats ‘em down,” is something Bob Bickwell, president of Bickwell Brewery, is often heard saying.
How to begin describing the wonders that you find within this complex of fortress and palace on top of the hill called La Sabika? I am afraid my words will not be enough nor my pictures sufficient to convey the beauty, the delicacy and magnificence but I would like to try...
Good news here is that I barely added any yardage on the commercial yarn side–just 420 yards.
Yet even though we may be tiny specks in a great big universe, ponder this: The entire universe is a tiny speck in the palm of the hand of God. How really puny are we, really, if we are just tiny little specks on a tiny speck in the hand Omnipotence? That is enough to make most people feel at least a little bit insignificant.
The subdued people
Veteran actress Amalia Fuentes and talent manager Annabelle Rama are fighting on Twitter. Amalia accused the talent manager of being a “flesh selling woman” and a “burikak.” To which, Annabelle replied, “Excuse me! Hindi ako burikak!”
to stretch and reveal miracles new and bold.
there are a few things that need to be taken into consideration.
I downloaded a ridiculous amount of church podcasts and have been submersed in preaching the whole work day.
I was really happy when Sindh Govt. decided to ban shisha but as all other laws of Pakistan, this law has been used and abused. I believe that we need to condemn this issue which is settling it’s roots in our society. Our youth is going crazy for this “Cool” stuff but on the other hand our youngsters are ruined through this Addictive Fashion. This could be done by informing our youth and the shisha lovers the side effects of this So-called fashion and let them know that how severe the outcomes are !
The second book in the series Divorced, Desperate is Divorced, Desperate and Dating by Christie Craig.
He's been making them, developing recipes, and coming up with a whole range of beers for about two and a half years now. He still brews from home, producing 25l batches every 2 or 3 weeks, and is currently procuring equipment to be able to produce 50l batches.
they are spirit, and they are life.” Jesus knew His Words weren’t empty; He
The complex of buildings will also house the offices of Mr Van Rompuy, the president of the European Council, a job created by the Lisbon Treaty.
Guess what the address is to this place?
“I do NOT want to see you
Ingredient:
If he have feeling is – to cry.
The latest episode of Strong Heart brought the usual laughter, but it also turned serious when Jung So Min revealed her nine-year rift with her father; the two had clashed over her career choice, and since then, their relationship has suffered.
-high profile people eg politicians, celebrities
I identified myself as being the odd man out - hence the whole red-headed step-child beat - but at some point, I began to feel as if that put a chip on my shoulder, that I was playing victim to my circumstances.
But given the way the human mind tends to streamline and simplify, multiculturalism has been streamlined in many minds into "my own culture is evil."
“I keep the receipts of every transaction. I don’t know how she could have so much of money,” he added.
I hugged him tightly, “Oh, T, you have no idea.”
1) It's mostly commonly used in contrast to “relaxation” massage, or “fluffy spa massage.” Deep tissue is serious massage, massage that really does things, that digs in and finds problems and fixes them. It's not just petting. In this sense, it's really just a vague word of praise: it carries the same positive force – and carries about the same information load – as “real.” That was a deep tissue massage; a real massage.
Are you starting to get the picture?
RED-HEADED STEPCHILD had a birth of sorts back in August 2006 during the "Lonely Moon" contest here at The Clarity of Night. Jaye penned an honored entry called "I Can Dig It," which introduced the world to a rockin' female vampire/assassin burying her latest handiwork. That character is the beloved Sabina Kane now taking names and dishing punishment in her on-going series. Today, Jaye is returning to The Clarity of Night to inspire YOU, the next debut novelist who will ignite the world. Welcome to the "In Vino Veritas (Truth in Wine)" Short Fiction Contest in honor of Jaye and all of her accomplishments!! (Can I get an OH-YEAH?!!!) Please join me in welcoming her as co-host and in offering well-earned congratulations.
We moved into our labor room around 3:30am. The room was big and beautiful, and it felt very peaceful and hushed in the middle of the night. We couldn’t believe we were in the place where we would meet our little baby! It all felt very exciting and surreal. Our nurse, Erika, was really sweet and calming and explained that she'd keep an eye on us, and we could buzz her on a little remote control anytime we needed her.
If they do, the universe has shown me the way back to a goal that has been with me for years.
It was now that Steven, Brenda and Barb were determining what time Eloise was born by checking the time that text messages were sent and received on their phones. We estimated that Lou was born at quarter past ten, Thursday, June 11 2009. I lost all sense of time while I was in labour. Later we worked out that it was about 1 hour of “active” labour.
“Good.” A restlessness I hadn’t noticed before left his eyes. “Kids?”
Flour tortillas
Our government is rotten to the core ! Are we stupid or what? Vote in 2012. It is the most important election of our lives...
I had a little issue with PayPal and I didn’t know if I would be able to buy the product or not. I tried to buy without using PayPal because of the issue, but because PayPal detected that I have an account, it didn’t let me purchase without using PayPal account. I actually had to cancel the order I placed once, but NouWall was understanding. They were prompt in response and nice. After I resolved the issue with PayPal, I went back to NouWall and purchased the wall decal. This was my first Etsy shopping experience and I enjoyed having an interaction with the vendor. Even though you can’t see the face, the communication you have with the vendor makes the whole shopping experience personal and special I like that you get of know who made the product.
Pilate somewhat attempted to save Jesus from death, but bowed to the pressures of the crowds. Jesus was beaten. He was mocked. They gave the true King of the universe a crown made of thorns, and smashed it into his head. Thorns, a result of the fall of humanity into sin. They put on him a purpose robe, mocking him as king in his royal colors. The statements made by the mockers were made as insults in mockery, but were ironically more true than they could ever perceive. Jesus’ statement of “Father forgive them, for they know not what they do” could not be more accurate nor loving.
Punchline Feature Highlights Include:
A Contemporary Art Fair in an Interesting Venue
Then the questioning, by the Chair of the D 15 CEC, began. If the purpose of charter schools is to offer choice to parents of students in failing schools, why was the DOE proposing this co-location in an area with high performing schools? Originally the charter application submitted was approved for D 13 or D 14. Why the sudden move to D 15? Why had there been no preliminary discussion with the D 15 CEC or the Community Planning Board, as required by the law? Why had CUNY ignored its own guidelines of
I think that every person should be forced to work the food industry at least once in their lives. I have people come into Starbucks all the time on their phones. No big deal, right? Except for when you ask them what they want and they shoot you that glare like you're interrupting their phone conversation. To make matters worse, they whisper their order to you so as to not disturb their conversation which of course is always life or death.
Anyway, there's a decent sale at Walgreens next week, and if you start THIS week, you can get them free next week.
I got out of my car at the bank on a warm day recently and almost stepped in this nonsense which was directly in line with where I would place my foot while getting out the car. I halted mid step and avoided a sticky situation.
I am going to work on getting off this extra 22 pounds that I have allowed back on my body. WHY!!
The state Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) is also considering declaring the reservoir as a “state-regulated freshwater wetland.” If the site is given that designation, the state DEC would have the authority to review any potential activities at the reservoir and require permits for any specific improvements.
You don't want to know me
Evie, the first-person narrator of Hush, can no longer put her feet down on the floor—or at least that’s how it feels to her. Her family has moved from Denver to an unnamed city, leaving behind not just their home, but also their friends, extended family, and even their names. Forever. It was the only way they could stay safe. Evie’s father, the only black cop on the Denver police force, saw two colleagues shoot a black teenager without provocation. Furious at the injustice and saddened by the prejudice behind it, he chose to testify against the two officers, and that choice left him at odds with many of his colleagues and former friends and put his family in danger.
My point is, she’s got a lot going on.
Have a look at VB for what it is for so many blokes. It’s a brand, not just a beer. It’s a memory and a sign post and it’s quite possibly what gave them the edge in dire times. Today it is inextricably linked to binge-drinking and bad behaviour, to bogans and bar fights, to cheap-and-nasty. It is called ‘macro swill’ and ‘wife beater’ and it is used as currency when describing the bottom of someone’s barrel. And maybe that will never change for some.
I could
There are so many flowers starting to bloom that I promise the next post will be just garden pictures!
In addition to the first dance and father-daughter/mother-son dances, you have to choose a song for your grand entrance – and one for the bridal party if you want them to be announced too - you should pick a song to be played while your dad, best man and maid-of-honor are called up to the microphone for their toast, and you also need to pick a song for the cake cutting, bouquet toss and garter toss, if you’re having one.
In 1982, he earned a Master of Theology from the Princeton Theological Seminary and continued to travel worldwide and be involved in church leadership, fighting the cause of the oppressed, globally.
Hunting these babies down will definitely be a challenge but when you want something that badly it'll fuel your search efforts. I have a dear friend studying abroad in Japan at the moment and I hope that she will be able to help me in my search for the rest of the set.
There will be a break from this series tomorrow to make way for my Sepia Saturday post, but the final part of One Pin, Two Views will be published on Sunday.
I mean, really. Gah!
I'm entering this card in these challenges:
Anita
These are scandalous lies! My reputation a a great benefactor has been impugned!
And that makes it hard to get shoes on.
Do you have a backup for your personal belongings? Not that you need duplicates of all the items but do you have a journal listing of all the items with a description and their approximate values? That record becomes the backup that supports the claim for your insurance.
First things first, I would like to apologise to both my readers for the lack of posts recently. There have been some hiccups with my internet, and so I have had very sporadic and unpredictable access for some time now. But a nice man came yesterday, and promised me there should be no more problems. So here’s hoping.
From a third way up the fairway, I have a scary shot over another gully to the green. It’s at least a 5-iron for me so I choose to hit my 4-hybrid, hoping to get some air beneath my ball. It’s hard enough fighting the temptation to look up let alone, hit it with enough loft to get over the low bearing trees in the gully. It’s like an overgrown river bed down there.
a pickle break!
7:00-4:00-- Work at My Small Town High School. (Get flu shot at 2:30. Arm still hurts.)
kids stuck forced to wish
‘I bend my knee to no one,’ he continued. ‘Without the Monarchy, there would be no aristocrats owning vast swathes of our green and pleasant land simply because their ancestors stole it from the previous occupants.’
fluttered in the wind, and my eyes wept.
There was a brief silence.
Not everyone reacts negatively to my atrocious scrawls. Some would even squeal with delight saying, Ang panget ng handwriting mo, puwede ka na mag-doctor! Many doctors share my seismographic handwriting. I wonder, does the medical community attract people with bad handwriting, or are doctors simply busy bees who are always in a rush to scribble down prescriptions? I have no proof for the former, and the latter can’t always hold true. Some doctors have all the time in the world, sitting in their offices, chatting with their patients, joking with their assistants, still they manage to come up with nothing but the worst scrawl of black ink.
Cue the right-wing outrage machine. Savage was attacked for his use of language and for belittling the faith of his audience. Now for the real point of contrast between his story and Limbaugh’s. Rather than react immediately to the furor, Savage took the time to reflect on the situation. He then crafted a smart, careful response, addressing all the nuances of the situation. He accepted responsibility for the name-calling use of the term “pansy-assed” and apologized to the students who had walked out while making an excellent point
When I was still I hung from the back of the chair my arms outstretched and coughing violently. After the coughing fit I opened my eyes and stared intently at the black and white checkerboard lino. Then, all around, from the outside creeping in to the centre, my vision had been invaded by silver worms of white light that seemed to have slid through the cracks in the ether and appeared on my kitchen floor.
Students using MAC OS wireless printing will need to talk to the Student ICT help desk on Level 1 to help with set up.
Button Hole Band:
Sorry for that demographic digression, back to the lecture at hand. What I'm saying here is that while Pelosi - and Obama with her - might think that they're playing it safe by supporting Weiner's ouster/resignation, they're really just hurting themselves in the eyes of party loyalists (who viewed Weiner as a strong young Democrat, with good principles), and giving themselves no benefit in the eyes of those who already dislike congressman Weiner and his politics, even before the pictures of his bare flex showed up on the net.
After all this it got me thinking as to the reasons why a lot of pubs, even ones with a reasonable range of ales, don't have any dark beers on regularly. The flavour you can get in the darker beers is amazing and I think a lot of people who don't normally drink ales would be most surprised to realise that you can get such different flavours in beer. I can only assume that the landlords don't think they'll sell or that they in fact don't sell. In that case I think there's a huge case for pubs and staff to educate the drinker into the range of beers available.
As I had mentioned a few months ago, May 14th is our one year blogoversary. Several amazing authors and I have come together in this time to host an awesome giveaway to celebrate. From May 7th to May 13th we will be hosting a giveaway for the ultimate prize pack. One winner will be picked to win the prize on May 14th and announced the same day. Below you will find some of the authors who are helping to host this event:
“They struck directly
Bake the souffle until set, puffed and the center still jiggles a bit when the dish is shaken, 20 - 25 minutes for a large souffle or 8 to 10 minutes for individual ramekins. Serve immediately.
In a prior article I discussed how You Will Earn a Fortune. We discussed the need to save part of what your earn to ensure a successful retirement, however few Canadians actually do.
It was the best vacation ever.
What do you think of sequels? Do you enjoy reading and reviewing them as much as when you read the first book in the collection? Don’t forget to check out all the other great authors that are part of the YA Indie Carnival and see what they have to say about sequels!
Most mainlanders hear "homeschooled" and they get the wrong impression. There were many deficits in our swamp education, but Grandpa Sawtooth, to his credit, taught us the names of whole townships that had been forgotten underwater. Black pioneers, Creek Indians, moonshiners, women, "disappeared" boy soldiers who deserted their army camps. From Grandpa we learned how to peer beneath the sea-glare of the "official, historical" Florida records we found in books. "Prejudice," as defined by Sawtooth Bigtree, was a kind of prehistoric arithmetic--a "damn fool math"--in which some people counted and others did not. It means white names on white headstones in the big cemetery on Cypress Point, and black and brown bodies buried in swamp water. She calls her grandpa a true historian who is a true egalitarian:
"I watched certain people more than I did the others, to see if I could get anything on them that could be used against them," he said. But he said he was fired after he refused to sign an affidavit accusing a Turner employee of theft -- a man he believed had been "set up."
This week has been so crazy with "lovely" medical appointments for my son, a cracked tooth for me, Honor's awards for my son, kindergarten graduation for my niece, karate belt testing for my son and just no time for me and my crafting. So as you can see, this week's sketch as been delayed by a crazy week when I didn't think I would get a chance to craft in any way, shape or form, lol. So here is this week's sketch without any further delay, hope you all enjoy it as it is a super easy one and uses quite a few photos too!
You’ll probably hear more of that if you haven’t already. The problem with manufacturing foreclosure documents is because there are so many foreclosures, because what else could be done? It’s like the I Love Lucy episode where chocolate is coming down the conveyor belt too fast – of course Lucy is going to start rubber-stamping foreclosure documents without even looking at them when they are rolling in so fast.
Being in Savannah with all the beautiful people, southern hospitality, historically old buildings, and Paula Deen souvenir's made me just want to say, "y'all" after every phrase.
Have a great day everyone, it's raining cats and dogs here today! What's your weather like today?
- turned poached chicken into a Chicken and Mushroom Pie and a Chicken and Asparagus Pie (recipe to follow)
I watched them hatch (I actually SAW Spunky hatch on my birthday!)...remember how we all pulled for the little guy and prayed that the tiny #3 eaglet would survive? Always so tiny and so fiesty! Through it all...Belle and Liberty were there, in and out of the nest, feeding and more feeding, keeping those little babies warm in the brisk nights of March, and covering them for the torrential spring rains.
A few minutes later, she saw him being led away by a woman in her 40s towards a van. When confronted, the woman said it is a case of ‘mistaken identity’ and walked away as if nothing happened.
Thank you to my friend Lady Diana for bringing these products to us which makes our cardmaking time so much easier and faster so because of her we could pick a second winner ,YIPPIE!!!!
I don't know if there is a way to "end bullying" in schools. I have a feeling that harsher punishments will not do the trick. But I do know that no one should have to put up with bullying or abuse. No one should have to dread waking up in the morning, when she knows that the day will be filled with torment and harassment. No one should have to feel like the only way to stop the hurt is to kill herself.
The guy is lucky that he's not dead.
Ho hum!
* = Newtown, for the unfamiliar, is where the Sydney student-art crowd typically can be found sipping lattes while wearing brightly coloured, mismatched footwear, berets, skinny black jeans and statement shirts, paired with the ironic gaze of someone who knows exactly how soy products are made. When Livinia likens a person’s hair to Newtown (as she did this Saturday), she's just searching for a polite, euphemistic way to say she’s not a fan.
Also, I've decided a HATE giveaways.
At last, just as I'm about to head for my train home I find what I was looking for. Ambra Rossa it's called, and a spanking good beer it was, quite bitter in an unusual way. It seems restaurants are the place to go if you want to get an interesting beer in Italy. Thankyou San Gabriel.
—Climatopolis: How Our Cities Will Thrive in the Hotter Future by Matthew E. Kahn (Basic Books). Kahn's book is at once hopeful—that cities will energetically reconfigure themselves to function smoothly in a decarbonized global economy—and cautionary, warning that whole regions of the world might soon become uninhabitable.
Mallrats (1995)
Performing an āśvamedha is the way an emperor in ancient India could ritually demonstrate his power. An āśvamedha is a shockingly explicit, flamboyant and martial ritual that would give pause even to the most seasoned pagan. It is very difficult to possess the power and wealth required to perform this function even once. Indra, the king of the heavens, did it one hundred times. Yuddhiṣṭhira did it three times, but because he was so naturally powerful and impressive, the effect was similar to the effect Indra obtained from a hundred.
I don’t think I can really answer that question. It depends on the circumstances surrounding the loss, as well as one’s work status within the company. Also, is the company small or large, and would you be able to take some time off with temporary replacement, or are you needed to meet productivity? Most companies have a two or three day bereavement policy, and frankly, someone doesn’t stop grieving in 2-3 days. Grieving takes weeks, months, even a year or two. Open communication is the key in this type of situation, and follow-up should take place between the employee and their managerial leader.
This is what we want. What we first need to do is connect to ourselves in this way, forgiving ourselves our faults and striving always to be authentic to the soul you have to offer to the one you connect to.
The confrontation avoided. Time and time again.
- grey sea salt
My friends rate for one month is less than what a comparable hotel costs for probably five nights.
Not that it should come as a surprise, but Lotus ended two of the days at the top of the time sheets. A remarkable achievement was actually on day two when Grosjean lapped the Mugello circuit in his Lotus as did Kobayashi in his Sauber with the exact same time of 1:21.603. Both pilots were tied for the day’s fastest lap. Perez had a rough spell on the final day with limited running in his Sauber before retiring it into the garage as it smoked like a cheap Cuban cigar.
I had to take a few days off from writing…I needed a break from all of this adoption stuff.
Q: Please tell us what your new book is about and what inspired you to write it.
Thanks for keeping up with us! We have a crazy story!
Anthony Bridgerton has decided it is time to take a wife but there are rules. The most important one is he will not fall in love. That is why he set his sites on the season’s belle, Edwina Sheffield. She seemed proper and would make a fine viscountess and absolutely someone he could not fall in love with but there was a problem.
I guess that is one of our Holiday traditions. What are some of yours?
One important reason for this was the rise in scale of newspaper enterprise and the associated increase in capital costs from the mid-nineteenth century onward, which was based on technological improvements along with the owners’ increased stress on reaching large audiences. The expansion of the free market was accompanied by an “industrialization of the press.” The total cost of establishing a national weekly on a profitable basis in I837 was under a thousand pounds, with a break-even circulation of 6,200 copies. By I867, the estimated start-up cost of a new London daily was 50,000 pounds. The Sunday Express, launched in I9I8, spent over two million pounds before it broke even with a circulation of over 200,000.
I’ve noticed that the majority of homosexual couples seem comfortable with it (at least the ones I’ve met), though I’ve also noticed that a good percentage of heterosexual couples struggle with this one. Typically, it’s the male partner that wants the porn, and the female partner doesn’t – which isn’t surprising given that males are more visual creatures. And whenever I hear people expressing their feelings about it all, women confess that it makes them worry that they aren’t attractive enough and men insist that’s not true… which the women don’t believe is the truth, no matter how many times they hear it. As a result, more often than not, the porn is not welcomed into the bedroom (at least while they’re both there).
"So from next week we are promoting you to Marketing Manager."He says
1. Grind spices. Then mix all ingredients to make curing mix.
Grass fed brisket with local corn and heirloom tomatoes. The au jus that the brisket and veggies sat in was so earthy and is the stuff of dreams. The brisket itself, though, took it up a few more notches. Delicate, earthy, fall apart on your fork, melt-in-your-mouth-oh-so-goody. Again, a perfect pairing with a 2005 Spanish Tempranillo from Bodegas Ramon Bilbao set the dish off.
Pornography and hard-core material that depicts graphic sexual acts.
11 off
Teach
A firm had wanted to convert it into student flats but has pulled and now the council has stepped in to buy it for £2m and knock it down to make way for the Queensgate redevelopment - which involves buolding a new library and art gallery, putting shops in the old library, attracting a major retailer for a department store, plus 160 new shops, cafes, bars and restaurants, 170 residential flats and a 100-bed hotel. No planning application has been submitted.
No video game franchise had such an impact on my taste in video games (and my last.fm counter) as the Silent Hill series by Konami.
N is for the necessary library tension
Secondly, Rights are not granted to us by society, state or a supernatural being, they are a moral principle required for us to live, demanded by our very nature. Rights are inalienable.
1 small zucchini, cut into 1/2 inch chunks
My Islam is a bonfire blazing into the early morning hours
As I walked the full length of the 8.3 km stream before it joins a river, I kept looking for fish. Halfway to the river junction, my search ended as large fishes swam about. If they are bottom suckers or fish that thrive in clean water, I do not know.
2. Add tomato paste, hawaij, bezar and chicken soup powder to make a paste.
While a large part of Lulu’s strategy is getting the product right, an equally important part is keeping it scarce. The goal is to sell gear at full price and to condition customers to buy when they see an item rather than wait. “Our guest knows that there’s a limited supply, and it creates these fanatical shoppers,” says Ms. Day. New colors and seasonal items get three, six or 12-week life cycles so stores feel fresher. Sheree Waterson, Lulu’s chief product officer, says a hot-pink color named “Paris Pink” that launched in December was supposed to have a two-month life cycle but sold out its first week.
In summary, we feel that your text represents a very good start and, with some judicious tweaking, the basic idea will work hard in getting the point across. A final thought: some of the respondents were a little uncomfortable with the notion of "fighting" per se; it may be worth looking at some less confrontational language.
A wound chord unraveled engages an outlet.
God must demand humans to be one with nature.
Where there is no sudden word, past
I talked to a whole bunch of people here and got the scoop on the best places to go. Well, after careful consideration, we have decided we aren't going to do water survival classes after all. We are going to do SWIM LESSONS! That's right, hopefully a month from now my just barely 1 year old will be SWIMMING!! And when I say swimming, I mean gliding through the water with the greatest of ease. They don't just teach them how to float, they teach them how to kick their legs and move their arms and get from point A to point B and they actually teach them how to climb OUT of the pool. They say that if the baby is comfortable enough in the water and actually enjoys being in the pool (which Laney does) they will teach them how to dive for rings.
Most Americans do not give much thought to Haiti. They may know it is a black, French-speaking country, which shares the Caribbean island of Hispaniola with the Dominican Republic. From what they see on television they realize it is a poor, violent nation ruled by a succession of dictators, each seemingly worse than the last. They may also associate Haiti with AIDS, crime, drug gangs, boat people and environmental disasters. These are all correct associations but the history of Haiti puts all this in a broader context. It offers one of the most sobering lessons about race in the New World. It is a story that is rarely told, but the grim realities of the aitian revolution and its aftermath are just as worthy of our attention today as they were 200 years ago. None other than Lothrop Stoddard (see AR, Jan. 2000), who wrote his Ph.D. thesis on Haiti and later published it as The French Revolution in San Domingo, called the black uprising “the first shock between the ideals of white supremacy and racial equality.”
Referring to the posts (denigrating Korean women) as "cruel and racist", he explained the present state of the employment of foreign language instructors in Korea.
READING some wonderful books together. Little Pilgrim's Progress, The Book of Virtues, and lots of "maybes" which I have to sift through my filter (Philippians 4:8) ... hopefully many beautiful stories, some timed to coincide with studies of particular countries. Plus the usual stacks of maths, science and history books we always seem to gravitate towards. These books all add up to lots of snuggle time ... ahhh, bliss :)
Sometimes the lowest fares are on an airline’s own website; sometimes they’re available through search engines, such as Kayak or Expedia, which locate fares from a combination of carriers.
Lola: Yes. Perhaps. Entirely dependent on how I feel at the moment. Have you ever taken an IQ test? If so, how did it feel?
I’ve a book coming out (Doom, Rider, remember?) in a few months. The cover is astonishing. I’m utterly thrilled with the story itself (it almost wrote itself). And that simply wouldn’t be happening at all if I’d decided to give up on this whole dream. Yeah, failure is something we all have to deal with, but you know what? We don’t fail all the time, do we? No. We actually win through, as well.
In my mind today, no time has passed since 9/11. There is no memory, no moment in my life as seared on my thoughts as the moments that transpired that morning as I watched the towers in smoke and then hit again by Islamic terrorists. I had just turned 30 and was downsized from my position at the time, so unfortunately I was at home, watching every moment of 9/11 occur. It was the most traumatic experience of my life.
exultation of Being, an ever-continuous Creation!
Some may not agree with me, but one real-life villain that comes to mind when I think of this archetype is Adolf Hitler. He had an idea which he thought to be good and right and for the sake of the greater good of the future. He didn't believe what he was doing was wrong because it was serving the motive or purpose that, in his morality, seemed in the right. Of course, the majority of the world disagreed. Which makes him evil, but obliviously so.
Likely Teapublican presidential candidate Mitt Romney revealed that he will be purchasing a new clothes washer for wife Ann this week. “I think it’s the ideal gift for a stay-at-home mom like Ann,” said Romney during a break from the campaign trail. “Up until now, she’s been using a washboard and tub like most
Patrick Mazzariol is Vice President International Sales at Synchrony, Inc. based in Washington D.C., USA. Synchrony Inc. is a leading Fortune 200 technology company. Patrick has a Master’s degree from ESSEC, France and recently completed the Global Executive MBA at The Fuqua School of Business, Duke University.
The later-onset group:
A great event with something for everyone this Sunday in Crown Heights from Seeds in the Middle. If you're a restaurant/food service owner (or otherwise work in the industry), they're still looking for donations to feed the kids, and every little bit helps.
If you do God’s work in God’s way, God will provide. The apostle was experiencing the providence of Jesus Christ as we pick up the account in Acts 27:2.
Big word, I thought, forgetting that I was dealing with a boy. So I responded, “It means when your poop gets hard and it doesn’t want to come out. Usually you end up with a tummy ache.”
Potential impact of sea-level rise on Bangladesh. Bangladesh, one of the world’s poorest nations is also the country most vulnerable to sea-level rise. The population is already severely affected by storm surges. Catastrophic events in the past have caused damage up to 100 km inland. It is hard to imagine to what extent these catastrophes would be with accelerated sea-level rise. Digital terrain modelling techniques have been used to display the Bangladesh scenarios. A three dimensional view of the country has been overlaid with the current coastline and major rivers and potential future sea levels at 1,5 meters. Since this scenario was calculated in 1989, the expected rate of sea level rise has been modified. At present expected rates, this stage will occur in about 150 years from now.
If this blog has ever made a difference in your life, or even made you stop and thinking about the things around you, I encourage you to comment and let me know. I would love to hear from you guys!
until the potatoes are fork tender and browned.
08. My Turn - Skiptooth
I reach the water’s edge and I see the girl at last.
This is the way of life,
Okay so why is it a girl will still return to her ex.. her feelings of the past may stay strong.. even though the ex may not be good to her - he may have emotionally hurt her
As we are working on our end of month assessments for our Data Notebooks, I thought I would share a bit about what we do. Our Data Notebooks are actually folders with brads... but I have used binders in the past too. (I switched to folders when Staples started all their amazing penny sales a few years ago!!)
This small summer church on the shores of Lake Sunapee was the last church designed by Wood. It was completed in August 1898 and remains active as a seasonal chapel. They had all the windows boarded up and you would never know people still use it. Evidently, the inside has some wonderful arches. I was struck by the doors and the cross.
We did well on the first 3 cycles, dropped off a little on the 4th and 5th cycle but rallied on the final cycle. The whole workout was really enjoyable as Suzanne and I got to have some great conversation during the walk periods and it felt so good to run again. I had gotten to the point where I was feeling really jealous when I would see someone out for a run and wished it was me. I definitely ran with joy this morning and look forward to hitting the road for a long run!
You can now garnish it with roasted cashews and dessicated coconut powder.
Everyday, though, I wake up and realize I'm infertile and that I've lost something. Everyday I have to deal with the anger and make a choice about what I am going to do with it. I'm constantly depending on God for help in this area. Sometimes I am bitter. All the emotions can come and go depending on where I am and what I'm faced with and I make a choice on how I respond.
Here are some scenes from last night. I will be sure to include some pictures of the girls in the next post.
I've been meaning to post this chocolate pics since last month but I never had the time to upload everything. Hubby brought home some chocolates from Switzerland and Belgium. Honestly, I'm really not into chocolate confections, I would rather prefer chocolate bakes. Then again I was really curious if the taste is justifiable to the price of the chocolate itself.
The following briefing allegedly took place in the campaign headquarters of Simba the Lion in his campaign to win the local ward of Jungle East. The other voice in this transcript is that of his advisor Nyoka the snake.
For what I’ve done
Ahhhhhh....let me start by saying I adored this wedding.
And, of course, he came right to the big leagues and had otherworldly moments there too. He allowed one single in six innings his first start. In his first full year, he struck out twelve in six innings against Montreal. Then, of course, in 2003 he had a postseason for the ages, making five starts, compiling a 2.11 ERA, and capping it off with the World Series MVP he won by throwing a complete game, five-hit, nine-strikeout shutout in Yankee Stadium to clinch the game. It was one of greatest games anyone had ever pitched in the World Series.* And Beckett was 23 at the time.
Night Train to Munich
Cube 2-3 chicken breasts (If the chicken is partially frozen, it's actually better. Two reasons: it's easier to cut and I think it makes more gravy!) After your chicken, add 1 can Cream of Chicken or cream of celery or mushroom if you like). Add 2/3 cup of milk. In a separate bowl, put stuffing mix and water(follow the box directions for amount of water, I think it's like a cup and a half?), mix to moisten the stuffing. Spoon stuffing mix over top the soup/milk. Cook on low for 4-5 hours. That's it!
*The ground grows grass. Towers rise up. Minions – both purple and blue – begin to wander down winding lanes…*
“Gnostic text. More of a review than research.” Ramiel replied, letting the awkward moment pass and settled himself more comfortably in the chair.
I can only assume that with Cas declaring himself the new God, that The Almighty Himself has cocked an eyebrow and turned his mouth in a frown. With Cas’ revelation, I can only assume that next season we see the emergence of *the* one and only God to teach Cas what’s what. Is there any rumor or talk that God Himself will make an appearance next season on Supernatural? If so, potential actors (I think Ian McShane would fit the show’s version of the Lord)? — John
The channelling has meaning to me personally, but i know it also relates to many of us at this time. Know that Jesus Christ and Archangel Michael are with us! See below:
Well...maybe the VHS version. That's still pretty damn cool.
I love the TV show Buffy the Vampire Slayer. I've said it before, Joss Whedon is a genius. GENIUS! Anyway, a couple friends of mine discovered, watched, loved, then worshiped the show Firefly, so I dangled Buffy and Angel in front of them. It only took the words "Joss was a genius even before Firefly," and they were sold. After sticking with both series for a total of 244 episodes, I figured they deserved to have a book written with them in it! I put them both as the main characters in that world and *ahem* I gotta say it was pretty magical.
In this week’s Above the Tearline, we thought we’d take a look at the highly sophisticated surveillance operation that took place many weeks before the SEAL Team Six takedown of the Osama bin Laden safe house.
She has a collection of shoes and jewellery box that any girl would envy
ViewCast
Floater
And as such, I won’t be believed in
that hot and cranky harpist...
At such a time it is relevant to ask:
Then it’s a trip up to Nashville for the Titans on 12/17 in primetime.
956 D-XI/10/1986. “The Character and Purposes of the New Deal.” Conference on the Legacy of the New Deal, The Center for Constructive Alternatives, Hillsdale College, Hillsdale, Michigan.
The birds have been happy and pretty. This is out the window of Holly's old room.
“Body is Maya, then why do we obsess about it?” said MF Hussein matter-of-factly in a private conversation with somebody – I am not revealing his name here – who was close to him and is also known to me. The context was the crazy brouhaha over some of his controversial paintings and his leaving his beloved country – India – and taking up a residence in Dubai.
For electoral purposes we assumed in the last piece mentioned above that such event would be for the benefit of the Republican candidate due to its effect on oil prices. We will like to add here that an Israeli attack will also accentuate the failure of the naive foreign policy of the Administration and
Trying to make me way. Looking for answers to my own questions. Questions sometimes bathed in fear and washed in sadness?
Oh my goodness!!!
4:15 p.m. — Fermenter moved to fermentation chiller and blowoff tube attached. Temperature controller set at 67±1 °F. Time to clean up.
They spent their lunch together in the Park, a beautiful area, full of green. Elise had to remind her daughter several times not to stare so at the Night Elves.
1. All cassava get same skin but all nah taste same way. Though people may look alike because of their mode of dress, they are different in their ways.
Milk Protein – Hydrolyzed milk protein. From the milk of cows. In cosmetics, shampoos, moisturizers, conditioners, etc. Alternatives: soy protein, other plant proteins.
In addition to the late MS evidence, Metzger says, “The passage is quoted by none of the Greek Fathers, who, had they known it, would most certainly have employed it in the Trinitarian controversies (Sabellian and Arian).”[8] Finally, the Comma is missing from all ancient versions including Syriac, Coptic, Armenian, Ethiopic, Arabic and Slavonic. It is also missing from the Old Latin (4th-13th centuries) and Jerome’s Vulgate (4th-5th centuries). “The reading seems to have arisen in a 4th century Latin homily in which the text was allegorized to refer to members of the Trinity. From there, it made its way into copies of the Latin Vulgate, the text used by the Roman Catholic Church.”[9] “In the fifth century the gloss was quoted by Latin Fathers in North Africa and Italy as part of the text of the Epistle, and from the sixth century onwards it is found more and more frequently in manuscripts of the Old Latin and of the Vulgate.”[10] In an age when a Trinitarian statement as clear as the Johannine Comma would have been exceedingly useful, it is astonishingly absent.
'Racism is wrong'
Author B Chris Bell was born and raised in Texas, and now lives somewhere in Chicago. I was born and raised in Chicago, and still live here. But Bell writes about Chicago as if he were born and raised here. Heck, he knows more about 1930s Chicago than I do! And that's the period in which he's set his wonderful novel, Tales of the Bagman: 1933 Chicago, during the last days of Prohibition.
Two were terrible and one was very good. Two had misspellings and many grammatical errors, one did not.
Outfit 2
If you are in the New York area, I strongly suggest Foremost Caterers. Not only do they provide a Kosher meal, it is absolutely some of the BEST off premise food that I've ever tasted. It is imaginative, hip, pretty and the service is wonderful.
He said Lim has always been busy politicking and never had time for people’s issues.
Know their responsibilities
My sincerest condolences to the anal Luddite that I used to be. But in the meantime while I still don’t have the hard copies of The Importance of Being Earnest by Oscar Wilde, The Brideshead Revisited by Evelyn Waugh and Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov I would have to libate them through an android phone. Yes, it’s like making do with a faux Louis Vuitton because I don’t have the real deal (what Louis Vuitton; I’d rather use that black plastic bag used for garbage, thanks). But I promise, one day I will purchase all the books that I don’t have yet in my mini library. And by that day, I hope I don’t own an android anymore to distract me. Or at least I’ll try to change my attitude towards technology and not let it cloud my sense of judgment.
Chris: Darn ole Greg Jennings just scored a touchdown. He’s gonna make me sweat this one out.
anyways i am sharing this because it kinda connects to zaida’s story. our first reaction to what she said would be to immediatly advise her on how evil her dad is(which i think he is) and what steps she must take in order to get him locked up. sometimes this is the worst approach to take. please understand this, i am not making a blanket statement on all abuse cases i just believe at all times it is wisdom to know when to allow the abused to come to their own decision that they want to report the abuser to the police or when to step in and do it ourselves.
Amongst those retailing the fiction was The Daily Mail (see picture above). And then what about this drivel from Cristina Odone, the girlie's girlie who pollutes The Daily Failygraph? But Panetta stresses that officials in the Situation Room "didn't know just exactly what was going on" on Sunday for 20 to 25 minutes when the team entered the compound.
I spread my arms to gather it,
In winter, she’d extol the virtues of eating a bowl of porridge before school. She’d also ensure that our footwear was appropriate to the weather. "Where are your boots?", she’d ask, sternly. When one boy admitted that his family couldn’t afford any, she bought him a pair, herself. "Now, you look after them.", she said. During cold season, Monday mornings we’d each find on our desks, a cod liver oil capsule and a lemon throat lozenge. I still remember the rows of children grimacing as they struggled to force down that pungent pill, and the fishy, oily after-taste, followed by the cleansing lemon.
Is “emotional manipulation” really a crime as a writer? Or is it the failure to manipulate that instigates disdain?
- basil
* The following may be used to override the defaults provided by
I'm ecstatic to say that Kirkus sure seemed to like it! It REALLY made my month to get the following review. And what better way to preface the list of events of my upcoming tour. If you don't like slight spoilers, you might want to skip it though. I love at the end they label it not only as science fiction, but as a "thriller." That's music to my ears...
1871, February 21: Congress Passes an Act to Provide
Strangely it didn’t happen where I expected it. I just kept running. As I was nearing my neighborhood I started trying to figure out in my head where I would go to get these final two miles in. I sort of thought possibly I had missed the vibration for mile 4 because I was about 98.2% positive I had gone further than a mile since the last vibration. But that last .8% wasn’t having it. How could I have not felt the vibration?
MSR Mugmate
This weekend I also went to the Grayslake Antique Flea Market in Grayslake, IL. I picked up this great vintage plant stand. I've been wanting one of these exact stands for ages!:
Might all quantities not be signs of qualities? A greater power implies a different consciousness, feeling, desiring, a different perspective; growth itself is a desire to be more; the desire for an increase in quantum grows from a quale; in a purely quantitative world everything would be dead, stiff, motionless.-- The reduction of all qualities to quantities is nonsense: what appears is that the one accompanies the other, an analogy--
As I mentioned in my earlier post, our class has about 30 students from around Texas. Two in particular, Josh and his brother-in-law Mike are part of the Yselta del Sur Pueblo Tribe located in the El Paso, Texas area. Today, I had the pleasure of having lunch with these gentlemen who very generously educated me about their tribe and culture. Josh is the Emergency Management Coordinator for the tribe and Mike is the tribe’s CERT Coordinator.
Ask me my favourite film and my mind goes blank. There’s too much choice, I can’t remember them all, let alone choose. But ask which film I hate the most and it’s easy. No competition.
shinning in my heart. Therefore, my life is illuminated with the glory of your
DAYTON, OH, August 29, 2008 (LifeSiteNews.com) – Republican John McCain has picked first-term Alaska governor Sarah Palin as his surprise choice for a running mate, in a move hailed by conservative leaders as “absolutely brilliant” and “electrifying” conservative voters, especially women.
But others bemoaned a concession to industry that left existing plants without limits. The EPA’s Jackson said the agency has no current plans to issue rules on those plants, which backers of climate action say are essential to tackle climate change.
1,2 - Anton Perich
Vaisampayana said,–”that heroic and foremost of the Pandavas endued with great energy, crossing the White mountains,
Under federal regulations, immigration officers must advise such noncitizens of the reason for their arrest, of their right to legal representation, and that anything they say may be used against them in a subsequent proceeding. Last August, however, the BIA ruled that these warnings are not required until after questioning has ended and charging papers are filed with an immigration court.
Film is undoubtedly the most remarkable artform of the 20th century and cinema history now rivals literary and art history in any discussion of that receding period. If film has supplanted theatre in many ways, it is not quite as simple a relationship as that. We've recently seen a play become a film become a play again ("The King's Speech"), films adapted for the stage ("Ghost", "Flashdance") and films and plays with similar source material. Like a written play the original version is often sacrosant, yet films are our contemporary myths - and as such - are as likely to be reversioned or parodied or re-interpreted as Shakespeare has been. There is the user "remake" of Star Wars for instance.
The real Italian style carbonara only uses egg yolks, egg, parmesan in the sauce. But I tak larat pulak nak guna just egg yolks and parmesan so I used the recipe that uses only a small amount of eggs but adds cream to make it still creamy and rich.
Thus is the case with one of my roommates. You know, the one I mentioned previously who has been housing her boyfriend in our suite (which is against school rules, by the way).
I did promise a bit of other bollocks… and here it is… the great saga continues….
Manohara (meaning “Hart theft”) claims the Malaysian Prince kidnapped her during a pilgrimage, and for nine months abused her in all classical ways possible. Last year she managed to escape with the help of both her mother and the American embassy. When the press published the cover stories, Indonesians started protesting. In Jakarta, it was reported riots outside the Malaysian embassy. Both the Governments have withdrawn politically from the case, and stated that this is a private affair between husband and wife.
“It has the power to reinforce our positive biases toward our own group, and sometimes negative biases toward others.”
There have been so many situations in my life where I have become stricken with deep fear.
Comments welcome!
seriously...it is incredible how well this 3.5% abv brew
NELSPRUIT: Anton Naude wounded by black attackers on his farm.
There are INFINITE ways to do this, so I'll highlight what I've noticed in my talks with other writers to be the top three (and fellow Scribble Chickers, please feel free to fill in the gaps!!):
Join me in petitioning the US Department of State to go retrieve our drone – NOW. We need to get it back immediately, whether by overt or covert actions, whether by force or diplomacy.
It’s fairly rich and you only need a small slice each. To begin with anyway !! You have to pace yourself a little for this cake !! An ideal cake for Valentine’s day and perfect for my entry into this month’s Tea Time Treats Challenge.
251. Chocolate Marshmallow & Chocolate Covered Pretzel with Sprinkles or Jimmies or whatever @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 8:48 p.m.
Nikon offers D7000 that is a new DSLR camera, which has blending features from the cheaper D90 and the more expensive D300s and adding some new ideas of its own. The D7000 Nikon is the first Nikon DSLR camera which offers continuous auto-focus during video recording, and the first to feature a 16 megapixel DX image sensor. By reading Nikon D7000 reviews, you can find out whether this camera is the right one for you.
i checked this one out & its avail for u:
Three hours later, having completed the scan, I still had that chintzy little”Press here to complete the download” from Rankin’s suggestion.
Full Text Debt Ceiling Showdown August 2, 2011: Minority Leader Mitch McConnell on Senate Floor — Bipartisan Debt Ceiling Bill Will Slow Down ‘Big Government Freight Train’ Political Buzz Debt Ceiling Showdown August 2, 2011: D-Day, Done Deal — Senate Passes Debt Bill 74-26 — President Obama Makes Statement to the Nation & Signs Debt Bill into Law Raising the Debt Ceiling Limit Full Text Debt Ceiling Showdown August 2, 2011: President Obama’s Statement on Congress Passing the Compromise Debt Ceiling Bill — The Budget Control Act of 2011 Political Highlights Debt Ceiling Showdown August 1-2, 2011: Debt Ceiling Crisis Averted House & Senate Pass Bipartisan Compromise Bill — President Obama Signs Budget Control Act of 2011 into Law Political Highlights: Debt Ceiling Showdown 2011 Recap — President Obama Signs the Bipartisan Budget Control Act of 2011 into Law Averting 1st Default in US History
“Woki mit deim Popo” translates as “Shake your ass”, and goodness me they are fond of asses, judging by the liberal use of the word “Popo” throughout the track. Perhaps the most troubling thing about this is that it’s really insanely catchy. I have had a lot of songs in my head from Eurovsion this year, but this comes up a LOT. Follows of this year’s Melodifestivalen might be reminded of Sean Banan’s entry in a similar vein.
Although Duffy labels Pole’s historical perspective in one place as “distinctive,” it actually seems quite conventional—at least regarding the apologetic use of history and the turmoil resulting from disobedience to God (182). Duffy recognizes this, noting elsewhere that the “invective against Protestantism as a socially destructive force is pervasive in Marian writing,” even apart from Pole’s influence (72). Indeed, Catholic apologist John Christopherson writes “‘that the olde mens saying was herein verified, that when the Antichrist should come, the rootes of the trees shulde growe upwarde’”—a metaphor that evangelical reformer William Tyndale used against the papists in his Practice of Prelates decades earlier (72; see Tyndale, Works II, 273). Even English evangelicals attempted to root their religion in the English past, and—with a Protestant twist—they claimed that allegiance to the pope would bring societal disarray.
Well..as I said, just a quick put together.
I hope you had a wonderful day yesterday with family and/or friends. We had a very subdued time with just Mr. FL, me, and my little Launderettes. So subdued that we kind of winged it and had our brunch around 4 p.m. and my "tablescape" if you will was put together truly on the fly (like in the 30 minutes before we ate). My pictures didn't turn out great, but I'll share them anyway. The boys' decorated Easter eggs became the major decorative item on the table, put in one of my Bethany Lowe boxes with the lid removed. An old music holder for an instrument in marching band gave a place to put one of my favorite little vintage Easter bunnies. I think it was sort of a card or something. I had everything on hand, so cost was zero-must love that. Not bad for an impromptu tablescape.
“What these suicide attackers – and their heirs today – shared was not a religious or political ideology but simply a commitment to resisting a foreign occupation.” (Pape, ‘What we still don’t understand about Hizbollah,’ The Observer, August 6, 2006; http://www.guardian.co.uk /commentisfree/2006/aug/06/israel.syria
I is for Instruments you play: does an ipod count? :-P
Is it love or is
One week after the letter appeared, however, 87 of his colleagues joined Baker in signing the Group of 88’s statement. To my knowledge, not one member of the Group has ever publicly criticized Baker’s letter. It seems, alas, that the Group’s oft-expressed concerns with racism only go in one direction.
“How about you… Are you alright?” he asks her.
If I had a glass top coffin,
ANOTHER UPDATE: Silly me, I forgot about Canvases Be Gone. Use the search box at the upper right to enter "Petei" to see what canvases are available. If you have Peteis available on your website or in your shop, please let me know either by emailing me at chilly hollowat hot maildot com or by adding a comment below. Thanks for the reminder, Dale!
This passion.. this dire need to strangle someone.. Is something I have not felt in quite a while.
That I was too young
Ace and Claire Lechay have dinner. Ace also had Gus send her roses. But it’s just dinner. We expected some more either of the romantic nature, or some clue about who and what is really going on with Claire. But this thread is still dangling. As is the pregnancy of Jo the Vet with Turo. Jockey Ronnie Jenkins is still floating around the edges. He managed to make a few remarks to Joey Rathburn with a devastating result – Joey’s stuttering has returned.
But then I started thinking about how often I had invited him into the kitchen to help out with baking and cooking. He donned his first apron when he was a toddler, and together we’ve shared many memorable moments in the kitchen. I even signed him up for a cooking class at his preschool. So really, this shouldn’t have surprised me.
is never enough to
If you hire me, do it because you recognize that I have talent, because I demand respect for myself, and because you want real, vibrant people to put in real work for you.
Before we got our blast of arctic air, I took advantage of the nice weather in Central Texas on Monday to do a photo shoot on our back porch. I hope to make the porch look inviting so we've moved some really neat stuff out there.
There were several of these Guy Gardner-face-to-face covers during Maguire’s run on the book, but this is my choice. If there’s one thing Maguire is known for, it’s his excellent facial expressions and that’s on full display here. Prior to this issue, Guy Gardner had suffered a bonk on the head and was behaving like a sweet, obedient child. That changed here as we got back the a-hole GL we all know and love! That smirk says it all!
"parasitic copying refers to situations where a product is offered for sale in a packaging which resembles an already existing branded product, influencing consumer behaviour to its benefit, without infringing any intellectual property rights such as trade marks, design rights or copyright."
I wonder what its like to be a uni bum.
Ouattara, K. Lemasson, A. Zuberbühler, K. 2009. Campbell's Monkeys Use Affixation to Alter Call Meaning. PLoS ONE 4(11). doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0007808.
Its been reported in the Bolton news that a man has been attacked in Great Lever Park Bolton, the article states that some six or seven youths attacked the lone man, stabbing him under his left arm and puncturing his lung, all suspects are described as Asian ,which to our overseas readers equates to South Asians. It seems as if there is a never-ending cycle of violence directed at whites globally and our politicians and leaders say nothing, merely permit the mayhem to continue. In Philadelphia for instance there is a new phenomenon, referred to duplicitously by the media as 'flash mobs' but in reality a gathering of predominantly non-white individuals mobilising en-masse to attack and injure passers-by.
As you can tell, Pippi had to pose for the camera as soon as I put my material down - silly girl.
His children rest assured
1 celery stalk, cut in half
Well worth grabbing, this.
Lupus held up the sponge-stick and shrugged, as if to say: It's a sponge-stick.
+33 4 90 26 90 72
I guess he's content to be hidden, seeing as how people seek his BBQ out without so much as a website, although others put his store on theirs. Vencil's been doing it his own way for a while--he's 87, you see, and has an air of being proud of what he does without the need to glorify it. Although if you ask him about being one of the best BBQ joints in Texas he'll probably get up and walk behind the counter to get you an autographed copy of the September 26, 2010 Taylor Daily Press, in which he was featured.
D) All of the Above :)
6) Book
to attract attention
‘Trousers! Trousers! ‘e said trousers’. Yes I did; and what are you going to do about that, then. Checkmate, I think. What an amusing teacher I am.
Our original plan was to purchase a home here in Germany. A process that soon became nightmarish. Not impossible, but dreadful none the less. After two months of visiting numerous banks and viewing multiple homes, we eventually found a house and a bank that was willing to finance it.
Yugabrat Kar, vice-president of Odisha tour association, took a dig at local tourism officials for showing leniency towards people engaged in the business of tourism without requisite permission from the government.
Anyway. Edward ‘You’re Not Just Hiring An Actor, Even If That’s All You Actually Want’ Norton plays Bruce Banner, a fugitive scientist with anger management issues, who has fled the US and is hiding out in Brazil, presumably so he can get a tan, not because the other Bruce Banner (played by Eric Bana) ended up there at the end of the first Hulk movie (this gets complicated. Stay tuned). He is hiding out from the Army, and in particular General ‘Thunderbolt’ Ross (William Hurt) and his moustache. This is because Banner has, rather nonchalantly, blasted his own brain with high-powered gamma rays (fairly unusual behaviour for a brilliant scientist, but bear in mind this is a Marvel movie), which means every time he gets ticked off or even just a bit excited he goes green, grows to about nine feet in height and demolishes everything in a two-mile radius. Banner can do without this, probably because the need to control his heart rate is wreaking havoc with his love life and there’s a very cute chick (Debora Nascimento) in his building who has a bit of a thing for him. However, the US Army, committed as ever to the precise and proportionate use of force, thinks that an army of berserk super-strong invulnerable ogres is just what they’re looking for and would quite like to talk to Banner about his giving a blood donation or twenty. As Ross is too American to be villainous enough for this kind of movie, he has recruited special forces expert Emil Blonsky to help him out in this department. Despite his name, Blonsky is British, mainly because it saves Tim Roth, who plays him, from having to do an accent. An inevitable freak accident, involving an even more inevitable cameo by Stan Lee, alerts Ross and Blonsky to Banner’s whereabouts, and off they go to Brazil to bring him home…
It was completely dark when we arrived in Pagsanjan, the town is also celebrating their Bangkero Festival and people were on the street watching a show in their plaza. We are not sure if their church is still open at that time but we still push through since we’re already in the place. The church is not open but the front door is open so we stepped in and finished the remaining prayer and decided to commute back home.
Has been singing all along
What to do to win the ARC?
When I first go my Nook, I discovered Amanda Hocking's book, Switched on Barnes and Nobles Steals and Deals (Re-released today) At the time, I wouldn't dream of giving good money out for an eBook and decided I could handle the .99 cents or it might have been free...Switched cost and I downloaded it. (My husband forced the Nook on me at Christmas and I wasn't sold on how awesome it could be yet. I love it, by the way-Go Nook!)
In a dry oasis
But there were blessings in this parade of no-shows. Because the unraveling of my apartment took me much, much longer than I had originally anticipated, I had to simplify my visits with friends. Historically, I've made too many plans, ran around like a crazy person trying to fit everything in and consequently overwhelm myself and didn't enjoy a thing.
Pre-heat oven to 350°. Roast the nuts for 8 minutes on a lined large sheet pan (use aluminum foil or parchment paper), stirring midway-through. Slightly beat egg whites, add all seasonings except salt and stir to combine (you can do this separately or in the bottom of the large bowl you’ll use for the nuts). Slide warm nuts into a large mixing bowl and pour sweet/spicy mixture over it. Coat the sheet pan with vegetable oil spray.
7. Develop a funding plan that includes Federal, State and Local resources.
For more than one hundred years the Museum has provided visitors with an insight into the animal kingdom and the powerful and sometimes destructive forces of nature. From the Dinosaurs to live animals, the Hancock is home to creatures past and present and even the odd Egyptian mummy or two...
His anxiety usually took a caustic shape and was the worst during times of higher stress like holidays, birthdays or the arrival of company. He would suddenly feel the need to clean out the refrigerator, mop the floor, mow the lawn, or even cut down a tree.
4. Robin
Most teachers from the generation prior to me tended to stay in a teaching position within the same district for their full career. Once they achieved tenure, the only other objective was to work ones way up the ranks, possibly to a position in the district office. Due to the relative seclusion of both the teaching profession and the individual school districts, teachers did not have much with which to compare their profession. Due to the stasis, a good school and district remained so for the long term due to no or limited turnover.
OF COURSE THERE ARE MANY, MANY MORE GREAT CHRISTMAS LPS THAT I GREW UP WITH, BUT THESE ARE THE TOP 10
In preparation for starting transition in a week and a half, we were given a document with an overview of what lies ahead. From the handout:
Chris Cooper is one of the most under-rated actors I know and I share his interest in geo-politics and his ‘left of left’ political leanings which often influences his choice of acting roles. This profile of him from the 2007 Edinburgh Festival is most insightful –
This is it. The year I resume writing my blog.
but I thought of it the entire time...so I think I would LOVE to do
“Mama! When we go have turkey at de people’s house, dey have pie too, right?!”
Asahi attempts to connect with music fans though sponsoring concerts. Also sponsors the World Baseball Classic.
1) STRANGE HAPPENINGS – Rex Garvin
There have been six earthquakes of magnitude 7.0 or greater in 2012 so far. The first quarter of 2012 saw four earthquakes whose magnitude exceeded 7.0. Basic information about these earthquakes is shown in the following table:
cuddle mama
C&S: What does Cooking mean to you?
As I was finishing my last beer on the gloomy Monday afternoon, to very--let me repeat--very attractive women sat at the bar to my left. One was a smoking hot blonde with long curly hair, long fingernails, and gorgeous clothes. The other was a hot brunette with a short hair cut, long thing fingers, and wearing, well, man clothes: jeans, a t-shirt and a blue button down shirt that was unbuttoned. The hot blonde was a very tactile person, constantly touching the brunette, sliding her hand between her legs, caressing her back, kissing her. . . Thank God I have good peripheral vision.
Sunday was Showcase. The last one was great, other than some student making some comments to me that were intended to be helpful but were kinda hurtful in the moment.
Unfortunately what I’m about to say is currently politically incorrect: we should be shamed by people who are five hundred pounds and the image should give us motivation to be healthy. For some reason, as Jacob Sullum of Reason Magazine points out in Super Size Me, obese people can’t yet be criticized in society like we criticize chain smokers or drug addicts. Smoking crack or cigarettes to the point of self-deprecation both produce repulsive images of things we don’t want to be. Lack of will power aside, the vast majority of the population has the ability and means to not be a chain smoker, meth addict, or five hundred pounds.
Nothing the world believes is true. It is a place whose purpose is to be a home where those who claim they do not know themselves can come to question what it is they are. And they will come again until the time Atonement is accepted, and they learn it is impossible to doubt yourself, and not to be aware of what you are.
This was an interesting section for the two of them. They cracked apart, but in a way, both proved their loyalty to the other after their falling out. Vin saved his life even after he left her, and Elend tried to save hers even after he knew she was skaa (and on a thieving crew to boot). The one thing that did make me uncomfortable here was Elend's reaction to finding out Vin was skaa. I know he didn't think there was prejudice wrapped up in his words, but it reminded me a little too much of the way some people think of other countries, cultures, and races. "I had a real skaa thief with me! Think of the questions I could have asked her." As if she were an interesting animal that he could experiment with, rather than a person. I hope that in the end, he gets over what he's been taught about the inferiority of the skaa. I can tell he doesn't want to believe it, but unconsciously, he seems to. I want Vin to be a person to him, rather than a novelty, the way he is a person to her, rather than just a target.
Perfect. Now she knew.
And, probably, my own surveillance satellite.
Ok, we (Miss Gemma and I) stopped into Forever 21 on Friday after I took myself to the doctor. I haven't gone to the doctor for a cold in YEARS, but this one has thrown me for a loop. It's just HANGING around; I haven't been able to work out all week, can't taste anything, and have very little patience for my two sweet kiddos. Did I mention they both have colds too? I'm ready to be done with chilly weather, colds, germs, all of it! That little blast of 80 degree weather in March has made me very impatient.
‘For God so loved the world, that He gave His only Son, that whoever believes IN Him should not perish but have eternal life.’ (ESV)
Be careful that it actually does work, however.
So now the plans began, and I had Two Months to wrap up my life,
Glance at stuff on desk hoping for inspiration!
I just had an idea.
Sure, the lifestyle is great. The money? Woohoo~ Just for flying 14 hours to London, sleeping and shopping for 2 days there, and flying another 14 hours back? (2 days' work, mind you), I get paid close to S$1000. Pretty good deal huh? So what made me give it all up?
Relda began as a sock on my foot. The sock got a hole in it, became stranded, and utterly disregarded in my sock basket. The sock always stayed on top of the basket, it seemed, but never with any purpose.
Furthermore, I doubt if too many of us would like to pick up and move our families to Central America. Or Central Africa? Central Asia? Southeast Asia? Northwest Africa? Eastern Europe? South America? South Africa? …. where? A huge majority of Americans are among the top one-percenters with the median income, worldwide, at $1,200.
and around the top of her head.
A comment from David Cauchi on my Comfort Art post quoted Matisse…
The plan we adopted was entirely my own. It was made comparatively easy by your refusal to hang your pictures, the extreme regularity of your habits, and your avoidance of all night travelling. I was thus able, by arranging your meetings with Evans to take place in the evening, to convey the picture back to Bradborough by the night train.
He warns you against being unmindful. You remember Allah; He too will remember you; call Him and He will make a response to your call. And verily divine remembrance is the highest virtue.
And make a point of putting them away.
In case you were wondering, Costa de Sera is the local Cru to Riomaggiore - there are two other Crus in the Cinque Terre; Costa de Campu around Manarola and Costa da Pose around Corniglia. In order to achieve Cru status the grapes have to come from the designated sites and to have slightly lower yields and higher minimum alcohol levels from straight Cinque Terre.
For this type of embroidery, loosely grouped within the Sweater Letter series which is heavily patterned block type - our process differs slightly from our other typographic pieces like Macho Distrust. Because the patterns and stitch work are quite intricate the design process is usually less organic. We plan out the patterns with as much detail as we can right from the start and set the colours for each element before putting needle to fabric.
Nonetheless, when asked the question, the agency usually trots out a chart with arrows and boxes and buckets and silos and feedback loops and checkpoints and all manner of obfuscatory baloney.
Amen indeed.
Up first today is Melanie Muenchinger's newest set called Basket Additions 2. This first card is one I showed at the party:
www.hairsewvintage.etsy.com
The door is open
I’m in Quezon City circle, seated beside a sign that says, Feed the Artist: Free Writing Group. It’s an invitation to all aspiring writers who want to engage in collective learning. I don’t want to teach. I want to be a cheerleader. I want to cheer people on and lead them toward inspiration.
Poetry demands surrender,
Case in point: Dead City Radio, a 1990 release of recordings Burroughs made in the late 80's. Backed by a range of composers and performers including John Cale, Sonic Youth, Lenny Pickett, Donald Fagan and others, the soundscapes here range from jaunty 50's-nuclear-family cheeriness to groaning guitar feedback, all topped off by Burroughs' creaking, raspy monotone. We are treated to all manner of morbid weirdness: Excerpts about the Mugwumps from Naked Lunch, WSB reading from The Bible, pieces from his short story collection Tornado Alley, even a strangely touching piano-and-voice version of him slurring out the old standby "Falling In Love Again".... In German.
Thank You Russell the Sheep for showing up in my world
"It's 2:40 ? OH SHIT !"
things you need that you might not have:
And I could tell you that it gets better, but life goes on
Debora Sinibaldi
Dill Pickles (1 jar, whole pickles)
I have never seen three boys filled with pride and excitement. They shared their news with the class, the principal, and the other class across from us who also love Peg's writing.
Who's in!? Who can testify that living simply and letting go is the way to go? Who has a hard time saying goodbye and why? What clutter busting tips and tricks do you have for those learning to let go?
The daily mundane routine returned as usual. I am sure just like me, there are people out there who is searching for that very answer to change their life. I have friends telling me that they are equally lost. Unsure where to move on, unsure what is going wrong in their lives. Well, the best thing that can be done now is to get moving, do something in your life that you have always wanted to do but do not have courage to do so. The constant feeling that something is going wrong in life is due to the fact that life is too smooth sailing that you see yourself stuck at the same situation day by day. Take that bold step to feel the difference in your life and never regret what you do! If you never try, you will never know!
I stayed late to help out since we were shorthanded and switched over to working the pediatric ER. It was enjoyably slow and I only registered a few patients. Even when they're sick, the kids can be unbearably cute.
The latest release from The Greeting Farm is now in stock! There is the sweet new Oh Boy Ian and Sweet Anya along with Sweet n Toxic - an awesome new set featuring the Creepy Crew!
1 stalk spring onions (slice thinly)
Virginity (Czechoslovakia…Otakar Vavra)
OH my by the end of the I can't hardly handle this...
Miniature special effects master Derek Meddings works on the set of Superman 2, preparing the miniature Metropolis city street for the scene of the battle with the Kryptonians.
i wish i could say i didn't care about what other people think. and honestly, i don't care about what they think. but i am not impervious to what they say or do. as i was finishing up my list, i began to notice that there were two very distinct groups of people around me. surprisingly, the delineating factors of these two groups aren't based on age, gender or race. or even if they have kids or not.
I am on a mission to get every little thing organized to run more efficiently.
I haven’t heard much about this and I have no idea how it’s going to go but I’m certainly intrigued and the little I have heard has been quite good.
While Missoni S.p.A has yet to establish retail presence in India, the bold and distinct design house is renowned for its constant presence on the red carpet and other significant events across India. Angela Missoni’s presence at the conference has given a tremendous boost to the students and faculty of Pearl Academy of Fashion.
According to Oxford University Press’ website, the Handbook is:
my birthday with all of my wonderful blog readers!
She raised her gaze to the sky and felt the sun on her face, calming her. White clouds of summer drifted overhead in a sky so blue it made her want to cry. A gust of wind rocked her as the tree swayed. Cassie welcomed the feeling of vertigo that came with the thrill of fear that she might fall. That was why she was there, after all. To face the fear. To prove she was more than what her mother claimed. Although she would never admit it, she was terrified of heights. Even more terrified her mother was right. She was clumsy. She was school smart and life stupid. She would never be very pretty. Not like her mother. Not like her sister. How many times did she have to listen to the same story? She got the message the first time she heard it.
By Kirsten Petersen
But (and it's a fairly big 'but'), now that this drink's identity has been dragged out of the closet, it's probably worth pointing out that - as a beverage of this kind - it is a very impressive example.
The important word in that quote is ‘including’. It means that there were other recommendations that Dr Drew is alleged to have refused to accept. We are not told in any of the reports what these other recommendations are, or how important they were seen as being. For all we know the ‘prayer’ issue might have been the least important of the issues as far as the employer is concerned – although it is obviously something that Dr Drew felt strongly about. If this is how the claim is structured, then Dr Drew’s quotes about the lack of explanation from the hospital also make sense. He is saying that his alleged refusal to accept the various recommendations was merely a pretext for the dismissal which was in fact prompted by the protected disclosures (whistleblowing). He is pointing out that the issues identified by the Trust are weak and poorly explained and that they are therefore not the true reason for the dismissal. In other words – contrary to the impression given in most of the reports – he is saying that he was not actually dismissed for sending the prayer and text message at all.
“Sure. But what about my job?” He was really scared.
I'm smaller than the other dogs, but that has nothing to do with anything. I'm all heart, and I'm the alpha dog. Everyone knows that!
In addition to a Holy Roman Emperor and the Austrian wunderkind himself, Cimarosa’s other fans included Haydn, who staged several of Cimarosa’s operas for his own patron, French realist writer Stendahl, who actually preferred Cimarosa’s music to that of you-know-who and Rossini, who apparently couldn’t stop whistling the Cimarosa arias he heard as a boy. Yet aside from Il Matrimonio Segreto, most of Cimarosa’s works are rarely if ever performed. At some point in history Cimarosa’s modest goals and immense success came to be classified as shortcomings.
Here is a fun little flower that I created using ribbon, of which I have tons and I am always looks for fun uses for it.
If you have a fondue pot, awesome (I love my electric one because I can control the heat really well). If not, you can do this in a heavy pot on the stove.
Now, to begin with this is comforting. It’s just a way of reminding you that this nightmare will be over in a couple of weeks. Then the death tolls start racking up into the hundreds, the thousands, and you witness the sickness and you try and understand it but it only ever becomes more inexplicable and incomprehensible. Everything it does defies explanation.
The lawsuit claims Baumblit operates his three-quarter houses as unlicensed rehabilitative and transitional housing programs that treat tenants as clients, violating their tenants’ rights.
Jack Ross / The Great White Silence / 56
We have had some interesting and funny experiences while living here. It is really a different culture and I have learned to adjust my expectations and assumptions about how things should happen.
The movement provided opportunities for the German youth to explore the great outdoors with a spirit of adventure and rugged self-discipline. German folklore, nationalism, patriotism, and an intense appreciation for nature were emphasized. Alfred Toepfer became actively involved in the wandervogel movement in 1913.
As I went through the exercise of renewing my drivers’ license at the DMV I was asked whether I plan to donate my vital organs in case I am involved in a fatal accident. At he same time a newspaper article reported Dick Cheney just successfully underwent a heart transplant operation.
It's gorgeous - i love how it turned out Clare!!! :)
There couldn't have been a more fitting setting to showcase the range. Set in the old historic house which is now the Wallace Collection, the jewellery range was set against the unsurpassed collection of French 18th century paintings and furniture.
Most of us want our diets to be a little like having the remote control; we want the power to make lots of choices, depending on everything from our mood to the time of day. It’s clear from research that the most successful eating plans are low-maintenance: You can follow them with your family, and you won’t feel overwhelmed by cravings. If you can do that, you’ll get results. But try to stay on a diet where you feel more isolated than a Yankees fan at Fenway Park, then chances are that the result will feel like the box-office numbers of a B-level horror flick—a miserable failure.
Keep saying NO to poor Husband.
The winds keep coming here in Boise, and I know they might damage my tall irises. I could go out right now and cut down those tall stalks so that nothing bad happens in a storm. But I would also cut off all possibility of joy I receive from those irises when they bloom. By alleviating all possibility of harm to my irises, I would also nix all possibility of joy.
Luckily my meeting which was supposed to go until 4:30 ended at 1:30. Sitting in a meeting with a hangover is challenging.
And I presume you noticed that in all three cases above, the relationships featured White men and Black women. Extra kudos for that, since most often when we do see these relationships, it is Black men and White or Hispanic women. So good to see Black women getting some attention in these cases.
- 1 cup of grated cheddar cheese
Mix butter, sugar and vanilla. Add flour, then pecans. Chill dough at least an hour. Half an hour before baking, preheat oven to 300. Roll dough into 3/4" or 1" balls. Bake at 300 for 40 minutes. While hot from the oven, roll in powdered sugar. Cool completely, then roll in powdered sugar again. Store at room temp, but also freezes well. (1 recipe never makes enough, if you know what I mean... :o)
Trying to encapsulate war documentaries continues to challenge me...after all, there's just so many ways one can write "war is hell". What I will say is that I have to commend filmmakers who are taker audiences deeper and deeper behind the lines. They are showing us the cold hard math involved with soldiers keeping the rest of us safe.
Those eyes drew her in, promising things she couldn’t even comprehend. They were not the eyes of a saint. Too blue, too knowing. Long raven hair glinted blue-black in the firelight. Foreign accent, not one she recognized, with a lilt she couldn’t place. Charm she trusted not at all. She focused on slowing her pounding heart, forced herself to breathe. “What d’you want?”
Have a wonderful work week!
Fernandel Un Carnet de Bal
But before we get on to this weeks recipe I'm sure you want to know our Top Chef from last week...... and it's Carol H!
Onto the fantastic clambake episode!
327Present the cross before my lifted eye,
among these beautiful reds, blues & browns. I didn't have anything chosen,
There is, however, hope and healing. The path to hope and healing, however, is not an easy path. I do not want to mislead you and tell you that this one sermon will answer all your questions and solve all your problems. What I desire is that we begin our path through the valley of the shadow of death together. It will not be easy. In fact, our path begins with the destruction left behind by sin.
Surprisingly, the reduction does NOT stem from expanded diversion programs. Nationwide, 62,816 defendants were "supervised outside of a jail facility" at mid-year 2011, down from 72,852 at the same point in 2008.
"OK." I'm opening my post but I have a pen and pad ready.
November 15
2 Big Potatoes (Roasted in Foil)
In a tweet posted at 7pm today, Mr Tay wrote:
Do you think it's necessary for independent musicians and bands to have a form of ethics?
In the last HAARP ring forecast .. we saw 9 out of 11 areas be hit with damaging winds, hail, and possible tornadoes. http://sincedutch.wordpress.com/2012/04/22/4222012-circle-and-sawtooth-sweeps…
the good is oft interred with their bones;
Licensed know-how/trade secrets. : This is licensor’s information to be transferred to the licensee. The technology included in the know-how should be described in broad terms but with enough specificity to avoid misunderstandings.
St David, pray for us
I do hope someone nominates Ylva Maria Thompson for Businesswoman of the Year. This visionary lady has established an international sex school in Vienna, where students will be encouraged to practice their lessons in mixed-gender dormitories. Frau Thompson has been quick to refute suggestions that her school is a glorified bawdyhouse for swingers and exhibitionists:
Google+. I'm not sure what purpose it serves yes, what with all my Facebooking and Tweeting and whatnot, but I still really like the interface and how it's not all cluttered and stupid like Facebook. Also, none of my family or my right-wing, super-Christian hometown FB "friends" are on Google+, so there's that.
The sadistic misery and pain directed toward him with no reasoning was eroding his will.
For this expanded edition, Nelson has added chapters on Full Metal Jacket and Eyes Wide Shut, and, in the wake of the director's death, reconsidered his body of work as a whole. By placing Kubrick in a historical and theoretical context, this study is a reliable guide into—and out of—Stanley Kubrick's cinematic maze.
A man accused of being part of a human trafficking ring and operating a brothel, where girls as young as 12 were kept, was denied bail in the Durban Magistrate’s Court on Wednesday.
Kimberley Gordon
"Oh Robert," Cassandra said. "I must go! The light is calling me! I can feel it!"
So here are some new pics of the completed Southwestern territories. Enjoy!
Kemp's contract runs out after this season. Nothing would ruin baseball more for me than seeing him wear another team's uniform. Also, with Frank McCourt still insinuating himself on the team, lord knows what additional damage that incompetent could do. All of the Dodgers may end up playing for the Nationals before the season is done.
I'd like to enter my card into the following challenges:-
1 pound lean ground turkey breast
There were I guess some four hundred of us gathered last night of all shapes and sizes. Clearly it wasn't a beauty parade. But the enthusiasm was infectious.
Why, when I needed you most, have you not been there for me?”
Yesterday the Elvehjem’s floors were scuffed with black streak marks. Its outer walls are flaking and discolored. The building is showing its age. During the birth of the Chazen’s new half, it looks like minimal attention was paid to its older sibling. And like the Elvehjem’s exterior, its holdings are conspicuously older. Walking away from the rich colors and sounds of the modern galleries, one crosses the bridge into the old Chazen’s galleries of renaissance and ancient Greek art. In the quiet, one can’t help but wonder if the old Chazen is being tossed into the dustbin of history.
All writers are told by their publishers, that they have to say the latest one. All writers are told you don’t announce ‘oh no, this isn’t my favourite book, my favourite book is the second one’ (chuckling).
"You have the tendency to go over the top, K so the equal-equal part is important for you to remember," E admonished. "Cuddling is ok, but do not over do. And always remember, it's a fake relationship."
Tom, who has become a good friend of mine—writer’s disclaimer duly given, started out as a listener of KFAI. His participation as a volunteer at the station gained him the nickname of “Super Listener Tom” which soon became “SLT”. A few years revolved; SLT became DJ SLT with his own show. Across The Board is now in its fifth year! And Tom/DJ SLT has built a name for himself as a soundboarder at Twin Cities dance clubs.
You add the rest of the sugar, on a high heat, and coat and turn for maybe 2-3 more minutes. Remove from heat, and add the fresh lemon juice. You can garnish these with ginger, rosemary, herbs, if you wish. Me? I liked them plain and simple.
had been a busy day
and a sideways view,
Later, I gave a fractions test, and at one point I saw one of my more distractible students intently studying his pencil instead of his test. I whispered to him, "Please focus!" He looked up at me, nodded his head, then went back to staring at his pencil even more intensely. I had to follow up my comment with, "Focus on your TEST, not on your pencil!"
Boston Garden, Boston, Massachusetts (USA) July-20-1973
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
So Bacon needed our help, and we were there for it. After the email from J and D’s I immediately emailed Kroger and asked them to keep Bacon popcorn on their shelves… this is the answer I recieved… Well played Kroger…well played!
Here is a traditional Japanese recipe that features kombu called Tsukudani. It is basically a kombu side dish that can be added to rice or eaten by itself. Enjoy!
Here is my canvas ...which can I say, took me a couple of days to create..(lol)
Last month was Autism Month in Jamaica and even though I am about a month late, this is still a very relevant ongoing topic. I must admit, I don’t know much about autism, but as a mom I became more interested in the topic when they showed a feature on it on local television a couple of days ago. Two things struck me 1) it generally appears before the child is 24 months of age 2)it is four times more likely to strike boys than girls. Baby D just turned one and of course is a boy, so that made me just want to find out as much as I could and true to my style – I went into research-mode.
Wikipedia is such a great case study for the power of UGC (user generated content) with huge volumes of content which is written in extremley large detail.
The blackcurrant bush is flowering, the delicate little flowers often go unnoticed which is a shame because they’re so pretty. I have to confess to being a little bit in love with Lupin ‘Masterpiece’, the deep green leaves also have a shade of plum, backlit by the sun they display a rainbow effect. Simply stunning.
I made some calls today about getting a new internet/phone provider. The only thing I'm disappointed about is that even though I still have my home phone service until 6/6, because I already technically cancelled Verizon or Comcast can't get my home phone # secured for me. :( We've had this same phone number all the 8 years that we've lived here. I told my MIL today that if my kids get abducted, they will have no clue who to call if we change our #! LOL Seriously, though... that's OUR number. I'm bummed!
Don't forget to look at the links on the list, and let people know where you found their post at!
On the Wikipedia link for Davila, Ines de Bobodilla is listed as the wife of Davila and Isabel is listed as the daughter. So there is some confusion as to her actual name.
Did you trick ot treat today? Halloween is not very big here in OZ but I did take my girls for a Trick or Treat around our cul-de-sac, as all the neighbours know each other. Here is a photo of my girls before we set off...
Sue, Jennifer, and Jay were playing with each other one the stairs, running up and down, playing a game with rules that they don’t understand and continue to make up until everyone eventually wins. I sat on a dark red, suede couch that faced the piano and main entrance to the house. I sat with my legs crossed, hands interlocked with one another, looking out at the family occurring around me.
There are a surprising number of fields like this, some of grass for hay, some of young canola. E@L wonders why these areas are not planted with grape vines. But of course there are many acres that are ranked and filed with armies of vines, limbs outstretched as if they were lining up on parade.
Few years back a teacher, while making us read a sophisticated book, said, "These words are gonna remain the same, but they would mean different to you when you read them again in a few years". At that time, all I did as a response was make jest out of it but it was now that I realized that he was right.
Now, onto your Hebrews verses. To be frank, no one knows who really wrote Hebrews. Most historians tend to err on the side of an anonymous author and that it was not Paul, so this example is also moot. And even if it were authentic, it still does not explain why Jesus said to follow the Old Testament MANY times. It is just one more contradiction in a mountain of contradictions. I mean, why would God say that there is a new covenant when Jesus (who is God, but is also the son of God, but is also a part of God, but is also separate from God…) said that you should follow the Old Testament. Jesus never said that he was bringing forth a new covenant. In Isaiah 42:6 it says that God would bring forth a new covenant, yes, but then why did Jesus, who is still God, say to follow the laws of Moses, which are part of the old covenant? But why did God create a covenant with us that he himself even admitted was faulty in Hebrews 8:7? Couldn’t he have just created a better one in the first place? Then there would be no need for a second. However, the mere fact that God created something with the ability to be faulty, whether that be a covenant with humans or humans themselves, is proof that he is not omnipotent.
You see, the Cabal wants people to think there is the vast fleet of benevolent ETs out in space battling the evil reptoids and grays and winning, that sun flares are destroying Cabal ships and whatnot. They want us to believe the good guys are winning in space and even on earth so that we will relax, let our guard down, go weak. Think of Kettler as a modern day Toyko Rose, sending out false info not on the air waves but online.
So why not show you what’s in my bag…
In a small saucepan, poach the shrimp until pink throughout. Drain and cool.
Editors will give a hollow laugh at this point. Assuming that the text itself doesn’t cause problems – and a dizty proof-reader could cause those as well as a poor MS – there are a huge number of elements which could cause the project to get delayed. Problems with getting the illustrations in, and approved by the relevant senior staff, are a big one for children’s and other illustrated books; this is less important for mass market adult paperbacks of course but even they can suffer from in-house cover design angst.
One area I’d like to focus on more is what research tells us about writing and editing. The objective of academic research, after all, is to create knowledge and make discoveries that can be shared with the world.
www.riverparkfarm.com
Days after the NAACP clashed with Tea Party members over allegations of racism, a video has surfaced showing an Agriculture Department official regaling an NAACP audience with a story about how she withheld help to a white farmer facing bankruptcy -- video that now has forced the official to resign.
The conference provides an open, congenial and serious atmosphere for sharing research and investigation of G. I. Gurdjieff’s legacy. The conference seeks to keep the study of the teachings of Gurdjieff relevant to global, scientific, spiritual and sociological developments. This gathering is open to all serious students of All & Everything and is not under the auspices or sponsorship of any ‘Gurdjieff Group’ or umbrella organization. The conference is not intended to be a ‘Group Work Event’ and thus does not include Work on Movements or Exercises that are related to personal or group Work.
I choose a main course, a perfectly cooked chunk of tender beef served with roasted new potatoes and a red wine sauce with crispy onions and pepper berries. This 17 Euro lunchtime formula also includes a glass of wine, an interesting red that Mithu chooses for me, and a starter or dessert. I opt for the dessert, knowing that their Panna Cotta is a miracle of flavours and textures, a classic dish that here subtly changes with the season. This time it was infused with vanilla and served with thin, crisp slices of apple and a smooth salted butter caramel sauce.
After Mummy’s first trimester, her vomiting began. She even became hyper-sensitive of her favorite spicy tuna dish and that is when I realized something was truly wrong. As a kid, I vividly remember being terrified of vomit. That disgusting, smelly, colorful substance was dreadful then and is just as dreadful today. I guess some things never change. Apparently my mother’s nausea was more pronounced because she was experiencing a fairly common side-effect of gestational diabetes, which she had. Living in Papua New Guinea at the time meant that advanced (and more effective) treatments were inaccessible. So, my family decided it was best for Mummy to have Nimisha (my sissy-poo) in India. Consequently, the last month of Mummy’s pregnancy was spent in Lucknow, where our huge and supportive family resides.
ABBA are still Number 1. It's still that video. You'd think they'd have got cold by now and decided to go somewhere warm.
The kids made them a lovely home in this tin bucket, where I'm sure they slowly baked to death. This is Brooklyn's pet lizard whom she named "Sally" and she kept Sally in a Pringles container (hopefully Sally got let out before we left!)
On the border between the 6th and 7th Arrondissements, this small garden, squeezed in between the nearby rue de Babylone and boulevard Raspail, is not easily reached and is normally deserted. It is fairly extensive, as Parisian public gardens go. There is almost no vegetation. From inside, its forked shape becomes apparent. Its shorter leg is enclosed between blackened walls over ten metres high and the backs of some large buildings. On this side, a private courtyard makes it difficult to make out the garden's edge.
Yeah. I’m probably over-reacting. I’ll give you that. But this is my blog and this is how I feel right now. And when you read it, you’ll think I’m crazy. Well, you know what, maybe I am.
On the day of my mammogram I was a bit nervous, having heard all the cold-and-painful-squishing horror stories. I have to say that it wasn't really that bad. It was awkward and uncomfortable, but I would not call it painful.
The Jam- Setting Sons
26.Mirroring. Mirroring is an unconscious act that people do when they have a connection with each other. Pay attention the next time you are sitting down with a good friend or close family member. Do you see how when one of you leans in, the other does too, or when one of you picks up your drink, the other will also? This is mirroring and is an indication to the other person that you share a connection.
The comments are a healthy sign; it seems many people are fed up and irate about the constant drumbeat of lies and preaching on this subject from the media and the PC pharisees out in the 'real' world.
So on Wednesday I was host to 7 kids after school. Marko invited all 3 of his current friends over, and together they formed a little international football league – one Canadian, one Brit, one Dutch, and one Portugese. That football sure is a bond for the boys.
In Bradenton, Florida last week, Raymond Roberts was pulled over for speeding. The Manatee County Sheriff's Deputies who pulled him over noticed a strong scent of marijuana coming from his vehicle.
If you poke the dough with a couple fingers and the dents stay it is ready. Shape into rolls and let them rise in a warm place free of drafts for about 1 ½ hours. About 15 minutes before they are ready to bake, turne on the oven.
and bumpy toads and whatever graces my Open Bar Of Joy
God works in mysterious ways.
The next challenge will be on our Facebook page at 8:00 (cst) with Barb Craft.
357Devotion's self shall steal a thought from Heav'n,
'Out of interest,what sort of things would you have liked to see on the menu?'
when they’re inheritedly astutely aware
So where I left off was 27th April (Sarah’s birthday for which I was able to organise a present and card – thank-you Internet!!) when I was 2 weeks into Phase 2.
Heat oil in a small pan and add the mustered seeds and let it pop. Now add the red chillies and finally add the curry leaves. Now pour the tempering into the chutney and mix well. If u want a runny chutney add little water and make it runny. (Do check for salt if adding water).
And that’s my promise. Americans need to remember that if something seems too good to be true, it probably is.
she tried to navigate for me
Yesterday I had a dressage lesson with the classical dressage trainer Jec Ballou. The lesson was great, she helped me work on Dinah's walk and halt transitions. To work on the halt transitions she had me move her walk out and then slowly collect it up. From the collected walk sometimes I would ride a halt and sometimes I would just push her back up to the extended walk. The idea is to keep the forward energy so that she stops with her back legs underneath her instead of out behind her. To keep her active behind so that she is balanced and ready to move out of the halt. I also practiced keeping her round in the halt by softening her and the rewarding her when she gave to the pressure. It was a great lesson and Jec was very complimentary of Dinah.
That....or we need to buy up MSG stock shares and conduct our own hostile take-over. But writing a letter is less expensive and you won't get ripped off on commissions. But if we don't write those letters be prepared to be ripped off by James Dolan every time you buy a NY Rangers ticket, a Knicks ticket, step inside MSG, watch them on the MSG Channel, or even subscribe to his cable company.
I'm shocked to log on and finally realize how long it's been since my last post. I suck a blogging this summer...and I really don't have much of an excuse. I'm sitting around 75% of the time doing nothing but watching tv, so it's not like I don't have the time to update. Somehow I make more time to update when I'm super busy and stressed out...maybe it's my stress reliever. Who knows! So I'll try to go back and talk about what's gone on since my last update. I'm sure I'll break it up into a couple posts because there are some pretty big things that have gone on.
It was very easy, but I like how it turned out - quite elegant, I think.
I was 18, so was she, and both good Christians. She was very sexual. I had a lot of guilt about sex. She said if I really loved her, I would want her to be happy and I would do the things with her she asked. So I did, but it hurt me inside. I can’t say she ever asked me to do anything that part of me didn’t want to do, but at the same time part of me wanted very badly not to do it. Love, and sex, and violence, and god got all mixed up.
05 Love Is Only a Feeling
13th from 9-5
First, let me introduce myself:
The notion is absurd
By the time school started, three painters and the Motion Picture Studio all wanted to use me. I had strict instructions from all of them not to even trim beard or hair--but still no beard card. As it turned out, this particular waiver was complicated for two reasons: the artists weren't on campus and needed to be checked out first, and the request was for an untrimmed beard, rather than the closely-trimmed one allowed in medical and most artistic cases.
“Su? You awake?”
Interested in finding out which supernatural creature Julianne thinks will win a Monster Face Off, read the rest of the post here.
Shot for Shot
- my dh reads her some books (with music playing)
I think I will enjoy “going to the dogs” as an HSU volunteer!
Hastings, New Zealand
*Have a cook out...marshmallows and hotdogs (or tin foil dinners) with a real fire!
Over the years, Marion had done a handful of art commissions for me. It began back in 1998 when I initially sent him a photocopy collection of every comic book story he had ever done that I could locate. Marion had lost most of his existing copies of his work in a fire long ago, and during the discussions we had about his crime comics, I mentioned that it was a shame that the originals for his work didn't exist any longer, as I'd love to be able to see and own one myself. Marion wondered if Marvel, the company that Timely and Atlas eventually became, would have any of it and I explained that among the perhaps untold tens of thousands of pages produced for the company in the 1940's and 1950's, 99.5% of it was long ago destroyed, with a tiny handful surviving by virtue of accident or foresight on the part of an artist or worker.
And I'm completely K-dub OBSESSED, but won't add a third song... but you tube: "keller williams boob job". The first result is from The Pioneer Saloon and fabulous. Oh, it's another really funny one about the comical downside of breast augmentation! Even Nan laughs when she hears it!
I went to the farmer's market yesterday, Gentle Reader, on the first leg of the shopping for the fancy Victorian meal my friend Willow and I are cooking this weekend.
4th day - Gathering at my place with the clan members from Wong, Lai & Tan! It's been a while since we gather at my place, and it's really nice having everyone. Not forgetting the 'drama' that happen that night which make everyone tears and laugh at the same time.
Uchiyama-Tanaka Y, Matsubara H (corresponding author), Nozawa Y, Murasawa S, Mori Y, Kosaki A, Maruyama K, Masaki H, Shibasaki Y, Fujiyama S, Nose A, Iba O, Hasagawa T, Tateishi E, Higashiyama S, Iwasaka T.
Instead that person asks me to work for a rate which is LESS THAN HALF of the “usual rate” that very company has been paying me for over 20 years!
My RAK was the hardest (somehow, that sounds wrong). I am taking my brother's kids (9, 5, 3) for the day/night. Random because he isn't expecting it. He and his awesomely wonderful wife NEED A BREAK. Plus, I love spending time with my nephews.
the bright song of its sorrow
I chose to use recipe cards vs. full 8 1/2 x 11 pages, because I tend to change things around quite a bit and if I ever decide to go back to a recipe box, I can simply transfer the cards from the binder to a box.
Cut to Sunday, December 5. Chef came over to spend Sunday with me, like he does every Sunday. He asked me what my friends think of him, and I mentioned that while they like him, they are more concerned with if I’m ready. He asked me, “Well, what do you think? Are you ready?” To which, I began to cry. And without really planning it completely, I told him I didn’t think I was ready. And I broke up with him.
What if its some 1960’s power-flower throwback your stoned parents cursed you with, like ‘MoonDog’. Or maybe you were the unfortunate offspring of a faded popstar and you are ‘FairyBlueTinkerTwit?
no offense to her friends, but since no one else was in town
As usual all will be constructed using salvaged material- there is a reckless part of my mind that whispers for a PMC set-up, and though I know I could do such wonderous things with it, my heart struggles; it is not 'salvaging' enough for me- though I'm sure all the metal in it has been recycled 1000 times. Did you know metals like gold can be melted down and re-used infinite number of times? Theories suggest the amount of gold we have drawn from the earth is not very much- so often is it recycled that there are grounds to suppose a gold tooth or wedding ring you currently have in possession could be made in part from the jewelry of an Etruscan princess.
It would be fun, we suppose, to hear Vladimir Seriousness von Niederhoffentanger spoken over and over in a Malaysian courtroom.
As the daylight rises, my sleep has not fallen in the hands of the sandman. I quietly listen to the chimes, and recall the drifting waves of sleep that I missed as the ship passed. Just this one night, and early morning… My brain still is turning, processing the information of the days that pass… And those that come quickly as the hour hand ticks by. Insomnia at its best. -M.R
We are getting lettuce and kale starts going, they will be ready in a few weeks!
Doc: "Apparently your mom's amorously infatuated with you, instead of your father."
She lights up when her Daddy gets her attention.
Places to See in Zanskar
Jenifer Marie Simon d/o Timothy & Debbie Smith
All this, spice, black fruit and concentrated coffee followed through to the palate together with leather notes, while the texture was fresh, juicy and supple. This all gave lovely balance of richness and freshness with smooth tannins giving just the right amount of structure.
Yes, there's that face,
Sherri Hill prom dresses will definitely look fantastic along with the perfect nail polish. If you'll be doing your own manicure and pedicure, the initial step is to clean all of the previous traces of old nail polish and often use a good quality polish and nail remover. Immediately after putting on the remover, apply a base coat on the nails as it gives strength to your fingernails. Each nail should be applied with nail polish in 3 strokes. Don't forget the process of applying perfect polish by first applying a thin coating in the centre of the nail and then on the left and then on the right. After complete application, allow it to dry totally before putting on the 2nd coat. You are highly encouraged not to fidget around your hands and nails while applying. Additionally, when you are finished with the application, let the nail polish to dry for around 20-30 minutes for perfect dryness. This is actually to avoid nail polish streaks on your prom dress.
Many who “fall in love with my blogs” for a while disappear without a trace for long periods.
6/5
Wire cutters
There is a short article by Charles McMaster in the Scottish Brewing Archive Newsletter #17 which traces the most salient points in the history of Bell’s brewery, but doesn’t tell us an awful lot about the beer, except that it was a strong Scotch ale, though no evidence for this claim is presented. There is a rather odd description of Scotch ale as strong and dark; perhaps McMaster was conflating the dark beers produced as Scotch Ale in the 20th century for the Belgian market with the old-style Scotch ale described by both Roberts and Booth as exquisitely pale.
First, my Aunt commented on my last post. "You don't actually have to "give up" something for the entire period, such as candy, meat, booze, etc., in fact it is more important to think about something different every single day that you do as a sacrifice. This may mean passing on the double-double at Timmy's or Starbuck's and sacrificing in God's name, or it could mean, sacrificing 1 hour of you free time to do something important (and nice) for someone else; the sacrifice is in the giving up of your time... This might mean taking an elder out to get groceries, mowing an elderly neighbour's lawn, visiting the infirm or elderly in hospital or a nursing home, helping out a new mom, stuff that you normally think you don't really have the time to do. Those are all considered sacrifices, which you do willingly, thoughtfully and in the name of your Creator, to honour the role He plays in your life, or to remind you of the sacrifice He made by giving His son up to the cross... It made it more alive and involved, somehow, to actively and daily choose how we could make a sacrifice that day in God's name that would MAKE A DIFFERENCE..."
I often say that if I had to go back in time, I would want to go back with the knowledge I have now and the style I presently have (we all make true errors in our lives…). But then again, all the steps I’ve made, all the choices I’ve made have shaped me to who I am, so why would I want to change that with the knowledge I have now? My whole life I’ve been strong in being true to myself, prideful because I was never like anyone else I knew, knew enough to be who I am, do what I want without anyone telling me I should be something else. And I feel presently that has just become stronger for myself, this sense of not caring because in the end, I’m only pleasing me and only me. Fuck ‘em all and fuck what anyone else thinks. I don’t believe in “Live Fast, Die Young.” I never did because there’s so much living to be done, so much you can squeeze into this quick minute of the universe called your life that dying young just seems stupid if you can help it.
Through my healing, I also actively worked with a system called MAP: Medical Assistance Program, created by Machaelle Small Wright. It instructs us how to co-create with Nature Spirits, the Devic Realm and a group from the Cosmic Intelligence to assist and amplify our healing progress. I had been working with my MAP group for years. Now that working relationship was being taken to a whole new level.
Friday Follow has been such a great experience for me. I have found new blogs to follow and have learned quite a bit in the process. Thank you Lynn, Tami, and Rita for hosting this event.
(Even longer.)
As an aspiring author, the prospect of writing Chapter One should not intimidate, but excite the hell out of you. Why? Because no other part of your book can provide you with the disproportionate payoff that an excellent first chapter can. Far more than a great query letter, a great Chapter One can attract the attention of an agent. It can keep a harried editor from yawning and hitting “delete.” It can make a bookstore browser keep turning pages during the slow walk to the cash registers. And yes, it can even keep a bleary-eyed owner of one of those electronic thingamajigs touching the screen for more, more, more!
Oh, and he's one of us, too. When he interviewed with me right out of college, he showed me a bunch of spec work for various handguns.
Both sides of the top of the closet. I’ve got short & long sleeve tees stored in the pink crates, scarves & swimsuits in the patterned ones, and warm socks & wallets/purse accessories in the white crates.
You slay the lion…
12pm-4pm: Sat at my desk, glued to my heating pad, hoping that the luck of the Irish would magically cure me.
Ah, once again, it seems, I’ve pissed off the Brits.
Example: Rutgers fan: “I seriously doubt Greg Schiano is going to take any offer from anyone until Joe Pa retires from Penn State, so all those coach-less programs should just forget about it.” You: “I am familiar with the works of Greg Schiano.”
And my heart will go on.
After that was Hopslam which instead of having a different base adds strength through honey.
And according to Psychology today:
And bestow upon me
because you will not play lmfao's "party rock anthem" on your iPhone.
Bio shops however, because there aren't that many bio beers, will have a selection from all over Germany. And from my experience bio brewers tend to be the very small, dedicated craftspeople that are associated with craft beers. My two favourite Kolsch and Alt styles are Hellers and Pinkus, both bio brewers. And these two splendid fellas from Neumarkter Lammsbräu made me kick myself for not trying them earlier...
We are hearing some alarming stories of families receiving demands for alleged over payments, despite having clearly indicated their child(ren)'s continuing home educated status on renewal applications.
Jason’s dad is a really accomplished craftsman when it comes to projects that involve wood. Just a few months ago, I sent him the photo below and asked if we (read: he) could do this. After emailing a few bloggers and getting some responses on the instructions for their cupcake towers, I sent Jason’s dad my revised dimensions (listed below), and he was able to craft our cupcake tower.
