My Will Middlebrooks experiment went well. So well that I parlayed him and Kyle Lohse into the struggling, but trending upward, Yovanni Gallardo. Fun to say, fun to play. I completed that trade less than an hour ago. In the empty spot I grabbed Addison Reed of the White Sox as a speculative closer, since their new closer, Chris Sale, had an MRI on his throwing elbow today. MRI + throwing elbow = trip to the DL.
Okay, could Ken technically be counted as one of Barbie's "accessories?" Well, I had Sport & Shave Ken, and he was right on. First of all, he was HANDSOMER, than blonde Ken, and he came with a special marker to draw a beard on his face, which you would then "shave" off with the little sponge razor. Good times! Not as good times as Barbie though. I think Barbie was married to Sport & Shave Ken for a little while, but then, tragically, she had an affair with G.I. Joe.
Grace of My Heart is a treasure trove of hidden gems for music fans who are hip to the music and the musicians of the eras it depicts. For example, towards the end of the film Denise uses her skill for crafting pop songs towards creating very personal ballads, much like Carole King did with her top selling record Tapestry, which inspired some of the songs. In her previous films, Anders used alternative rock (Gas Food Lodging) and hip-hop (Mi Vida Loca) as the soundtrack for stories about young women. While Grace of My Heart is about music from a bygone era, she had contemporary indie rockers team up with seasoned veterans. Gerry Goffin, the inspiration for Howard Caszatt, wrote a song with Los Lobos. Brill Building veteran Carole Bayer Sayer teamed up with Eurythmics guitarist Dave Stewart on a song. Easily the best collaboration on the film’s soundtrack saw Elvis Costello and Burt Bacharach pen the signature song “God Give Me Strength,” which went on to become more successful than the film itself.
"Now picture a special conference called by the farmers’ trade union to debate the proposals. Here is an extract from a union leader’s speech to the conference. He is railing against a duty, in the proposed legislation, to promote localised competition . . .
Regarding predestination and election, I don’t think any of us fully understand it. I don’t think we’re supposed to. The main thing to realize is that when Paul warned Christians about falling away, he was writing to Christians whom he considered the predestined elect. What Paul wrote applied to them, then, and applies to us today.
set the dough aside, covered.
A point of criticism for the media in general: these articles rarely say what it would mean to "close" the parks. I have a lot of respect for journalists who knock on politicians' doors and ask hard questions, and even saying that they asked but didn't get an answer would be an improvement for most of these articles (there's no discussion of what "closed" means in this one either.)
What is the most idiotic, is that this kind of players don’t seem to mind losing. A game is supposed to be about fun and about trying to win. There is no reason in playing a game if you don’t have the will to win.
Being powerless allows us to live our lives reacting to our circumstances, rather than accepting responsibility for our realities (that we control of our destinies). What’s really astounding, is how many people who seem to settle into the state of victimology, and buy-in to the belief that there is no hope.
With the official definitions in place, let’s play with them a little. I say that the sun revolves around the earth because it comes up over the horizon in a similar position each morning and disappears over the opposite horizon each evening. Since there appears to be only one sun, it has to move position to the opposite horizon and come up the following morning, therefore, the sun revolves around the earth. I have used completely incorrect information to show the application of logic can display a wrong proposition.
Lord Phillips' speech, at the University of Hertfordshire, in support of the Human Rights Act, is a classic of sloppy, illogical thinking. “Control orders” were an attempt by the government to contain foreign terror suspects after the Law Lords ruled detention without trial was illegal under the Human Rights Act.
This bit on style reminds me of Milton Glaser (“I don’t trust style.” and “The model for personal development is antithetical to the model for professional success.”):
2 Garlic cloves, peeled
Pontifications would get small notice in the press and yet no ultimatum.
Crock pot:
Hand Sanitizer
Cannot wait for school to end. Stay tuned next week for the final Baking Competition results.
Yes there may have been people in the BNP who have done bad things, but there are people in the Catholic Church who have done bad things, too. Very bad things indeed. Surely you would not tar us all with the same brush? That doesn't sound very Christian to me.
They fled from the tomb, afraid.
I cannot wait to build up my crafty collection....
Unless this guy has a twin.....it was him....
What about life makes you feel like hiding? Is it consistent pressure, unrelenting demand? Is it fear?
5. Julie-Anne
First off, OMG THE TITLE RHYMES. That shouldn’t make me nearly this happy, but it does. As always, full spoilers of this episode to follow.
The blast of bombs spread far and wide
The food was fine and we enjoyed our meal, but the value for the price wasn’t what I would rate high for going back. I would rather try Alaturka or some other places if we go back to Bussora Street.
B) It was aimed at a website, for heavens’ sakes. A website isn’t a sentient being, it isn’t going to spend sleepless nights crying for hours because someone called it a nasty name, and it doesn’t need other people to get offended on its behalf.
With too many quality moments to capture here, it’s safe to say that this film will be somewhere in the record books with box-office numbers. For years, few thought that this movie would ever happen. Not a fan of post-converted 3D creations so I opted for two-and-a-half hours of 2D CGI. It looked just fine. Believe it…The Avengers are finally here. This will be a tough act to follow for the sequel.
Two days later it was very obviously the elephant in the room, so he finally asked.
Now, I absolutely love dumplings. And these prawn dumplings were amazing! They were $6.50 for five of them. Each had 1 or 2 prawns inside and lots of other delicious ingredients. At first I thought they wouldn’t be enough to fill me up, but by the time I finished, I was stuffed! Lok Lok serves them to you in bamboo steamers, and you can choose your own sauces. I would definitely recommend the visit. Will be going again to try the noodle soup!!
I’m lucky to have gained a greenhouse when we moved in next to which I’ve built three raised beds which form the main part of my plot at home. At this time of year it’s invaluable to grow on seedlings and take pressure off the indoor windowsills which can get a little crowded.
Bake 38-45 minutes at 375 degrees until cheesecake is set.
So I embraced my baseball cards (not literally, that would be weird) and began sorting and staring and pawing and trading and annoying my wife. And, with the trading, I began new friendships. I have met some seemingly great bloggers and, heck, one day it wouldn't even be so bad to meet some of you.
Now lets just take the silver of the necklace and the placement of the locket itself. Silver is the highest vibration of earth energy there is, so her locket is all about enhancing the energies in relationship to her life. Of course, the locket is just above the high heart, your spiritual passion center (not your ego passion… that alone is an oxymoron!!) So this locket takes the energy of the spiritual passion living within each of us. (It’s only the left brain that thinks it needs to know what our passion is before we breathe it, the right side knows that’s a fallacy.)
I am so behind on updating this blog I simply can't believe it and I'm so sorry to my loyal and beloved readers. What a time this is! Gardening in intense heat (100 degrees today with a heat index of over 100!), welcoming new little Penny, the sweet pug who came from the rescue with a heart-breaking story. Left outside for a year her eyes were crusted over leaving her 90 percent blind, she had no hair, her skin a red mess of infection and worse, and bleeding and crystals in her urine. She was also from a puppy mill and is so tiny that at 9 years old she is only 14 pounds, very small for a pug. She sleeps on the arm of my over-sized chair or tucked in the crook of my arm. I am so in love with her I just can't tell you. And since she came 2 weeks ago there's been a lot of settling in since she has to follow a regimen of several medications, eye drops, and supplements for the rest of her life. We are now in the swing of things and her two pug brothers from the same rescue think she's been here forever now. I have to carry her out into the yard to go potty but she will trot around the yard like a little trooper. When she wanders too far afield in our big fenced yard I call to her and clap my hands and she runs right to me if in a wiggly crookedy line, her tail wagging all the way. It will never cease to amaze me how these terribly neglected and abused little animals can be so full of love. She is just the sweetest cuddly girl, and I have been doing reiki on her which she is responding to beautifully. So it's been a very busy time.
The statement urged both governments to ease visa restrictions, especially for the business community and simply let the people meet, as “the single greatest step the governments can take, that will have the greatest impact in all areas of concern”.
Love this sign . . . bought from The Porch and Atelier a quaint little shop where I also sell my jewelry.
LinkedIn is a social media application that every accounting and business student should join and use. LinkedIn is a database of 90,000,000 business professionals that enables each to connect and interact with their business associates.
Midnight Train To Georgia - Joan Osborne (Gladys Night and the Pips)
Recently I received an email from them asking ME to share MY studio
A recently discovered cache of letters seen by the Telegraph absolves Sir Cosmo and Lady Duff Gordon of bribery and cowardice
But then the landlord has the nerve to complain to me about the state of the place? Umm… what?
the light changes every minute. with it, the temperature.
To get everything ready I picked out my paint colors and got everything painted. Thanks to Lisa's advice that the plates won't actually sit right next to each other I made sure and got a good coat of paint on top of the table. The paint color matches the magnet board I made for their room and coordinates well with the other colors in there (I promise we're finally getting close to their room being done so hopefully I'll have a full reveal SOON!).
The best part was that everything that night was FREE. I highly recommend you attend this event with some friends for some free booze and some education about single malt scotch. Below are some thumbnails of all the pictures we took that night.
The Eurozone countries have just pleddged to limit their annual deficits to 3.5% - (don't hold your breath waiting for that to happen.)
The East, We, too, have sold parts of our soul to the devil.
Leo could have been talking about a number of other statements in the Bible (e.g., Nm 11:7; 1Sm 28:14; Ez 1:5; 8:2; Dn 8:15; 10:6; Jl 2:4; Am 5:8; Mt 16:3; 28:3; Mk 8:24; Lk 12:56; Ap 4:1; 15:2).
Sorry for not posting as often but the little bunny inside my belly is giving me a hard time!
Burley Man is an original play written by James David Patterson.
Tuesday seemed a little easier until I got a "I need to talk to you" email from Brandy. Actually listening to her was extremely difficult because I was trying so hard not to cry the entire time. She wanted to make me aware of how difficult it was to approve my working from home while I was on bed rest. It was just so difficult and even after I was on bed rest, so many people got involved and it was just a big mess. Just to let me know, for future reference, if/when I get pregnant again, working from home will not be approved. Also, when I get pregnant again, and of course she understands my reasons for wanting to wait to tell but, I have to find a way to let her know I am. That way, in case there are BSL-3 viruses (the kind you don't work with when you're pregnant) that need to be screened, she can do them so we don't get behind, especially when they're for shipments. Not that it's happened before, mind you, but for future reference.
*I used chilli oil AFTER the dish was cooked because two small boys were going to eat it and I didn't want to put them off. The chilli is v important as it really lifts the dish - so give yourself a nice drizzle and enjoy it!!!
If you watch a lot of silent films like I do, you become very sensitive to a bad score. Bootleg or just cheaply distributed silents often have generic scores that are wallpapered over the visuals to pitiful effect. Even more thoughtful scores can go wrong and do great damage—imagine a silent comedy scored with grim music, or worse, the reverse: a grim scene scored up-tempo. It happens. In Birth of a Nation’s case, the problem is a little different. To compose a score sympathetic to it—that is, one suitably brassy and triumphant, or ominous as befits the director’s intent and the fear and indignation of the white characters—is to make the images even more obnoxious. And that dissonance between what’s onscreen and how audiences react to it is most of the reason why viewing Birth of a Nation today is so unsettling.
Nicki went to meet and greet the crowd and spent a lot of time chatting and posing for photos.
Normally, I prefer to wear a balcony style bra and stay away from the Plunge style as I think it can often be ill fitting on larger breasts. However, this bra seems to work just fine for me. There is even a foamy ledge at the bottom of each cup to lift, which I think gives the good shape, rather than allowing the boobs to sort of flop together and downwards, if that makes sense. The top itself has a small 3 bar strap fastening at the back at the top, and as you can see, has a lace panel overlay at the front. It is quite tight to get on, I have to sort of wriggle it on, (its best to apply your make up after putting it on!), but that means when it is on it is fitted as you can see, and does a really good job of pulling in the waist and flattening the tummy. Although it has a shiny finish, which may I add is possibly the only negative, it doesn't ride up and clings to the hips under clothing. I adore this and wash it and wear it repeatedly. It is also an extra warm layer for winter.
(MLB's Boston Red Sox are first on the ratings list and second on the household list. You're welcome, long-time friend, colleague and diehard Red Sox fan Scott Fybush at NorthEast Radio Watch.)
it was this second life, by the open window
Your word is given
3) The way Her Majesty pronounces the "sw" sound as "schw." As in, "Can we go schwimming?" And, "Where's my schweater?" And, best of all, "Mama! Let's go schwing!" Which always makes me think of Wayne and Garth.
Few finely sliced onion
We have become familiar, for instance, with the practice whereby we must now pay for planning applications. I think it would come as a surprise, though, to anyone not familiar with the system that you can find yourself having to pay anything from £150 for a garden shed to £250,000 for a large housing estate.
Happens to your eyes
More about Katherine:
This is my preferred method for coloring images. I also prefer baby oil to gamsol. Gamsol is alcohol based and can tear the paper if you over work the paper. The baby oil emulsifies the colored pencils and makes it possible for you to go back over time and time again to build rich layers. I have not had any trouble using gel pens over them either.
Sorry, no pictures!
Defining the self by bodily limits comes into question in a very simple experiment often performed in Psych 101 classes around the country. A person is asked to sit at a table with one hand above the table and one hand below it. On the table is a rubber hand, placed where the person’s real hand would have been. The subject’s hand under the table is stroked with a feather while the rubber hand above is being stroked. The subjects are confused about which hand is real. They feel the tickle of the feather in the rubber hand and sometimes try to pull it away, perceiving the rubber hand as the real hand. When the fingers of the rubber hand are bent backward, these individuals fear pain and withdraw the real hand.
hidden, missing in action, a fraction of a second from being
youth
Because ordinary people read them. People who did not go to Oxbridge and do not live in Islington. The sort of ordinary people the Oxbridge Islington wankers look down on. The sort of ordinary people the Oxbridge Islington wankers make increasingly crass TV shows for. They wouldn’t be caught dead watching the TV programmes they make because they think they are better than that.
NetIi Pot – If you have not tried one of these, it may seem weird at first, but once you get used to it, it will become normal. My two oldest will go use the neti pot on their own. We just put a pinch of natural salt in warm water, The irrigation of your nasal cavities really helps to get everything cleared out.
It's a very clever concept that has helped me a lot since i realized it.
Best young player – Francisco Castro
A musician acquaintance of mine randomly called me a few days ago to ask if I would be interested in singing some opera/choir type music for Diam's, a female French rap artist. Not knowing who Diam's is, I said "yeah sure...I'm no opera singer but I can certainly fake it." :)
Milk was not on the agenda and was sprung on us by a well meaning parent (do-gooder) concerned that those children whose parents receive benefits and therefore get free school milk can only get plain milk not 1 of the 3 flavoured milks that are an option and so are they not then being labelled as 'poor'. The discussion went round and around, maybe we could take it in turns to pay the extra, maybe they should all have plain milk, maybe the milk cartons were too big anyway and they should have smaller cartons...we just sat there mute, rolling our eyes at each other, desperate to leave.
White 436 (43.7%)
Photography is not a "build it and they will come" business.
Once upon a time, there was a king who was very wicked. He and his men were so corrupted that the entire country and its people became poorer with every year of his rule. He was not the legitimate ruler, but had seized it from his predecessor by force.
Ooh la la...
"There is a passage in Matthew where Jesus speaks about two children. One who agrees readily to do a task, but then does nothing. And another who refuses initially but, later, thinking better of it, does what he's asked to do. And Jesus asks the disciples which child is heaven bound. When the disciples guess wrongly that it would be the dutiful child, Jesus says "you will never understand what heaven means". This is a jarring parable because it seems at face value as if Jesus is condoning slackers everywhere and encouraging us all to quickly make promises we have no intention of keeping. Several months ago, I was driving and talking on the phone to Beth about it and she said "well I think it has something to do with having a willing heart". I literally pulled off the road, because in a flash I felt I had caught the meaning. What Jesus is saying is that, no matter how you might try to do "the right thing" to "live a virtuous life" try as you might, and we all do, you are bound to fail. Your success or failure in accomplishing the deed is all relative. Only the willingness to try, is what has any meaning for God. Karla stumbled, and struggled more than most, and she fought with a neurological adversary that had taken up residence inside her own head. But whatever she did. Whatever the outcome, however she might fail to deliver. Her intentions at the outset were pure, optimistic, and full of hope.
TechLearning has aligned its app reviews with core standards for grades 9-12. Each app includes a very brief description including price and basic idea of the software, but there's no apparent personal review. Has anyone involved in the list actually used any of these apps?
You can now purchase a VFE Custom Shop Pedal with original Klaus Kroak graphics. There are currently 3 designs available that can be adapted to suit your selected effects configuration, and there are plenty to chose from.
I write all summer. I refuse to teach summer school so I can write, write, write. I start to feel panicky by the end of the first week of summer that I’m not going to get enough written. Then I settle down and get into a routine of writing, biking, and doing other summer stuff in between.
“The necklace?” I said.
There’s so much wrong with the show that it’d take too long to explain, but let’s focus on a few issues.
As most of you know the Big Boss was the father to "The Boss"...
Thanks to all those who joined us last week for our Christmas in August Challenge - well impressed with how many of you are tackling them already! Our DT have chosen the following as our Top 3:
I recently watched a show about various cultures who may have the ability to time travel. After watching it, I started thinking about my own life and various ‘disappointing’ times in my life. I’ve also seen many fictional movies and series about time travel, all of which warn about the possible dangers of changing too much of the past therefore, altering the present or even the future with disastrous consequences. But if we want to time travel isn’t at least part of the reason so we can change certain issues?
As a savvy Club member, you can recognize the value of buying Cheerios® cereal at your local Costco, Sam´s Club or BJ´s. While buying Cheerios at Club is already easy and affordable, new 2 box Cheerios packaging format makes Cheerios an even better purchase! You can cheer on the value by purchasing the new 2 box Cheerios packages in Club!
I know someone who was a ‘reader’ for Penguin Books. He was given a translation of a Japanese novel which Penguin had been offered. After reading it with growing excitement, his report to Penguin said that it was the most brilliant novel he had ever read and they would be mad not to publish it.
Saying that the war on terror is over without the enemy surrendering means YOU have given up. YOU have surrendered. This is worse than Bush saying "Mission Accomplished" when it had barely begun. At least he, goofball though he was, was declaring victory prematurely. You assclowns are unable to do even that. You just want it all to go away, the war you swore you were gonna end when you were elected and are still fighting 4 years later. Dude, we EXPECT broken promises and lies from you. You've made an entire administration out of them. But this blatantly disrespects the thousands of American and Allied troops who have died in this war.
The phone book is another place where you might find a discount coupon. And you can do a simple search online to see if there are any current coupons for your favorite restaurants. Just search by restaurant name and “coupon,” “discount” or “promo code.”
Where's the baby?? There she is!! Peek-a-boo play is a great way to teach cause and effect, and also Piaget's concept of object permanence! We use scarves a lot in the Village class. It makes for fun play and is also very soothing and comforting to the little ones. It just NEVER gets old to hide under a scarf and then PEEK-A-BOO out! Have you noticed HOW MANY times your child can repeat this simple activity and NEVER lose the enthusiasm? Oh, to be young again! :)
Naturalists get their kicks in interesting ways. Turns out the Nature Center staff was amusing themselves by blowing up the dry ice that comes in every shipment of rats for the raptors. Pete explained it all very matter-of-factly and I got the distinct impression it wasn't the first time the staff has enjoyed a late afternoon explosion.
Furthermore, Revelation 14:9-11 provides a stern warning to people who receive the Mark of the Beast. Those who receive the Mark of the Beast will be punished severely for eternity.
5. Citizens Inheritance
To get
If you're a quilter or seamstress, I'm sure you've heard of Sulky® for their great thread selections and huge assortment of stabilizers for machine embroidery. Eric gave each one of us a folder containing flyers and samples of all the types and sizes of thread (including a huge color chart!).
This is the one I am most excited to read. It's set in 1830 and is about a minister and his wife settling in the Hebrides. Neil is evangelical and hopes to fight the pagan ways of the islanders, whilst Lizzie just wants an adventure. But soon their marriage is in trouble and there are rumours of hauntings on the cliff-tops. This book is supposed to have a Wuthering Heights-esque atmosphere, one of the main reasons I can't wait to read it.
In the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, the surest sign that an American city had “arrived” and become truly important, was the construction of a “grand hotel,” a place impressive and luxurious enough to house visiting heads of state and international celebrities, where balls and political events would be held, where the accommodations, fixtures, and food were more lavish and exotic than were common in the area.
CTMH "God Bless You" stamp set.
I saw this at a very low price on amazon (I think 0.99 or something like that) and I. Couldn't. Resist. Lately I've been enjoying mythological YA themed books, so of course I couldn't let this pass. And the first book I read by Maria V. Snyder was Touch of Power and I immediately fell in love with her writing. Poison Study has been on my wishlist for a long time, and I couldn't wait to read something else by the author.
i have not stopped thinking about two things: laura, you are stronger than you think you are and cliff, you love your wife so well. one last thing...you love ava as if she were your own and i have to cry as i think about the love and concern you have for our little girl...when you do not have to love her half the amount that you do. i hope to show you both and little keller the same kind of love you shower on little aves.
A stunning work that evokes an era with startling accuracy, and for a novel with so much darkness, it has moments of deep heart wrenching compassion.
About the Sock Fairy (aka my disgusting husband) leaving dirty socks on the floor, not unlike Hansel and Gretel leaving a bread crumb trail to make it home.....minus the fact that bread doesn't smell like rancid cave-aged cheese that's been fermenting in cotton for hours on end.
“What the hell was that?” demanded the blond man who put his cards face down on the table.
‘No… g… god?’ The archbishop was – to say the least – shocked.
Just wanted to say a quick "hello!" and give you all an update on Jude.
Fantasy is huge right now, particularly for young adult readers. I don’t have the numbers, but I am sure that every week dozens of new fantasy novels are released. Probably 90 to 95 percent of the novels are written by white authors about white characters. These books may have black and other “minority” secondary characters, or they may have none at all. (Side note: Those books always seemed kind of strange to me. I always wondered where these authors lived that the world that they saw only came in one shade. )
You're not good enough.
Enough about my life in mommy land...this is a post about what Paris and GW have in common! You must be thinking that this is quite a stretch. What could she possibly mean? Paris is so lovely! ...And the Goodwill is so...thrifty...??? I don't get it.
This incident is currently under review by Parkland authorities.
Located at 37 Main Street in DUMBO, Brooklyn, NYC The POWERHOUSE ARENA is an exhibition space, boutique bookstore and event space. A singular and utterly unique space, the Arena’s versatility is unmatched by any other in New York City, with floor views of the East River waterfront set against the breathtaking backdrop of the Brooklyn Bridge, Empire-Fulton Ferry Warehouse, and the stately Manhattan Bridge.
Yet another busy week leads to another week of blog neglect. I will try to make up for it this weekend. One of the things that I intended to do when I relaunched the blog back in November was to try and make sure to give thanks for trades in group form. I have done quite poorly at this so far with only one trade post. Well here is my second. I would love to thank everyone individually, but I tried that before and I won't do it for two reasons. One, I am too busy and two, I don't want my blog to be nothing but trade posts either which is what it was turning into last spring. But I am still thankful to each and every trade partner I have, so let's take a look at some of the stuff I have picked up via trade over the last month.
As students, the teenage Browns moved to the best inner city -
It’s the Cotter Trout Festival again this weekend and we are going to be adding to the fun with some special Festival Bargains.
Thanks for viewing!
We all know that crap is king
Makita Strength Tools can be a leading brand name of potential tools and it is known with regard to their high-end together with reliable equipment for industrial cutting, drilling, planing, mud extraction and otherequipment must have. The brand is in addition a top manufacturer involving cordless equipment in case you want even more portability making use of their tools.Ridgid…
Speaking of TV, I'm watching NCIS. Gotta love solving murders and chemical weapon mysteries. Yup.
Ibrahim had also called on the government to ignore demands made by the MCA and Gerakan as punishment for their failure to attract Chinese voters.
Ten different stores before we’ve
Do thou listen to me as I tell thee what those sacred Tirthas are that are situated on the earth also. Even as especial attributes that inhere to the body have been said to be sacred, there are particular spots on earth as well, and particular waters, that are regarded as sacred. By reciting the names of the Tirthas, by performing ablutions there, and by offering oblations to the Pitris in those places, one’s sins are washed off.
I appreciate your very kind words to my last post.
The Zombie War came unthinkably close to eradicating humanity. Max Brooks, driven by the urgency of preserving the acid-etched first-hand experiences of the survivors from those apocalyptic years, traveled across the United States of America and throughout the world, from decimated cities that once teemed with upwards of thirty million souls to the most remote and inhospitable areas of the planet. He recorded the testimony of men, women, and sometimes children who came face-to-face with the living, or at least the undead, hell of that dreadful time. World War Z is the result. Never before have we had access to a document that so powerfully conveys the depth of fear and horror, and also the ineradicable spirit of resistance, that gripped human society through the plague years.
"Only that one," the tree answered. "I heard it on the happiest evening of my life, but I did not know then how happy I was."
It’s starting to look like Easter in my living room! I’ve still got the pink gerber daisys with the yellow ? behind them, the yellow tulips with purple heather and a tall white flower and now I have purple tulips with some sort of leafy branch. Bringing spring inside!
DW: Okay. But that’s public domain.
- I haven’t get used to having make-up on my face yet. Or maybe I didn’t do it properly. I don’t know. I wore it very lightly, even Nhung had to take time to spot what I did, but I have the feeling it’s too harsh on my face. At the same time, there’s something missing also.
Yes, I had a very intensive experience which I never had before and will ever forget. This year, my dad died because of cancer. In the night before his funeral I suddenly felt his presence. We start to have a conversation in mind, maybe around twenty minutes and said goodbye. The next day I wanted to tell my sister carefully about my experience, but as soon I said “I have to tell you something..” she looked at me and said: “It happened to me too.” Whenever I tell people about my experience I see into wondered eyes or some that say: Yes, that might happen when we leave.
My favorite series of Karen Kingsbury's is the Redemption, Firstborn and Sunrise Series! As I was reading these books, I literally felt as if I was a part of the Baxter family! They are a wonderful family who deal with problems that we sometimes face in our lives. Redemption is the 1st book in the Redemption Series and it was co written by Gary Smalley. It is a "must read"!
21) Cincinnati Bengals: OT/OG Cordy Glenn
Church this morning was pretty alright. Pastor said some tough things, but it was truth and people need to hear the truth. We’re starting a series on James, which is one of my favorite books. Today though, we just did an overview of the book and looked at what a mature Christian looks like…I am not really mature in some areas. God definitely revealed some things that need to be prayed over and a lot of things that need to be worked on.
Gum, candy, and any other contraband that’s against the rules always taste sweeter
we call mom
Which means those books won't sell, so less of those books get published etc etc.
1. Top priority – Ice Block. Not strictly arcane I know but an important part of my repertoire. It’s a special family that calls for this to be number one in the rotation. It’s usually my last “oh crap” button in PvE but in a party where every compliment is just a softening blow for the deadly follow up stomach punch it’s needed early on. Example, “God you’ve lost so much weight, you looked really dreadful before, we all thought so, you were so puffy we thought you were the marshmallow man from the end of Ghostbusters etc.” Followed by “You must keep it off, you look great….you’re not having a dessert are you?” etc.
And it's not always so black and white and easy breezy lemon squeezy. I remember when Elvis Presley couldn't be shown on television except for his head because he gyrated his hips. Now when you see those old videos, he just looks like he's swinging his knees all around. At least, that's what it looks like to me. But then I never could figure out what all went on in "Suddenly Last Summer". My point is, even with things that seem terrible and sinful, times do change. Hence the phrase "a well turned ankle."
Women fought over suitors, insults, over wearing similar dresses, almost anything. A duel was fought in Georgia by two women both enamoured of the same young man. He saw one of his sweethearts die, run through the heart, and in accordance with the young women's wishes, married the victor that very same day.
"Oh, I'm so sorry." I said embarrassingly as I took off my shoe.
I was to have been dancing today, at the Ram Inn at Firle and in the village of Alfriston. But it was not to be. Some typical Bank Holiday weather (rain and high winds) put paid to Long Man's planned programme. So, after a consolatory pint of Harveys bitter, I trundled off home to watch Midsomer Murders. And, in an idle moment, started writing a modern sea shanty. As you do.
All of this to say…it was overwhelming to come to this site and to see masses of people—from all over India and around the world—flocking to filthy water that they hope will cleanse them from all their sin and sickness. As I looked across the river, I was gripped by the grace of Christ, whose blood alone can wash away sin, and I was overwhelmed by the need of those whose minds have been so blinded from seeing the salvation that only comes from Him.
so that’s 3 chances to win.
One coat of Milani-Rapid Cherry.
I watched a lecture once where a “ex-feminist” was saying that rather being a feminist and chauvinist first movement, it should human rights movement at whole as the whole idea is so misplaced. Since if you propagate human values then “everything” should come under rights and if someone wishes to be complacent in this approach then, morality in asking or telling what is “right” is certainly lost.
Suitable from 3-24 months
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Heat 2 tbsp butter in a large skillet. When butter has melted and stopped foaming, add the chicken and sauté 5-6 minutes on each side until golden brown. Transfer to a 7” x 11” baking dish. Add a bit of wine to the skillet and scrape up any carmelized juices on the bottom of the pan. Add the liquid to the baking dish. Brush the mushrooms to remove any dirt, slice (remove stems if using shiitakes), and toss with lemon juice. Add the butter to the skillet, stir in the shallots and sauté on medium heat for 2-3 minutes until softened. Add the mushrooms, increase to medium-high heat and sauté about 5 minutes until they begin to brown. Pour in the remaining wine and add the cream. Continue to cook 3-4 minutes, stirring often until the sauce reduces and thickens slightly. Mix in ½ c of the cheese and stir until melted. Pour the sauce over the chicken in the baking dish and sprinkle the remaining cheese on the top. Sprinkle lightly with chopped fresh thyme if desired.
An awesome movie that I think does Alexander justice is Alexander Revisited. It takes the audience on a three and a half hour journey through Alexander’s life and is done with wonderful respect of him. I found this movie at my local HMV. You shouldn’t have a problem finding it. Happy watching!
It was my first time hearing Spanish as a native language. I overheard so many conversations (I couldn’t understand any of it though!) and it pushed me deeper in this dream.
It’s my hope that those responsible for coming with up with yet another major blueprint will take heed for I am sure many fellow Malaysians share the same sentiments. Here goes:
One day in tears and prayer I was thinking about this. Trying to find some sort of heritage I could pass down from him to my son. I realized, I do have one thing. . . The one thing that was most important to my dad was his faith in God. And that is the one thing that I still have. The single most important thing that he could ever pass along to me, is the one that I have not lost, even through the craziness that was my life with my mother’s new husband, and living alone overseas, getting married and the age 18. . . Through all that God held me and kept me trusting Him. And that is the one thing that I can pass on to my son. Everything else would eventually pass away with time, but The words of God will last forever. And I know that, if my dad could have chosen one thing of his to be passed on through the generations, it would not have been his name, it would not have been his knowledge or his things, it would have been Scripture. It would have been the Word of God that he held so dear. And that is what I have.
And the eyes of the King’s Servants turned terribly every way,
Anyway, we were seated right away and I ordered the fish dinner and a fried cheese appetizer. In about five minutes the cheese was brought to our table. There were five small pieces and a small bowl of dipping sauce. The sauce was OK, standard fare. The cheese sticks the same way. Standard, nothing bad, nothing good, just average.
Full-page advertisers include:
The beauty of feeling like a failure really to me should be seen as a form of elightment. You know what needs to be done, and often that sense of awareness will lead you down the path you need to take.
All that broke my wilful attempts at telekinetic lock-picking was the glaring security light which suddenly came on from somewhere above me. Humiliating seemed to be the only fitting word to describe the scene. Here I was, standing in the pouring rain, wet through, nearly 11 o’clock, looking shaggy and dishevelled and to cap it off the almighty decided to put me under the spot light quite literally for all to see!
Image via the Smithsonian Photostream
Philosophy says “ We r responsible 4 our own dids.” If we accept this Bitter Truth, then we can only start our journey to reach The Top. Swami Vivekananda says “ We are The Creator of Our Own Destiny.” Development or Degradation lies in Our Own Hand. Let’s aware of that and let’s own our responsibility. Let’s march ahead…..to be The Super Power of The World.
Luck with you shall then be found,
My friend Lauren Cope came to visit me in France !! She stayed with me for 2 weeks and we had a grand old time. I showed her all around Bordeaux. It was fun being the tour guide and pretending I know a bunch of facts about this country. But in reality I just made up a lot of information. I think she caught on to me. It was also hilarious to witness the language barrier from an outside perspective, although I was also victim to that in Italy (you'll read about that later).
Synopsis: From Goodreads, "Vi knows the Rule: Girls don't walk with boys, and they never even think about kissing them. But no one makes Vi want to break the Rules more than Zenn...and since the Thinkers have chosen him as Vi's future match, how much trouble can one kiss cause? The Thinkers may have brainwashed the rest of the population, but Vi is determined to think for herself.
I love to cook and bake! Pinterest has really been a great place to find inspiration! From time to time I like to search the internet for something to try and that is how I came across this recipe.
While it’s nice that Henry is still excited about Siobhan carrying his twins, he still doesn’t seem to be paying attention to the other set he has, is he?
Category: Children
The Wylie Agency has launched an e-book imprint, Odyssey Editions, which will initially publish twenty titles of literature’s most influential authors exclusively through Amazon’s Kindle Store. This is potentially one of the most significant pieces of news this year in the publishing world, and perhaps for some time to come if Wylie continues to expand and utilize the availability of their authors' e-book rights. Andrew Wylie pulled no punches last month when he was interviewed by Harvard Magazine. In the interview he said that the time had come to circumvent publishers and monetize unassigned digital book rights.
Are you ready to get started on your own creation? Grab your card stock, stamps and ink and create a card, tag, scrapbook layout or any paper project - just remember to include the basic sketch in your design. We ask that you use at lease one WMS image on your submission.We reserve the right to remove entries that do not comply with the guidelines as it is not fair to the players who do. Including WMS images on your project adds to the creative inspiration we gain each week from your wonderful creations.
“A Sexy Birth is a birth where trust and love are the predominant emotions guiding you through the entire process. Most women and professionals in our cutlture do not view birth in such a positive way and so much of it, they believe, is just by chance or luck. Nothing could be further from the truth! “
(Clearwisdom.net) Shi Yeguang was a well known monk during the Tang Dynasty who lived in Jimen. He liked to study Buddhism when he was young, and became a monk. After ten years of studying Buddhism, he thought that his third eye was open and that he had a complete understanding of Buddhism. At that time, there was another monk named Huida, who had accumulated wealth but had very little knowledge of Buddhism. They praised each other and became close friends.
using the comments below.
Wonder how many flowers will it grow? Dozens I hope! Really looking forward to save more seeds, to share!
As much as I have tried to keep my munchkin away from the 'push' (computer) he is drawn to it like Oprah is to putting pictures of herself on the cover of O. He cannot resist. We play on PBS, we visit Memo, I try to keep it to educational hist, but I do admit to one desperate 20 minutes post toddler-noggin bash America's Funniest Home Video's baby compilation. Mr. Max thinks it's way funny when babies fall over.
Interview and video made by Milagros Lizarraga.
I found this advertisement board funny when I saw the Black Widow. Kepala dia besar..LOL
· The Way of Hiddenness
so far. On how much’ve
the MITM, his brother and sister agreed with the doctors that this was the best move possible for her. she is unplugged and unpoked and un-prodded and now actively dying.. as she said while i was there, is the end near?
Hang on, dear friend. Listen with your heart, and you'll hear Jill speak your name. Believe.
Info:
For example, Richard Ramos till this day denies that he had nothing to do with the fraud that took place building Mansions of Forest Glenn in Niagara Falls, Ontario — even though a half dozen condo unit owner testified against him. He proclaimed his innocence to them and to many other people — including myself.
And if I ever make a mistake (and I can't see how it could happen...but it never hurts to be prepared) I have one last failsafe mechanism in place: when I post the query, I also send the link to the author as it goes up.
I've layered some of Basic Grey's Sweet Threads Spring Tote patterned paper with some Bazzill cardstock to form my card. A Letterpress nesting circle die cut frames my image. Bits of Say It In Crystals rhinestone swirls are my only other embellishment.
Vivek Rao, a heart surgeon and recipient of the 40 under 40 awards program was quoted in the Globe as saying: “No amount of praise, or money, or obligation will get you out of bed in the morning. You’ve got to loe what you do.”
The first third of White is utterly heartbreaking as poor Karol deals with one soul-crushing injustice after another. In the second third, he rebuilds his life in Warsaw in an inspirational turn of events as he is employed as a bodyguard for a local criminal while cutting hair for his brother on the side. Karol is a quiet, unassuming guy. As a result, people, like his wife and the local crooks, underestimate him. They don’t realize just how clever he is and this is used to his advantage. Finally, the last third of the film is Karol’s payback on those who wronged him. In White, the traditional roles are reversed as Karol is the ingénue while Dominique is led by her sexual drive. Over the course of the film, we see him reassert his own identity while refusing to lose his optimism or romantic nature.
3. In the movie All Quiet on the Western Front, the Greek writing on the blackboard in the schoolroom is the beginning of Homer’s Odyssey: “Tell me, oh Muse, of that ingenious hero who traveled far and wide.”
July 13, 2011 – Texas EquuSearch, which assisted in the search for Caylee, sues Casey Anthony for the costs of the search.
Place in the fridge for about 1 hour
Hope you enjoy this one and I hope you are all having a wonderful and creative week!
Me too!!
We also know that the term ‘New World Order’ is as useful as the phrase ‘we are the 99%’, or the ‘Illuminati’ – (If you want to see something cool type Illuminati backwards in google search engine, the NSA’s website comes up) – We also know that the goal of the new age/order is to abolish all religion and usher in a one world religion; as well as one world currency, military, and government (UN). So, keeping this in mind, the study now proceeds in state that the view of “patriots” is that events are part of a giant jig-saw puzzle, and that it is their duty to put these pieces together.
"I know!”
MM: Jim, what is your earliest Rock memory, and why do you suppose it stuck with you through the years?
2: Yemen, it’s heaps expensive
I'm 19 weeks!!
to the work of redemption you began in Eden.
It's been thirty sleeps since I last kissed my youngest before settling her in for the night. That also makes thirty long days I have wandered around, seeing Piper in everything and everywhere. And tomorrow morning when I awaken it will be the thirtieth morning without seeing the blue of her lovely eyes seeking me out and finding reassurance or laughter or peace or truly, whatever my sweet girl needed from me for that day.
The rice is traditionally served on a platter and formed into a thick cake and cut into diamonds (see first picture for example). The rice will be firm enough to stick together and the pieces should be able to be served individually. Although this rice is completely delicious on its own, it is traditionally served with chili/onion sambal called lunu miris pictured below or any of the dishes listed below.
The magazine listed Minneapolis-St. Paul International the best of 22 major US hubs.
My favourite childhood memory is the night the power went out. Now I know that it's not that funny. My cousin was living in a trailer in our front yard and had everything thing on. We had all the family over and every light in the house was one, as well as all the tvs. We blew every fuse and had to have a new electric box replaced. It was fun because the card game everyone played continued in the dark in candlelight.
My efforts and my contribution to society.
Here's hoping all of your writing projects are going well!
Rotator cuff inflammation is no different to an inflammation affecting any other part of the body. The causes may differ slightly from shoulder to knee to ankle etc. but the symptoms remain the same.
Wait. (and please read to the end . . . otherwise you might be helplessly left depressed. :/ Plus the song is linked at the bottom.)
I particularly want to mention here again the two illuminating remarks Dr. Bob made about clergy and churches. His son quoted Dr. Bob’s statements to me personally. Bob’s son said: (1) Dr. Bob’s real beef was with “sky pilots”—a not uncommon, bit of sarcastic nomenclature pointed at some preachers of that day. (2) Dr. Bob was far more interested in the “message” than the “messenger”—an interesting pointer toward Dr. Bob’s avowed preference for Bible study, prayer, seeking God’s guidance, reading Christian literature, and using devotionals. And I believe these remarks help explain his supposed aversion to church and underscore his fervent involvement in Bible study, prayer, guidance, Christian literature, and using devotionals like The Upper Room, Daily Strength for Daily Needs, and My Utmost for His Highest. It may also explain his infrequent mention of his personal church life—despite the fact that he and Anne were charter members of the Presbyterian Church during A.A.’s founding years in Akron and until well after the Big Book was published.in 1939. Morevoer, both his kids told me personally and reported in their Children of the Healer that their dad took his kids to Sunday school regularly. Of course, Dr. Bob specifically recommended that early AAs attend a church of their own choice—something that simply was no part of Bill Wilson’s life..
7. Talk dirty to me. What kind of mop/vacuum/dust thingymabob do you use?
If you’re thinking about buying a new dog, there are a few things to remember before you make that decision. Currently, millions of dogs are euthanized in shelters every year, due in part to making the wrong decision on the type of dog to buy. Before you rush out to buy that new puppy, there are a few things to remember.
Me: "You're tilting your head. Does it not look good?"
P.S. Have an awesome organizing story to share? I am looking for projects that have made a positive impact to your life. Please send your story and photos to iheartorganizing@gmail.com and I would heart to feature them right here, on the blog!! Photos should be un-editted and a description of the project, including any costs, inspiration, and how it has changed your routine for the better is so helpful! Oh, and no worries my friends, we will NEVER judge "before" pictures because that just wouldn't be nice! Only love goes on at this blog!
So really, a gaming laptop has to have three key parts to live up to its name. It has to have a very fast “brain” or processor that is capable of handling complex processes. It needs RAM or random access memory so that the processor has lots of space to work with the data. Lastly, it needs a good graphics card to take the bulk of the graphics processing and not overwork the processor and memory. Remember these key things and you are on your way to getting the best gaming notebook out there. Again, read reviews and forums about gaming rigs. It should not take you more than an hour to feel confident when shopping around. The members of the gaming community are more than happy to share their knowledge and opinions about the newest rigs and technology so make full use of the info that they offer.
If you want more puree (gravy) add some milk and cook for 3 minutes.
I guess it is down to the viewer. I decided to watch one or two trailers and maybe some interviews prior to watching the movie. If I like it I will gladly discover more material about it or even watch the movie a second time without having to semi-watch it every time I watch TV. What I really don’t need is a teaser for a teaser for a trailer which really come to think of it is an announcement for an announcement for an announcement announcing a movie….that sounds pretty stupid to me!
B. You still own crap you know you shouldn’t.
This is an excellent point, although not at all straightforward. My answer is that I do not believe that it should be removed, but enhanced. There are two main points to consider in responding to this. The first of these, the extent to which young children are capable of making informed decisions about the education and medical treatment which they wish to receive, I have covered many times in the past. I wish today to look instead at the question of how we are to know what home educated children are actually choosing. We know of course that in some extreme cases, home educating parents do not respect the choices that their children make. One can hardly believe that Theresa Riggi’s children would choose to be hacked to death. What though of the run-of the-mill home educating family? How may we be sure that the children in such families are choosing what happens to them? Of course, we cannot really conduct a survey and so must be restricted to speculating and examining anecdotal evidence.
the mountain
Tonight’s post come to us courtesy of Uncle Drywall. He has been our resident dorky data collector since the beginning of this project (because he evidently has no job, but access to an endless supply of internets), and has a nearly finished roster of Outlaw Way Regional qualifiers. If you read through the explanation below, he explains why it’s not a perfect roster (while using the “MF” phrase as many times as possible), and why we still need your help to finalize it.
Moran
1/ A sitting government and the opposition supporting an illegal war with our troops coming home in body bags.
To go to?” the old man asked me.
If you think that Norwegian organizations are the only ones saying this you are in for a nasty surprise.
I have changed the name of my blog to "Fallin" for Firsties. I did my best to check the name out to make sure no body else has this name. I am new to blogging, so little did I know that I should have picked a shorter blog name. I like this one much better. I have been teaching for 18 years and I love teaching first grade.
And then the now-recognized-as-atomically-incredible Kitten With a Whip was a critical and financial flop that stopped writer-director Douglas Heyes’ film career in its tracks—afterwards he only worked in TV—and scared Ann-Margaret away from meatier roles until Carnal Knowledge, which maybe gave her the courage to return to Kitten With a Whip territory when she headlined Ken Russell’s Tommy.
It is the complete and best guide for living one’s life and seeking Allah’s pleasure The teachings of the Qur’an are universal, addressed to all people throughout the world regardless of their creed and color.
38. Let's Go Get Stoned -- Ray Charles
Before I can be king of my conscience
But I need to gift a lucky reader of Art Bead Scene with a prize today as well. I will give away one of the 'tales they tell' tulip pendants pictured above to a random comment on this post.
1. O.V. Wright - I'm Going Home (To Live With God)
Does that mean backstory is a no-no for middle grade novels?
an important thing to remember is that it is best to use a crêpe pan but to be honest, any fry pan will do. the advantage of a crêpe is that it is made from steel which conducts the proper heat and the sides are beveled which form the proper edge to help make the blintz leaves. i use a 8 1/4" pan (measured from side edge to side edge) to make these. if you are using a fry pan, try to use one which will form the exact size (a finished 7 1/2" crêpe).
One brave soul points his gun at me, I see his fingers tighten on the trigger and I’m gone, slipping away through the shouting men and barking dogs.
The key issue arising out of this diversity of contexts, which is of relevance to turning cooperative frameworks into long-term development processes, is that the solutions to benefit sharing have to begin with the actual needs of people. At the most basic level the ten states vary hugely in population terms, from over 60 million in each of Ethiopia and Egypt, to under 10 million in Rwanda, Burundi, and Eritrea. Half of the states have populations of over 20 million, ensuring that the development needs vary hugely in qualitative and quantitative terms.
How are your covers coming along…would you believe I have already received pictures of finished covers!…I am curious how yours will look ??
I did take quick photographs of things we have finished (I will take better ones later because these are not the world's best pics).
The session will be led by one of our friendly trainers and will be held online at 4.30pm on Wednesday 2nd May. It will last for about 30 minutes and is open to all teachers who have the Fronter learning platform in their school.
I had a commission from one of the ladies at work for a Birthday card for a two year old and the only stipulation was it had to have a fairy on it! Well that one was right up my alley but as it was for such a little one, I didn't want one of the sophisticated fairies I have and I found this beautiful little Sweet Pea stamp in my collection from Conie Fong.
The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts works with their community in Berkshire, Franklin, Hampden, and Hampshire Counties in western Massachusetts to reduce hunger and increase food security. Their 400 member agency programs include meal sites, food pantries, homeless shelters, childcare centers, and elder programs. Each year they distribute more than six million pounds of food to those agencies to help feed people in need. I'll let Sarah Gibbons, Communications Coordinator of the Food Bank of Western Massachusetts tell you more:
I'm overwhelmed by a memory of a feeling.
If you're a blogger:
Other Reviews:
“All right, friend,” he said. “Tell me what’s going on here.”
Then we walked towards the Japanese Embassy on Massachusetts.
Sonata Movement in G minor (1862)
MEN’S COLOGNE
Samson - Regina Spektor
I am weighed down this week by sadness for a friend who lost her 8 year old daughter to a chronic and ultimately fatal disorder that had plagued her from birth. It was particularly poignant for me because I have known this woman for years and my own 8 year old was due the same week as her girl. He has lived, so far, a pretty charmed and healthy life. Whenever I read of the difficulties this little girl was having all I could do was feel both thankful and a little guilty for my own good fortune.
He disagreed.
“A what?” I said.
Remember there were hunger riots in 33 countries at one point.
Are stamps important to you?
But the rest of the Mail interview with her ‘brother’ is vomit-inducing, a continuation of the Mother Theresa image spin – and the death of her husband is still unexplained. This seems odd, as a natural but tragic death could also add to her sympathy vote. And we still await the rationale for the DA’s AIDs denial, given her apartment is exclusively reserved for HIV+ women. The sanctimonious tone of the Mail article (“we have chosen not to reveal her name”) is also classic hypocritical Dacre bollocks: not only is there no reason at all now not to name her, I understand the family wouldn’t talk to the paper without a written legal assurance to that effect.
It’s at this point in the story that I feel we find ourselves. We are staring out at the wasteland called “My Graduate School Loan.” It’s the biggest amount we owe. It has the highest interest rate. When we pay – it feels like most money goes toward interest, and just a little leftover drivel hits the principle.
I remember hearing the sound of do it yourself music everywhere in the little town in the far west of Cornwall where I grew up back in the mid fifties. The skiffle craze reached every corner of this country. Most bands were awful, but a few skiffle groups spawned a host of stars. The Quarrymen in Liverpool became the Beatles. Two young lads from Newcastle came to London to enter a skiffle contest and never went back. Their names? Hank Marvin and Bruce welch of the Shadows.
This isn’t a movie to watch if you’ve never seen a Kevin Smith film before. If you have, it’s like watching a long string of inside jokes being told by familiar friends. If you’re a fan, chances are you’ve already seen this anyway… so what am I telling you for?
Which means that I didn’t get all grr about it and that is huge!
Tzara pours a clear limpid gold. I was careful to avoid any sediment, but really there was very little to be found. The mittelfrüh hops are very apparent in the aroma: the heady fermented grassiness of warm silage. The flavour is sweeter, though, making the most of the carapils malt to balance the green flavours with a bit of residual sweetness. And most importantly of all, the carbonation is light. Not cask-smooth, but far from being pale yellow burp-water. I think they've done a good job here, and are showing the joy of Kölsch much better than, say, bottled Früh does.
Because inmates cannot sign for deliveries, packages must be sent via U.S. Mail. While Amazon.com often sends packages via U.S. Mail, we also use UPS and FedEx. There is no way for customers to request a specific shipper. To avoid delivery problems, you might consider having the items shipped to you and then shipping them to the penitentiary via U.S. Mail.
Then she sent me a picture book manuscript called "Jenna, Jingle Dancer," which was eventually titled just "Jingle Dancer."
It’s marked with the makers name and a small symbol which I couldn’t really make out. So I searched for the makers name George Barnsley, Sheffield and soon realised that the symbol is a shoe. The hammer is from a do it yourself shoe repair kit.
Pour your batter into the baking dish and then spread the reserved chocolate sauce on top. I thought it was just going to blend all together but the sauce actually stayed on top as I spread it around. Again, if you are using coconut and peanuts, you would sprinkle the rest on top now.
39. Red, Red Wine -- UB40/Neil Diamond
Then I hear a whistling call. It may be someone whistling for their dog. Only it sounds like it might be in the garden, or just beyond the perimeter wall.
There are three primary forms of buy-sell agreements:
#2: Faith. It is the evidence of things hoped for, the assurance of what I can’t see. Faith resting in the Lords promises, and the choice to walk according to that belief and trust when I can’t see what is ahead. Faith means remaining steadfast, unmoved.
They don`t have words or language,
The endocrinologist prescribed them late Friday and I couldn't bring myself to go out and get them.
wrapped my arms around my head so tight
It is impossible to say why something so important has happened to one of these young men and not to the other. Their SAT scores may be identical. In fact the one whom the play leaves unmoved may have higher scores and better grades and better prospects to make the dean's list. The difference between them is immeasurable by any testing instrument, and has nothing to do with which one has studied harder for tomorrow's exam on Elizabethan drama. While most of us who work in education today have no language to account for this mystery, that does not mean the mystery does not exist?"
Papuan Legislative Council chairman Ruben Magai said that candidate registration would run from May 7 to 13, followed by a selection process from May 14 to 20.
"YOU LOOK TERRIFIC"
I get a lot of questions about my description of our roleplaying philosophy. I describe our roleplaying as “Organic RP,” which tends to raise a few eyebrows. Many people ask me, “What is ‘organic’ roleplaying?” Well, I’m in the process of putting together an Organic RP Guide / Handbook that will thoroughly answer that question, but until it’s ready for distribution, please consider the brief (and abridged) information about Organic RP, below.
Furthermore, it is not every day that you get a chance to sample the great Bush Prestige or the Deus, the latter described as the most heavenly drink among the Brut beers in the latest edition of Michael Jackson's The Great Beers of Belgium.
Surely soldiers as experienced as we are with pain, as seasoned as we are in taking unfamiliar and hostile territory, can find that impulse no matter how deeply it’s buried, and break the chain. Surely soldiers who have known the kind of combat we have, can carry that impulse to the surface, watch over it, and give it cover while it heals.
Few of us are completely self-sufficient. There are always going to be a few things that we cannot make for ourselves. If your personal preps are in order, consider investing your prep dollars in a new way: purchase barter items!
That there were about 7 billion different normals with more being born every day.
According to the Historic District report (2007) on the neighborhood, “The major invention of the Arbuckle firm was a machine that efficiently packed roasted and ground coffee — filling, weighing, sealing, and labeling the packages so that they could be efficiently shipped throughout the world and sold in small packages to consumers. The coffee was marketed under the name ‘Ariosa’ or ‘Arbuckle Ariosa.’ Arbuckle was the largest coffee roasting and shipping firm in North America.”
Note: I suggest you place your skillet on a baking sheet so it is easy to move in and out of the oven and will catch any spills if the gravy decides to bubble in the oven.
Now the immediacy of the experience has diminished
The logic here is easy, and the one and only save button will do good for both editing and creating. It first get the record from the NoteEditor, and then get the values from the NoteEditor, and then set the new value into the existing record, note that the field we using is similar with the model.
Wedding cakes are expensive, for the same reasons photography is expensive. My former roommate’s sister-in-law is making my wedding cake. She bakes cakes out of her home as a hobby and will slowly build it into a small business as her daughters get older. I told her what my budget was upfront and we talked about designs that would fit my budget. I chose a standard cake flavor, plain vanilla, and standard icing–nothing fancy. Overall, I think I saved over $300 by not using a professional bakery.
Dinner was amazing. Miha and Miyako ordered the food for everyone at the yakitoriya. We all just shared little orders of yakitori that they kept delivering to our table – which was a perfect way to sample lots of different kinds of food. We started with edamame (served cold here), a salad and some Japanese beer. Then, we moved on to some raw octopus in wasabi sauce (a little chewier than expected for raw seafood but delicious nonetheless), some pork and onion, bacon wrapped asparagus, bacon wrapped mushrooms (the long thin kind that look like sprouts), bacon wrapped hard-boiled quail eggs (apparently the Japanese like bacon just as much as we do), chicken wings, some type of chicken meat ball thing and finally a delicious concoction of eel, sauce and rice with some wasabi to top it off. Pretty much everything was served skewered on a stick in multiples (perfect for sharing). We ended the meal with something that my Japanese hosts couldn’t quite describe to me in English. The closest they could get was that it was a little nut-type thing found when you crack open the pit of a certain type of Japanese fruit. They cooked it up and served it yakitori-style on a stick like everything else. It was the size of an almond, soft in texture and had a slightly nutty flavor to it. It is one of Miyako’s favorite treats.
I’m sure you’re wondering what all of this has to do with Sneaky dying. I guess it’s my way of saying that life is messy and complicated. Chickens die unexpectedly, and it’s upsetting. I don’t feel like I’m expressing things very well…. I’m just trying to say it is what it is, and I have no answers.
I used to hate it when I had a particular sergeant who used to pull my tickets as favors for friends of his or for people that he wanted to suck up to, and I'll be damned if I'm going to do that to my officers. If they wrote a ticket, that's their call and I wasn't there so I have no business second-guessing them. That's what court is for.
They have also released a DVD entitled "Nylon Allstaðar", which contained their smash hit TV show as well as other items.
Nokia Maps
When I first heard about Moloko Plus I thought I had heard that name before, but when I saw the bottle I then realized it is in reference to (at least I am assuming based on bottle and movie) A Clockwork Orange. The slang here means "milk" and is most likely a derivative of the Russian word for milk: молоко. Even though the "milk" they were drinking was chocked full of all kinds of narcotics in the movie.
I guess the point I'm getting to is that you never know the impact the "mundane" post you made yesterday might have on someone out there. A long not thought of memory of your grandmother canning spiced peaches perhaps. You never know.
I allowed myself my one binge and purge today. I ate a hamburger (bread, cheese, burger, lettuce, mayonnaise, ketchup-all except the lettuce are normally no-nos for me) and greasy French fries (a HUGE no-no on a regular basis). I ran to the bathroom in the back, turned on the fan and threw my brains up. No blood this time, but I’m not sure if that’s a good thing or not. I still regularly see blood in my vomit.
I’m not quite so optimistic. While I agree that current trends are unsustainable, I fear that the “optimistic” scenario is for governments to semi-stabilize their finances with both taxes and spending consuming about 50 percent of gross domestic product.
Stacy’s character works at “Perry’s Pizza” in the mall. Jennifer Jason Leigh herself worked at Perry’s Pizza prior to landing her role in the film.
Not sure where the Sticker came from
To cast divine arrows into her soul
One of my first quests was to find an independent cinema, and one of my first explorations in my big girl shoes was to a fantastic movie theatre called The ByTowne. This single screen playhouse has all the old-timey charm one could ask for; as they put it the ByTowne “is so old it might even be considered olde”. As it stands, this is currently my favourite place in Ottawa.
The yarn I chose is True Blood inspired and is Coulorphobia Sookie Sock Yarn in the Fangtastical and Loving It! colorway:
Ohhh, these pictures make me really want to get to this Welsh sideboard and refinish it!
Grubby eggs and the sweet bunny tag! We all know I love me some bunnies!
Note to self: Complete Etsy shop.
“In terms of absolute size, America imports almost $1 billion a day more than it exports from China every business day of the year.” That’s a massive outflow of our money and it is often for products that are lethal, ranging from adulterating vitamins and pharmaceuticals, food produced under unsanitary polluted conditions, and products that can burst into flame. This book should be read by every member of Congress, in the White House, and what is left of America’s industrial base. We must disengage from China before there is only a hollowed out America with millions of unemployed citizens.
Even though I walk about 2.6 miles per day, I miss more concentrated, skill-focused physical activity. I miss directing my body to do something, teaching it to do different things. I miss fighting, I miss feeling strong, fit and able. And yes, I miss feeling frustrated, but that’s just part of it.
The exchange — and another one in which Rick Santorum swapped jibes with Romney — marked in the opening moments of the second half of a weekend debate doubleheader in the run-up to next Tuesday’s New Hampshire primary. Read More…
… and the King married a Queen, a proud vain woman who longed to be the most beautiful woman in the Kingdom, and watched her budding step-daughter with calculating eyes…
So I presume that regional officers have already been asked by the NJC to organise these joint activist planning meeting with UNITE and where possible supportive GMB and teachers unions activists, and ensuring that we have a plan of action (Plan B!) if the offer from the employers does not match the needs of our members. Oh and in case the regional officers haven't been asked to organise these meetings we should encourage them, with motions from branches or do it ourselves in our towns and cities.
We’ve been making lots of things lately. I don’t know if it’s the time of the year, the weather, or having missed the pre-holiday making by being in India and getting ready to travel back home. Or maybe it’s all of it. But I think for us has been that now we are home with all of our tools and supplies and we are excited we can make things any time we want to!
book review blogs
Stone Brewing Co. Sublimely Self-Righteous Ale
Paul Crognale:
He also wants to know what Mouleff's status is and whether he is an asylum seeker.
Complete the following sentence: “A perfect wife is one who __________________________”
Once he was on the pavement his older brothers gave him hell.
If you manage to get out without a copy of Inception you have won.
TIP: Check out “Apps Gone Free” daily postings of paid apps that are free for a short period. This would only apply if you have your own iPad. School purchased iPads wouldn’t be able to accommodate such a quick purchase. Sometimes it’s just that day, sometimes for a few days, but a great way to save money. Many are games, but there are some other kinds of apps every now and again. Check our their website click here.
from her Friends Lacie, Scruffy and Stanley
More Job Opportunities
The dividing line is the testimony Paul had concerning Jesus Christ. He had been committed the gospel of the Grace of God as opposed to the gospel of the Kingdom. If one is not saved by grace he is not saved. This is proven in Romans 2:16.
"Overview
“How much time does it take to catch
The notion that complicated/difficult arts are superior to simple/easy arts, however, is an erroneous one. A simple line can be more graceful than an intricate figure. A simple photograph can be more tasteful than a complicated painting. A pop song can be more beautiful than an opera song, although it is easier to sing. Very often, things are beautiful because they are simple. Margin brings comfort. Pause creates mood. Simplicity reflexes elegance. Silence often expresses more. Too much is as bad as not enough. Simple does not mean artistically inferior. Easy does not mean less skillful. On the contrary, it takes much sophistication to achieve simplicity and easiness. Those who make arts simple and easy, in my opinion, are better artists than those who make arts complicated and difficult.
Wake Island
(Annie was so smart.)
What to say about Grace. She is a bit, shall we say temperamental? She is a combination of all the kids, funny,cute, rambunctious, adventurous, strong willed (more so than any of the others), with a bit of perfectionist thrown in. Perfectionist at 19 months you ask? Yes, watch her and you will see.
In my religious studies class we were looking at the work of MLK, Jr., specifically one of his sermons on “Loving your enemy”, at the time that Bin Laden was killed and I thought his words were rather appropriate for the present day.
Quick note about the book:
Otherwise... enjoy.
Boy we were moving up in life!
Mylo- Macrobiotics
We've got a lot of stuff happening at our restaurants for American Craft Beer Week, so let's get right to it!
News12 Reporter Heather Abraham recording her voice-overs outside the Old Stone House before the doors opened.
2. However, they do like the transparency that digital options offer versus the print platforms that previously were their primary options.
You can look for them later, together.)
Great creamy head on top and after a mouthful of this stuff a slight citrus twang is present. Goes down real good and smooth.Very filling....
That being said, there are some things that personally I don't like about the game. After playing White, and getting use to the menu system for it, the menu system for Heartgold and Soulsilver just seems... way less nice. And the ability to be able to look at a map with out getting the same call from your mother over and over again saying how she spent your money yet AGAIN (mental note, never let women touch my money).
I`m listening to Britney`s – Everytime and I swear I hear “AAAnd EEEVEERYY WAAAAY , HE`SSS FUUCKING ME ” where there actually says, according to the lyrics, ”I may have made it rain ,PLEASE FORGIVE MEEEE”
Next stamp is a brayer resist piece I did even longer ago and was not even blogging then. It is with Stamping Up Upsy Daisy stamp and used it for a sympathy card.
i know. i don’t play the piano.
Two reasons. First of all, do not expect the trendiest of the trendy from me, for I am now and have always been the last by whom the new is tried.
March 13 Rhythm Room, Phoenix AZ
burdens
To me writing has been like filling in the spaces, except I like filling in the spaces.
51. The MBEs - Joe Strummers Grave
Mario & Luigi – Partners in Time (DS)
Take us out, Mr. Burton!
This brings us to where we started with the discussion that Harold Macmillan referred to in his diary entry for January 20th 1955: "More discussion about the West Indian immigrants. A Bill is being drafted - but it's not an easy problem. P.M. thinks 'Keep England White' a good slogan!
Apparently satisfied with his stepson’s reaction, Mike held the door open for Damien and his mom to enter the terminal first. “After you, Damien Heston,” he said. “Our chariot awaits.”
I do not want to climb a mountain.
The day after.
I have been reborn. I am now 30 years old.
For a listing of the beers they serve see the link below:
Green and yellow are some of my favorite colors in the spring, and it doesn't get better than daffodils.
Paper: K&Company, PTI Dark Chocolate
The Bigios’ lawyers added that Coca-Cola has “stonewalled” the family since 1994, when the family first expressed its objections to the company’s purchase of ENBC.
For your paperwork you can use a variety of methods to file and organize these so that you can access all of your information readily. There are, of course, filing cabinets which is one of the best but if this is not suitable for you then get some lever arch type files or cardboard archive boxes. For the information that you need to refer to often, you can use plastic display folders.
Now it is important to note, amidst the to-and-fro of primary colour currently shaping our political landscape, that Blue Labourites are not the same as Red Tories, even whilst both are economically to the left and socially to the right. And the chief distinction between them comes down to the very thing that both movements have had greatest success in critiquing: the role, influence and make-up of the state.
Until next time …
Women my age began to have careers, but didn't change their expectations on how to run a household. At the end of the day, we collapsed in front of television and fell asleep. Oh yes, we told ourselves, we can do this! We only had to learn to be more organized, and better time managers. We began to shop in the frozen food department for quick meals; we picked up wash-and-wear-shirts for ease of ironing, and we gave up polishing the floors in high heels. (There is a famous set of commercials showing housewives mopping in high heels!)
The highest aspiration for a young Jewish man in Jesus’ day was to become a rabbi. To become rabbi, you needed to become a rabbi’s disciple. This was not easy. Prospective disciples applied to the rabbis they wished to follow. If the rabbi believed that the young man had the intelligence and the integrity to do what he did, he accepted the prospective disciple with the words, “follow me.” If he rejected the young man, he would encourage him to go home and ply the family trade. (For more on this, check out Rob Bell’s video “Dust” at http://nooma.com/nooma-dust-008-rob-bell.php )
We had two months where I swore I was pregnant; one I was almost 6 days late and then the dreaded period came :/ That heartache really weighed heavy on me.
That day's job was to collect two people to drive them to Orlando for the Cleveland-Orlando NBA final. They had tickets three rows up from the Cav's bench. Pretty big night.
downpour, accompanied by
I like reading about you and what you are up to.
Built on similar foundations but much simpler and with an altogether shorter scope, but nonetheless insightful, is the book by Toltec medicine man Don Miguel Ruiz: The Four Agreements (Amber-Allen Publishing).
3. Dancers who responded said they felt these particular partners put their partner's comfort, well-being and happiness before their own. It wasn't just about being well connected, but about feeling valued, important - and feeling treasured - as followers and leaders. Twelve readers used
Yep, replace the missionaries with the political pollsters, and that’s me – though female of course. Oh and almost all of my socks are striped or polka-dotted, not solid black or grey. Important point.
1 tsp red pepper flakes
B: I’ve tried to get Tom Waits to come. We’ve been in talks with him. Patti Smith is another person who’ve I’ve been speaking to. Steve Reich is another composer like Phillip Glass who I’m friends with who I think at some point we’ll probably bring. David Bryne is another one.
I was lucky enough to win the Newest Studio Calico line called Autumn Press from 2 Peas in a Bucket. I participated in their online social a few weeks ago and was lucky enough to win several goodies from this yet to be released line... you can see it here.. Studio Calico
Step 2: With right sides together stitch the pocket lining (the second piece of 22" X 3 1/2" rectangle) using the trim stitching line as your stitch guide. Stitch only the top trimmed edge and turn and press carefully. You now have your trimmed pocket.
11 forms
Gramercy Park – Very good
For those of us working for Eminent Institutes, work is very definitely a hindrance to blogging.
Secondly, dealing with Case C-446/09 where goods were already detained, the ECJ rejected the so-called manufacturing fiction, an approach which appears to have been applied for the first time by a Dutch court in 2004 and which consists in the treatment of non-EU goods in transit as though they had been manufactured in the Member State in which they are situated and are, accordingly, subject to the IP legislation in force in that Member State, regardless of whether those goods are destined for the EU market. Indeed, the court observed that, in the event that the competent authority finds infringement, goods are destroyed or abandoned and therefore operators concerned cannot suffer such dispossession or penalties on the sole basis of a risk of fraud or on the basis of the manufacturing fiction. Consequently, that authority cannot classify as ‘counterfeit’ and ‘pirated’ goods which a customs authority suspects of infringing an IP right applicable in the EU but in respect of which it is not proven that they are intended to be put on sale in the EU. According to the ECJ, the effectiveness of Regulation 1383/2003 is not compromised because the end of detention does not mean that customs have no more control over it since each stage of the suspensive procedure is monitored.
Why wait for Life to surprise us, maybe we should make some changes first.
Yes, I’m impatient, but also I know if I wait until after June, it will really be pushing the admissions process. And I also have a part-time job right now, Tuesdays and Thursdays, that needs to know whether I’ll be returning next school year (from glancing at the calendar it looks like classes are T/R as well).
He doesn’t quite succeed on either count. The backstory of the Green Lantern mythos is complex and doesn’t lend itself to easy summation. While he departs from comic book canon somewhat during the course of the film, it isn’t enough where he should be alienating the fans of the series much. The place where they have been kicking up a fuss is over the uniform of the Green Lantern, which is computer generated and to be quite honest, doesn’t look very realistic. This was a bit of a misfire.
It provides… just the right amount of pressure to perform…
All the Pats are doing is ensuring that the rest of the nation loathes them, and that other teams will stick it to them when they can. That probably won't be this season, but coaches, fans and players have very long memories when it comes to this sort of behavior. And so do GMs, owners, and front office personnel. Don't be surprised if next year or the year after that some team injures Tom Brady with a purposeful late hit. Or, GMs consistently refuse to make trades with the NE brass...or every road game in a down year (which will happen) turns into “how much can we embarrass the Patriots,” Essentially, Bellichick is threatening to create 20 years of paybacks with one season of a raised middle finger.
tin-topped feet find a merry, merry, dawdle
Asabiya. Tolerance is as implied. The only type of relations which can exist under APARTHEID is tolerance if not other forms of retaliation appropriate to the severity of the apartheid. APARTHEID lite is still apartheid and hence will never be accepted. Also only fools will tolerate APARTHEID. Anyone who has any self respect will fight to end apartehid not tolerate APARTHEID. Perhaps DPM Muddy will consider the UNHCR Article 1 and the Sin of Asabiya since all that wealth already means DPM Muddy only wants power. And power is best achieved by granting :
Rattles –The Witch. On Swedish Spark. Is this the same version as the Decca version?
Cotton or linen fabric printed with a leaf in green and black on a shelled background. Foundling 15387, a girl admitted 2 January 1760. The note reads: 'This child was born the XX December and Christien'd the XX Jan, by the name of Sarah Harbeson. She has had the Breast and tis humbly hop'd it will be continued as will not in all probability live without it.'
So, recently, Mike Leonard was printing this photo for a display at Bedford’s, and pointed out the flowers to me. I looked them up in Audubon’s Guide to North American Wildflowers on my iPhone. They are “Eastern Shootingstar.” I’d never taken a photo of them. But – they bloom from April to June, so a few days ago, I went back to see if they had bloomed again.
So when my water broke 4 weeks early, while I was preparing for a maternity photo shoot, I was a little surprised. Partially because it was early and partially because a substantial part of me was convinced that I would not get that far. Then again, I had been having a constant back ache for the last two days, and added pressure on my cervix so it wasn't a complete shock.
Through Kiva, you can loan as little as $25 to an entrepreneur in one of 60 countries. The entrepreneur will pay you back over time, which means that you can re-loan that $25 again and again. Your gifts are literally multiplied! How cool is that?
Otherwise – feel free to cruise around the site! You’ll see above our question submission and our team sign-up! Below in the bottom left corner is our contact (spotlight@eivtv.com). To your right we have our Twitter and Facebook feeds all hooked up – so please like and follow us so you can stay posted on all the great stuff we’ll be doing this semester!
Instead of run away, Junsu walk closer to that man with eyes glue to the cold one.
The Labour Party high command has been told that activists in east London believe Barking and Dagenham Council may well fall to the neo-fascist party in local elections next year.
Yet, we must put them through their paces. I do remember when I was still green, boy was it tough, they had me and Hector hired out to some boob who needed a deck scrubbing! Although admittedly if a little deck scrubbin’s all it takes to get free passage on his ships, I su’pose there really isn’t any point in complaining.
We have a ton of canned peaches from last summer so I think the next one I'm going to make is the Georgia Peach Pie!
Now for a country that is supposedly against the “rich”, as the media has droned on about, and the way being rich is used as a political football as class-warfare is the tool of the day, it seems a lot desire to be there, doesn’t it?
Father John Misty (aka Josh Tillman) is releasing his debut album entitled ‘Fear Fun’ today (May 01, 2012) via Sub Pop Records. The album is produced by himself and Jonathan Wilson, who recently released his own solo debut album ‘Gentle Spirit‘ via Bella Union.
YES: 95 Democrats and 174 Republicans
You may notice that the website (bocjournal.org) is no longer. For financial reasons I thought it best not to renew the account. The website has not been very active and the purposes for it may also be accomplished here on this blog without the same expense. It is better to get the journal going and when there is some readership to consider again a website.
5:30 PM Sew Him Up, Appearance by Beatriz Hausner
but I thank you if you can...)
The Twelfth Enchantment by David Liss (Ballantine Trade Paperback 05/29/2012) – Liss has penned quite a few novels of historical fiction, this seems to be the first one which is infused with bits of fantasy
I've also been re-arranging books, since we've had some new shelving and storage cabinetry built. And one thing has led to another so that I'm re-organizing considerably, filling box after box, bag after bag, de-cluttering to release some more living space here. It feels good!
The un-incarcerated half of The Mobb drops a new joint...
Tara is working tirelessly on a new e-commerce Website Jot Papers showcasing all of her work, so for those of your that are not local, her work will be available to you with a click of a finger.
Pop it in the fridge for 2 hours and then slice. Martha says to cut 24 brownies but I don't know how to get more than 16 out of a square pan.
His mother claims he is mentally unbalanced and needs to be in a psychiatric ward instead of a prison.
If you renting, now is the time to consider buying. As stated in the Wall Street Journal on November 26, Mortgages are now getting to be cheaper than rents.”Home prices and mortgage rates have fallen so far that the monthly cost of owning a home is more affordable than at any point in the past 15 years and is less expensive than renting…” Nick Timiraos.
There were kids dressed in traditional clothes with elaborate embroidery, gold details, and little red hats. And of course there were the always impressive Presidential Guards – men dressed in white uniforms with full skirts, white stalkings, and red shoes (the above photo show a detail of the shoes). These men guard the Greek Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Athens. Otherwise the guards are more ceremonial and mostly recognized for their unique uniforms that are actually based on the clothes worn by the klephts who fought the Ottoman occupation of Greece. (Klephts were people who lived in the mountains and countryside of Greece and often referred to as bandits. These people fought in the Greek War of Independence).
Sherry by Johnny Dowd
a recipe that comes from the deen brothers as a lightened up version of their famous mother's famous recipe strikes my interest right away. this soup does not disappoint. I am a girl that loves soup, not any old soup, but a thick, hearty, warms the soul type of soup. yes, this met my requirements. this is the same soup I made a few weeks ago and posted here on the blog without knowing the source. my mother-in-law knows her soups too. I just went to the grocery store tonight and found the italian turkey sausage I haven't been able to find yet. so I'll be making this one again, SOON.
What All Teachers Should Learn From Jazz-Band Teachers — This neuroscientist believes that schools could benefit from teaching all subjects much in the same way that good jazz educators teach. He makes a lot of great points, but here are two favorite quotes:
Special autumn beers are a newfound tradition for American craft brewers as well. I just had a six-pack of New Belgium Brewery’s Hoptober ale smuggled in for me. Man was that beer fantastic. It tastes like an ale version of a Marzenbier (which is a lager), amped up with tons of hops. The Bayou Teche Brewery should be working a little harder on our autumn celebratory beer – we are tweaking a recipe and plan on having it on tap for Arnaudville’s Oktoberfest next year. The beer is a Top-Secret, Manhattan-style Project and will be like nothing else out there.
7) Atheism thus requires, by default, the denial objective truth.
“Ok,” said Hermel. Bantum opened his eyes and asked Dr. Chickenhiemer, “How many fingers did he show you?” There was a depressing sounding “cluck”.
Makes 6 (1-1/3 cup) servings.
“If servicers fail to follow our short sale, guidelines then their STAR rating could be affected.”
Some of the protesters related their ordeal to Bersih at a press conference at a restaurant near the Chinese Assembly Hall here today.
The humanities often unwittingly present easy targets for critics. This book’s index features ‘The Beatles’, ‘Ulrich Beck’ and ‘Beethoven, Ludwig van’, because Storey considers high and low culture to have been shaken from the shelves, through the history of cultural studies, and its aforementioned little quakes. ‘Foucault’, ‘The Four Tops’ and ‘The Frankfurt School’ are only a page away, but Storey presents a fast-moving target to the enemy, explaining how discourses are saturated with power at every step, staying with that core, undeniable drive. He takes his subject seriously, describing how signifying practices such as melodrama and acid rock can reach outside their spaces of signification, for instance in a three night theatre run, and point to issues and debates outside that space. These are crucial things. To see how power both shapes meaning and shape-shifts through it is possibly one of the few guaranteed transferrable skills left. But then I would say that, wouldn’t I, and perhaps I should also point to myself pointing it out, in a review of a book on cultural studies and power, by a cultural studies lecturer.
10. Going Down Slow (Unknown) 3:50
I've interviewed over one hundred filmmakers, actors, and comedians over the several years. I've never felt any type of stress, anxiety or intimidation in preparation. But when it came time to interview Henry Jaglom, I was a little apprehensive. I wasn't sure if I was smart enough to exist in Jaglom's universe. I'd soon find out. Here's exactly why I consider him to be one of the greatest filmmaker of our time.
“I do not know if Anwar is guilty or not. For me the issue is not important. The question is, is he the best candidate to run the country? If you are a good person, you are surely ‘clean’. But if you can’t run the country, you can’t, it’s that simple.”
I mean, what happens at the sides? Even if you installed built-ins, the built-ins would be awkward! Don't get me wrong, I think I'd relish the chance to furnish and decorate an A-frame house. But they are a real conundrum, much like this house!
I am not donating any money to the pressure group Invisible Children. There seems to be an amount of controversy over the group's finances "Last year, the organisation spent $8,676,614. Only 32% went to direct services, with much of the rest going to staff salaries, travel and transport, and film production.”
My goal for September is to beat the 45 points I made in August. Wish me luck.
Well once again we see free speech in America is a disappearing phenomenon. Miami Marlins baseball manager Ozzie Guillen remarked that he "loves Fidel Castro." For exercising his First Amendment rights, Guillen has been suspended for five games.
Nothing else really new going on around here. We're just continuing the same old summer stuff we've all been doing: Camp, Dance, & Work. I'm counting down the days til the end of August when W and I can get started on our new schedule. I'm part of a new local homeschool group and already started filling up my calendar with awesome trips and classes for the fall.
At the time of the Reformation, to stop unbridled, speculative, and fanciful interpretations of Scripture, the Reformers set forth the fundamental axiom that should govern all biblical interpretation. It is called the analogy of faith, which basically means that Holy Scripture is its own interpreter. In other words, we are to interpret Scripture according to Scripture. That is, the supreme arbiter in interpreting the meaning of a particular verse in Scripture is the overall teaching of the Bible.
As soon as one’s meditative visions become clear, where visioning would be like reviewing 10 megapixel photos and videos, s/he would be able to see Light Beings and Dark Beings as well. It would be hard for a starting seeker to determine if a Light Being that appears is a mere disguise of a Dark Master (which they can easily do), but that is resolved as one advances a bit.
As always the winner will be chosen using Random.org
The assault was headed by a long-term DeMarxist lesbian activist, whose own ‘marriage’ and subsequent divorce left their adopted twins with a broken home. This ‘expert’ on domesticity and the lives and perils of the American working mother is just another in a long line of DeMarxist over-reach, which has blown up in Obama’s lying face.
Lost in a sour hallucinogenic desert, three men fight their
What are your lasting memories of performing with Mephiskapheles?
Mom was the real fanatic. She was a caffeine fiend of the highest order, and would stop at nothing to get her fix. But it had to be brewed coffee, never espresso or anything like that. She was somewhat nonplussed when we took a family vacation to London. A true daughter of the American South, she had no use for tea unless it was A.) iced, and B.) sweet.
Sitting "Indian style"?! We know what that means---with legs crossed. If this time period is 1980, then, Ava thinking "Indian style" makes sense. In recent years, use of that term has diminished as teachers become more aware of stereotyping. But, did it need to be in here at all? What if the sentence was "I pictured Ossie sitting on the burgundy soft in her polka-dotted pajamas." Does that take away from anything? Maybe Russell is trying to get us to see Ava as a product of her time. There are definitely plenty of people who understand the mistreatment of American Indians in historical contexts and still play Indian at Halloween or birthday parties, or, at sports events where a mascot is a stereotyped Indian.
My decision to focus on this issue is not because I am a woman, its just a thought of the moment. I am not even intending to be negative by using phrases like men are dogs… or users or the worlds obscenities, no, and more so am not going to compromise saying how good they are.
When I make silly public grammar mistakes. I love grammar. I love to get it right, and it really irks me when I get it wrong.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Line 24 muffin tins with liners (note: this makes more than 24 cupcakes, but most people I know don't have an oven large enough to fit more than two 12 muffin tins so you may need to do this in batches).
100 g (3 oz) cream cheese (30% fat…yes indeed)
And be sure to visit your local book stand and pick up the new Southern Living magazine.
13. “Today, the message our forces have sent is clear — if you attack the United States, we will find you and bring you to justice.” – Former Vice President Dick Cheney (May 2011)
1 bottles
Icing sugar- 117 gms
So followers forgive me if I go over the top on the !!!!! but be thankful you are not listening to me as that can be so much worse!
diocese including region and size, the total numbers of allegations, and the total
Can I say I was speechless and still remain speechless? My heart dipped, then stalled, then started beating again. I read the email a second time and tears in my eyes welled up a little (as they are now again as I write this). I can’t put into words how I felt and am feeling. It was an unexpected kindness that was timelier than I can even explain. It made my Monday feel less than a typical “ugh, back to work” Monday. It made me feel “lightened” in some way. It was … unexpected. It is….amazing.
delightfully scrumptious
633 days may seem like a lot, but give it a shot -- I'm going to miss having my daily visit from Scheherazade, but now I have the fun of picking out my next DailyLit read.
A: To qualify as a digital replica, the original written text must be provided. Additional content such as audio and video can be included without impacting its qualification.
Other segments are diverting, with minor pleasures but nothing more substantial. The Coen brothers' decision to base their Tuileries around the face of Steve Buscemi is a brilliant comic choice, as the actor broadly mimes his reactions to a passionate French couple who include him in their tumultuous, violent way of teasing each other. Buscemi's bug-eyed mugging is always a pleasure to watch, and the Coens structure the sequence around his silent incomprehension of French, keeping the American actor silent while the French couple yells and chatters at him. The broad comedy of it works, and the aesthetics suggest that Buscemi's character is a silent movie hero in a sound world, telegraphing his confusion and frustration entirely through the expressions on his malleable face. Alfonso Cuarón offers up an even more rarefied pleasure: the gritty joy of hearing Nick Nolte speak. The actor's raspy drone is the real star of Cuarón's basic little short, which consists almost entirely of a tracking shot along a street as Nolte's character has a conversation with a younger woman (Ludivine Sagnier). Cuarón keeps the camera at such a distance, tracking along on the opposite side of the street from the actors, that the aural component has to drive the short, and Nolte's distinctive voice would make it obvious that it was him even if he wasn't onscreen at all. The short's conceit is too cutesy by far, keeping the relationship between the two people ambiguous through vague dialogue, and the lame little "twist" at the end is eye-roll-inducing, but Nolte and Sagnier's largely verbal and enjoyable performances prevent it from being a total loss.
The objection in question came from the presenter Justin Schieber (I think that’s how you spell it anyway) and was based on a series of questions and objections he put to Craig on the Unbelievable podcast (hosted by Justin Brierly). The full exchange was set out in Episode 92 of the Reasonable Doubts podcast pretty quickly, and on a first listen I wasn’t sure if it was particularly interesting. I became slightly more convinced of it merits on a second listen, and I decided to write up this blog post in order to see whether there is anything to it. After all, one only really understands something when one tries to explain it to others.
aspects of our history and culture. . . The Big Issue looks at 20 of the most astonishing examples of secret Scotland.’ – The Big Issue, 18-24 September 2008
April 29th: I’m hoping to be able to edit this before this day arrives and say that this has turned into a praise, but would you mind praying for my visa to arrive again today? It’s a big deal. And if I hear something before today, I will update and let everyone know. Thanks. :)
The Audit Bureau of Circulation comprises representatives of advertisers (companies that advertise their products or services), media planners and buyers (number-crunching specialists who analyse the market and recommend ways to spend advertising money), advertising agencies (who plan advertising campaigns and design advertisements), and newspaper and magazine publishers (usually represented by circulation or marketing executives).
So, it’s finally here. Blue Like Jazz opens in theaters tomorrow. It’s been hard to stay away from some of the early reviews. Variety and the Huffington Post gave it decent nods. Interestingly a Village Voice reviewer and a conservative evangelical site found themselves agreeing on a less enthusiastic take on the film, albeit for different reasons.
Rating: *****
Blog hop runs from 12:01 AM June 15th through to 11:59 PM June 22th, 2012.
There are no easy answers to any of these questions, but I know I’m not alone. Perhaps it’s a sign of the economic times, but many of my contemporaries are looking at their past, present and future careers and considering what the point is. As opportunities decrease in number and reward does likewise whilst pressures increase personally and across local government, more of us are opening up to the opportunities away from the public sector. Many of these people have plenty to offer local government in the short and long term; it could be worth our while looking at how to keep local government attractive to staff as well as encouraging them to retain a sense of ambition, lest we bid farewell to rising stars and retain those willing to maintain the status quo, for better or for worse.
There are so many reasons why I love Israel. Each year on Independence Day, a great comedian (and friend) I know named Benji Lovitt (see What War Zone) creates a list of the top reasons why he loves Israel - and matches it to the number of years since Israel was re-established. I'm wondering if he is already busy creating the list.
Finally, no festival is complete without a flower garland for your hair! Your hair can look a dreadful mess but I think that by adding a flower garland to your head it can distract from the birds nest and add interest giving you a feminine and overall cute look. I did a post on flower garlands a few weeks back, since then they have become really popular, cropping up in most hight-street stores. I was tempting by this one from Primark (not only because of the £2.00 price tag) but because I like the way it just rests on the top of your head, unlike elasticated ones that really dig into my head and eventually end up giving me a head ache. There were many colours to choose from including pink, blue and purple! But in the end I went for simple white daisies as I felt they would go with any outfit!
However, more prosaically, when it comes to two breeds of cheetah , the differences are much less marked and they should mate with little difficulty. Surely those seeking to preserve genetic differences dating back thousands, or even millions, of years are being over sentimental, or even “racist” aren't they? - scarily such allegations are already being made.
On a personal note, I ask for your prayers. A very dear friend of mine lost his brother yesterday. There was a fatal incident and Michael was killed. Sean, who was in Brazil at the time, is preparing to fly home to be with his family. They have gone through so much in their lives. My first response is that I want to suffer so that Sean doesn't have to. Yet as I know that is not possible, I try to remember that Christ's suffering on the cross allows Him to truly intercede on Sean's behalf and carry some of this pain. So would you pray for Sean, his mother and sister and all of his family as they begin trying to grieve through this together?
BUT!
I wish to thank a few fellow bloggers for inspiring me to have a go. Without their knowledge and advise I doubt I’d be posting anything tonight…
And so his match with Cena had an edge to it. With him elbowing Cena in the head and drawing blood within the first few seconds, it set the tone for a match that more resembled a Boss Fight in a video game or the end of an action movie. Brilliant stuff, and a match so good it actually surpassed the Triple H vs Undertaker match from Wrestlemania.
I have decided to follow Jesus
This one is particularly egregious. On the other hand, they’re up against Yale, which is known for protecting its own.
After all, thousands of Americans and other Westerners have been slaughtered in the name of such sentiments, part of an on-going Jihad against them and all infidels.
“Everybody was concerned that foreign parties would exploit demonstrations by some (Egyptians) outside the embassy (in Cairo) to attack members of the mission,” Al-Sharq daily quoted him as saying.
FOX News Channel Wed. Jan. 21 (really Tuesday evening), host Trace Gallagher and Martha McCallum, 1 AM to 3 AM, once or twice each hour during that two-hour segment. While this is late, it should be a lot of fun, Inauguration trivia, inaugural balls, etc.
I was planning, at this point, to offer a start of an alternative definition of social work. But as I draft its first few paragraphs, I begin to recognize some interesting things that need to go into that definition. The present post has become long enough, so I’m going to stop here and stick that material into another one, and this link will work when it has become well-formed enough to share with you.
Overall the race was excellent, the aid stations were no more than 4 miles apart and very well stocked. Most of the volunteers had no prior ultra experience but seemed to catch on quickly as to what worked well. There was tons of food and several booths set up at the finish, along with Ice bath tubs and free massages. Dean Karnazes ran the half marathon and was around hte finish for most of the afternoon. He gave a short speech and handed out the awards to the various winners.
PLEIS JR, GENTLEMAN JF. Using the National Health Interview Survey: time trends in influenza vaccinations among targeted adults. Eff Clin Pract 2005; 5 (Suppl. 3): E3.
5 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, divided
By now, most people are well-aware that this may well be the weakest movie in the Pixar filmography. In terms of storyline, this is certainly true – the plot is quite a bit of fluff, disposable and not particularly original. When compared to such work as Up, Wall-E and Toy Story, it certainly doesn’t hold up well.
Rather than pointing the finger back to them why not look around us today? The human race has become exceeding sinful. 2 Timothy 3:2-4 is being fulfilled before our very eyes. “For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unholy, without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God.” It reads like our daily newspaper doesn’t it?
Words from my family are far more full of knowledge, love and wisdom than any I hear outside, in the samsarik world.. But words that stem from concern make me feel incompetent and I don’t like that. Especially if these words reflect deep love. Love makes us want to swallow inaccuracies and forgive follies and put aside priorities. Love makes us want to compromise.
He’s there every time I go to the park. He obviously knows how to read. (That does take a certain amount of intelligence). At the same time he’s sucking on his cigarette and blowing out all the carcinogens out into the fresh air.
This is the kind of attacks carried out by savages in response to the "Kill the Boer" song sung by the leadership of the ANC.
Now, I would to thank all of the people who have stopped by the site. When I started it, I didn’t think it would amount to very much, but I may have been wrong. There have been people stopping by now for 45 consecutive days and I am about reach 1,000 visits. Its been great to have you all come by and check things out. In the next few days I will posting my review of Jeff Strand’s Faint of Heart.
I have spread my dream under your feet;
As soon as I'm allowed I will post more about the winners. For now, THANK YOU to everyone who entered, it's been an incredible experience!
It's been a while, there hasn't been a whole lot going on in the world of boxing. I'm taking this opportunity to weigh in on some of the fights that are coming up.
May odds be ever in your favor,
I did that this morning and everyone of them turned their backs on me – literally. One of them I’ll need to watch more closely for diet. She’s showing signs of diarrhea. I’m feeding Co-Op Creep; or maybe she just got more than her share.
This is a very important table in our house. Each child has his/her own basket to keep school papers in and those little things I find around the house that belong to them. Then on the weekends, we empty them out. I put special school projects or work that I want to keep in the bottom drawer. The top shelf has a basket where we keep things that used to clutter up the top of the table, like receipts, invitations, pens, pencils, etc.
I painted the frame a rusty-burgundy color and then sealed it with matte spray sealant.. Then I took a cream colored small doily from the dollar tree and used one part glue and one part water to stiffen it.. I dried it over a plastic bowl to shape it. I let both those dry over night..The doily came out looking similar to a flower..
-When I lose ______ I get angry, resentful, frustrated, anxious, or depressed.
Most of my train collection will probably have to go or be replaced by a garden railway. Books are always a problem. I have never met a book I didn't like. This is one trend that will have to stop. I will have to learn to live with less to enjoy the open expanses of this home.
I don't often withhold dessert because they didn't finish their dinner. Sometimes you just get tired of eating what you're eating and you've had enough, and something sweet rounds things out nicely. I don't like it when someone tells my children to eat all their dinner or they won't get dessert. Yes, they will.
Theme: Cake
They moved to size two so fast that I have about 450 size one diapers left. I hope someone will let me exchange them or up size them. WalMart:? CVS? I am going to try this week, and I will be trading them for size 3.
Wildes does a good job as she uncovers the past for our present characters. All side characters were also well written and involved to make sure they were not forgotten.
2010.08.26 Afghanistan Kunduz 8 1 Eight policemen are machine-gunned to death by Taliban ambushers.
All I know is that the first order was an iced latte, light on the ice, with two sweet and lows, extra cream, an added, espresso turbo shot, and whipped cream on top. It only got worse after that. After about ten minutes I glanced behind me, and noticed that there weren’t any cars at my bumper. I also noticed that the voice at the speakers not only had an accent, but seemed a little exasperated. As the car finally pulled up to the pickup window I watched as drink after drink was passed into the car. When I got up to the window to pick up my hot coffee, I noticed a guy with trembling hands and white streaks in his black hair, wearing a high school varsity jacket. I handed the kid a big tip, and said,
Truman also created the Psychological Strategy Board encouraging studies of “Soviet society” through a program of recruiting dissidents called Project CENIS – Centre for International Studies – at MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) directed by CFR operative Max Millikan.
I was going to write about writing. But as I bounced around the blogosphere, I found that there are so many – SO many — blogs about writing, and I just didn’t feel like I had much to add. Does the internet really need yet another blog post on the use of the comma or eradicating the passive voice? I don’t think so. Instead, I have written about movies and TV and music; I have written about what I read and see and experience in the hope that it will connect with others out there on a more personal level.
First of all, we really have to look at what the printer really is before we can actually diagnose anything about getting the right Canon Printer driver update for yourself. In the end of the day, no matter what the brand of the printer is, the results and the problems are always almost the same, and when you are doing this, you need to know what to do and how to do it.
'The student drinking culture has got completely out of hand and I know because I saw it. I regarded myself as a normal, sensible teenager, but I got pulled into it myself.'
By day her meals untouch’d, then at night fitfully sleeping, often
Notice they are all girl names even though she said it is a boy. Hilarious.
For the last week, I have been working on a 12 step program. No, not that one. The one that results in warm kitchens, yummy smells, and yeasty goodness of a whole other sort: the 12 step program for baking bread.
Tao Te Ching v16
Be well,
2. Don't Get Around Much Anymore
Our MMSC44 weekly Bonus sponsor is.....
...I shooed it outside instead and went back to work.
touched and felt
This is where I tell you that everything earlier in this series may have been a colossal waste of time. I spent all this time arguing for the possibility of an infinite past, but who cares about the possibility? In our actual reality, it appears that the universe in fact does not have an infinite past. This is based on our knowledge of physics, and experimental confirmations of Big Bang theory. It's based on science.
“But Mister Rogers, I can’t pray,” Joybubbles said, “because every time I try to pray, I forget the words.”
This stems from the recent announcement by Sime Darby that it was buying a 30% stake in E&O from a group of shareholders at a price that worked out to a 60% premium to market at the point of the announcement.
The sudden blog heavy love for iceage will probably go down as one of the most surprising pushes for a band this year. Not that it is unwarranted; far from it. As anyone who has managed to a copy of New Brigade in the US (not an easy feat, by the way) can attest to how good the album/band are (more on that in a second). But the fact is this is a band has been around for almost two years, and released a seven inch that served as a precursor to most of what's on New Brigade to not so much as a squeak from the blogosphere (though it did do great in the punk circle that iceage original come from). The sudden yelp of blogs, who rarely care for punk bands unless they are covered in lo-fi (not that there is anything wrong with that genre either), seems to have come out of nowhere, along with the equal strange desire to lump iceage with with the emerging "darkwave" scene.
Let's get busy
Jenn: In reading Brains, it becomes clear that the familial unit is of utmost importance for human/zombie survival. o you feel the recruitment of the family members is indicative of your own life?
And I am so immersed in the crazy I actually thought for a minute maybe I should not have accepted the offer of help. I knew my son would not be happy about it. I actually thought for a minute maybe I should have avoided the trigger and fought with the carpet myself.
The second part of the interview went well; it was some spontaneous Q&A thing. Guy With Cute Shirt asked me what was my name and where was I from. So I turned up the voltage of my smile, looked into the camera and said,
I contacted her off the board when I saw she was from Delaware. You see, living in a small state like Delaware is almost like living in a small town. You can be assured anyone you meet in Delaware knows someone you know, or is related to someone you know. It's like that whole six degrees of separation theory living in this state.
French Ephemera 2 - Printable collage sheet only
The young lady’s grandmother was with her when she regained consciousness. Her first words were, “Hi, Grandma. Grandpa and Jesus are in the waiting room.”
Turn the crock pot to high or low (or depending on when you are going to eat)
Butler’s petition garnered more than 500,000 signatures including signatures from many celebrities. Through numerous television and event appearances, Butler has also had the opportunity to meet many of the people that have inspired her.
Her body language was above board. Literally above the board of the table, cell phone six inches above the table, out in the open, making an attempt, however feeble, at small talk and keeping him engaged in the moment. She may not have been inviting him to be a part of what she was texting about but she certainly made no attempts to hide it from him.
Of course, one team and a bunch of jokes don’t really define the man. His overall record is extremely impressive, but when put into context, the adjective “amazing” may be a more appropriate term than “impressive”. This next section is something I wrote a couple of years ago as part of a study of the records of Port and Fred Jordan, with some minor editing.
What is some good advice for me?
Several pieces of news for you today! Firstly - I'm coming to do my first show in the Midwest next May! May 18th-20th in Kansas City, Missouri I will be at the Spectrum Fantastic Art LIVE show - should be one of the best art shows ever - myself and 200 other artists you know from the Spectrum annual series of books (the best in fantasy, science fiction, illustration, horror, film concept art, etc.). For more information visit my official Facebook Event Page for Spectrum Fantastic Art Live HERE or scroll down to the bottom of this mailing list update.
As with most partnerships, children bring complications as much as they bring joy. Children really test the stances you agree on and the differences between your ideas of family, care, discipline and sacrifice. They add extra work and demand extra time, all of which brings new negotiations. They compel parents to take the implicit and honestly interrogate it as gently as they can to see what’s actually there, what’s actually shared, what’s actually possible. So many things that were easy or didn’t need planning or could happen without full communication have changed, and every path is a two way street that presents choices about the direction the whole family will go. And, this is the crux of the whole thing. Either you choose a direction together or everyone eventually goes their own way.
Inside is just as charming, but today I'm going to focus only on the living room. It's right as you enter the house, the way most DC rowhouses are, and while it seems quite narrow, it's also doesn't seem as narrow as some other houses I've visited in Capitol Hill. I'm going to assume that the chandelier and mirror come with the house (or can be negotiated for during settlement) because they're GORGEOUS and perfect. If they don't come with the house, I'd search for their exact replicas.
slowly resumes it's natural rhythm I remember it isn't
Anyway hopefully these new minis will bring a warm feeling to you, even if where you are the weather doesn't :)
John and Jana, unschooling parents themselves, present a very different view in A Rule is to Break, saying on their site "children are natural masters of anarchy, but are too often unaware of the power they wield in their cute little hands, and too seldom encouraged by grown-ups to figure that out! In A Rule Is To Break: A Child’s Guide To Anarchy that determined little devil girl Wild Child wages her own one-girl rebellion against the stifling world of adults who just want her to behave! And she brings her friends along!"
while the amount was yet to be recorvered.
There are many places to visit in as well as on the outskirts of Srinagar. There are lot many beautifully maintained gardens. I remembered us going to a Garden named Nishaat Bagh.
It was, of course, a joy to finally see the Mardi Gras Indians on St. Joseph’s Day. I have to admit a small bit of disappointment. When I followed the Indians on St. Joseph’s, I saw a cinematographer from Treme at the parade. I assumed that the footage of the parade I attended would be aired during the St. Joseph’s episode. Nope. No idea if they plan to use the footage in the future, I can only say that the daytime parade I attended was packed compared with the nighttime parade they used in the episode so it wouldn’t have represented the struggle to come back from nothing. This year – the Indians were plentiful, as were the crowds. If you haven’t already seen the footage of that most amazing day, it is my favorite video. Watch it full screen.
Thanks again, everyone!
By Hank Pfeifle:
At the sight of the waters.
Put the roasting pan with the uncooked turkey breast and vegetables into the oven on the center rack placement.
SK has best wind and solar in country. We could be global leaders. Look at more than just CCS.
And the case can be made for any group's claim to victimization even now. It does not serve the cause of liberty, equality under the law, or any of the tenets necessary for a society of free individual humans.
Although it is a well-known Lebanese dish, I actually ate my first plate of this tasty delight in Los Angeles, of all places. My friends and I often patronized our off-the-cool-map restaurant in a strip mall because the food was really, really delicious (but also because we could all find something on the menu to suit us – not always the easiest thing!). The fattoush salad serendipitously arrived at our table one day (I can’t even remember ordering it) and lo and behold, I got a taste of the light. What is this incredible stuff?! So lemon-y. So herbalicious. So clean and cool and collectively crisp! And sprinkled with some very tangy red stuff that I later learned was sumac – pure love I tells ya. The whole thing is a plate of genius.
Well hi! How are you doing? It's been a while since I last posted anything, and I know I don't have to many readers, but I do have some, so thanks for being readers, and sorry I haven't posted anything lately. I have LOTS of excuses, such as potty training, trying to sell a house, a time consuming church responsibility, homeschooling, etc. . . BUT it does look like things are settling down a bit, and so I'm going to start trying to think of fun things to do with my kids and posting them. I haven't been a very fun mom lately. Stress makes me be grumpy and eat candy - I know, not the best coping strategies.
With the decline in human interaction due to the ease of online shopping, what would it take to get you or if not you, people you know back into the bookstore? What is it that is missing that keeps people buying books online (and I’m not saying online purchases are bad). That keeps them out of libraries (like Zephyr’s, that will be closing its doors because Uxbridge township feels it doesn’t make enough money)?
As per his usual, Woody Allen provides one more couple at the apex of marriage and finds conflict in that universal clash between security and passion. Hollywood screenwriter and wannabe novel writer Gil Pender (Owen Wilson) with his fiancée Inez (Rachel McAdams) have accompanied her parents to Paris and the excursion shows up their differences in a most prickly manner. She's all about shopping for expensive items, while he wants to take midnight walks in the rain. Indeed, he loves Paris so much he wants to move there, an idea she rejects like he's completely crazy. Meanwhile, she becomes impressed by a conceited, know-it-all professor (Martin Sheen), who precludes every pontification with "if I'm not mistaken," the satire being that his enlightenments are usually untrue. One evening at midnight, dismayed by the way his life is taking, Gil wanders off around Paris and ends up being lost. As he sits down to pull himself together, an antique car drives up and…
Mistakes seem to be all that some in the so-called church make.
A rash of recent books about the geographic implications of climate change have crossed my desk. In this themed supplement to BLDGBLOG's ongoing Books Received series, I thought I'd group them together into one related list.
His mother(Shakti/Pavarti) wants to accept life and death in the real world; his father (Shiva) would prefer a spiritual life of renunciation. Ganesha melds those, and understands both.
Che nel fior di giovinezza
Wikipedia says:"UK holds the prestige of being the first country in the world to dedicate a special day for mothers It started when the Roman and British Empire converted to Christianity."
The new batch of pancakes (on the non-salmon cooked pan),
3. Peaches Honeyblossom, another daughter of Bob Geldof and Paula Yates
Aperture : F6.3
opposed to the demystification strategy utilised by she-rebels from
Do check out the rest of the DTs fab creations with some new digi papers than Janet has created available in STORE now.
Not by might
and luckily ours just encourages us to be healthy.
and hair cutting diva Lori trimmed my hair (and cleaned my office -- nothing better than the smell of pine-sol --- thanks Lori ) I managed to dash home and wash out the trimmings and actually see my yard in the light of day.
I stepped away from the bar and sprinted once around the track, fast. Furious.
Because you're a free radical. A secret and hearty revolutionary.
If someone asked Andronicus and Julia in those days of cruel Saul, they would likely say: “He’s an idiot, but we are praying for him.”
02 - Let The Good Times Roll 04:07
But I'm DEVASTATED to be sure!
Okay, so the likelihood of Christopher Nolan ringing me up to ask me to direct something he’s written is kinda slim (read: nonexistent). But I’m still sticking to my promise. I think stories are like kerosene lamps. They may not be light bulbs, but they do add light when it gets dark. So I might as well let my lamp burn for as long as I have kerosene for burning.
As we started for the Start-line we had some stragglers from registration that had to run .25 mile to the start-line so that they didn’t miss the start.
Take a look at an article by Diana Furchtgott-Roth, Immigration: The Great Race for Brains, and what comes up? "Reform".America can attract the best global minds as students, but to keep them here and reap the benefits of our investment in their education and productivity, we need to reform our immigration law.Furchtgott-Roth produces some arguments - not that I agree with them - but if she proves anything with them, it's that we need to be cracking down on uneducated, illegal aliens.
1 teaspoon garlic powder
Name It and Frame It? is a 1993 book by Steve Levicoff about Christian schools. He explores the accreditation process, good and bad institutions of higher learning. This work has four different editions, which contain updated information and responses from various groups. In the preface of the third edition Levicoff wrote about the book, “administrators at legitimately accredited Christian schools loved it, but the operators of degree mills weren’t too pleased.”
So what is the truth? Do students have a choice; is there a way of financing your studies without having to turn to sex work? Or are we ignoring the real reasons behind student prostitution because of social constraints rather than exploitation.
I like to serve these on 100% whole wheat sandwich thins/thin buns. Depending on what's on sale and available, I grab Arnold or Earth Grains. My husband and kids usually like theirs plain, but I like to top mine with some organic baby spinach, red onion, banana peppers and tomato. I usually serve these with a fresh fruit mixture and roasted sweet potato fries or a veggie and pasta salad (stay tuned for those recipes!).
On my birthday, I was presented with little booklets made for me by Jonathan and Faith. They dictated them and my mom wrote them down word for word. For posterity's sake, and because they were adorable, I have decided to copy them here:
We both blush and Simon wanders off to the bathroom.
Mark Teixeira (33) and Nick Swisher (15) both hit two-run bombs to go along with a 434 foot homer by Andruw Jones (18), to lead the Bombers power surge at Target Field.
Hello BnW Friends!
It's been a busy week. Okay, fortnight. One of those times when my every minute seems so caught up that I haven't stopped to reflect decently.
When do you let your heart rule your head?
It's been a summer event now for the past 242 years! Since 1768 to be precise. Yes it has. What's more, it's at the same venue too. So it was to this place that I took myself last Friday. The more awake regulars will be sure to recognise that this is the Royal Academy of Art on Piccadilly in central London. Of course you knew that.
I cut two pieces of Black Cardstock to make the matted piece. Did you know you can cut two at a time with these framelits? You can, how cool is that?
Frank Foster (Tenor Sax)
I think they're one of my all-time favorite finds...and I like that they're tarnished. You can find brass pieces in almost every thrift store, and there are always lots of animal options! I'd never seen birds on twigs like this, though, so I thought it was a special find. It was $3. I know that my thermostat showing is unattractive, but I try to keep the house user-friendly, so keeping it constantly covered up is just a hassle!
George W. Bush finally weighed on the presidential race—with four short words.
_____I like to see the nervous smiles when I walk up to strangers to see if they will let me take a picture of them standing next to me.
1 product
I think June/July I shall keep my head down to hone the tracks ready for recording. I have already had to put this back 3 months, but it will get done and out into the world a screaming blood clot covered album. Big ideas need to air for a while before I work out the logistics of recording. I need space, some good microphones and enough coffee to take down an elephant. It will emerge slowly and this time it will be without compromise, by that I mean I will work my balls off to get it exactly how I want it.
The air up there in the clouds is very pure and fine, bracing and delicious. And why shouldn’t it be? – it is the same the angels breathe. __Mark Twain
new month new start amiright? May will be back to the gym, back to the blog, back to the books, back to philly? Not necessarily in that order. Wedding planning is in hyper gear so I’ll probably be writing about that. Amongst other things. PULLING THE THREADS BACK TOGETHER PEOPLE.
What hypocrisy.
The casual availability of images now is both a blessing and a curse. It makes me treasure each image a little less, perhaps because I haven't spent so much effort on the hunt. Still, I'm grateful to be able to find so many digital images in cyberspace. But I have faith that there's much more to be discovered. The internet may be a million miles wide, but it's only an inch deep when it comes to some artists who have yet to arrive from obscurity.
Kate xx
Nine home-grown players started for the New York Mets tonight. I won't be getting into all my previously disturbed rants about how angry I "WAS" (that can change quickly...it all depends on Jeff) with this club and the direction they should have been working towards.
1 cup dry fruits ( cashewnut, almond, raisins), finely chopped
Pride is the cold mountain peak, sterile and bleak.
The protagonist of Girl with a Dragon Tattoo, Lisbeth Salander, is not the most charming heroine: she’s an antisocial computer hacker who never smiles or has a kind word for anybody. However, we see early on that she’s had a rough life. Not only does she live a lonely existence in a cold, humble apartment, but also, the only person she seems to love (her guardian) has a stroke and she’s left in the hands of a disgusting man who abuses her.
She was RIGHT! You would think that was enough said….it is, but theres more. This new offering, Port of Morrow from the classic group, oops, I mean newly-formed, ….WAIT….WHAT? I meant to say, the band is, at first…UN-SHINS like, and then, songs like September bring you back to the storyhood of Mercer’s songwriting. Whats different you ask? Its upbeat! Its exciting…..I can’t stop moving! Mostly unlike the melancoly tunes of the past…..again when you listen to For A Fool….maybe not. I will be listening to this one in the car, in the office, on the plane and in the shower….I’ll grow to love it as much as Wincing, and Chutes and Inverted….if not for the newness, for the shear mezmerizing lyrics!!! GO SHINS!!! Thanks for visiting us in ATX!
How many of you can relate to the flip my world upside down sense that occurs when the kids arrive at your home? For me, it is night and day. Without kids my schedule is as follows: Quiet work at home on the weekends; small, easy to make meals; limited grocery shopping; few interrupting phone calls, basically- my attention and care is focused on me and the life I have created.
For its mat, I cut/embossed S4-114 Standard Circles LG #2 and used a cool product from MuddPuddles.net. It started as a wet paste and when it dried, it became artificial grass! Love it! They also have it in sand, snow and many other variations. When dried, I edged it with dark green ink.
Enclosure 1 to War Diary No. 2.
Finally! They have arrived! My business cards are here!
Don't get me wrong, on one or two songs they did well, and the band was good. The show itself, though, really, really needs a huge reworking, way better dancing, and a shortening by 30 minutes.
“Take off!” – This will be reserved for students’ learning, curriculum being taught with the iPads, and actual student input – “Shooting Star of the Week Quotes” where students will contribute comments from the learner’s perspective.
Quentin, a young nobleman, challenges these laws out of love for his wife. His best friend, Asahel, defies authority at his side, unaware that the search for this lost magic will bring them both to the edge of reason, threatening their very souls. The Universal Mirror shows how far two men are willing to go for the sake of knowledge and what they will destroy to obtain it.
And finally there's this:
Two foreign words you may not be able to pronounce, but whose meaning you surely will recognize.
Last week, after two months of garbage-accumulation, we couldn’t take the mess on the side of the house anymore. It was time for a trip to the transfer station. We bundled up all the recyclables and stuffed our bags of trash into large, black garbage bags. We had five large bags of recycling and two bags of trash. It cost us a whole $5 to dispose of all of it.
It would have been popular as well as principled to have introduced new safeguards for British citizens sought by foreign courts. I suspect it would have better reflected her own private views - to say nothing of Lib Dem colleagues such as Nick Clegg. But policy-making in this area as in others has largely been contracted out to "experts", and Baker has spoken. The manifold injustices of the extradition process will remain uncorrected.
these puzzle blocks honey? love you so very much son.
Khairy was wrong when he said last year that the two journalists failed to consider “the gravity of their own actions”. Gani was wrong when he said they were “sheer “ignorant”. The reporters were right when they knew full well what they were doing and that they could do what they liked, for there would be no consequences – and the AG has confirmed it!
whose bellows speak from its heart,
That's a really valuable insight because it highlights where I need to spend my efforts and also suggests that it's not about something being "wrong" with me. The pool of single men I might really fit with is just really small because of who I am and what I'm looking for. I need to work on expanding that, rather than beating myself up.
- I made adult decisions and it's actually working. It's terrifying, but I'm still going strong.-
somehow i left with two indoor plants.
An as I write this an update, the weather service has just confirmed two touchdowns of tornados. One landed in Park Slope as reports indicated yesterday and I then moved northeast through the edge of crown heights and into Bed-Stuy.
Britex Fabrics celebrates its sixtieth anniversary with this special series of design community events. Beginning on March 15, we are hosting four Designer Spotlights, each of which showcases a particular design theme--from Bridal & Evening Wear in March to Wardrobe Essentials in May, to Costumes & Corsetry in July and Menswear & Shirtmaking in September.
Schlafly Summer Lager
The Porsche Cayman R price starts at 69,830 EUR and the new model will go on sale in February 2011.
A heritage from our Father God.
Time for a new printer.
I think in each story’s case, I was consistently surprised at how ‘current’ or alternatively ‘timeless’ each story really was. The human condition is actually surprisingly similar to the time frame of Poe’s writing. I’d suggest that we’re basically the same, but on a more global scale.
And he has gone
Worse, I am a writer who has recently rediscovered the joys—and consequences—of staying up until one a.m. reading! Reading, and watching previous episodes of Mad Men, The Vampire Diaries, and Glee! If the Capitol discovers my offense, they will not just send a team of local Peachkeepers to slap my wrists, they will execute me! I sigh and roll my eyes.
All the postiive comments by people on Facebook and in the comments here on the blog raised my self-confidence to new levels. The more people brought up the cookbook idea, the more my thoughts turned to "Ok, I will...as soon as I figure out how." It didn't hurt that the people encouraging me included friends who are writers themselves. I mean, when someone like Tina Volpe, co-author of The Missing Peace: The Hidden Power of our Kinship with Animals and author of The Fast Food Craze, tells you to write a book, it's probably a good idea to listen.
There was quite the crowd there. A few people were wearing fancy clothing; probably some of the lesser nobles. The Lords and Ladies of the Stormwind people remained on the upper levels of the Keep, in their own party. They were a small number compared to the partiers down below. And the commoners of Stormwind certainly knew how to throw a celebration. Kegs lined the canal streets up to the keep itself, with throngs of people laughing and dancing.
First, our Nola Vamp advised blog land that Dwell Studio released fabrics for a FAVORITE site of mine, http://www.fabrics.com/. What a delight!
Yes, I am back again. Not what you expected but here I am. And today I have something on my mind again. Just a simple little story about what I found in my mailbox this morning. A new copy of the recently released region 1 DVD of the movie Howard the Duck. I know I have written about it before in this blog. But the new thing about this DVD is the bonus documentary featuring new interviews with some of the cast and crew members of the movie. They tell the story of the making of the movie and of their reactions to it being a box office disaster and given many bad reviews. The movie was a bomb, no doubt, but it also have had a following of loyal fans from the beginning. I am one of them. From the start many years ago, in the 1980′s, I liked the movie. Not many did then. But I am happy to find out now that the people who made the movie still like it and are proud of the work they put into it. And I am glad the movie is finally released on DVD so that old and new fans can watch it again or for the first time.
Their friendship, business and love are all going great until a Mexican drug cartel catches up to their Laguna Beach, California, business and demands that the trio partners up with them. Things get ugly after the three politely refuse the offer.
Lots and lots! After all the changes I made writing it, it was still too long and convoluted. Earlier versions were about 70,000 words long, but my editor was keen on tightening the story, so a huge amount was cut. I've happy with this though. I think the story shines through and it doesn't outstay its welcome. Admittedly, it could be frustrating for some readers as much of the backstory is now hinted at rather than explained, but I think it was a good idea to remove it.
Anyway, back to the day. At around 8:00 a.m. I was feeling hungry again and was due for a snack so I decided to have an egg on an English muffin because this was in a list of acceptable foods in the eating out guide. I made sure they didn't put any liquid margarine on the muffin. This held me over for a little while and I didn't feel too bad about the decision. But then I was in the room, watching boring video after boring video, positively crashing because I was running off of about four hours of sleep (did I mention I've had approximately ten hours total in the last three days?). I needed something to help me stay awake. And they had brought in a big bowl of candy for us to snack on... I'd been good about resisting, but I finally gave in and had a fun size Twizzler, a fun size Snickers, and a fun size Kit Kat. Stupid me. Felt bad about that decision afterward for sure. But, the sugar rush did make it so I stayed awake.
This book-inspired cooking post is going to wend its way over to Simona at Briciole who is hosting another one of her delightful Novel Food blog event. Novel Food is cohosted with Lisa of A Champaign Taste and celebrates the love of reading with the love of cooking and there are always intriguing new book selections to seek out when reading each of the Novel Food roundups. If you are interested in joining Novel Food, the deadline is Feb. 13.
Dear Americans,
· He complimented the personality and loyalty of Saul
Love is stronger than any goddesses or gods.
The Orangutan Project is involved in rescuing injured orangutans and requires staff, anesthetics, medical supplies and transport equipment.
On the DVD’s one can access deleted scenes and every so often I do just that. I did just that after several episodes during season 2 and in particular I watched the deleted scenes after episode 8, “Performance Review.” Sometimes the best wisdom comes from the places we might easily overlook and I think it is easy to overlook the wisdom of Michael Scott. Here’s what Michael said in one deleted scene:
Ontario has embarked on a bold plan to become the best publicly funded education system in the world, and inclusion is a foundation of the delivery of high-quality instruction for all learners. Leadership, and leaders with vision, are critical to bringing the Equity and Inclusive Education Strategy to life in schools and school boards. Join other system leaders and educators from across Ontario to share best practices.
Seventeen-year-old Ismae escapes from the brutality of an arranged marriage into the sanctuary of the convent of St. Mortain, where the sisters still serve the gods of old. Here she learns that the god of Death Himself has blessed her with dangerous gifts—and a violent destiny. If she chooses to stay at the convent, she will be trained as an assassin and serve as a handmaiden to Death. To claim her new life, she must destroy the lives of others.
As usual you may create whatever you wish be it atc, card, scrapbook layout, tag, inchie, 4 x 4 - the choice is yours. As always add your creation to your blog or email me direct with the picture if you don't have a blog. Leave me a comment with a direct link to your work of art and I will pop over to have a look. Please include a link to my challenge site on your blog. Thanks and enjoy the challenge.
Yep, boot camp. Two little words that elicit hilarious reactions in people. Since I began attending boot camp three weeks ago, I have had friends and strangers react with delight, horror, fear, intrigue, revulsion and curiosity. Admittedly, the horror and revulsion were usually from those confronted with my sweaty, scarlet-faced post-boot-camp self. I don't blame them, not in the slightest. It's a foul sight.
Push-ups: Yes
As seems to be the case on this trip, each hotel is more dramatic than the last. Our home for our two nights in Cusco is Hotel Monasterio, a unique joint in a former monastery that still sports dozens, if not hundreds, of the original oil paintings accumulated by the Monasterio and which plays Gregorian chants in the public spaces. As with Rio Sagrado, the folks at Hotel Monasterio went out of their way to accommodate us, including a crib, a bunch of toys and baby toiletries in our room, and a bottle of champagne and deserts to help us celebrate our anniversary. The deserts were excellent, but sadly the champagne went untouched as we tried to adjust again to Cusco’s 11,000 foot altitude. It’s crazy to think of Machu Picchu at 9000 feet and Rio Sagrado at 8000 feet as “low”, but compared to Cusco they are, and even a reasonable amount of acclimitization won’t keep one from getting winded from relatively little physical activity at this height. Between the altitude, the morning’s hike, and the 5-6 hours of travel, we were absolutely done and called it a night without even thinking of a free bottle of champagne. Believe me when I tell you that this speaks to our tiredness, not to the worth of the bottle.
WEbook's new TOU makes no reference to what rights authors will have to grant, saying only that if WEbook chooses to publish a work, "the parties will have to negotiate a publishing contract with a variety of other terms." Has WEbook re-thought its draconian copyright policy, or is it just no longer mentioning the policy in public? I can't help wondering what surprises lurk in the WEbook publishing contract.
Many multimedia data streams contain both audio and video, and often some metadata that permit synchronization of audio and video. Each of these three streams may be handled by different programs, processes, or hardware; but for the multimedia data streams to be useful in stored or transmitted form, they must be encapsulated together in a container format.
His tour will only last 4 days, This is the first time that a Turkish representative tours those countries. Later in April he will reveal more places and dates!
I have been unable to comment on some of my favourite blogs and at times, even reply to comments on my own blog, so I have been tinkering around trying to come up with a solution.
When we closely examine what transpired at the beginning of Jesus’ public ministry, one of His first acts was to call disciples to Himself (Matt 4:18-22; Mark 1:16-20; Luke 5:1-11; John 1:35-51). This wasn’t our Lord’s way of making a “posse” or gathering “groupies.” Jesus was actually following the will of the Father. During Jesus’ prayer in John 17:6 we read, “I have manifested Your name to the people whom You gave Me out of the world. Yours they were, and You gave them to Me, and they have kept Your word.” Jesus took charge of the role the Father had called Him to take care of. Jesus assumed the mantle of disciplemaker, and spent the next 3 years of His life committed to teaching them.
Most of all, however, I really tend to not like Xmas music. It's pumped in to every public establishment that you have no choice but to enter from what seems like October thru the new year. Ugh. If it's not Dean Martin, Elvis, Frank Sinatra or Brian Setzer doing holiday songs, then I don't wanna hear it. 'Divas' doing endless runs… thus making a crap three minute tune into a five and a half minute session of torture? Nope. Not for me.
the tender flesh
There is no effort to amend State constitutions to make it legal to stone women to death on their wedding night, if they’re not virgins. At least not yet. We don’t know where the GOP is going these days.
“Please pay close attention to Paragraphs 5.4 & %.5 and digest the full meaning of those finely-written clauses”.
Then Louis read affirmations and one of them was “I love my body. I take some time to learn how my body works and what nutrition it needs for optimal health. The more I love my body, the more balanced my weight is…”
Acorn, butternut, spaghetti and kabocha squash, .27/lb. at Newflower (through 12/22/10)
For some, bringing out truth, freedom and power...for some... hiding truth or layering it as a disguise.
The link between the two distinct points I have made (the population deception and the inside story behind the YPF expropriation) actually explains the mistake of researchers who refer to the Argentine as a European nation and side with them in their dispute with the Zionists who run with the UK. The reality is that there is no dispute; the Zionists who run Argentina are both in this case and in the Malvinas controversy merely covering themselves in the flag and using nationalism to enrich themselves and increase their hold on power.
Get busy quickly on your springs, your opportunities. There are just a handful of springs that have been handed to each of us. Life is brief, even at its longest. Whatever you are going to do with your life, get at it. Don’t just let the seasons pass by.
No sane person questioned their strategy of holding onto parts of the territory the fleeing, defeated Arabs were forced to leave behind. After all, have not nations done that from time immemorial? It makes it harder for your enemies to attempt another attack. Not impossible, just more difficult. Large parts of southwestern America were acquired in just that way during our war with Mexico.
Students will enjoy the Synonym-Antonym Rap, partner game, buddy reading activity and other printables included in this set. Wrap it all up with a cute class book template that can be used with other units in the future!" (2-3)
North Carlina fans of The Allman Brothers Band haven’t been forgotten on the band’s itinerary. The band will be in Charlotte Friday, August 3rd and Raleigh Saturday, August 4th. Fellow southern rock legends Lynyrd Skynyrd will join the band for both of its North Carolina dates. Its remaining August dates will be spent in Pennsylvania and Massachusetts with a handful of very special shows.
2) You know when you think of Angkor Wat and it's all about hacking thru the jungle and finding this immense lonely place of romantic solitude and it's just you and the ancient ruins and the trees and the monks and you can be all Indiana Jones and shit? Try it tihis way instead: It's you and the ttrees and the ruins and ONE MILLION FRIGGING KOREANS ALL GETTING IN YOUR GODDAMN WAY AND CRAWLING ALL OVER THE TEMPLES RUINING EVERY SHOT YOU TRY TO GET. Angkor is the new Disneyland of ancient sites. ANd we hit it directly on the Cambodian new Year celebration and so the Cambodians ALL go out there to celebrate and have picnics...so it was crowded beyond belief. Trafffic jams, masses of people everywhere, mayhem and madness. We did have a few magical moments of solitude and wonder (mostly when the tour groups were having their lunches at the hottest time fo the day, so we traded sweat for peace), but 85% off the time we were just trying to get around the damn crowds.
The Princess and the Goblin (MacDonald)
Overall = 4.05
"Still, I'll never fit in," she said (but already more cheerful about it).
Addendum: In an effort to avoid further affliction based on these posts, the author wants the reader to note that our intrepid leader, Chad, does not in fact look like Gollum. The author is an innocent jokester not wishing to cause her favorite boot camp leader emotional distress. Or reason to give the author additional push-ups.
What are you working on now? The sequel– it addresses why Chiyo and how it happened.
What if I am bored?
Right before mile 6, what I had previously dubbed the "Hill of Death", there was a spectator with a sign that read "Pain is temporary, but pride is forever". This was not the only sign I would see that morning with the same saying, but this one came at a perfect time to get me up the hill.
Tea can block certain nutrients and proteins from absorbing, so drinking tea when taking certain medications can be contraindicated. Be sure to read the warnings on the medications first. Some herbal teas are also available in tablet form.
“Dear, 3rd Generation Connection. I see you work for Powersoft. I have a friend of a friend who works for Powersoft, which is how I came across your profile. If you connect with me, I’m hoping we could shift your Soft-Power into something more durable, something more sexy. Please accept my invitation if you feel so inclined.”
Cars and laptops. It’s all about contact and communication, when it all comes down to it. The car is crucial to get me (or my daughter) somewhere I (she) need(s) to be. The laptop, too, is all about communication and contact also. What else is writing but that? Communication and contact.
One thing we noticed all over Greece – little roadside shrines dotting the side of the road. I’ve read that these are not only to commemorate victims of traffic accidents, but also are used as offerings of thanks by survivors of car accidents. Either way, they were fascinating to take a peek at:
The day ended with my sister and I riding the Texas Star Carousel. Not an exciting experience mind you, but a nice digestive at the end of the day. Like having Armagnac and chocolate at the end of a meal. Which I've only done once aboard an Air France plane from Rome to Houston, but still.
Right now, Bulbs: Dig, Drop, Done is giving away a $5,000 yard makeover! All you need to do to enter is submit a photo of your yard at CurbsideChaos.com.
Like a sun the night pierces
For the teens, there are new novels coming along at a rapid rate, but first let me recommend Aim High: 101 Tips for Teens by Brad Berger ($9.75, www.aimhigh101tips.com) It is filled with short, easy to absorb points on how to speak, be helpful, acknowledge mistakes, forgive, maintain health, and lots, lots more. Any parent of a teenager, particularly the early teen years, will want to pick up a copy and just leave it around. It shortcuts the difficulties often encountered in communicating with this age group.
A website has been set up by the DHS for collection of the proposals. Access to ZaniesAgainstTerror.gov is open source, so that comics can feed off of each other’s krazy energy. Though the domain was only set up Friday, there’s already an impressive collection for officials at the Transportation Security Administration to consider.
Title: Two Imaginary Girls
If, during the combat, the bag of ashes is burst open, a black cloud that whines like a swarm of mosquitoes will curl out of it then attack Aelfric, filtering in through the slits in his helmet's visor and choking him to death. It will then hunt down any bandits who do not flee for dear life, seeking out any who hide nearby. Finishing it's retributive justice, it slides back into the bag and turns back into a heavy, gray powder.
The rest of the trade show was the usual mixture of junk-retailers (there's always some company which provides those out-of-copyright box-sets you see at discount stores), digital music services, merch retailers, we'll-get-you-on-radio services, trade publications, and miscellaneous doo-dads like the USB-stick concert-recording services, of which there were two, housed side-by-side in furious competition.
These networks differed in topology significantly more than expected by chance with the CFS network being more hub-like in design. Analysis of local modularity isolated statistically distinct cytokine communities recognizable as pre-programmed immune functional components.
Jeremy Hunt should feel free to sue The Slog for that paragraph. I could use the money.
I’m sorry for the amount of times my posts begin with a reference to how my thoughts and views have been inspired by news items or bulletins in the media, but that just seems to be the way of things at the moment lol. I hoping you all think my apology is inappropriate and needless. ; )
Still cool today thank goodness. I am getting a few more hoses on during the day while I can.
Website Hit Counter
I adore Kate Middleton and am always inspired by her clean, preppy style. While getting dressed for a work event I thought it'd be appropriate to bust out the winter whites since we are in December.
Tomorrow starts Round 2 of the 2012 NHL Playoffs, starting with the Nashville/Phoenix series at 8PM CST. Nashville was the first of all sixteen teams in the playoffs to advance to the Semifinals and waited patiently for their next opponent who was announced as Phoenix after the Coyotes knocked off the Chicago Blackhawks with a series win of 4-2.
You are the bringer of misery.
1 whole egg
The options for creating opposition are nearly infinite, but they must arise naturally from the GMC to be believable and truly compelling, and there must be an equally compelling reason why those circumstances occur. Similarly, the reader must understand and believe the reason why opposing characters are thrown together and kept together in a situation of conflict. Externally, their characteristics and goals must be interwoven into the novel's plot so they physically can't evade the conflict that is thrown at them. Internally, their motivation must make it impossible to give up.
F is for flash fiction -- short stories under 1,000 words. Some flash fiction regulations allow for more than that, but personally I think even 1,000 words is too long. I love writing stories in just a paragraph, or just a hundred words, or with a sentence limit.
Jeremiah 6:16
Technically this isn't one of my best, but it's fun. This was one of my very first experiments with selective color when I was learning how to edit photos. The rows upon rows of kernels argued they best represented the theme. Mother Nature presents us with different types of parallels also ...
The United States was the champion of liberty and freedom throughout the world. Before this time no nation in history ever had a written constitution that guaranteed the liberty and freedom of its people. But the glorious beginning of this country was to be corrupted in later years. The gentle, gracious, freedom-loving character of the United States in its youth was later used as a facade to hide the character that this country subsequently developed. This facade has successfully kept hidden, even from most of its own citizens, the real character the United States developed in these last days as a result of Jesuit infiltration and subversion.
Concerned residents were obviously interested in what the MP and candidate had to say regarding the protection and possible reinstatement of the devastated Mash Barn Lane. Andy Barnes told one resident that he had a strong feeling that the BHAFC would not come via the lane and would use the A27.
Lucas Brooks hates his life. He is lonely, he is sober, and he is angry. On the ice, when he’s not in the sin bin, he the leading scorer in the NHL but off the ice, he is a mess. He threw away the most important person in his life, and has regretted it ever since but when Lucas sees Fallon again after being traded to the Assassins; he is bound and determined to get her back. Even if she wants nothing to do with him.
Stop eating prescription pills like blue and pink sweet tarts
It doesn’t make me fall asleep as such but it calms me down enough sometimes that I could go to sleep? It also makes me sad too but that’s neither here nor there.
July 10th, 6:30-8:00 pm – REI Denver (Free)
Skyrim; continuing to be badasses
Lola: First, no one trusts me to be designated driver-
I also used my curling wand I got for Christmas off my parents, finally getting the hand of it and I actually prefer the results after I've brushed the curls out. The curls themselves last for ages to normally if I curl my hair it may last and hour and just drop out but I had these in all night even brushed my hair and slept on it and it was still wavy, definite plus in my book!
(The King has brought me into His chambers.) Have you ever been in the chamber with your King? The chamber is that secret place, the place reserved for you and Him alone. And it’s the place He draws us to, because He wants to be with us. It is in the chamber He reveals the secrets of His heart. He reveals His love to us in a deeper way. He shows us who He really is. It’s the place of intimacy, and it’s beautiful!! But in this passage chambers is plural. I believe it’s because there are levels of intimacy. We can spend our whole life on this earth learning about our Beloved, and still just have touched the surface of who He is. The chambers speak of going deeper with Him, and it’s only in spending time with Him that we can go into the ‘chambers’.
The camp was organized free of charge for them by Nilambe Centre, my favourite place in Sri Lanka. It's one of the best meditation retreats in South Asia and very reasonably priced. You spend some 8 hours a day in silence, which I loved.
Guess what else, chump—he’s your pappy. The boss. Captain. C-fucking-O. He runs the missions, he marks the protocols, he chats with the Barrys. He tells you your X and your Y and your fucking Z. You don’t do it? Blacker. If you’re lucky. Odds say he just puts a slug up your aft while you’re walking point with the twitch-gun, calls it an accident.
Reading text books in school and college was enough for me. I was not a person fond of reading novels and similar other books. If I have ever thought of reading a book then I always counted the number of pages first. I believed that watching a movie based on some novel is a better option than reading the same novel. A person will spend few days in reading a book; while, in a movie you can complete the story in 3 hours. However, these are like ancient things for me now.
Poor Sylvia Plath - she had such talent, but ...a sad life, sad ending...
Britain has been forced to look after the ­Algerian for more than a ­decade because he cannot be sent home to face the death penalty.
You may notice that this document is 666 pages in length. It actually downloads as 667 pages, but the last page is blank, making it 666. Page 666, by the way, features the minutes from a presentation made by the Keck Center of the National Academies which offers talks with such titles as “The Immune Response to Vaccines and Natural Infection” and “Antibodies, Vaccines, Neuroinflammation, and the Blood-Brain Barrier”.
January 19, 2011
“Jesus answered, ‘How can the guests of the bridegroom mourn while he is with them? The time will come when the bridegroom will be taken from them; then they will fast.”
Talking of ambience, the music is another amazing aspect which the graphic novel can do no justice (obviously). Composed by Max Richter, the music the environment it creates is so memorable that I still listen to it to this day. From the opening scene (which is confusing, and that is the only clue I will give), to the end scene, it is gripping and effective.
Would you watch it or put it on for your pets?
The preemie experience is a journey…
Into the summer sun stares America. Here come the new swimming suits and movies and the age-old hymns of the ice-cream trucks. Summer will be upon us in all its splendid glory in very short order. The weathermen will assure us of heat waves and el Niño; global warming and the benefits of sunscreen. We’ll see footage of animals at the zoo unwaveringly still in their spot in the shade and clips of city kids with smiles like alligators in the thick of gazelle season after having figured out the mechanism that opens the fire hydrant.
Sorry Paul Logan you’ll need a mustache and mirrored sunglasses to be the cop in this movie.
Indoors, my seeds are not the most robust but now that night temperatures are a bit warmer, I'll start keeping them outside. They should fill out with a couple of warm, sunny days. Next year I hope to invest in a good seed-starting lighting kit.
who came here on Friday night.
The most efficient vehicles for moving things on highways are trucks, and the bigger and faster, the better. The most efficient vehicles for moving people on highways are "over the road" buses, the high floor kind with one door at the front. If you don't care about the costs to yourself or others, a sports car is the most effective way to move people (yourself and maybe one other person).
5. Reconnect your iPhone to iTunes. After receiving the email, re-pair your device with iTunes. Under the “Summary” tab and “Version” section, click on Restore. Allow the device to restore as normal. When the restore completes, iTunes will display the message “Congratulations, your iPhone has been unlocked.” If you wish to restore your data, click “Continue,” otherwise it is safe to disconnect.
- Jacob "plucked" people out of their existence and brought them there.
My assessment of the French election is different, because I see other meanings in what this election represents. In my view, the government of Mr Hollande may be the last real chance that a left-leaning or left-wing political party will have in Europe to create an alternative to the neoliberal model of a market-driven economy supervised lightly by a non-interventionist State that has emerged the dominant desired model in Western countries, and that has been exported to the developing world through the policies of international financial institutions.
The first thing to notice in Monzon’s work is that visual design (which I will call form, order, or a plan) is equivalent wherever it is found. To Monzon, design is simply a surface. For instance, Bridget Riley’s op art designs have the visual equivalency of a Venice Beach blacklight poster. The design is the background over which Monzon does more lyrical activities like brush strokes and random streams of paint. The interplay between the surface and what apparently on top or concurrent with the surface is what creates something interesting for me. It is not as easy as it sounds, let me explain.
Only till recently have I come across Linda Howard and decided to try one book. This time I made some inquiries and went for a book that was not part of a series, and one that would drive me to read. I found that book in Cry No More. This was a book that I didn’t want to put down. From the very start of the first page to the last I was hooked.
Asian friendship is considered to be a form of respect.
I did buy a dress for formal from ModCloth, shockingly, it’s not black. Do you like the dresses I picked out on ModCloth? Don’t be afraid to share your LBD purchases here on my blog. If you find a great deal at the Cabin Fever Sale let me know.
by Jo Posselt, VP, Marketing & Development, Executive Service Corps
I could easily explain the polite demeanor of Congolese kids: Congolese parents would beat the shit out of their kids for impoliteness. But I couldn’t explain her two other observations.
And the lucky girls, Chloe Thiel, Anita Munro and Xanthe Dunning, couldn't be more excited for opening night.
Until then, buying others’ books in this way is my guilty pleasure.
1.) Your PC tells a MindFlayer that he wants to give it a ‘peice of his mind’.
It may all sound very crude. But that's the way this team won during the regular season. And now the playoffs demand more. Any real analysis at this point is really pointless. We spent a whole season doing that. The playoffs simplify things for us. It's all about Henrik now; Defense; our fore check; and scoring on the power play. Period.
Orange juice: 1/4 cup
“Sal, I didn’t want, well you know.” I said.
But she’s 14 and I now realize it was hallucinatory and irrational to think she’d treat me similarly & be happy to see me. Instead she began screaming
After the beach we went to Centennial Park for lunch where I had a delicious goat cheese, beetroot and lentil salad served with watercress, which really was very healthy and very band friendly. I wish I got a photo. It was so good.
Last, and perhaps most listenable (well, you'll listen to it at least once), is a later effort from The Korn Kobblers, late enough that it's actually credited to Stanley Fritts And The Korn Kobblers. I'm not sure exactly when that happened, but this is the only record I've seen where they're listed as his sidemen. The Korn Kobblers where similar to Spike Jones in many ways, but not nearly so popular. You'll get all sorts of sounds in here, including a bit of Donald Duck. And how can you go wrong with a polka? This is Stanley Fritts And The Korn Kobblers-Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer b/w Santa Claus Polka (MGM 7" 45 RPM K60005, Mono, 1950). Enjoy!
And lastly, ready to bring a HUGE smile to the special ladies in the lives of your little sweeties?
Velvet cockade brooch: Morrigan NYC
More recently we have the alleged plotters relating to assassination attempts on Mr Putin basing themselves in Odessa. Irrespective of whether Mr Putin was the target or whether what happened here was spun to his advantage during his electioneering, one Russian and two Chechen’s did manage to blow up an apartment in Odessa with a home made IED.
Instead of simply walking away, my devious side reared its head and I need to do some more digging or rather jump even further in the rabbit hole.
It is morally wrong to share the inheritance of our descendants with foreigners as the rulers are doing for their own short-term gains through cheap labour. In our everyday lives Ethics are what we do, how we act.
Enjoy both … don’t get addicted to one.
For Robin, multi-sports has really meant hours and hours of football played with boys older than himself. ‘Mikey said I’m the best mini-kid at sports,’ Robin reported one of the teenage helpers telling him. At home, before and after camp hours, Robin has been in the garden with a football, practising keepy-uppies (personal best: 3) or playing with me and..
Pour sauce over chicken and bake at 350 for 30 minutes.
For me, this was one of the most difficult areas to save money. A good photographer was definitely a priority for the wedding, but a good photographer doesn’t come cheap. I understand why. Taking wedding pictures is physically demanding, and the hours are long. Not to mention, the equipment, editing software, and travel expenses add up and the cost is carried over to the clients. So, I think a skilled photographer has every right to charge as much as they do (I know some people will disagree with that statement). The average well-established photographer in this area ranges between $2000-$2500, which is too much for my budget.
I hurried off to the bus with my new shells, because I couldn't wait till I got home to gawk at them :) They were SO pretty :) I stayed and chatted with the girls for a while, and Kari, just because she hadn't heard from the Hockey people in a while, called the YMCA to ask about Hockey.
The experience has left me with many questions, and now, feeling much better, I look forward to discovering the answers to them.
“Did I love Gina?
The approved plans still need the approval of EU ministers at a forthcoming meeting. Once approved, the commission will begin to draft formal laws for the new system.
Perfect Chemistry is definitely more than just a romance novel. It focuses on not only the coming together of a bad boy Romeo and a princessy Juliet, but also of choices, and carving one's path and of change.
Too busy.
Hey Sarah. Thanks for taking the time out to talk to me about your new film, ‘The Artist’.
These numbers are another warning sign that Congressional Democrats need to get some things accomplished to keep the base on board. Their numbers aren't declining because of unhappiness from conservatives- that ship sailed a long time ago. It's because Democrats and Democratic leaning independents are getting frustrated at the slow rate of progress on key issues they care about.
Next, he flipped around my saddle. I thought he was gonna make me ride on my saddle with it backwards (he he). He had just re-positioned the seat-post so that the saddle could then slide more forward and I wouldn’t be so stretched out while reaching for my handlebars/aerobars. The next big adjustment came from dropping my handlebars about a full inch. I got back on my bike and WOW, I could feel how my arms were lower but my hips had more space. It didn’t feel like my quads were banging into my stomach like it usually does.
"Just keep your hands and face away from his mouth" - it can't be over stated the liberating effect Blutarsky had on the masculine psyche when Animal house was first released upon the world in 1978. Here was where the wild man had gone all this time! After losing him when Quint died in Jaws, we finally re-found him in some ratty frat house, catching hurled bottles of beer like a Zen boozehound amok in the forest. We learn at the end he went on to become a senator, which made us, at last, optimistic for America's future.
So, now, I'm back, recovering (although it was not super wild, me partying with a new mom and a five-month-old pregnant lady) and working. I'm sort of bemused at Obama's election; I find it difficult to reconcile my loser Democrat self with actually WINNING for a change. It's strange; like breaking in a new pair of shoes.
I had some really cool skull fabric that my mom had given me and paired it up with pink polka dots and black and white polka dots to make one that fits her personality!
Six investigations from Capece in his first solo recording (hard to believe, but apparently true). I do often think of Capece as an investigator, someone who, with great seriousness, plumbs his arsenal relentlessly, searching out previously undiscovered aspects and, importantly, framing them within a compelling, absorbing context. He certainly does so here.
question often is, do you use one for the next -to-last item or not? As in,
Then the phone rang again… and again. Another wants to join, then another pair. When it got to the point where I started turning people away, I was met with sad voices and disappointment. I gotta make it work. So in a panic, I start clearing the dining room. If I can find a place for this table… Ultimately, the dining room and living room are cleared of all unnecessary furniture. At this point, I’m thinking we can squeeze 15. I can always sit in the kitchen or even just lie on the bed and listen from the other room.
Anyone who has the time, the energy, the expertise and the will to offer their services as volunteer is already doing so. Which of the voluntary tasks they were undertaking would Keith Mitchell like them to stop doing in order to run libraries? Pullman spoke about "the greedy ghost of market fundamentalism" that does not understand anything that doesn't work for profit, including libraries.
one pair among ten million trampling past
E-books have brought new challenges to everyone in the world of publishing. But as well as the fears that all of us must have, if we approach the situation in the right way, it has also opened up new possibilities. The 'right way' will be different for all of us. It might mean having a publisher who is forward-thinking, proactive and creative enough to thoroughly embrace e-books without deserting the world of paper and bookshops. A tricky balance.
I had no idea how this was going to go. After all, I ran 18 miles the day before. (Although I ran my 8K PR last summer the day after an 18-miler.) I was prepared to be happy with anything under 45 minutes.
Cardstock: Bazzill
It's pretty in it's original gold but it could also be beautiful in white!
Especially when the next game I played was against a child in China. I felt like a bully AND inadequate at the same time.
For years this young man has masked his confusion with a broad smile, countering any irritation that might arise at his lack of understanding with a strong work ethic and a friendly demeanour.
Those findings are part of a long-awaited evaluation of Title III—the section of the NCLB law that authorizes federal aid to states and local school districts for English-language-acquisition programs. They provide the most comprehensive picture to date of the overall academic progress of the nation’s 5.5 million English-language learners, the fastest-growing subgroup of students in America’s public schools. The Title III study was conducted by researchers at the Washington-based American Institutes for Research and released today by the U.S. Department of Education.
But in the accusation that the Davison era is a soap there’s an interesting secondary narrative going on. The usual story is that Nathan-Turner changed to a model of continuity fetishism. And he did, yes. Absolutely. But the idea that he did this entirely to appeal to a cult science fiction audience is not quite fair. Had Doctor Who simply moved to a weekday slot and aired one episode a week it would look like any other cult science fiction show. But it didn’t. It aired twice weekly. And that suggests something entirely different.
Un'oscuro quartetto di voci jazz che ci propone un vecchissimo spot del dentifricio Signal. Più che un buon pezzo, direi una curiosità da non far morire nel dimenticatoio. Ascoltatelo QUI
And offbeat.
4. 1 tablespoon black pepper.
Bohemians 3/1 (Bet365); Draw 9/4 (Betfred); St. Patrick’s Athletic 6/5 (Boylesports)
1 box Israeli couscous (1 1/3 cup), cooked according to package instructions
But he added that Mr Annan must also get a commitment from armed groups to cease their ‘terrorist acts’ against the government.
The most powerful chambering that is commonly carried for self defense in revolvers is .357 magnum. Very heavy, very hot hunting rounds can be had with bullets up to 180gr and at velocities of up to 1500fps, for muzzle energies well over 800ftlbs; but that would be VERY hot ammo, and not safe for firing in most normal guns. The most powerful loads people would actually carry, are somewhere around 160gr at around 1500fps, for around 800ftlbs.
In case you’re wondering, yes, this goes out to some of the the guys I know, we tend to disagree on many things. I stopped believing in playing relationships and dating games. Like many of the women that I know, I’m very upfront, my memory is pretty awesome and I tend not to forget things that easily, it’s those Omega 369 I tell you. They say they’re good for the brain, perhaps that’s why my memory remains in tact.
He staggered through the bar and pulled the door open, pausing as a subtle draft carried in the sands of a far away desert.
Medina Park is a little cramped and required multiple laps to get the miles in but Tot likes it there because of the ducks. He is NOT a retriever but he is a chaser.
It doesn't help that today the kids had the day off of school. I had what I thought were very modest expectations for the day: take the van in to get the remote locks fixed, clear the junk pile off my computer desk and maybe make sandwiches for lunch. I somehow got sucked into several of loads of laundry, dealing with a temper tantrum and transferring CDs to my computer and several other things.
Patent examination has the one-hand rule.
There will be an interesting relationship between minimum price, duty and production cost, the precise implications of which are rather difficult to even guess at, and which may vary each time the duty escalator is applied.
Q: What’s a swimmer to do if he finds himself without a pool?
"Instead of bringing all the wrong attention to our brand and country, why not start supporting our ambassador, building her up and praying that she impacts the world with her story?
from the bride's side of the family stand up please?'
Students love "tricks" like this, but I always burst their bubble by telling them mathematicians are astute people. That's why they are always looking for faster, quicker, and smarter ways to do math!
Another alas.
Deluxe Edition (Explicit) – Digital & Physical – 17 tracks
So what is freedom by choice? I am looking at the choice of the individuals when it comes to personal freedom, free to live with their family, friends and the community. In corruption for instance, mostly part of white collar crimes people choose to exchange their freedom with instant benefits. Coupled with position of power and loose policies, one party will be demanding them while the other party is desperate seeking what is rightfully theirs. The result is corruption, ranging for the right to sand mining, right to government contracts and many more. Those people in power, in bright day light rob the powerless ones; forcing them to abide their rules (self made sometimes) and forcing them to pay for favours. From their justification, it is fair and from the powerless it could be a small fortune for a big favour.
A sticker of the Masquerade cover
So, what do you guys think? Do I look like Duff Goldman from Ace of Cakes?
Where was I? Oh. Lots of very short shorts. Lots of big hair. Piercings! And tattoos! At a country music concert! I didn't think tats and piercings had gone country!
“So when you were a kid you were living right near your own family property, but you didn’t even know it was yours?” said Chris.
Absolutely! Nancy Drew was my favorite. I couldn’t wait to go to the library and check out as many as I could. The Berenstein Bears, Cinderella, The Box Car Children and Mary Higgins Clark, Daddy’s Little Girl. It was after reading her book I wrote my first one. I wanted to be just like her. I remembered how I had felt reading her story and I wanted mine to make others feel that same way. Of course the Babysitters Club. I can assure you that had Harry Potter been around when I was a kid, it would have been my favorite series.
Normally at this time of year we would be stuck inside, hiding from the rain stoting against the pavement. This year everything is crisp and fresh.
What you have:
More posts to come in the near future! Hope you have a splendid day!
You are a child of God.
Next season the ENL 1 North will be in for a tough season as the development teams in Telford, Nottingham, Manchester and Coventry are once again joined by the topsides of Billingham, Blackburn and Whitley Bay as well as this season’s undefeated ENL 2 North Solway Sharks. Whilst it will be a very tough ask for the Stars to repeat their double next season the fans will be in for a real treat as there will be any number of teams challenging for top honours in the ENL.
*While making the Abraham Lincoln tour in Springfield on Friday, Julia spilled her pretzel fish in her carseat. Dramatic me let out a lecture to her about how I had just vacuumed out the car earlier in the week and how it is stuff like spilled pretzel fish and all the salt that comes with it that just kills me. Her response?? "Don't worry Mommy, I'll lick it up for you!" Blecccch! How do you respond to that without laughing?? I sent her on her way with her Uncle and cleaned it up quickly leaving a treat for the birds, so she wouldn't have to fulfill her promise!
Ezekiel 23:20 I replied, giving her lovely flat chest a healthy amount of attention before I walked off.
However the need to have this bodywork forming the floor has been exploited and the splitter now forms aerodynamic and chassis functions of its own. As the term suggests the splitter separates the airflow passing under the raised nose between that which passes above and below the floor, equally its boats ‘bow’ shape above where it meets the monocoque also splits the airflow passing over the floor between left to right. Air then spills off the upper surface of the splitter and some of this will make its way under the floor and towards the splitter, thus the teams make use of this powerful flow to alter the pressure distribution across the underfloor to further improve airflow through the diffuser. allied to the fences, vortex generators and previously bargeboards, the splitter forms a critical role in the onset flow for the diffuser.
Jonsi: Valtari is basically that. A couple of the songs are even older than that. We recorded some of the choir segments in London maybe five or six years ago. At the time there was even talk of us maybe putting an album consisting entirely of choir music. We started recording those two songs ('Dauoalogn' and 'Varoeldur') and then we decided to slow everything down. A year later we started something else and then we began recycling a lot of our old music and added strings to it, which was cool but not inspiring so we shelved that also. The process has been quite scatterbrained and all over the place, quite confusing even. A few months ago we were listening back to all this material with our manager and he told us to release it and I guess looking back, we did put a lot of time and energy into making those songs so it would be a shame for it to go unheard. The last song on the album 'Fjogur Piano' was another recycled loop from some of our old material. We had this really deep concept that was almost like waiting in a parking lot outside the studio in a car. Kjartan (Sveinsson) went down into the swimming pool and recorded his piano part and turned into a loop so that when we put all the parts together you couldn't hear what the rest of us played but it all fitted so that's where the "four pianos" comes from.
Some people go bird watching. No comment.
“There has, as we all know, been a tremendous upsurge in cycling and cycling shops. This summer the roads will be thick with bicycles. These cyclists are throwing themselves onto some of the most congested spaces in the world. They leap onto a vehicle which offers them no protection except a padded plastic hat.
For a first pair I've used some hammered sterling and a pair of my glass beads with two blue birds.
This morning, our dear young friend is undergoing major surgery in Montreal, a full spinal fusion, from the sacrum up. It will take up to 8 hours. My mind will be on that at times throughout the day.
I'll be back tomorrow to share some more of my recent makes (I just managed to send this month's five ATCs off in time!) and to reveal the items that I have chosen from the Travelling Craft Box swop which arrived with me last week!
The next reason for the surge in business development is that it touches almost all aspects of the organization. Business development professionals must have strong and trusting relationships with their fellow employees. The ability to work together with marketing, operations, lending, and member service employees is vital to the success of the business development program.
Naked among them, like a savage source.
Parables are interpreted as parables, symbols as symbols, poetry as poetry, didactic literature as didactic literature, historical narrative as historical narrative, occasional letters as occasional letters. That principle of literal interpretation is the same principle we use to interpret any written source responsibly.
I noticed last week, that Sam Adams has began running its TV ads for their new spring seasonal—an unfiltered Helles. Jim Koch and the boys in Boston may be getting a jump start on spring, but here in Albany it's still January. While it's been a mild winter this year, every now and again, Old Man Winter rears his ugly head, and out come the long johns and snow shovels. In that spirit, I thought I'd take a look at few American craft beers brewed in locations known their chilly temps.
Not if I had been there for her. To protect her.
Sound familiar? Now of course, nobody would’ve dared hope in August 2002 that we’d have a 3-time all-american defensive end in our midst. Could that be the case in 2009? (Answer: No.) At defensive end it’s impossible to overlook the history of Pollock, Will Thompson, Robert Geathers, et al, and equally impossible to overlook last year’s dismal performance at the position. In 2002 DE was a big question, but not as big as this year. August 2002 vs. August 2009 comparison: 2002, comfortably.
YOUR SIZE: _____
Our compost heap this morning. Hanno has moved the brown compost to the left side so he can start another heap with the new grass clippings.
Blogger is not letting me comment at the moment ( v.frustrating ) so I can't let you lovelies know but if you see this and want to join in that's great . If not I COMPLETELY understand .
How 'bout you? Are you planning any projects this weekend or will it be no work and all play?
Douglas Adams was my age when he unexpectedly collapsed on that treadmill (surely a symbol in direct opposition to everything he stood for). Joe Strummer had just turned 50 when a heart condition that could have taken him at pretty much any point in his previous life finally called time. I’m clearly at a dangerous age for a man, an age men die or make stupid choices or both.
Jesus answered them, is it not written in your law, I said, Ye are gods?
Well, happy day dreaming.
Wheat (Triticum sativum) is the world’s most important grain crop, serving as a natural food source for much of the world’s population. The wheat grain is easily refined to raw foods such as flour, which can be used in countless recipes.
*) Details:
I would remember the days I had dad by my side and then one night, out of the blue I began to think about running a marathon again.
and engaging process that he undertook. I have a vivid memory of him pacing back
China’s universities graduate more than 10,000 science PhDs each year, and increasing numbers of Chinese scientists working overseas are returning home. Multinationals in particular are struggling to tap this inflow of researchers and managers. A recent survey by the executive-recruiting firm Heidrick & Struggles found that 77 percent of the senior executives from multinational companies responding say they have difficulty attracting managers in China, while 91 percent regard employee turnover as their top talent challenge.
pretty dahlias in a row
In a state that has for so long relied on its manufacturing industry, layoffs have unfortunately become common. Many workers who thought they would have secure employment for as long as they wanted it are finding themselves in the job-seeking world — expanding the ranks of the older job-seeker. An added challenge is that their skill sets may not mesh with the types of jobs employers are looking to fill.
You shall be entitled to 30% of the total funds while the rest will be given to me on arrival in your country for the up keeping of my only son and for further investment under your kind control there in your country as I can not be able to do any investment here in West Africa due to the origin of the said fund.
So yesterday I went for a run after work. Well initially I went to the gym thinking about how I had forgotten my earmuffs and was resigning myself to the fact that I was going to run on the treadmill for about 25 minutes and be bored. When I arrived at the gym all of the good treadmills were in use. We have newer ones with LCD displays and old ones with like red dot displays, I hate the old ones.
Chicken Taco soup (frozen corn)
4) Seasoned statesman is told "the party doesn't want you anymore."
As previously announced, The Smurfs™ will be available in Blu-ray 3D™, DVD, digital, and a limited edition 3-Disc Holiday Gift Set which includes The Smurfs™: A Christmas Carol DVD, an all-new mini-movie exclusive to the Gift Set, and starring the Smurfs™. Based on the timeless holiday classic, The Smurfs™: A Christmas Carol is available for a limited time only.
3) There is Gospel in the editing.
Well there you have it. Again I apologize for the quality
I love doing "beachy" layouts... I think they are my fave! Does anyone have a favourite "theme" of layout?
Drinkability - This beer is very drinkable but I think there maybe a little too much raspberry. I think the beer may have been better served being a brown ale with hints of raspberry rather then a raspberry beer with brown ale characteristics.
running around the yard in those cheap summer flippies!
Both products have made my skin nice and soft. I really like them. Then again, it’s Aveeno. I mean I’ve never tried an Aveeno product that I didn’t like. I use Aveeno regularly on my legs because of it’s moisturizing benefits. Thanks Aveeno and Lucky!
I’m a child of Y2K. Remember that? The big scare that computers everywhere were going to shut down because they couldn’t figure out how to change a date? I remember it being a huge let-down when the lights stayed on, the computer still worked giving me no excuse for an unfinished paper, and the grocery stores continued operations and we never got to live off of the copious amounts of rice that my mom stored in nifty containers in the basement.
-THE PIPER'S SON Melina Marchetta -- honest, beautiful portrayal of a twenties-something guy. Marchetta's Piper's Son is great for those clamouring for "New Adult" as well as boy books. It is mature, and beautiful.
Maybe part of why I’m comfortable in Poland is that its difficult aspects just remind me of my hometown, which was recently determined to be the sixth poorest in all of America. Have you seen America? It’s freaking huge. Hence that’s quite an accomplishment, let me put it that way. So not much in Poland comes as a shock. The bigger cities are great destinations and I’m not sure why they haven’t really caught on for visitors. The people are for the most part exceptionally kind and everything is ridiculously cheap. So cheap that you sometimes feel guilty, and like you should be offering them more money. At least now while they’re not on the euro yet. I doubt their switchover will be like Germany’s and go 1:1, which would be disaster extraordinaire for an already struggling country, but still it probably won’t be so magically cheap very soon. Go quickly now! Don’t be scared off by the language which is indeed complicated and never seems to include enough vowels.
The WEDNESDAYS WORDS column is a new blog feature, appearing (you guessed it!) every Wednesday. Come back next week to see which books make the list!
Thus, when Markowitz said, “Whatever we build, we have to maximize affordability,” he was papering over a significant lapse on the part of planners, elected officials, and watchdogs, as the New York Observer pointed out in May 2006. The 2004 Downtown Brooklyn rezoning was sold as an effort to increase office space, but it became more attractive to build housing, and mandatory affordable housing was not part of the trade-off.
Mike Peter Smith’s work at Bodybuilder & Sportsman is good, but there is too much of it. It became tons of models and toys, like a display of someone really good at making dioramas, but not curating. About half as much as what is up, should be up. Then you could focus more on each individual object instead of feeling crowded in. Each individual object, by the way, is skillfully rendered perfection. Humans like in tiny space homes carved out of asteroids, with every detail of such a life lovingly accounted for. In another sculpture we see from one side all the seams, glue and Styrofoam, from the other, the ravine and the pickup truck that’s careened down it.
As you know, I've been wanting to learn about bookbinding (reliure in French) for ages now, and I managed to meet a professional bookbinder who offers classes in Paris with whom I was supposed to do a stage, or workshop, with in October. So imagine my total shock when I got in touch with her in September and she had apparently forgotten about me and given away my place. It wasn't the end of the world, as I could always wait until the next one in February, but I was bitterly disappointed.
Have a fab Saturday!
Scoring tool
I couldn't help but laugh. It was just so ridiculous. I looked back to see if anyone had witnessed this rather fabulous incident and there was a young couple sitting on the grass, watching frozen and rather alarmed. I smiled, waved, turned my back on them and started laughing rather hysterically at the picture I must have presented to them.
I just love the impact that these few, and usually FREE touches make!
There are two restrictions to Burning Luck that I would add, however. First, burning luck cannot be used to prevent a fumble or a natural roll of a '3' on 2D6 (or a 3 and a non-double 4 in 5th edition). A 3 always fails, period. Second, Luck may not be burned to less than 3. After all, an adventurer needs some luck just to survive from day to day. With a Luck less than 3 a character is certain to be struck by lightning, fall in a pit, hit by a meteorite, or all three at the same time.
The caster can project their senses from their body in a floating, invisible and intangible "sensor". The sensor fly at 6" a round with a Climb of -2 and may freely pass through solid objects (although some magical barriers may stop it). The caster can see and hear everything around the sensor as though they were there. This requires constant concentration (taking an action every round) and the caster is at a -4 penalty to Notice rolls to sense his immediate surroundings but still has his sense of touch and any pain or significant injury immediately ends the power.
We’re back to Santa’s workshop today. We’ve got priming to do on the dollhouse and the stepstools for Lyndee and Laycee. Jim’s got windows to cut out, too. So we’ll be busy out there most of the day. And eventually we have to work on the wooden valance for the dining room…I would like that done before the 20th – our Thanksgiving dinner. And I need to clean the rugs…got Ami’s carpet cleaner again so I better get it done this time.
Fitzpatrick argues that the migration decision was a family one, but my research suggests this may not always have been so. Wills tend to indicate that at least some emigrants went where they thought it would suit them best. The decision by some emigrants to come to Australia even though other family members had already emigrated to America suggests they were clear about what opportunities they wanted to pursue.
If I have anything unusual or particularly seasonal to share I will post it here.
Kula Shaker Tattva UK
I am on sites, as I said before, to build up a portfolio, and some have served me well. I USE them to expand and broaden my social media profile (wow, another MUST today!!!), next thing you know, I'll be doing nothing else... no more photography lol.
Heat a large skillet over medium high heat and add the oil. Add the mushrooms and cook until brown on both sides. Add the onions, bell pepper and garlic stirring to combine and cook tossing all while until vegetables are heated and crisp tender. Remove vegetables to a large warm bowl and keep warm.
3. Subscribe to The Daily Post so that you don’t miss out on weekly challenge announcements. Sign up via the email subscription link in the sidebar or RSS.
She moved her body to prove herself; the prince saw the tip of her fish tail, silver white and dazzling.
DeAnna is one of Bride Chic's loyal readers. Planning her wedding throughout the year, she shared a lot with us all via her blog, Dee's Adventures. With a mid-winter wedding about a week off, I do remember up until the last thinking about her a great deal and sending prayers her way when the East Coast experienced one of the worst winters ever.
Ceremony – St. Josephs, West Liberty Iowa
to curl and weep
I had a friend at school whose brother murdered someone. I worked with a man whose mother had a sex-change operation and became Dennis instead of Denise. There was the family I read about in the newspaper who ran a jewel smuggling operation with their neighbours none the wiser till the son got caught at customs with diamonds in his boxer shorts.
A good night can often can turn into an impromptu pub crawl and planned pub crawls can in turn be mundane tick box exercises; dictated more by the proximity of the first to the second to the third pub. With this in mind Captain English and I set out on our Easter Crawl knowing only the starting point: The Grosvenor, Stockwell.
One cup dried will result in approximately two and half cups cooked, which is a bit more than a 19 oz. once you drain off the liquid. So you end up getting more for less than half the price. Makes sense to me!
Message: O Lord, Thou hast decided to test the quality of our faith and to pass our sincerity on Thy touch stone. Grant that we come out greater and purer from the ordeal. – The Mother
May 5 (Saturday) - Shimmyshowcase presents a special Saturday evening program as Viento y Agua goes back to the Victorian era with Saviya presenting a Vaudvillian/Victorian inspired belly dancing program with guest dancers Anastasia, Rebekah, Belly Muñeca, Bella, and fellow Showcase coordinator Draca. Our very special guest artist and friend DeAnna Cameron, inspiration for this showcase, will read from her latest vaudeville-themed novel set in the Victorian era and will be autographing copies of her new book during the break where you may be further entertained by a surprise roving musician! We encourage everyone—guests and performers--to set the mood by wearing Victorian (including steampunk) costumes. Prizes will be awarded for the best ones! This special Saturday Shimmyshowcase will begin around 7:00 pm on May 5. If you love belly dance, vaudeville, or just dressing in Victorian/steam punk attire, mark your calendars now so you can join us for this blast from the past!
Ray White - Norfolk Tars
Yvonne Osborn
Watercolor on watercolor paper, about 8"x12".
-Throw a big summer solstice party (possible when the dance is performed?)
theres a huge lack of that here where I live.
Ok Now its your turn, so drag out all your Red White and Blue goodies and come join us.. We always look forward to seeing your take on the challenges.. Thanks and Good luck from all of us here at KKKG..
Ennio Morricone Once upon a time in the west I
When my former spouse first went to jail, I received mail guidelines from his attorney. I followed them strictly, including writing “legal mail” on the outside of the envelope as the guidelines I’d received had instructed. I assumed I had to do that to show I was a law abiding citizen sending nothing illegal to a prisoner in jail!
Today we began a Saturday morning session that will last through March. We have our four girls and a few other children joining us. I am super excited because we have a small group of refugee children from Burma. They are older than I had first thought, middle and high school, but was I pleased they could be a part regardless.
4) 17 Purdue Boilermakers (29-5, 10-2) @ Nebraska Cornhuskers (25-13, 7-5), Haymarket Park @ Hawks Field/Lincoln, NE
Modifications.....left out purl ridges in main body and sleeves, added four rows of reverse stocking stitch to neckline, used a purl cast off at sleeves and lower body to give a rolled edge finish. No buttons. I'll never wear it buttoned up so I'm not going to rush off to look for buttons. If some come along one day, that's fine.
A Mother's Heart is a
As I am leaving - I feel like I'm being called away to be with God this weekend. For sure in my time in the car. I begin with prayer and listening to some worshipful music, I listen to the Bible, I pray.
1383 ***D-V/1/2001. “My How Times Have Changed.” Response to an Award from the West Suburban Bar Association, Riverside, Illinois. Presented by Marijane F. Placek and Francis D. Wolfe, Jr. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Appendix 7.)
I've wanted a little black purse to use for date nights for a while, but I hate spending the money on something used so infrequently. I buy a new purse about once every 4 years, so I thought I'd try upgrading something I already had!
Back we went to the Lady Gaga dream dressing room. The silver dress was surrounded by an array of fabulously crafted, jewel encrusted gowns and bodices in every colour imaginable. We were asked to select a corset-style top; I went for blue but was daunted by the size. I don’t think I had a waist that small for my real communion, and I’ve little hope of having it for my fake wedding.
Should you be like girls, you should enjoy your appear and feel involving legitimate replica monogram empreinte. The addition as being a Luis Vuitton is a marvellous supplement for a closet. It can be the unique indicator involving class, cultural reputation along with identification. In fact, Louis Vuitton will be the double in the makes inside manner sector. For the majority of girls, a new Louis Vuitton is not only just a new ladies handbag, it does not take supreme manner affirmation and yes it presents a new aspiration becoming reality.
MUST WE AGE? A long life in a healthy, vigorous, youthful body has always been one of humanity’s greatest dreams. Recent progress in genetic manipulations and calorie-restricted diets in laboratory animals hold forth the promise that someday science will enable us to exert total control over our own biological aging. Nearly all scientists who study the biology of aging agree that we will someday be able to substantially slow down the aging process, extending our productive, youthful lives.
In response, her co-host Brian Kilmeade quizzically queried, “You don’t like beer at all?” Rolling her eyes at him peevishly, Gretchen replied, “You, how many years have you known me?” Defensively, Brian stammered, “Well, I, but I mean, do you, I know you like one but you don’t like beer? I didn’t know you had a dislike of, of beer.”
And we face time'd earlier and he told me what great of a time he was having.
Ohhhh, I'm so tired...... After a week of crazy long rehearsals, and then two shows, I'm wiped out. But life never stops. Even when you're downright exhausted the world keeps turning. So much is happening!
Enders G, Nickerl-Pacher U, Miller E, Cradock-Watson JE. Outcome of confirmed periconceptional maternal rubella. Lancet 1988; i: 1445-1447.
Distant shouts and shifting soil sent pangs of panic through the party as injured were tended and wounds were mended in the aftermath of the first assault; several wands were left smoking sticks while Brother Vang was roused and an assessment of the battlefield was made. Briefly, there was discussion about attempting to reposition or even to leave the field–but Thane Fenris and his men had no intention of departing, so swiftly the party began to prepare for another wave. Gathering round, steins and tankards were hoisted high before the group set about the task at hand.
Reefer Madness wasn't quite what I expected - for some reason I thought it would have more of a documentary type feel - but Mike Nelson and co. made for an enjoyable funny evening. Otherwise I think this film would be interesting as a time capsule type of thing, but I don't think it's anything I would watch again.
Each group of prisoners was required to use literally one minute to wash and any delay would lead to serious beatings.
SACWIS
-Zest lemon, using one of those zesters that makes long strips if you have one. If not, no biggie. Use a grater. See if I care.
-Russ & Elena H.
Or…..we can just continue along the current path, promote another credit boom, reduce workers rights and set ourselves up for another big crisis in a few years time.
Spoil was also free in the UK for 3 weeks. It came off free yesterday in the early afternoon (early evening UK time). Before the end of the day, it had sold 12 copies.
1c. fresh cilantr
Causes for it becoming more popular will be:
-last couple of months a great amount of people was hired and now they have nothing to do with them.
Draven and I do NOT. understand. why Nintendo has released Pikmin 2 in Japan but, not in North America. We are thinking of starting a petition. This is how serious we take video games at our house.
I thought of how the makers of hideous clothing would see a sudden jump in profits. How her sons and daughters would soon be festooned with more gold chains than Mr. T when he was winning big at “Pretty Pretty Princess”. The gold on their necks nearly blinding oncoming traffic as they drove past us in the Mercedes SUV’s which they had spared no expense having converted into bling-tastic monster trucks.
In many ways, this is what frustrated our enemies. The Soviet system was pure “top down.” The commanders at the smallest levels did not have transmitters in their combat vehicles; they could only receive. We wanted sergeant’s and corporal’s to input and respond. We wanted to have a pool system; “tell me what you’re seeing up front?” To take independent action, but it was very difficult because you had to create a culture and an understanding of where we were heading. Everybody knew where we were heading and what we wanted to do.
The thing is, her child, Willow, was born five years ago, and even if she’d known ahead of time about the genetic disorder, she’d never have aborted the child. She’s suing because she wants to secure a better future for Willow, one where they won’t have to struggle to make ends meet paying for Willow’s surgeries and hospital bills because of her breaks and fractures.
Fairfield, NJ 07004
you & I?
Free WiFi via The Cloud is also available at the Whitcombe.
Attempts to reach Smith’s ex-wife were not successful, but her father told The Associated Press that she doesn’t want to talk about it.
Total Fat 0g0%
* 04 – Contact websites that you think we should be posted on – the extra views always help!
Instead, industry executives with responsibility for technology and regulatory strategies said their companies are focusing on steady improvement of the efficiency of cars fueled by gasoline and diesel as they aim to comply with the administration's proposal to require that auto makers' new car and truck fleets average 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025, roughly double the average mileage of the fleet sold in 2010.
But Noel’s eponymous album was a pleasant surprise, his voice much stronger than anyone could have imagined over a selection of sprightly tunes imbued with enough Oasis DNA to satisfy the die-hards.
This is a compelling story of a family's fight for freedom and the things they had to endure to reach that goal. Yes it is a sad story, as most from this era are. But, they do finally find freedom and take the last refugee train to Augsberg, Germany. When they get off the train, there are American Soldiers offering the children chocolate. (hence, the name of the book) This was the children's first taste of freedom.
Saturday Dec 4th 1:00pm-4:00pm
Where gentle hills and sky must meet.
Odendaal, a member of the Gauteng police flying squad, said the occupants of the vehicle refused to identify themselves.
B: I arrived in front of the dormitory. Yo, could you tell me where is door three?
workout: pilates on netflix
Another of those record labels that jump right out at you when you are sifting through piles of Mantovani, Mrs.Mills and Madonna records. Thankfully the songs are as weird and wonderful as the sleeve photo!
Kenny wanted to take Danielle all the way home, but he knew that he could not. If Aryc was convinced that Dani was on his side, then he needed to stay that way. His meetings with her needed to remain discreet and businesslike. Discreet he didn’t mind. It was the businesslike that he had a problem with.
All of this could be resolved if we too passed some legislation. Amending the restrictions on the practice of reserved legal activities so as to permit that practice when the work is being done for free (as is the case with e.g. conveyancing) would solve the problem.
William Nicolas Mancuso, whom is presumed dead, vows to tangle with Russo who he holds responsible for his younger brother's life sentence and to free himself of the unbearable guilt he lives with.
PITCH BLACK.
I learned the word Gezellig some years ago while I was living in Holland. Actually, Littetree was conceived in Holland; Purple and I were living on a yacht in Amsterdam, preparing to sail to Brazil when Littetree came into existence.
All of these items, it turned out, were wrong. Yet police (and Nifong) appear to have accepted Levicy’s word without question. Did that decision reflect official DPD policy in dealing with SANE Nurses (or SANE Nurses-in-training)? If so, it would seem that the policy needs a second look. And why did the police never interview Dr. Manly? Was it because they feared Manly might contradict the testimony of Nurse-in-training Levicy?
Pirates of Blood River (1962)
versions.
They search for Freeway relentlessly, and a lot of stuff happens while they do so, including one animated bit, but it’s just not really all that great. I never once found myself caring about whether they found the damn dog or not, and I didn’t care about what ended up being the case with these couples. And that’s sad, because these actors are amazing, and they have great chemistry with one another and they all do their very best to elevate this material and make it something watchable, but the bummer is that they just can’t make it something decent because that potential’s just not in the material. I just wish these same actors could get together for another film that’s more worth our while. Damn it, Freeway.
When Gordon began to apply this experience with the discipline of history, he realized that the field requires a historian to take the chaos out of real life and, as he says, “create a traceable sequence of events in order to tell that story.”
8.The troupe generally follows Tristan’s decisions. Would you? With whom do you agree with in the story: Tristan? Robard? or Maryam? In a battle whom would you want by your side? Why?
This is advice for the true music festival athlete, those people who LOVE music and truly geek out to the fire hose of music that they swallow during SXSW. The people who love drinking, going full speed for 18 hours a day and thrill in the discovery of new bands, sounds, and the next big thing.
What if brains were all different? Would we be horrified of the images when we compared them to our own? Would orange be green? Would light be dark? Would lanquage be incomprehensible? Would a horse smell like peanuts?
Dialogue: 6,0:09:46.10,0:09:50.70,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,She’s held the top scores in the prefecture in mock exams since middle school, so I’ve seen her name a lot.
I am tyring to find the right time and way to post some highlights from each party.
Agamemnon is a watchdog, a forestay, a pillar. His appearance is like the sight of land to sailors who had given up hope, the dawn after a storm, a stream. His return is like that of an “only-begotten son of a father,” upon whom all the family’s happiness depends. These are certainly metaphorical comparisons, and not to be taken literally. And they are deliberately extravagant. In his response, Agamemnon even objects to the words of her “wide-mouthed, extravagant exclaim” as a deification which will bring upon him the jealous anger of the gods. In this ironic way Aeschylus foreshadows and sets in motion the tragic fate of Agamemnon. Longenecker ignores the context and misses the point. He treats the μονογενες τεκνον πατρι literalistically, as if it were some matter-of-fact statement about Agamemnon’s family.
yesterday i roasted a chicken and used the bones for stock. whenever i do this, i leave the container in the fridge overnight so that the fat rises to the top, solidifies and I can get rid of it. I haven't found a "good' use for plain yellow chicken fat yet...
On this occasion the moon is passing through the densest, central part of the shadow, which has the effect of making the eclipse appear darker.
The spokesman confirmed that the Rangers bulletin after the Ten O’Clock News and Newsnight Rangers had gone ahead as normal last Thursday without any trace of other stories and reassured viewers that this normal service would continue this week.
2 carrots (peeled, sliced one quarter inch thick)
Pick from:
many links to the Aaron Copeland version of it, but this is NOT the version
Thanks for tuning in…..
an individual pizza…
Aherne gives a wistful description of an afternoon at Pickfair toward the end of Douglas Fairbanks and Mary Pickford's marriage. As Aherne's visit wound down, Pickford entered and, spurred by not very much, went to the window, looked out at the garden and spoke "almost tragically of the futility of ambition and the evanescence of fame." Aherne hastens to add that after her career ended, Pickford found great comfort in religion and Buddy Rogers. But he doesn't sound entirely convinced himself, and the Siren found herself thinking Billy Wilder's initial casting instincts were not far off when he approached Pickford about Sunset Boulevard.
Shortly after the Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA) rekindled interest in traditional beers in Great Britain in the 1970s, Jackson began to write more about beer.
With another sip I once again found the distinctively new coffee taste. No milk, no sugar, yet full of flavor. Beyond any cup that I have ever had. Matt reassured me that it was indeed coffee I was drinking. He showed me the process in which he brewed it & explained the variety of coffee with the same foreign words that I tasted. Milk Chocolate, almonds, & oranges.
Here's another one of those "difficult" cards to make, but this time it's not a masculine card. It such a struggle to make a sympathy card because of the emotion involved - there's just no way to turn a few pieces of cardstock and some ink into an expression of what I'm feeling. I can only hope the recipients receive a small measure of comfort that I was thinking of them, and keeping them in my prayers.
10. Kim Dingle, Kim Light Gallery: This has to be my guilty pleasure show of the year. I did not want to like the paintings, all of young girls running amok with large birthday cakes. However, I like that Dingle noticed that so many painters use paint as simply icing these days. I like her ability to just acknowledge that trend and have fun with it. This show was silly, but in a good way. The little girls misbehave in a wanton, joyful way, all future princesses and Sex in the City terrors but currently just cute and childish in a way that matches their age. I don’t want to fail to mention that Dingle is very proficient with paint and these were professional, highly finished works.
Rachel Ray's ubiquitous
I did have to pay to park the car but had I been on foot there would have been no charge. Of course there is nowhere remotely close by for parking at the Dover end of the cliffs. Maybe there is further along but that I don't know. A nominal fee of £3 isn't exorbitant in any case so I was perfectly happy, the facilities provided are good (lovely cakes!), and the cliffs are well maintained.
of people at once. There will be film footage shot in all of these
all i know is that i really like pictures/prints our founding fathers.
Serve a chop alongside greens. Top greens with toasted pasta and drizzle some pesto over everything.
Illegitimate offspring could not inherit titles or entailed property (property that, by law, passed to the next legitimate male heir). Ever. They could inherit unentailed property (property that could be disposed of in any manner), money, or goods by will—as could anybody else.
For years the state of Alaska and an oil rich lobbyist, were used like a personal ATM machine by the good old boys, later coined The Corrupt Bastards Club. You've heard of them. It's the gang of thugs and thieves that included, 11 lawmakers, businessmen, lobbyists and former Senator Ted Stevens. Many were indicted on federal charges and others like Don Young and Ben Stevens are still expected to be. Sarah Palin claimed to have taken on the "good old boys" but the fact is she had nothing to do with their downfall or the investigations.
However, the problem with this virus is that even though it seems pretty harmless, it can really cause widespread damage if it is allowed to. The virus remains inactive as long as it is in a computer that does not include any product which is allowed to target. However, the problem is that this virus comes with its own programmable logic controller root kit, so the main target of the virus can be altered accordingly by people. Hence, it is absolutely crucial to make sure that they prevent their computers from getting their computers infected with such a virus.
After finding yourself a magnetic base, you will only need mod podge and two sheets of pattern paper to make this project. I just purchased Sure Cuts A Lot so I used it to cut a bunch of diamonds, but you can always do this with a ruler and xacto. I penciled on lines to mark the center point and starting laying out the diamonds and glueing them down with mod podge.
6 Jefferson Crescent, Palmerston North
Needless to say I am back at work, and sadly did not finish my Schnibbles Summer Days. I have the blocks finished, but not put together...but I missed today's deadline! Oh well, there is always next month!
Next page, now he’s back in New York. My bolded emphasis.
Q001) If you were to self-analysis your personality?
I would consider this to be the beginner IPA. An excellent way to present the full flavor of hops. This beer has a nice spicy, floral hop aroma with slight malt notes. Heavy hop flavor practically slaps you across the face and can be incredibly shocking no matter the drinker. There is almost no sweetness to balance the earthy tones of the hops. I wouldn’t recommend this for the beginner unless they aren’t satisfied with the more balanced beers.
She remembered every detail. Once I brought it up, she didn’t need any prompting. No leading questions. Nothing. She remembered the night I was talking about, everything we’d talked about. Most of all she remembered the dream – everything I’d told her, as if it had only been days ago rather than years. It had stayed with her as much as it had with me. She said my nightmare had stolen one night’s sleep from me, but dozens from her. She said I would understand one day when I had a child of my own.
Alan, a lawyer by profession, and his wife Susy started up Bikecology in Santa Monica, CA, in 1971. Bikecology (renamed Supergo in 1982) was a retail and mail order business dealing in high-end European bikes, frames and components. It was sold to Performance Bicycles in 2002. Alan did two stints with WSI under contract as a consultant, the first in the late '70s working on the Semi-Pro and Pro Tour models among others and in the early to mid- '80s focusing on the Comp TA, Equipe, Ironman and Accordo models."
- 1 tsp vanilla extract
I am not sure the prime minister understands that he is taking on a sensibility as much as a political platform. Because Britain was never invaded by the Nazis, and never suffered from any of the other versions of 20th-century tyranny, there is an unforgivable frivolity about our dealings with totalitarianism. Dilettante bureaucrats, journalists and intellectuals play with extremists and their ideas with the insouciance of men and women who know that they will never have to suffer the consequences of coping with extremists in power. The best gift the British can give the world in this moment of crisis is to imitate the crowds in North Africa and say enough of all of that. It is time to break away from a shameful past.
You have till Wednesday 11 April at 20.00 BST to enter the challenge.
One grand-prize winner will receive my Perception ARC (signed), some Clarity/Perception bookmarks (signed), the Perception playlist* that I’m not sharing publicly yet (because it’s spoilery), plus a $10 iTunes Gift Card in case you want to buy some of those songs.
- A scene from Noah's POV
Happy Friday lovelies! xo
I woke up so late, that I only had 30minutes to get ready. I had to rush cos Alexis is always here on time.
On top of the winners prize Karen currently has a wonderful free 'Christmas Tree' image you can grab from HERE.
I had a fun run today. It was a fund raiser for the High School track team so lots and lots of teenagers. Warming up on the track, I had the usual funny looks and questions, “Are you racing barefoot??” YUP! Early in the race I got stuck behind about 6 teenage girls running shoulder to shoulder and asked to get through. They happily made room for me, apologizing and being very friendly. As I passed them I hear. "Hey! Look at that!" "Whoa, she isn't wearing shoes!" "She's barefoot!" "AND SHE'S PASSING US!!" Heard lots more whispers punctuated with the word barefoot, always funny. I was hoping for 8 minute mile max, but I’m not fully recovered from the 50 miler 2 weeks ago so I flamed out half way through the race. Once I had walked, my heart wasn’t in it and I slowed down more than I needed too, I would regret that.
For this reason alone, many, myself included supported this volunteer's advice, even if most of it was common sense and some of it totally and utterly misguided and unrealistic.
That evil pours forth in “Mrs. Astor Regrets,” Meryl Gordon’s painstakingly detailed narrative of the events leading to the indictment of Anthony Marshall. Gordon seems to have left no diary unread, no servant unsolicited, no socialite unturned. Her stamina is remarkable. Within the first few pages, she quotes Nancy Reagan, Barbara Walters, both Nancy and Henry Kissinger, Louis Auchincloss, Philippe de Montebello, Vartan Gregorian and Annette de la Renta. If the tabloids are your morning cup of tea, this is your book. Gordon takes us into a world of refined sensibilities: “We had a rule that on walks you could not talk about any subject, only people,” Henry Kissinger says, describing the fun of Christmas holidays at the de la Rentas’ luxurious home in the Dominican Republic. “You could not say a good word about anybody. Brooke lived up to it.”
Thank you for allowing me to give voice to this inner demon I struggle with EVERY DAY. I encourage you, if you haven't already, to go back & read the other "Things I'm Afraid To Tell You" posts, particularly the ones by Ez & Jenna. And if you feel so inclined, write your own! I'm a week late to the party, but I still felt it was an important message to share & I hope some of you will do the same.
sometimes I press too hard. Whatever I break
More from the Scrap Book:
Here's some easy ideas to get you started!
d. Indicating continuous tense: 現在學習呢 at this moment they are still learning.
In other words, Love builds up the human spirit,
And color me shocked when four other classmates showed up! One I hadn't seen since 1983! Again, we chatted as if no time has passed. Some had gotten married and had children but as one friend put it "I still see everyone as kids".
Upon the young land we battled,
Card Recipe
There is some distinction between the shows. the phone call in what I think is the
We’ve talked about our next step on the baby journey being a vasectomy reversal. It’s been nice to get it on with reckless abandon and not have to worry about birth control, but I want a kid. And worst case scenario it doesn’t work and we continue to hook up like dumb teenagers. Not a bad worst case scenario.
Some critics who only enjoyed traditional sounding jazz have blasted the seventies as a waste of time for listening to Miles Davis. They claimed he was just out to make a quick buck off the rock crowd, but what they forgot was that Miles whole career since the forties was always about change, and taking chances. Modern man has long looked at outer space as the final frontier in exploration, for Miles Davis and his jazz rock followers – the fusion era will be regarded as his last great musical journey.
Four nominations from one book! The jury added two titles to this category. I'd guess at Elizabeth Hand and Lavie Tidhar, but I could be completely wrong. I'm reading Gorel now, and it's very good, but haven't read any of the others.
your turn, now. lemme have it.
There are a lot of what I term average grudge holders in the world. I have a dear friend who has a friend she adores. Of her she says, “She’s always been a very good friend to me, but there was the one time in high school where she said something that really hurt me.” High school for her was about 60 years ago. She carries other things around that she’s been unable to forgive, and they have added up, and I can see how they weigh her down.
I don't know several years ago why I was 'chosen' or how many other 'Vine Voices' exist throughout the world but every month I am emailed a list of about a hundred books and some other oddities (such as coffee makers, shavers, scart leads and software bits and bobs) which I disregard. What I look at are the books. They range from cookery books, children's books of all ages, Crime and other genres. They are supposed to reflect my book-buying preferences but very vaguely I have to say. Anyway, I am allowed to choose up to four a month. For free. For this I have to review 80% of the books I am sent. I am very picky what I send for and some months pass without asking for any but it is how I have discovered some gems. So is this advertising hype? Possibly. But The Light Between Oceans was buried within a ten-page long list of other titles with no razzmatazz or bigged-up descriptions. But...um... here I am raving about it. But it;'s hardly an advertising campaign, is it?
Later, I'd find myself writing my own poetry. I configured pieces of my emotions into rough words I might decide to submit to my high school paper, but more often than not would just hide in a notebook under my mattress.
Now for the fun part....
Came to the pond to
In short, no interview with any individual/group is to be taken lightly. You don’t just spend half an hour on the preparation of an interview – this includes doing proper research on the interviewee and the approach you wish to follow. Poor preparation is a sign of lack of respect – and as a professional you will have to bear the consequences thereof.
Oh how I love Goodwill. I think I'm an addict. You would be too if you found brand new children's books that are 1) actually worth reading 2) well-known 3) hardback. Here are some of my recent finds. Have you read them?
With one Lace-weight project done and dusted I’m quickly moving on to the next: Summer Affair by Carol Feller from her eBook Wearable Lace. I’m using Malabrigo Yarn Lace in Emerald Blue, which (supposedly) has 430m in a 50g skein. I cast-on last Monday and my cake currently weighs 39g, which means I have knit 95m in the past week.
Imagine what would happen if every UK citizen insisted on talking to only UK
You probably have one shot with this book. Get it right. Slow down.
I have another guest on Bookersatz today. The very lovely DJ Kirkby has reviewed 'The Black House' by Peter May. You can also find links to a couple of fab Youtube videos over there.
- What would I talk about on this here blog if not for the crazy escapades of a single gal who just wants to meet and date normal guys***
2. Europe isn’t going to change – Western Europe is 1st world and very much developed. That means it won’t change all that much. Going now versus 50 years later, you’ll obviously see differences but it won’t be transformational. Go to Bolivia, Cambodia, Laos or Peru now versus 50 years later? You won’t even recognize it. I can guarantee you that places like Vang Vieng will change dramatically over the next 5-10 years. Even beaches in Thailand that were once pristine and desolate 10-15 years ago are now overrun with resorts and tourists. Looking to check out the Salar de Uyuni, one of the most breathtaking sights in the world? Better go now before the whole place becomes a mine. And what about the Maldives? Get there quickly before it disappears in the ocean. The point is, many parts of our world are developing at a rapid clip and if you want to see them as they are now, you have to go now. You can tour the Louvre when you’re 60. Zip-lining in Ecuador, on the other hand? Not sure about that. Europe can wait.
april 25, source : various
She sat in a corner, her back to the soot-stained wall so she could see both exits. She tested the sticky wooden table; it wobbled. With effort, she could tip it over if someone attempted to trap her, but it was sturdy enough to shield her should she need cover.
After much fussing and practice pinning of the back pleats, I finally cut my fabric. Eeek! That's always the scary part for me. I know I bought plenty of fabric for the gown and I checked my measurements for the back panel and gown skirts multiple times but I'm always afraid of screwing things up when it comes to cutting. It's happened before and I'm sure it's bound to happen again. But for this project, so far so good.
The ocean. The humans, when they had first settled this world, 100,000 years before, named it “The Central Ocean”. It was an ocean surrounded by land. It’s surface covering 45% of the planet. The rest of the surface was land. What amazed the humans was how the planet wasn’t dead. It still had plate tectonics. With mountain ranges running clean through the land, starting East from the East side of the ocean, and ending at the West side of the ocean. The planet had four separately spinning cylinders. Arranged in a stack. Each spinning about a common axis. Each moving slowly in the opposite direction.
He hath more worthy interest to the state
Throughout high school we had a bit of a shifting lineup that swelled
What a long day yesterday was.
I don’t want to argue.
Azazi, had at the South-South Economic Summit on Friday, said the PDP’s brand of politics, especially the way it picked its candidates for elections, was partly responsible for the Boko Haram problem.
Yep - you got it! APPLES
Possible Akido(martial arts)
With kissless nights under Heaven’s moonlit skies,
We did not have Playstations, Nintendo Wii , X-boxes, no video games at all, no 999 channels on SKY, no video/dvd films, or colour TV, no mobile phones, no personal computers, no Internet or Internet chat rooms. We had friends and we went outside and found them!
