Two weeks after her birth, looking to learn more from the Down Syndrome community, the Herringtons went to a local Down syndrome event and were introduced to beautiful Sofia Sanchez who was adopted through Reece’s Rainbow a month prior from Eastern Europe by Hector and Jennifer Sanchez.
Wanda Diaz, 31, of Trenton, was charged with three counts of animal cruelty on April 10, after bringing the severely injured animal to SAVE on Herrontown Road.
It’s a simple-illustrated header with a very clean white background which is in contrast with most of my previous headers which are in darker tone and backdrop to correspond with my blog’s black theme. So, this new header in white captures much more attention, and I would like to highlight the fun of blogging to my blog’s readers through the use of playful font of words and arrangements in the design. Those words scrambled all over in one piece on the right side of the header are all associated to ‘blogging’ that reminds people that ‘blogging’ is more than what it is actually. That whole header kind off represents my mind, full of stuff, which is a bit kinda messed up. But then, there is one huge portion of white empty space in that header that represents part of my mind, of what I see, of what I hear, of what I smell, of what I touch, of what I taste, and in overall, of what I experience, that is being brought out (cleared out) of that header and presented through my posts below. This kind of symbolism sounds great, right? Haha…
Ginger also teaches and speaks across the country. She’s been quoted in Newsweek and the Chicago Sun-Times and has appeared on national venues such as CNN’s Nancy Grace and Court TV’s Catherine Crier Live, as well as Chicago’s top rated talk radio station WLS, Family Life Radio, and Moody Radio’s Midday Connection.
Running can be like that – you start off, not knowing what comes next. Pretty sure you can’t do it, but trusting that your coach wouldn’t DELIBERATELY promise you could do something you couldn’t. And you start out with a lot of trepidation. And little by little, you conquer the seemingly impossible.
Overall, not a terrible read, but not my favorite in the series.
Ask the man they rather awkwardly call “Mr. Ethiquette.”
We have an institution called Cave Mode. As long as there are no clients coming, (we work primarily by phone and email) we turn off our lights except for a lamp, and something about it just helps us focus better.
It had to end.
betsy and i did not have any awkward moments. she was on point. we talked of london and british accents. and her boyfriend across the pond. next thing i know, she is asking her pops to drive her home.
4 to 5 pounds broccoli
The heroine Xylara takes pity on enemy prisoners, defying her brother’s orders to do so. When the enemy leader defeats her brother’s army, the conqueror’s demands are straightforward – Xylara as his slave, in exchange for peace. In order to save her people, she goes. But her “master” Keir isn’t what her brother has told her to expect. He treats her with respect, allowing her to practice her healing arts and make friends. Xylara finds herself drawn to the handsome warrior, as as she begins to see how the firelanders live, she begins to wonder if everything her brother’s told her is a lie…
the perfume of morning
Papers are FIRST EDITION - Boho Chic.
Reader bios (alphabetical):
The PlayStation Vita’s immense power is provided by the 32-bit Quad-core ARM Cortex-A9 MPCore CPU – the same beating heart you’ll find in many other devices including the iPad 2. Graphical grunt is thus supplied by the A9′s defacto GPU of choice, the similarly quad core PowerVR Series5XT SGXMP+ chip.
Fortunately for me, my combing of the UCS website paid off with an internship at Technical Information Publishing Solutions, or TIPS. TIPS is a publishing company in Carrboro. It is less than a mile away from my house, and I had never heard of it. TIPS works with companies to create and edit books. One of the main companies that TIPS works with is W.W. Norton, better known to college students as the creator of Norton anthologies.
5. Dream Curls: This is the best soft curls spray I've found yet. It lets my hair stay wavy, but soft and un-crunchified (remember gel-ed curls of the 90s/early-00s? sad hair time for moi). And all it takes is some spritzing, some scrunching and if you'd like a little blowdry. I personally just let mine air dry.
The nights where even the air conditioning can't cool you down.
Remember this awesomeness??
Only two plants produce the sucrose that humans crave so much: sugar cane and sugar beets. I started thinking about sugar again when my family and I recently went to the small beautiful island of St. John in the U.S. Virgin Islands for my son’s wedding. (There seems to be a wedding theme here.) The island is now mostly a U.S. national park, but you can see the ruins of some of the sugar cane plantations that covered the island after Europeans first settled the island in 1718 and started farming. The Europeans used African and Indian slaves to work the plantations. Raising sugar cane and processing the cane into refined sugar was and still is hard work.
Nothing–nothing–is a substitute for hard work. Look around: How many of your competitors are working as hard as they can?
having heard a word more often—
The other significant shift is the investment in R&D. The Indian IT industry is increasingly spending more to build competence across technology areas that help them compete with the best in the world.
History is festooned with links between Ireland and her exiles and the role of the Irish overseas in developments in Ireland has been at times vital. Cromwell roundly cursed the Irish overseas for their role in his major military setback in Ireland, Clonmel, in 1650.Some of the patriots deported to Australia after 1848 travelled later to Canada and the USA and obviously many families ended up in more than one location (indeed there is a story – presumably apocryphal – that Buffalo Bill was related to the legendary Australian outlaw, Ned Kelly, as a result of two sisters emigrating to different continents).
This card is inspired by the Chevron Chic challenge at Moxie Fab World and a sketch by Lucy Abrams on Lily Pad Cards. I got to play with some Sculpey clay & a mold from Mold Muse and the result is a cute rose that I used for this card. I'll share my hilarious experience on the clay-baking in my next post.
So tonight I wanted to make him something packed with veggies and good stuff, something he will like and eat, and also will be good for him.
Chinese manufacture, but the
This was done quite long ago. which makes me suspect that it was not from sec three. but anyways, this is a real life observation drawing of a lion head and fire crackers. I feel that the rendition of the textures and patterns are quite okay. I do not usually like using charcoal as I feel that it is very troublesome and rather dirty. However, i feel that while the lion head seems rather well done, the fire crackers definitely do not seem to be near realistic. In fact, they seem to be completely out of the composition. If i could do this again, I would not do such a rushed job. I remember having two lessons to do this I think. but I ended up procrastinating it to fill one lesson, thus being very slipshod when i had to draw the firecrackers D:
2059.***E-IX/1/1998. On aerial acrobatics over urban areas. Chicago Sun-Times, p. 22. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-3.)
Extra Entries-
Zuni-fied Dry Brined Roast Turkey (aka The Judy Bird)
BEIJING – A senior Chinese diplomat on Thursday said China, the United States and other countries can still cooperate on the Syria issue, although they hold different stances on a recent UN Security Council draft resolution. It is natural for the five …
Bold and beautiful, the Culinaria line provides an elegant touch of color and long-lasting durability with its three-year chip warranty. The full line-up of colors provide mix and matching opportunities to keep your table fresh and eye-catching all year long.Back by popular demand, Oneida reintroduces Act 1, a chic, stainless steel flatware and serveware collection that is being taken out of retirement and is now available for all customers. With raised geometric bands near the tip and neck along with a high mirror handle, this Art Deco look brings style and function to the table. Available in four unique designs, Chef’s Palette offers a style to suit every mood and entertaining occasion.From new twists on the classic diner experience to modern restaurant quality settings, Chef’s Palette offers distinct collections of chip-resistant, white porcelain pieces that makes everyday entertaining easy.
whose only harvest was a calculated slaughter,
We are kicking off the *New* Kraftin’ Kimmie Stamps May Release today and first off, we’d like to introduce you to a whole new line of stamps!!! We are very excited to share with you our….TRINKETS!!!
Salary Offered: Unspecified
Just got approved for this on Netgalley and I am so excited but also a little sad: this is one of my favourite series and I can't believe it's coming to an end.
Okay, this is getting ridiculous and weird — and for me to say that is something!
The majority feels that it has to decide the question whether the President still has emergency powers; but unable to determine in which of the above cases the issue may properly be decided, it grouped them together. When the eye or the hand is unsure, it is best to shoot at five birds in a group: firing at one after another may mean as many misses.
I would love to know what Disney movies you liked the best. Which Disney character best represents your personality?
7. Just Begun ft. Jay Electronica, J. Cole, & Mos Def
Lots of people more or less believe in God. But most of us do our best to customize God to suit our convenience by adapting and modifying, making him “relevant to our situation.” Prophets insist that God is the living center or nothing. Our task is to become relevant to his situation. They insist that we deal with God as God reveals himself, not as we imagine him to be.
It is an example of how God, in His mercy, chooses to use us when we aren't sure we want to be used.
The first signed Danny Peyronal (X-UFO/UFO/Heavy Metal Kids) raised £6.50 for the Make-A-Wish Foundation UK and the second & final signed CD is online now here. Let’s see if we can beat that total
So clearly, I’m no attachment parent; and obviously I’m not at the other end of the spectrum, where parents head home from the hospital clutching preschool entrance exams and debating the merits of an au pair who speaks Mandarin versus the one who’s certified in baby massage. I’m not authoritarian, but I’m also not into letting them finger-paint the neighbor’s cat to express their creativity. I do, however, have something in common with all of those kinds of parents, which is this simple and inviolable truth:
Second, not all of the result can be felt immediately. Because, the result in ECL consists of two aspects: Visible result (VR), which is a result that you can feel immediately, and Energy Saving (ES), which isn’t immediately felt or liquidated.
I don't like you very much. In fact, I would go as far as to say I detest your stinking guts. However, as you are an enormous business, I doubt very much you know or care what I think. I know for a fact three of your employees don't like me very much. Particularly after today's events.
so that’s the shot i got for his invite. the only vertical shot that would work for the invite in my head. thank you, Lord!
A wedding, a roadtrip, the WORST f-ing tooth pain I have ever felt, sunshine, sand, meeting more of B's family, 90's music for hours on XM radio, hot tubbing & looking up to stars and palm trees against the night sky, rooms w/ocean views, talks about the future, laughs, tears (from the wisdom teeth pain), getting lost, things working out perfectly, pulled pork sandies everytime we turned around, coffee bean & tea leaf, hot springs on a hillside, an amazing massage, and the best bread bowl of clam chowder either of us had ever had.
The while we glide by many a leafy bay,
And we may never recover from the insurance increase. :-)
I thought I might be able to make a masculine card with this image, but in the end I had to go and "girl" it up with the little flowers! I just couldn't help myself, it is just how I roll!!! LOL!!
Y -Young. I want to stay young in my mind and attitude. I do NOT want to become one of those older people who yearn for the days gone by and find no more happiness in the present.
Downsized friends who worked near to us
ARC:
I won't go into the minute details of my work rage right now.
So, all you mommies with the happy pictures of your kids with Mickey and Santa. Phhttt...pphhttt.... Shit. How do you make a raspberry sound.
I am at a loss, my dears. I am so, so very at a loss. There must be something missing, something that we are missing, for childhood to be lost so quickly. Something is wrong if we lose our identity and pride and childlike joy before we even start middle school/highschool. There is something wrong if girls like my beloved Renee and Robyn think that what they look like, what they listen to, and how sexually appealing they are to others influences their worth as human beings.
The man's hardhat, neon vest under his arm and the union logo "Laborers" on the back of the jacket clearly indicate that he's working on the AY project. I'm not 100% certain, but I'd say it's a very good bet. This location, by the way, is just across the street from the site planned for interim surface parking--a reason to heed this caution from AY Watch:
They will coming running.
Theresa May, Britain’s appalling Home Secretary, may be a bigot, but she is an incompetent bigot, as the latest furore over Abu Qatada demonstrates. When the Jerusalem Post, today a right-wing Zionist rag (before the Zionist crook Conrad Black took over it was a liberal paper in Israeli terms) reprinted a piece by Raed Salah, deliberately inserting anti-Semitic comments that he hadn’t made, this was picked up by the CST, whose main purpose is to harass Jewish anti-Zionists and pay its senior staff 5 figure salaries. Theresa May in turn quoted the CST, a body with close contacts to both the British Police and Israeli secret state.
You ask and ask
This is our newest creation, and it just screams HaPpY.
(Actually, this trend has already started, albeit on a very isolated scale. Some breweries use the "stubby" bottles for their product, a throwback design from decades ago. This bottle style does have some distinct and practical functional advantages for brewers but it holds only 11.2 ounces in volume instead of the standard 12 ounces. Fortunately, the ubiquity of the iconic longneck brown bottle is a difficult tradition and marketing package from which to deviate.)
"Rogation Days are the four days set apart to bless the fields, and invoke God's mercy on all of creation. The 4 days are April 25, which is called the Major Rogation (and is only coincidentally the same day as the Feast of St. Mark); and the three days preceding Ascension Thursday, which are called the Minor Rogations. Traditionally, on these days, the congregation marches the boundaries of the parish, blessing every tree and stone, while chanting or reciting a Litany of Mercy, usually a Litany of the Saints" (1)
LeAnn came to MY classroom on Wednesday for a visit. YEAH!! I was so excited to have her come in and see all the ways I was using differentiated instruction in my classroom. She was so sweet and complimentary. She loved my Homeworkopoly board (check out my previous post on it) and was going to google it when she got home. She also LOVED my stop sign exit ticket strategy and the I can statement sheet (also in previous posts). Needless to say, it was a very exciting, learning-filled week for me!
1 burn
Is that not astounding. Do you not want the deer to dip its head and swathe you in its branches. You do. Because that is what we all want in our dreams. While we are stroking the soft ears and feeling the blood in its veins.
Just what was the grebe up to? Did it think that it was going to mate with a goose, or was it just lonely and wanting to hang out with other birds? It sure stuck close to the geese until they walked up into the grass to lay down for a nap. Then the grebe swam around the pond by itself, and I left at that time. I am no expert on grebes and their behavior, I know that mallards like to hang out in flocks, maybe grebes do as well. Of course I have no way of knowing what was going through the mind of the grebe, but how close it stuck to the geese was interesting to say the least.
About the AMC Loews Movie Theater in Kips Bay, Manhattan: all of the theaters were reserved for Hunger Games guests. The line moved so quickly as they tried to pack everyone in efficiently. 7 of us sat together in awesome seats. Props to them!
So almost a month ago, something crazy happened. I turned 30. Gulp. For anyone who has been following this blog, you know I was having a bit of an issue turning 30. I had made the conscious decision to not be in town for that birthday. I didn’t know where I wanted to be, but it was not here. About six months ago, I decided that I wanted to turn the big 3-0 in the Big Apple. It is and always has been one of my favorite cities. I wanted Brad to go with me, but he was in the middle of a crazy travel schedule, so he told me to bring my sister. Shh, she was my first choice anyway : )
Hey-Oh! Husband's Spring Break. Destination? Appleton and Green Bay, Wisconsin. Why? Beer
the best of me and employing a little gall in my old age,
the road is made by walking.
Pull you push me
For a completely indulgent Bali luxury romantic vacation, escape to a private oceanfront villa, dine at lavish restaurants, take part in boundless resort recreation, or just relax poolside with no schedule except your next treatment at the Thermes Marins Spa and award-winning Spa on the Rocks. A world of discovery and Balinese hospitality awaits you at this Bali resort hotel.
"The Lorax encourages us all to be good stewards to Mother Earth," said Natalia Franco, senior vice president, marketing for IHOP. "Our limited-edition bookmarks give families a fun and easy way to work together to make the environment three million trees stronger. In addition, with help from Education.com, we're excited to offer guests family-friendly tips that inspire a greater appreciation for trees and show how even the smallest acts of kindness and respect toward the environment can make a big difference."
Chorus (35)
What is the basis of our hope and confidence in God? John the Evangelist tells us that “God so loved the world that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life” (John 3:16). Jesus’ death on the cross won for us our salvation and adoption as the children of God. The love and mercy of Jesus Christ, the forgiveness of sins, and the gift of the Holy Spirit are freely given to those who acknowledge Jesus as their Lord and Savior. Is your hope securely placed in Christ and his victory on the cross?
Firstly, like so many, I've staggered from one cough and cold to another - probably not helped by travelling on the tube where on every journey someone seems to kindly cough or sneeze in my face - which left me wiped out.
At Scotland Yard, the summons to Hamlin House has been received and a squad of constables is ready to set out. The assistant commissioner knows now that Inspector Burke's preparations -- carefully set in motion by the work of an undercover agent -- are about to bear fruit.
There are lots of men and women today that are trying to get in shape. With regards to exercise you may or may not know already that keeping an eye on your heart beat should help. There are plenty of folks who still stop exercising every 5 or 10 minutes just to verify their pulse. Of course you can keep track of your heart rate while not having to check your pulse continuously and that is by simply getting yourself a heart rate monitor. In this post we are going to be taking a deeper look at the Polar RS300X Heart Rate Monitor Watch.
Aaah! The travails of the neophyte.
GOT AN ANXIOUS KID? Lots of 2e kids are anxious, according to the parents we communicate with. A brief article in the Kansas City Star by Julia Cook offers tips for recognizing anxiety and ameliorating it. Find them.
The problem with looking to another human to complete us is that, (spiritually speaking) it’s idolatry. We are to find our fulfillment and purpose in God . . . and if we expect our spouse to be ‘God’ to us, he or she will fail every day. No person can live up to such expectations.
4. Start gluing the eggs on. You can really do this in any way that you please but I’m not good at doing the whole “totally random look” so I just did a 1 vertical and 2 horizontal repeating pattern.
Do you see a duplicatable pattern emerging?
You are the pinnacle of evolution, millions of years of evolution in the physical and spiritual sense have passed, through good times and difficult times to create the great being that you are. You are magnificent. Behind you stand tens of thousands of ancestors who have lived their lives one after another to bring the evolutionary hereditary line to you.
Sally Turlington You mean besides the altered page? Today (and most days) I run over to the blogs of folks who have commented on my blog. That usually leads to other artists blogs or web pages. I like to keep an eye on the pulse of what's happening NOW in the world of mixed media - with commentary! Now I must admit I do go to my own blog a lot because of the links to places I like to go - duh. (And let's not forget Google - couldn't do without Googling. (My spell checker didn't even balk at "Googling" - go figure.) And almost always, reading email or Yahoo group mail leads to one web site or another. I love finding new ones and new friends.
Watershed Report education programs reach several thousand students each year and teachers use the Watershed Report video series to teach sustainability concepts in their science and civics courses.
Intimidating: Occupy protestors join immigrant and workers’ rights protesters in Chicago, Illinois
Two of the most influential figures who are rarely discussed in patriotic literature are Claude Levi-Strauss the structural anthropologist and the trendy Michael Foucault with his inversions of traditional attitudes.
When I started my blog less than four months ago, I couldn’t write or post enough. The immediate feedback rendered me…no, I won’t go there. No excessive elaboration required. Suffice it to say, it was fun. I posted, on average, twelve times a week for the first several weeks. I eagerly anticipated higher and higher statistical numbers. While my choice of gluttonous indulgences is eating, drawing new viewers to my blog ran a close second. (You might say I’m a bit compulsive.)
*Helen Lester
The new GEVEY™ Ultra unlocks your GSM iPhone 4 running iOS 5.1 and earlier and now supports modem firmware versions 1.59, 2.10, 3.10.1, 4.10.1, 4.11.08, and 4.12.01. Currently, a tethered Jailbreak
8. I’m Coming Home (Oberg, Lamb) 6:42
and maybe....
Malika Zarrar: Then let him bear the responsibility.
Personally I can’t stand soaps, they annoy me because nothing, and I mean NOTHING seems realistic. All these damn plot twists and whatnot kinda make my head hurt. Not to mention I feel that I’m losing brain cells. Not that it matters, I mean I do watch “Gossip Girl”. So in a way, I’m no better than middle aged women who live vicariously through their favorite soap opera characters.
But I don’t let it stop me. I know I’m not someone they want to confide in, and I actually cringe thinking about it if they did. But I want to approach the discussion of their bodies, their rights, sex in general differently than the terse warning I received from my father to keep my dick in my pants or the silence around the subject from my mother.
I. Justice for Victims and Perpetrators.
The title really says it all here. The story begins when Susie, a hapless secretary, is (surprise) kidnapped by lesbian pirates from outer space. As she travels with the motley crew, she becomes part of the team and slowly opens her mind to her own sexuality.
There’s no neat folding involved. No tissue paper and lavender bags. Just sad little bundles of creased material and sandals with broken straps. It’s so depressing.
She ducks under his outstretched arm and pushes open the door.
Let's watch the lads in R.E.O. Speedwagon sing this toe-tapping tune.
3) Make your purchase from Gaggle of Chicks
Finally we meet Dimitri-as-Strigoi – as I’m going to refer to him in this review. When I reviewed Shadow Kiss, someone commented on how they didn’t like Dimitri based on what they see of him in Blood Promise. I still love Dimitri. Why? Because Dimitri-as-Strigoi is not the Dimitri we all love. He’s gone, and as awful as it is, this person left is cold, uncaring and violent, and couldn’t be any further from the Dimitri we know. It’s not him, and so I can’t hate Dimitri. What’s also great about this book is that we get flashbacks of times with Dimitri we haven’t yet seen. That may have taken place in the books with read, conversations that weren’t important at the time, or in between books, and it’s great to see these lovely, swet, soft moments between Rose and Dimitri, and see the love between them. It was beautiful.
Venus is absolutely gorgeous! We love the rich jewel tones of this colorway. As Dawn was putting the kit together, she kept double-checking to make sure she had it right, the picture was so deceptive. This too includes many beads, with Miyuki Rocailles, twisted bugle beads, and 234 crystal bicones in fuchsia, olive, amethyst, and aqua. Dazzling!
In 2011, MasterCard shares gained 70.78% while Visa gained 47.71%. However, as of date MasterCard as only increased 5.19% and Visa brings up the rear with only earning .11%. Some analyst predicted this turn in the market downgrading both the stocks from”neutral” from “buy.” They argued their reasoning was that the shift to credit and debit cards from cash has slowed. “During the 1990s, spending on cards exceeded overall consumer spending by about 9%. During the most recent decade, this slowed to about 6%,” the report states.
Wearing a curve-hugging black bondage dress, Lopez turned heads as she took her seat at…
The hipsters (but don't call them that) of east London are all up in arms/finding hilarious/burning with shameful recognition (delete as appropriate) at the video at the bottom of this post (yet another one) parodying their social habits and belief-system. It is hilarious.
Tap water from treated source 32%
Until next time, your faithful,
But the company is also expanding its reach in the United States. It now flies from Dubai to six American airports, including Dallas/Fort Worth and Seattle, both added this year. It plans to add Washington flights in September.
And the harms, my God, the harms they have done.
Good cask ale has a completely unique taste and texture. It's live, unfiltered, and refermented in the vessel from which it is finally dispensed. Served at cellar temperature (10 to 12 degrees Celsius), and with a gentle prickle of natural carbonation, there is nothing like it. Done right, it should be cool, refreshing and moreish.
On to my creation! When I first set sights on this set, I knew that I wanted to create a card that was rather simple in layout to make that cross take center stage. And so, this is what I came up with!
Dry red chilli- 2
Anywho, more fun details and tons of pictures coming to you soon! Promise!!
I added some homespun warmth to my sample with a little machine stitching and sponging. After I stitched my layers, I sponged a very pale tan colored ink on right over the stitches to give them an antique feel. I also added some sponging to the fancy oval tag and border. Nothing could be easier!
and it is not going to work.
The CookieCoo Dancing Star kids apps for iPad is designed to help parents teach their children how to use their senses during play time. It is not just their eyes, ears and hands that are used in this rhythm game but their ability to memorize the songs playing as well. The songs used in the rhythm game are all too familiar with older people because these are the same songs that were taught them when they were still young. Songs like Hokey Pokey, Heads, Shoulders, Knees and Toes and This is the Way We Wash Our Face are just a few examples of the songs that kids can sing along and dance to even while playing CookieCoo Dancing Star.
"MAMA EMMA"
but they are there and they are a perfect accent.
On Wednesday, our Unschoolers group went on a field trip to the Utah Humane Society. We had an awesome guide who had worked at the shelter for 20 years. She was funny, and gave us tons of amazing facts about shelters and animals waiting for adoption.
Dear Mom and Dad,
“We are delighted to sign this agreement with Carrefour that recognises the strength of Pixmania’s e-merchant operating platform. We are proud to partner with Carrefour by participating in the implementation of one of the most advanced multi-channel strategies in Europe. E-merchant is a strong, customer-focused platform, and ideal to support Carrefour’s non-food multichannel strategy.”
For a free-sacred free-choice on the edge of a lake
The NCIB fantasy league had our first draft this past weekend, and it was hella fun. 25 rounds of action in just a little over an hour. It almost went too fast for my liking. I barely had time to think about my next picks. In my other league, a head-to-head fantasy point auction league, our auction took over 4 hours. And a bunch of players on each team were protected from previous years. Something comfortably in between would be ideal.
Not surprisingly, with a bone-headed play by the So-Called Liberal Media.
It eventually cleared, the rain and our clearance so we piled off onto the shuttle bus again to be dropped off some way off in town. It was so stinking hot though, I could hardly walk or take much interest in anything and lost the will to live by lunchtime. Tried to find the viewpoint, which said up a hill but found ourselves walking in the wrong direction for ages. Stopped for a cold drink and the woman made us a dish of camarones, tiny white shrimps freshly cooked which were delicious! such unexpected pleasures. Found the viewpoint down an ally, a tower with winding staircase leading to a fabulous view across to the two rivers running alongside each other. The yellow rio…. and the black rio negro which flow at this point without merging. There is a distinct colour difference with green islands in the distance and so it was worth the hassle.
It seems to me that this isn't going to be the last time a kid shows up at our house needing love and help and protection. It's heart breaking, and at the same time heart opening. Chamille seems to attract broken hearted kids, kids with problems, kids that need help. I know why. Chamille is a secret keeper, a person with happiness in her heart, a person that is soft and gentle and kind, a person that will listen and give good advice.
You will need a 1.5 firmware PSP to use this, but even PSP firmware 2.6 owners can downgrade these days -- tho' do so at your own risk. There's been some reports of bricking. 2.7+, forget it.
Go and do likewise …
Anyhow, get back to the movie. Their technologies have improved a lot, their scenery is so dazing and the actors are surely gorgeous.
Sometimes, no matter how hard I try, a piece just does not want to be finished when I want it finished. This fellow is a good example of that. He's been sitting on the sidelines because he simply would not let me finish him. I think he wanted to just hang out and watch me work on other projects. Try as I may, I could not coax him back into the lime light.
For those who pray the Rosary, Mondays typically bring meditation on the joyful mysteries. During my Monday morning reflections lately, I can’t help but notice the proximity in the mysteries of joy and sorrow. At least two of the joyful mysteries of the Rosary are closely related to two of the Seven Sorrows of Mary.
My child will grow up to lead an independent life. My child will have a job, a home, a boyfriend if she likes. These are my expectations, and I am aiming high. This education system does not share my beliefs, and is not equipped to contain the ambitions I have for my girl.
I was flabbergasted. I was outraged, I was hurt and even vexed.
There was a time when my cousin and I used to fight over the jam biscuits. She used to run to my mom complaining that I had eaten more than her and I used to complain to my aunt.Then they decided to buy 2 pack , one for each of us but even then we were not satisfied.Each one of us used to think that the other pack had more biscuits which was absolutely not true. Thus was our love for these biscuits.
O my Dear Lord
Best Buy’s customers and employees around the world represent a variety of faiths and denominations. We respect that diversity, and choose to engage with our customers, employees and communities in ways that reflect their traditions and maintain good relationships for Best Buy.
Gallery Opening Hours:
Now, that I am getting older, not old mind, I have taken to the habit of scanning a large part of what I read for specific information. This morning I “scanned” through “The Bedding Plant Expert” by D.G. Hessayon. The aside being that it was initially published in Britain, something I think you have to be aware of if you are looking for planting advice. For example he states that pansies will survive the winter which made me slightly suspect of the books origin. Pansies do well for part of the winter here but not at the height of the season. That statement gives you a chance to moderate the rest of the book which is still set up to be a great reference guide. I always look for a book that I can refer to in a moment’s notice. If it has tables in it that is great. So sectioning is very handy in each description. And of course, if you are a visual learner, there are plenty of pics.
She tells me she isn't going to sign the ticket and to just give her her copy. I do the usual, "This isn't an admission of guilt" thing to help sell the ticket. She tells me she has her registration and insurance and begins to look for it again and tells me "I ain't signing no ticket."
With him by my side
Vocal with Piano or Guitar
I’ve lived so many lives in my short time here
First up was How to Write Great Screenplays: And Get Them into Production by Linda M. James… which intrigued me largely because it was written from the perspective of a Brit, rather than a Hollywood-ite… but, aside from some useful addresses and competition info in the later chapters, I found the contents quite flimsy and feeble. I also think it’s a bit odd that, despite being a woman herself, Ms. James only ever referenced films with male leads, and constantly referred to potential protagonists as “He” or “Him”. Tch! Films with female leads can win fancy awards too, y’know?
Since 2010, Jack Maxton and Chevrolet have collected more than 103,000 lightly used devices for Cell Phones for Soldiers, and converted them to 6.2 million minutes of free talk time for troops serving overseas. Jack Maxton will be collecting for Cell Phones for Soldiers once again, through the end of July. Please call 1-877-331-1628 to get more information on how you can donate your old phones.
Laymon does write a vivid portrayal of the White Chapel area, I enjoyed that and the boy’s British brogue. But so much of the book was about the boy, leaving the Ripper nothing more than a subplot. In fact, it could have been about any serial killer – Laymon might have picked the Ripper simply for his notoriety and to sell books.
September 11 - Andy Whitfield, actor ("Spartacus: Blood and Sand"), 39
And I speak with no regret,
When to use: During or after a play in which your team turns the ball over.
DAY 20: SOMETHING YOU DREW... This may surprise some, but I drew a lot when I was young.. and had patience. I drew this in my teenage years and it is the only piece I still have. Amazing that it has survived for over 30 years through 3 house moves. Let's call it "Pencil Drawing On Pale Blue Cardboard, Circa 1978" and sell it for millions.
You: That’s right, you said you weren’t hungry. I guess we’re just gonna fuck then.
first one for a little while.
Finally a werewolf episode where the werewolves don’t look like jockey sized guys wearing bad Halloween costumes. Buffy never pulled that off.
3. There is a requirement to mitigate loss
If we can't stand it, my mom might get a midnight sleepover with two cats who hate each other (and hate her cats), a needy beagle, and us!
The idea is that if children can see and/or feel the germs as they move about the room as a result of a person's cough or sneeze, and understand what germs do, then they would realize the importance of keeping them covered.
It’s just getting on the time of year when we’re inclined to do a little “spring cleaning” – sorting out our closets, putting away the boots, moving the T-shirts up and the sweaters down, throwing off the blankets and quilts, opening the windows to let air in, holding our heads up to bask in the sun. Spring is the time we begin to free ourselves from the heavy protective cloak of winter, to emerge fresh and new, a little lighter, little clearer.
I am hoping to pass the two tests I have technically tonight, seeing as it’s 12:12 in the morning currently. If I do that, then I only have to take three of my five finals, and only one of those would be cumulative. If I get A’s on both of these tests (math and music appreciation) then I get A’s in the classes and don’t have to worry about taking the finals. The way my classes are looking right now, I am set up for four A’s and a B or high C. I have practically one hundred percent in both my Human Growth and Development and Psychology classes. I have a 95-ish in Music Appreciaton. I have an 87 in Probability and Statistics, which will become an A if I get anything above a 92 on tonight’s test. I have a ??? in my Business Law class cuz my professor hasn’t given us an idea about our grades yet. I think it’s a low B or high C, but I am not one hundred percent certain. Things are looking up for my GPA though.
Um, plus, all that storage instantly takes me to a state of bliss. She has really maximized the potential in that room to create an incredible place to play and grow! I love envisioning them spending hours together in a central location in their home!
Until tomorrow, greetings from:
3. Thoughts of Age (4:32)
Thought I wanted to share this short written assignment I did for my class in Classical Jewish texts, which also can be seen in context of my comparative studies of the Talmud.
Solarcity CEO Lyndon Rive said in an interview Friday that he is seeing a growing market schism between the thousands of small, local solar panel installers and a “half a dozen or so” national players that can provide “a trusted brand focusing on scale and services.”
Anticipating... June for my sister's high school graduation and July for a trip to Minnesota. I can't wait to show Mr. Charming my hometown and I can't wait for him to finally meet most of my extended family who couldn't make it for the wedding. It's going to be tons of fun at the lake and partying it up a bit!
Just here to share a card .I visited our vet recently for our new Twiggy pup and she asked me to make some Sympathy cards for people who have lost a pet .
we’re not lead by just any jack ass
its commodity form...the vacation. They want the wilderness to be a
I hope you all enjoyed an exciting, creative weekend. And if not, I'm sure that the coming one will be lol
I LOVE YOGA!! The longer I practice the more I watch the miracle of awareness and mindfulness grow inside. I watch as judgement, analyzation, and criticism disappear from my mind. Each time I get on my mat and work even when I don’t want to I am learning to discipline the mind. I am learning SURRENDER. I am learning that God, The Universe, or The Infinite doesn’t personalize anything. Everything just is. Today was the perfect pop quiz to see if all the Yoga I’m doing is working. I am so pleased to say I passed with flying colors. I am happy because I remember a time not so long ago when a day like this would have been so difficult. It would have drained me of energy because of the resistance to the now. I am sure there would have been tears of frustration, and the day would have finished with a headache because of my inner tension and struggle with the reality of what is the present moment. Tonight, instead, I am very happy. I passed my quiz! Yoga is 1/8 physical the rest is how you react/act to Life off your mat.
2 cups of ripe Jamun fruit
The books affected are:
Francis Collins is an American physician-geneticist, noted for his discoveries of disease genes and his leadership of the Human Genome Project. When being asked what he finds “to be the most compelling evidence that there is, in fact, a Supreme Being,” he says, “First of all, we have this very solid conclusion that the universe had an origin, the Big Bang. Fifteen billion years ago, the universe began with an unimaginably bright flash of energy from an infinitesimally small point. That implies that before that, there was nothing. I can’t imagine how nature, in this case the universe, could have created itself. And the very fact that the universe had a beginning implies that someone was able to begin it. And it seems to me that had to be outside of nature. And that sounds like God.
In any case, the darkness as a medium for light is the key here. It envelops light, it defines light. Similar to the watery abyss above, it obscures, it envelops, it is the matrix our our beginning. As water is to life, so darkness is to light (at least in this instance).
I think that once I started to develop closer friendships, I started to care about what these people thought of me. I realized that I was inadequate in ways I had previous been comfortable with. And then it started; I began to try and impress others. Be it people in general, or specific people, or even a certain person, I find that many of my actions are now geared towards trying to earn the recognition of others. Though I obviously fail at being popular (as you may have read in one of my previous posts), though I know better, it doesn’t stop me from trying…
We were first told to choose a set of our favourite foods from a big list of foods it showed. These food covering both meat and vegetable – our basic food components anyway, right?
It could hardly be imagined that all these changes would be acceptable to the academic faculty. So under the new dispensation the powers of vice chancellors and university councils grew enormously, as did those of new, more powerful deans and bureaucrats, as also the SASCO-dominated SRCs and the Nehawu-organised staff. Everywhere the academic faculty were the losers, finding themselves relegated to worker-ant status, with new ideological gatekeepers in powerful positions throughout the academic structure. Senates simply ceased to matter - and with them went academic freedom. In the worst case - the University of KwaZulu-Natal - the Vice Chancellor enacted rules giving him the ability to scrutinize and censor the e-mails of all academic faculty.
Dear me Tay Tian. Degrees ARE free, especially those not in ‘technical fields’. ALL degrees numbering scores to hundreds from Sociology type degrees, all languages and various paperwork based fields DO NOT NEED a single cent to teach or learn (though a minimum wage from government would be good). See the Democracy Tree in Malaysia? See the Bodhi Tree where Buddha gained enlightenment and gave sermons (no gold plated statues or donation boxes for ‘building temples’ there, just alms bowls)? Even the quasi fundo Luddites taking classes on ‘Animal Husbandry’ in their barns could subsume the Veterinary degree which costs a few 100Ks – a child on the right farm, could deliver or treat any animal just as well . . . without spending a cent on education. ALL EDUCATION of the non-technical sort (i.e. needing advanced equipment) is FREE. So don’t pretend MOST education costs anything – especially contractors and suppliers and manufacturers dependent on HANDOUTS of taxpayer monies for their living at extremely inflated prices that feed a large number of middlemen (shame on you contractors and law writers that cause parasitic loopholes in laws that are never amended).
- Apple unveiled this weird iTunes Music Store idea (it'll never work..);
I saw a bunch of chalkboard ideas floating around Pinterest and this one in particular caught my eye first:
she's also working on filling in those crazy bald spots all over her peacock-hair-noggin.
I think it's official. It is never going to get warm again in the American South. Not now, not ever. I think it's time we pull on our muttluks and start the mass exodus the hell out of here before the glacier covering my jeep envelopes my house.
Already had money and did shopping: once.
A feature-length documentary about our urgent national need for school choice, “The Cartel” shows us our failing educational system like we’ve never seen it before.
“We’d better head back home,” I say finally. “Before the clerk start looking for us.”
buy the hardcover for a ridiculously low price.
forever loving.
Ghosts and stolen residue
themed-dinner night
A Fire Upon The Deep is considered a classic is the Sci-Fi area and I've never read it even after a friend told me I had to. Well, I plan to read it sometime this year as Tor is reissuing it in a trade paperback and if things work out I'll probably read the long awaited sequel Children of the Sky coming in the Fall.
A hawk grabbed a Playboy playmate’s puppy and flew away with it. I wonder if she still likes romantic walks in nature and puppies.
So what is the significance of the Hong Kong company, Borion Enterprise Ltd, which has been making such regular and enormous payments to Michael Chia?
HOLMES
Tears for Fears Woman in change UK
The government has said the 11,000-megawatt project, due to start producing electricity in 2015, is crucial to provide power to Brazil’s fast-growing economy.
As a teen I made up the song Dirty Diana which would be performed by Michael Jackson. There were three Diana’s, Princess Diana, Diana Ross, and for me the mythological Roman Goddess Diana the Huntress.
Jacob Oram
I know there's a wee bit of a revival going on,
16 For God so loved the world, that He gave His Only Begotten Son, that whosoever helieveth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
Step 1: Delayed response. She can't freak out or get mad if you just start delaying your responses. For example, if you normally text back immediately after getting a text, wait a half hour before you respond. Then an hour. Then a few hours. Pretty soon lines of communication will be limited/damaged. That's the first step. Limit communication.
Happy birthday, Victory! Keep at it, we'll keep drinking.
Test the links to be sure the link will fit over the grommet and there is enough slack so the bracelet will move nicely. Repeat to create four more links (or the number needed to make the size bracelet you want).
When I went looking for a First World War image to go with this post, I had to search through websites containing hundreds of Great War photographs. After a while the enormity of the horror was so great that I simply couldn’t look at any more of them — trenches and craters and muddy fields covered with mutilated corpses, body parts in every cubic yard of churned-up mud, bloated horses and shredded clothing and smashed equipment and Death — a little more than a little was by much too much. You could lay all the photos of Great War corpses side-by-side, and they would run from here to Seattle, with plenty of them left over.
The 1952 film is ranked as the number one musical on the AFI’s list of great musicals. It is extremely enjoyable and provides many laughs with clever dialogue and the memorable “Make ‘em Laugh” number by Donald O’Connor. I never tire of this movie.
“The Boer are a stubborn, independent, fractious people. It is in our genes. For their contrariness, our ancestors were kicked out of Holland, France and Germany. To get a majority of Boer to unite behind the Volkstaat, will take a lot of work. But we have no alternative. If we don’t pull together, we will simply not survive.”
I am glad that Afghans still have a great sense of humor and can laugh at themselves. I wish I could understand the language so I could laugh along with the jokes, some of which certainly make fun of foreigners like me.
Just to be clear, no, I'm NOT expecting. I just love these sheep and I will quilt the panel and hang it in my sewing room.
The Bad: School and Work. I can't seem to get ahead since Christmas. I feel like I'm always behind in something. I've been sick a lot so I've been behind in hours at work. If I miss much more I could lose my insurance, so I've been working come hell or high water, and there seems to have been a lot both lately (see below). In school I have never felt so behind. Up until now I've been able to maintain a 4.0 grade point average. I'm worried I'm going to lose it with the test I take this weekend. (I really should be studying now) Spring break is next week. Hopefully then I can catch up a little in both school and work.
Among the buildings Gregory built were:
Sorry, but he hosted a couple of really shitty music shows. Have you ever listened to the New Year’s countdown? Holy shit, it was absolutely hideous.
Each of the areas you control can benefit from a similar cost/benefit analysis.
Size: 4" x 9"
Derek and Shanda caught back up and boy was I ready to see them. At this point, we were soaked. The rain had been light but steady, the puddles had been plentiful, and when we hit that lake, the wind cut right through and was bone chilling. Brrrrrrr. Don't get me wrong, I normally love running in 40 degree weather... I don't know why the wind and moisture made it feel so much colder, but it did.
I keep saying over and over I’m going to start trying to lose weight. I begin my journey and something always knocks me down. I get back up and move on, time and time again. After the 10k two weeks ago I hurt my hip and haven’t been able to work out like I want to without pain. That has slowed me down quite a bit. This is very disappointing to me. Then I get sun poisoning which slowed me down even more. What next?
Rather, Belinda Berloni
Great organisation from Keiron Carrs of Clayton Le Moors and all his team.
“There is always a certain sense of occasion when the Swans play Tyntynder, purely because of the history, every time you run out another chapter will be written on that day”. Foott described the feeling of crossing the road for the old fashioned rivalry, “Getting changed, warmed up and prepared in the familiarity of your own club rooms and then walking across the road with 22 teammates with the crowd awaiting and suspense in the air to do battle on enemy territory. It is a great feeling. To walk off victor back onto our turf is even better”.
William and I had an awesome morning. Nora’s 10 am pediatrician appointment went great! Nora gained half of an ounce and is striding right along. “All things considered, we could not ask for Nora to be doing any better than she is,” Dr. Bolling stated. Were I physically able, I would have done cartwheels out of there. I was so happy to hear that. Also, the heart murmur that was detected Monday could not be heard at this appointment. (!!!) We do have the echocardiogram scheduled for Monday morning. We’re all anxious to see what is really going on in that tiny little chest!
Pictures from the previous tenants:
At first I thought having to get the day started at 9 am was too early but after seeing the time it takes to work on hair, make-up, and get everyone going I was totally wrong. It was organized chaos all day. Everyone kept asking if I was ok. I was calm, chatty but not overly talkative. At one point my make-up girl said I was making her nervous because I was so calm.
Ok, so I’ll start with no unnecessary spending for two weeks and see where that gets me.
One day, sometime after college, long after I had given up on the idea of church as a way of life for me, I overheard this guy talking on someone else’s computer.
The big, fluffy golden retriever is asleep in his basket.
Jordan Ross Banach, 977 North Pleasant St, Amherst, MA, age 21, Disorderly conduct
With all of our SAMPLES/ SNEAKS this week, Emma likes to do some FUN giveaways!
…a Peruvian historian known for his extensive publications about the independent history of his country. He served during two different administrations as Minister of Education and was also director of the Peruvian National Library.
One early morning ... as the Brobdingnagian Cricket was about to conclude his nocturnal symphony ... he was met by a colossal Grasshopper proudly standing nearby who boldly announced "good morning Cricket, word about is that thou hadst lately suffered an untimely demise" as it rudely spat what appeared to be tobacco juice from its loathsome mouth ... "who would broadcast such dazzling falsities? as thou canst clearly surmise, I'm quite healthy, wealthy and wise!" retorted the Cricket ... the Grasshopper again spat then replied "the old man hath vowed to lay thee asunder ere he himself soon dies" ... to which the Cricket proclaimed "not so! the master of the house holds me in the highest of regard, and is oft lulled to restful sleep by my harmonic chords ... furthermore, we have breakfast together nearly each and every morn ... were anything fit for utter destruction 'twould be a vile and pestilent fellow such as thee!" ... with that the wretched orthopteran burst into laughter spewing nasty juice far and wide from its despicable jaws "I shan't think it true emanating from one such as you, a claim best left unbelieved lest perhaps I might see!" declared the envious Grasshopper ... "then go roll thyself round and round in yonder heap of coal dust until thou art black as pitch, then go feign thyself as me" suggested the knavish Cricket ... the eager Grasshopper pondered but for a moment before diving headlong into that pile of soot shamelessly rolling about till no part remained uncovered then displayed itself to the Cricket ... "uncommonly astounding!" insisted the Cricket "had I not discerned myself so well, I had thought that me were thee, and thee were me ... now hasten thee inside and present thyself to the master of the house, and enjoy thy hearty breakfast!" ... the blackened Grasshopper again spat then tactfully crept beneath the kitchen door as the Cricket leapt upon the windowsill to watch and listen ... straightaway was heard "Splat!" then the triumphant cry issued forth as the old man exclaimed "'twas a surety that anon I would silence that clamorous Cricket's ceaseless cacophony, this very night I myself will bow my head and pass in blessed tranquility" ... after the old man had been respectfully carried away to his final resting place, the Cricket became the master of the house ... and each night thenceforward, as the sun began to sink behind the tall treetops, the Cricket commenced his mellisonant strain, which increased in magnitude toward the wee hours of the morning ... ofttimes neath the pillows on the old man's feather bed!
How I made
“Snootie Little Cutie” with Tommy Dorsey, Frank Sinatra and the Pied Pipers
That facilitate consequence containment.
Once you reach the Greenway, you can turn right and follow it over the former railway bridge (a great place to stop for lunch or a water break) and then pick up the portion of the Nat Greene Trail on the right side of the Greenway. This combination of trails creates about a 3-mile loop that will take you back to the parking lot of Old Battleground Road.
1/3 c olive oil
They cleared out most of the original rubble that had fallen down into a central area, so they could re-build the general structure.
And therein lies the key, in my opinion, to moving the 400 into the same range as the shorter sprints - bringing more speed to the event! We've seen sprinters move up to this event in the past. After all, before Quincy Watts ran 43.50 and won Olympic gold he was one of the nations best high school sprinters. Injuries forced him to move up - with great success. Similar story with Michael Johnson, as injuries early in his career found him moving from the 100/200 to the 200/400 - especially after several blazing 4x4 legs under 44 seconds indicated he had the ability. And the rest, as they say, is history.
I descend rapidly, through ancient woodland – its age indicated by the presence of dog’s mercury on the forest floor – and open grassland, briefly straying off the footpath to investigate Julliberrie’s Grave, a neolithic long barrow. Then a steep path beneath tar-spotted sycamores, through glossy-leaved hart’s tongue ferns, leads to the river. It’s getting decidedly murky now; the sky above dark and malevolent. The noise of the river cascading over a weir appears to get louder and louder until I realise what I’m actually hearing is the beginnings of a hailstorm on the foliage above my head. I rapidly try to find the densest cover under which to shelter, but spend a few minutes with the rain drumming on my head and water running down my nose. I’m quite jealous of the occupants of a nearby cottage, cosy-looking, smoke curling out of the chimney. Then as quickly as it arrived, the storm ceases, and I emerge from under the trees to splash my way along a now-puddled footpath along the river bank.
was a fig tree). No preacher, apostle, prophet or shepherd in history ever
You can’t have flow in your life until you release the resistance.
Plus, on April 8, log into your WW account to get a Spring Celebration Gift Basket, which contains exclusive items as well!
I'm working on some fun things for Leap Day next week. Are you ready for a hopping good time?
No joke; these little treats taste so much like Butterfinger candy bars. It's crazy! I embellished my packaged Butterfinger Wannabes with some of the same supplies for my jingle bell stemware...more snowflake embellishments, silver elastic ribbon, and a jingle bell!
Capitalize on every opportunity to glorify God.
Saturday morning I POAS before getting in the shower. I had cramps, but no bleeding yet. That was odd, so I took the test. I saw a slight line but thought it was the cursed evaporation line. So I bought more tests and took the ones pictured first sat night. And, as you can see, I can't stop peeing on things.
Can’t these people realise that there is a difference? The EDL is not against the Other that is Buddhism. The Other that is Sikhism… The list is endless. We are against Islamism and militant Islam. Are you getting the message yet, Smitty?
"If you have men who will exclude any of God's creatures from the shelter of compassion and pity, you will have men who deal likewise with their fellow men."
Thursday – Game Night – Steak and potatoes
My placenta took awhile to detach, so the next hour was VERY uncomfortable for me as the DR had to work to get that out. I'm SO thankful I had the epidural or this part would have been unbearable. I lost a significant amount of blood during that time, but they were finally successful and I thankfully didn't need any further medical treatment.
Person 1: “Hey Person 2, what did you do last night?”
The incident happened late Monday in
One American southerner described his domestic life with his Thai wife as blissful because of just such cultural traditions: “She never raises her voice at me at home because she says the family spirit might be offended by disharmony and confusion. So she doesn’t shout and we never have any heated arguments.
On the hot days that are still due to come, you'll find me cruising along the bottom of Ada's pool or jumping off the diving board in a glorious cannonball trying to make it down to 10 feet...in my mind at least.
“”Father, I want those you have given me to be with me where I am, and to see my glory, the glory you have given me because you loved me before the creation of the world.” (John 17:24 NIV)
Purple is like my favourite colour so naturally when I saw it. I loved it. I love the cover, I think it's amazing and I can't wait to see what they do with the cover for book 2.
Call me crazy, but shouldn’t “Doctor” Bachmann have a little bit of skepticism about a claim that a 12 year old girl became mentally retarded after a vaccination?
BF: I don’t know the technical details, but they have submarine bases in various parts of the world. I assume it was from one of these submarine bases.
Day 14- Post your favorite poem
I'm thankful all year long, but today I'll take a break and tell the world. I love my family.
I can't wait to get back online again! So many things have been
Last time you scratched at my door
Several states will be effected as the storms move ENE over the next 2 days.
I paid about $5.50 a pound for sausage from my local meat market; I removed it from the casing. I liked Lidia's tip that adding a little white wine prevents the sausage from cooking in lumps. So, that's what I did-- gently working the wine into the sausage. There, all the prep is done.
Yesterdays dishwater, murky and cold
It is hard to fathom how a Norwegian Politician could even think to engage in talks with an organization which deliberately targets Israeli civilians and that doesn’t acknowledge Israel’s right to exist. It’s also incomprehensible that a Norwegian politician could engage in talks with an organization that is actively propagating vile anti-Semitism and brainwashing young Palestinian children to hate Israel and loathe the Jews. In light of the terrorist attacks in Norway it’s also hard to understand how a Norwegian politician would so easily give legitimacy to a terrorist organization such as Hamas by engaging in a dialogue with its leaders.
And thus democracy makes cowards of us all — Farish A. Noor
02. Bright Yellow Gun
Even the stuff that comes in a tub that you’re supposed to put into a graham cracker crust, hehe. I’ll eat it all.
I turned him off.
Next week will be easier as more teams lose (LSU plays Florida, Texas plays Oklahoma, plays Oklahoma State plays Missouri) and I already have a pool established of likely candidates. Some of the teams that are on the waiting list are: Oklahoma State, Texas Tech, Northwestern, BYU, Michigan State, Florida State, Wake Forest, Virginia Tech, North Carolina, and Georgia Tech. A loss by Florida or Georgia would send them to purgatory.
The priest must do what is necessary to build unity in the flock and to call the flock to holiness, so that he himself might receive a “good account before the fearsome judgment seat of Christ,” when the time comes. It is only in doing his best for everybody else’s holiness that the priest can do the best for himself. And to do that today it takes bravery.
Go Ape! Show at Sonny's Vintage 2928 Gudalupe (12-7):
While that might sound small, consider this: The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute has found that each one percent reduction in a person’s LDL cholesterol levels can be expected to reduce heart disease risk by two percent. The other form of fiber, insoluble, also has a scouring effect, but in a different way; it helps move food through your digestive system.
Meanwhile, I have, again this year, been visited by the Canada Geese. This year, there are eight of them, and they are a real nuisance. My yard is full of poop, and I have come to the conclusion that I am going to have to quit putting food on the ground for a while, until they give up and go away. It's a pity that they are such a messy bird, though, because they are really beautiful.
flame
That got me thinking, as a friend described me as clever the other night. I’d always thought of clever people as being very well educated and knowledgeable (neither of which I am), so I did a quick check. According to the dictionary, clever is defined as “mentally bright; having sharp or quick intelligence; able.” So perhaps I am a bit.
On Sunday, a group of New York public school teachers sat in the plaza, including Denise Martinez of Brooklyn. Most students at her school live at or below the poverty level, and her classes are jammed with up to about 50 students.
This week I got to see all of the things I find interesting rolled into one. The meeting I went to was the North Central London cohort review. Cohort review is a method of rolling audit if you like, in which a service reviews it’s most recent cases, checks on performance and outcome, and tries to lear lessons along the way. Each case seen by a service is presented by the case manager to a panel of experts, with an audience of their peers from their own, and other services. Various essential pieces of data are presented, including detailed information on outcomes of treatment, adverse events, and the results of contact tracing. the presentation is made to a panel consisting of an independent chair, senior case managers, an epidemiologist, a microbiologist with access to a vast array of lab data, and public health representatives. In future editions, local primary care physicians will be invited.
Very soon, Congress will raise the debt ceiling....
In 1961 a new musical opened in the West End called Stop the World – I Want to Get Off. It’s been described as “a thought-provoking tale about the fleeting nature of worldly success. The hero of the show, Littlechap, attempts to apply some braking effect on his world before it spins out of control.” The metaphor of an individual as the centre of his or her own universe is not a new one but it is a modern one, “a problem that requires attention right now,” to quote Killingsworth. This is where Jonathan Gould’s novella, Doodling, begins:
I've been out of commission ever since they changed to the new Blogger. It won't work on my computer at work and that's been the only place that I can check it. Anyhow, that's been the reason for my absence... and the fact that nothing has been going on here besides work, laundry, and house cleaning. Exciting stuff I tell ya!
He has a unique style of playing the piano that falls between the cracks (and keys) of jazz and classical music. If you enjoy free jazz icon pianist Cecil Taylor, than unquestionably you will like Mr. Van Hove’s sound. Writer Tom Greenland has likened Fred’s piano playing to a “ballerina in hiking boots.” I would add that he explores the keyboard like it’s a musical Potters Field, unearthing unknown sounds and note combinations to create something truly fresh and original. Danger Will Robinson – Fred has been known to dump a bucket of ping-pong balls on the piano strings to alter the sound of the notes he’s playing. With all this talk of free jazz playing and experimenting with ping-pong balls did I just hear you mumble that he probably sounds like his piano is being thrown down a flight of stairs? Granted, it is very challenging music that Van Hove has created. Sometimes when I’m listening to his solo work (Flux), it sounds like he’s actually building a house. There’s some pounding and hammering on the keyboard at times, like nails being driven into wood. He’s definitely not all high energy; his playing often segues into lyrical, introspective sounding passages that hint at his classical studies as a young man. Mr. Van Hove’s artistry is held in such high regard that in 1996 he was named a Cultural Ambassador by the Belgian Government.
Reflect on architectural images that you consciously recognize and attach to a particular region of the world. Does a historic European city look, feel and function any differently from a modern American city? What are the conditions that caused the unique finished products? If you can articulate the unique elements of your local built environment, then you have defined what is “vernacular” and what is “indigenous” to your community. It’s what makes Columbus, Mississippi (photo above) different from Kalamazoo, Michigan.
To which Chuck replied, “So I guess it’s silly to come home on your lunch hour just to see your husband. I made stew. Harrumph.”
In fact, all of the people who've had a crack at owning up to misbehavior have said "It wasn't me."
Well, I do not want to be accused of fudging the numbers, so here are the numbers of the existing square footage and the anticipated square footage. Their existing house in La Jolla is roughly 3,009 square feet and the home they want to build on the same property is approximately 11,062 –not quite four times the size – but it is at least 3 and 1/2 times larger.
Tickets to Celebration of Hope are $50 and RSVP can be made by calling Annette Basey at 752-8799.
On the other hand, a flat payroll tax is rather regressive in nature. Just as it would be possible to make our existing payroll tax progressive, it would also be possible to make the Job Insurance premium more progressive. It would probably be possible to, say, levy a .25% payroll tax on workers making $25k or less a year, .5% on workers making between $25k-50k a year, 1% on workers making between $50-75k, 1.5% on workers making between $75-100k, 2% on workers making $100-150k, and so on up the income scale and generate enough revenue to operate a robust Job Insurance system.
Well, for as long as I’ve taken this class, it has NEVER finished on time. And this is even more annoying considering that the last posture in yoga is often said to be the most important one. Savasana, or Corpse Pose, closes every yoga practice that I have ever heard or read about. It is the pose that helps you “absorb” the practice and allows your mind to calm. It is often said to be the most difficult pose because although it appears you are doing “nothing”, you are really trying to be in the present moment. This is very difficult for most of us to achieve.
"Oh... they went out for pizza... I wasn't hungry." (looking at Tess)
And SMOKEY THE BEAR will surely appear
The KCCUK will be screening four of Song’s films in April. As his works are not easy to come by – even less so in subtitled form – don’t miss the opportunity to see them!
It is difficult, even as I write the above–that my reappearance has caused them much ache. Explain that, please? Did they think that once they birthed me, that I wouldn’t continue to grow and develop into a person (like them) who makes their own choices–some which seem good for others, some which seem good or necessary for me, . . . . but just my own choices? Did they think that I would be silent about the fact that I have a whole other family out there who I resemble biologically/genetically who I would welcome/seek out an opportunity to love? My reappearance has caused them much ache. Perhaps out of sight, out of mind, out of this world . . . gone, . . . dare I say dead?? Ugh.
It’s hard to tell the difference, from this distance,
I thought the main characters were good. Lily was quirky and different. It was really nice to have a main character that didn’t worry about what she looked like or what she should be doing. She was different and a true individual and I loved that. What I also loved is that for a majority of the book Lily is really smart where Calder is concerned, he gets a bit stalkerish and she seriously backs away from him because of it. (like normal people would do.)
You may notice new photos of me popping up here and there, because with the updates, I also had a photo session with a good friend of mine who was kind enough to photograph me at my home, so I could have some better head-shots as I start to promote my biz...
Garrosh, son to the one who both enslaved and redeemed the Orcish race?? Garrosh, the hotheaded, impetuous young new leader of the Horde?? Garrosh, the one appointed by Thrall to take over leadership of the Horde, despite council from his other allies against it?? Garrosh, the one currently seeking more territory, more resources, and more dominance over all cost of life to either the Alliance OR the Horde?? Garrosh, murderer of Cairne Bloodhoof, the former leader of the Tauren?? (Yayaya, so he did not know his blade was poisoned, but he did know it was a fight to the death.)
"The decision for common ownership brings together the most respected names in American china production," Wells said. "Hall's durable 'oven to table' products will fit perfectly with Homer Laughlin's mission to supply a quality product at a fair price and to continue to manufacture in the United States."
Bach & Beyond Baroque Music Festival – 8:00 p.m. - Fredonia Opera House
Matt Stokes' recent practice focuses on the investigation of music subcultures. Working with musicians, writers, actors, composers and local community figures, Stokes looks to the social position and power that marginal groups have to influence a broader demographic. Often drawing attention to the spontaneous creativity that exists within counter-cultures and the potent visual practice that runs alongside them. Stokes explores the way in which these communities exchange ideas through music and their unique visual aesthetics. Operating independently from mainstream marketing, these communities challenge conventional and hierarchical methods of disseminating information. Collaboration and a sense of shared authorship are at the core of these movements and consequently mirrored in Stokes' projects.
All you need to do is be a follower of my blog, like my facebook page, leave a comment here, and you're good to go! The giveaway will end on Saturday, 3rd of March and I will announce the winners after that.
on who speaks for the Church of Jesus Christ, now is that time!
AN INTERVIEW WITH ROB RIGGS
_____I punched my nieghbors kid in the face today and I told him to keep his goat out of my yard
Since leaving university I have had the privilege of being involved in helping develop the complex weave of legislation and public policy necessary for disabled people to live in, and be part of, their community.
existence, our differences, our relative roles in our joint survival. This
Two Brothers’ Ebel’s Weiss; Warrenville, IL, German Hefeweizen, 4.9% abv
And you know what? I listen to the judge and over time the anger, frustration and the resentment build up and I begin to shut down and pull away and close myself off, for fear of puffing up and asking for the respect and dignity I deserve, but in a very unacceptable way.
Papers that examine the reception and adaptation of fairy tales in post-war German literature and film; the relationship between politics and magic. 500-word abstracts and brief CV by 7 March 2011; Qinna Shen (shenq@muohio.edu).
So it’s january 1st 2010!!! I hope everyone had a great newyears eve, cause we really had a blast and stayed up till the wee hours! We went to bed around 4/4.30 this morning and didn’t came out untill 2PM-ish :) It was a great night, but well a new year has knocked on our doors!
There is no standard posture, methodology, process or procedure to perform it. It can be unique for individuals and can change on different instances. The biggest way to get excellent sex is to enjoy it with open heart, show love to the partner and just play as best as you can. Play like a music, where everyone wins. Strive for the best and not do it half heatedly.
Okay. I’ve got mine. Got it right here. You’ve got yours ready? Here we go.
Video or audio files should be made available online
"No, the prophet."
‘Genesis 3′ talks about the fall of men, and the world became the fallen world, we have given our authority to rule this earth to Satan. So, we live in a fallen world, there are hard times, situations and circumstances, we all were born with a sinful nature too, needing the Savior. In the same way, we all have faced different situations where we need the healing of the Loving God into our souls, the things we faced might be different from one another, but there are things that we all have faced and will be facing in our lives, some faced accidents, other faced different abuses, either in words or in physical, others had faced bankruptcy, others were looked down by others in one way or another – either in family, in communities, in works and in different places, they were mocked, all these things could be for different reasons – it could be because of gender, it could be because of age, poverty, educations, physical problems, dumb or deaf, mental problems, personality smartness, not able to measure up to the standards of what families, teachers or authority figures expected, or not able to measure up to the standard of the communities and the environments in one way or another, failed in schools and educations, feelings as if not having nice body figures as much as others, may be the youngest in the family or among friends – being scrolled, kicked and under ordered by the elder families, friends or other elder people, might had been into different shameful sins in the past and Satan’s been condemning, or may be living under different pressures. It could be dear one’s passing away, fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters, children, grand children and we still hold some bitterness or hurts because of those things, and as living in this world , or we will be facing different situations and circumstances, big or small, we will be needing the healings of the Loving God several times.
warps into want and then wants
6. I Can't Stop Loving You
Following on from yesterdays post, the builder finished off the built-in robe in our 2nd bedroom yesterday, now all we need to do is paint the timber trim at the top, and have them back to re-align the 2 middle doors. He said because they are so large, they will drop once hung, which they have, at the bottom there is about a 6-8mm gap, at the top they are flush, so he'll hopefully be out today/Monday to get the weight/hang spot-on.
What this means is that once you learn to recognize the signs of a speculative bubble, it’s possible to make exact predictions of future events with perfect confidence. A fair number of people—I was one of them, as longtime readers of this blog will recall—did that with the real estate bubble that popped so catastrophically in 2008. Few bubbles in economic history showed the signs of imminent trouble more clearly than this one, and while all but a tiny fraction of economists missed those signs, they were not lost on less blinkered observers. As Keith Brand over at the HousingPanic blog—a voice of sanity all the way through the bubble—used to say, “Dear God, this is going to end so badly.” He was right; his more specific predictions, and those of a lot of other bubble bloggers, were by and large square on targer; and those who derided them—and there were a lot of them, some with impressive credentials—have spent the last three years doing their best to pretend that they didn’t make fools of themselves.
Yes, you read it correctly... The title up there, yes, it really does say that BIG BAD "S" word! However, before you get your knickers in a knot wondering if the snow-storm is heading your way. We went to the Canadian Rockies for an over-nighter on the Thanksgiving weekend and that is where the snow is.
dark green shades, black and white TV, gray and yellow-haired grandma
I can't even believe I'm showing this snap to you.
Mommy: Really? Where have you seen a purple dog?
This is the wonderful book written by my brother’s partner Lesley Mary Close about extremely talented rug maker Heather Ritchie. I have mentioned Heather in a previous post but this is the first time that this book has seen the light of day. It is a beautifully crafted wonder about the life of a Yorkshire rag rug maker and the fascinating history behind her story rugs. It is crammed full of fabulous photos taken by Lesley, and details of her rugs and exactly how she made them and why. It is the story of the life of a Daleswoman illustrated in textiles. It is published by American publishers Schiffer and is quite a solid book. Lesley has slept, ate, dreamed and lived this book for many a long month with countless re-readings and editing and e-transfer backwards and forwards across the pond. We are all immensely proud of her achievement. You will have to excuse my poor photography of the book but it was too large to scan.
We must look at this picture and wonder,
I’ve never been roaming down in the southwest US too much before, so the drive down and back were amazing as well. The western Rockies (ok, been there), Canyonlands, Arches, the Grand Canyon, the Petrified Forest, and Painted Desert amongst the amazing terrain of Colorado, Utah, Arizona and New Mexico made the whole week just the adventure I was looking for!
I feel like I’m in grey. I’m so confused about everything. It blends together then melts away. I feel more and more like myself every day, yet different. I feel more like the person I’ve always wanted to be, but somehow it seems twisted, just off. This isn’t quite what I imagined. It’s darker than I thought. I figured this would be a place of light; the lack of shadows and confusion, but there are even more now. Every corner I turn is another shade of grey, with black blurring out the edges. I seek it out. I wanted darkness, somehow. But I still never thought it would be this way. It’s certainly not what everyone else has, but maybe it works for me. Maybe it really is what I’ve been wanting.
But I'm not here to say whether or not he's an aspie.
And the fourth rule: never take writing advice from an unpublished writer who blogs.
He said it was fun to write, so it will be fun to read. This series was definitely my favorite from Rick Riordan, second being Percy Jackson and the Olympians. I still haven’t read Son of Neptune, so I’m not sure what I think about Heroes of Olympus. And it will probably be 2015 before I read Mark of Athena.
Ordinarily Greg wore shirts buttoned to the neck, slacks and a long, dark coat and he often wore a hat, a Trilby or a Homburg type of affair. Every Friday night Greg would make an extra effort with his dress. He had a shirt, black on one side white on the other, the colours divided by the row of buttons down the front. He would wear a bolo tie fastened with a tie slide of silver. With his hair scraped back and the light not reaching his eyes, he was quite striking. The first time I saw him dressed like this I said,
BISHO police headquarters yesterday responded to corruption allegations by the former head of the Newton Park vehicle identification unit.
"I won't need a parachute!"
Kankamma’s husband also does labour work in Hyderabad. He was frequently visiting his family. So kanakamma was alone in the village. She often falls sick with tiredness, giddiness etc. Due to this problem she was not able to concrete on her work. So she was facing lot of problems physically and emotionally. She visited local doctors for her sickness but found no relief. She was totally depressed and worried. She was not even able to visit any private hospital due to her poverty.
All of the firefighters I talked to (it was at least a two-alarm blaze, maybe three, based on the number of trucks on the scene) said that everyone got out unharmed. The FDNY also did a great job protecting the rest of the block--lights on in the apartments below and adjacent to the blaze suggested that damage was minimal (though I'm sure water damage will hurt the folks below). No one from FDNY on the scene knew the cause of the fire, which inspectors will determine later tonight.
The Collegeville Farmer’s Market took a slightly different approach; the vendors there did indeed care about the environment, but cared more about their business. This is not to say that they were simply using the proclamation of “sustainability” and “natural products” as selling platforms, but they were, for the most part, incidental and out of convenience, rather than an active fight against overdrawing of resources. Paul Crognale, for example, grows his own vegetables without using harsh and damaging chemicals, which incidentally does not harm the earth, and is completely natural. He does this because it is his personal belief that using them is wrong, not because he is concerned with the world environment. Similarly, Kay Bryant makes clothing and jewelry out of recycled and repurposed materials because she does not see a point in constantly getting new materials, although she sometimes does. For the businesses interviewed, each interviewee took some measure to keep their environment healthy and in order, but it was mostly a secondary goal rather than a primary one.
Hubby even engraved it to say “princess ring.” What a smart guy I have! I guess I will keep him.
Memories rush through her mind of the child she once carried, of the One Who sat upon her lap and nestled against her. But another memory crowds those out; one she tried to lock away in a secret corner of her heart. Those prophetic words spoken to her after His birth, which now come back to haunt her, “And a sword will pierce your own soul, too.” (Luke 2:35 NIV)
Awaiting the result..........
Call it the anti-Bible. A consolation of writings for the faithless, the infidel, the unconvinced. I picked up the book because the topic is interesting. I also thought it could be helpful in understanding why some people find faith incredulous or just don’t have an interest in spirituality. With major names ranging from the new atheists to some of the old, the book offers a who’s who of disbelief and logical discourse. I thought it could be interesting to share my initial reactions as I worked through the book, giving my own impressions of the work and offering some comments relating to elements that I find most persuasive/useful, even if one maintains a faith oriented perspective. So begins the journey, like Don Quixote and the windmills. If anything else, it hopefully should be interesting.
When the case was called very early, around 10:10 am, the landlord’s representative told the Judge that she didn’t have her receipt book, which would have proved her case immediately. Her Honor was surprised by this, as it turned the case into a he said, she said affair. The Judge then told the landlord’s unprepared rep to take a few minutes to call her boss and straighten out the matter. As time elapses, the peanut gallery (adjacent waiting room) has to be shushed a number of times by the Court Clerk. It’s getting loud!
my scribbles are as pale as a watermark.
- Grès de Montpellier*
This past weekend was nice and relaxing. I'm trying to enjoy as many of them as I can before school starts and then my weekends will consist of studying a bunch and trying to keep my sanity.
And every so often, most often in the car and when it's just the two of us, she will open up. The lack of eye contact seems to help. Which is one of the reasons I don't mind our commute. If that's what it takes to have genuine communication, I will take it.
Virginia Frances Schwartz says: “As a writer, I sit down at my desk, or lie in a field studying clouds in the sky, and listen carefully to the words in my head, the same way I did as a child. I try to get them down as fast as I can at first and do a lot of revision later. The words often come in a rush and my hand moves so fast, it hurts.”
I’ve been an avid reader since early childhood and Vienna Prelude was my first foray into Christian fiction. Wow. I gobbled up the sequels as quickly as I could, and I don’t think I ever looked back. I was hooked on Christian fiction. Sure I read secular novel at times, but I love stories written from a Christian worldview. Stories that I don’t have to skim pages in order to guard my eyes and my heart.
But also – don't put your editor’s hat on too soon. In the early drafts, your imagination should be in control. Don't worry at this stage what anyone will think. There’ll be plenty of time to revise and rewrite later.
Then to dinner before coming home and watching the stars in the exact spot they used to. It was an incredible night and Gracie knew she didn’t deserve it but she didn’t want to break Nicolas’ heart. She knew she was a lucky woman and would continue to make it up to him for the rest of her days.
While contentment is satisfaction in a sense, it is NOT COMPLAINCY. It is more a matter or strength and stability that enables consistency. It is not feeling the need to pursue things you don’t want or need just for the sake of possessing them. It is being consistent in the lean times and the plenty…having a sense of joy and peacefulness that is not dependent upon your environment or the conditions in which you are currently living your life.
» communicates with MacOs and Windows based PCs
Or that it's a way of getting their minds off the sad fact that they have just lost one more year of their precious lives. But still, not a reason for celebration.
Examples of the confusion of Afrikaner intellectuals are easily found. A simple survey of recent publications provides the following examples: In a 17 August 2005 editorial Die Burger states that it is "die ANC vandeesweek 'n spesiale verklaring uitgereik het waarin Afrikaans gelukgewens word met sy 130 jaar van bestaan …". That the ANC is using statements such as these in a cynical attempt to pacify Afrikaners on the language issue has apparently not quite registered with the editors of Die Burger. Nelson Mandela is almost universally revered by Afrikaner commentators. It is indeed true that his personal intervention and charisma avoided a civil war in South Africa, but it is also a fact that the ANC, under his leadership, negotiated a new South African constitution which apparently implies the extinction of Afrikaners and the formation of a "New South African". An honest and frank evaluation would indicate that at best, Nelson Mandela should be regarded with mixed feelings by Afrikaners. Lastly, leaders of the Afrikaner community realize that many skilled Afrikaners are locked out by BEE and AA from the economy, and they have now offered to compile a register of such people. This is a very lame reaction. In a normal situation, the leaders of an ethnic group would have expressed outrage at the discrimination, but then, these are decadent and not normal times.
That there are American sons and fathers still missing-in-action or whose whereabouts are unknown troubles me greatly.
Then, I began to realize that some of the 'errands' were jobs he could have done equally well himself.
The details of any phone call, email exchange, and website visit would be available to the British police and security services so that the government would be able to “protect the public,” reported the Sunday Times.
One of your goals for your online community — whether you create your own or use an existing social media site — is to influence people. We’ve talked about having goals for your social net­working efforts, which involves figuring out what activities you want people to take. So how do you influence your community and spark them to action?
I sort of created the recipe for my Ginger Lemon Sandwich Cookies, which was inspired by both a ginger-lime sandwich cookie served at a cooking class I attended earlier in December, and some really wonderful ginger molasses spice cookies that were the favor at my friends Peter and Natatia's wedding in October (you might remember, I ate Korean Fried Chicken shortly before they walked down the aisle. Romantic!). Amazingly, Natatia made approximately 1,200 cookies for all of her guests - thanks, Tash!
I can't believe I have been away so long from my blog!! I like to be able to put up work on a regular basis, but just haven't been able to get a thing done over the past few weeks. I decided to take a leaf out of my friend Kim's book and create a Clean and Simple card (CAS).
The present Fish Market, a Grade II Listed Building, was built between 1878 and 1880 to a design by city engineer A.M. Fowler replacing the former one in The Guildhall which was enclosed and converted into a news room (1897-98).
Other skin conditions, such as herpes and psoriasis are treated with aloe gel. The gel has shown to provide greater healing qualities than 1 percent hydrocortisone cream, which is commonly prescribed for skin ailments.
To be honest, I took advantage of that perk much more at the frozen yogurt place than Ben & Jerry's (let's not lie, a cup of ice cream on a daily basis would be a little much). But I did treat myself at least once a week.
Cape Town - Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu has called on the media and public to stop calling Limpopo rape and murder accused Johan Kotzé the "Modimolle monster", saying that despite his alleged crimes, he is still a child of God.
Needless to say, Ben's story for the contest was a bit silly and crazy. The story was basically about a boy taking a vacation/road trip with his family and a few strange things that happened to him while on the trip. He worked very hard on his story and did a great job. I was very proud of Ben. His story was perfect.... except for one little thing.
(I DIDN USE THIS THOUGH I DID HAVE PRESERVE COZ THIS WAS SO GOOD THAT DIDN FEEL THE NEED TO ADD ANYTHING.......
2. Stabilization - Recuperation
Goucher has an artsy and comsmopolitan feel. Students seem happy, but weren't as openly friendly as those at Earlham. As visitors, we felt welcome, not awkward, walking through campus.
Economists covering Brazil increased their 2013 inflation forecast to the highest on record after the central bank reiterated it would continue cutting its benchmark lending rate.
The secret formula of how to completely eliminate your debt in 1/3 the time and save tens of thousands on interest costs in the process. You'll see why all the TV gurus are wrong!
Mirai Nikki gets into this groove of having a lot of mediocrity occasionally punctuated by a half decent or wholly awful episode. Nothing all that interesting happens, and when it does it doesn’t take long for it to fall back into a status quo of Yukiteru relying on Yuno. Quite dull. However, this all changed after his father ended up killing his mother and then dying as well in episode 17. A string of excellent episodes followed. After that moment Yukiteru, seemingly broken or fucked up or something at the loss of both his parents, takes on a new vigor to win this game at any cost, so that he can become god and resurrect everyone that has died as a result, but mostly his parents. He becomes cold-blooded, betrays and kills many friends and comrades just to advance his own chances of winning. He shows bravery, manliness and of course no mercy, and it makes such a refreshing change of pace. Hell, when he’s told that the Yuno he knows is an imposter, he just replies that he doesn’t give a fuck!
Media reports focus on an aging population, economic stagnation and a brain drain; Maine is still recovering from the decline of the once all-mighty paper and pulp industry here, and the state’s riverbanks are dotted with old mill towns in varying states of health.
Good thing someone knows what they're doing! That sounds like an invitation to let loose a bit and trust The One who knows. Yes please.
What needs to be said on this topic is that I am thrilled to be among those sufficiently youthful to “make the cut” - the two extra years of work that I am so looking forward to! Two years more that I will:
- As early as 1908: commanders who surrendered their units were executed
We loose peace in the name of Jesus.
Writing proposals or synopses and sample chapters
Took to the platform, our new Minister.
Okay, back to the sign...
Boy, we had fun out there opening day! Only problem was that Nathan and his Daddy went into the "so extremly difficult, don't expect to see your wife and daughter for at least a couple of hours" part of the Corn Maze, while Sonya and I went into the "so easy my 7 year old daughter got us through in about 10 minutes" Corn Maze. Which left said daughter and I going to do everything several more times while poor hubby was left to trudge after the lost son for about an hour and a half in 90+ degree weather, with no water, uphill, all the way, through the blazing desert and quicksand, with a naggy wife on the dying cell phone asking "how much longer are you going to be in there?" He, he, he! I'm glad I went with Sonya!
New perspective? Voila!
What would Kate Daniels' book be without blood, gore and someone trying to kill her? Please that’s just another Tuesday for Kate.
Now granted, no school is getting into the BCS title game based on the BlogPoll, which makes it an exercise of fun rather than hard business (although Brian deserves serious commendation for taking steps to reduce the element of bias in the results), but when the guy running the show acknowledges that there may not be much of a point to the exercise early on, it certainly highlights the argument billyzane made in his post.
- Will my partner be strong enough to walk this path with me despite everything?
When you look at the screenshots available for this game, it's easy to see why people were drawn into it. This game is undeniably pretty and employs heavy use of lighting effects, overlays and other tricks to bring each of its hand-drawn maps to life. This beauty seeps out into all the other areas of the game. From the look and feel of the menu systems to the animation of the NPCs to the cutscene stills that are used for the sake of story-telling, everything looks amazing. If you're looking for a game that contains a lot of eye-candy then this is definitely it, because I can't think of many games that look better than Heirs of Techcatl does.
When I told the manager of the safari camp about Ms Vogel’s exploits, he nodded in solemn appreciation.
Our fulfillment comes from serving our master.
After the prayer.. my Grandma just kept expressing how much she loves her girls.
Amanda Ashby - Fairy Bad Day
Halloween 2011
He is being held in County Jail in lieu of $875,000 bail. Police have not released his photo because they were doing photo lineups Tuesday.
It was quite the most passive experience I've ever had. It's more passive than watching television or a film, and different from other instructional theatre (say, Bettybooke's En Route, which I saw at the Adelaide Fringe a couple of years ago) in the severe limitations it places on choice. There isn't any, as there is no interactivity built into it; even if I chose not to "look out of the window" as instructed, the camera still made me do it.
If Ian Fox interviews me for some online project he’s doing, then I can blog about him interviewing me. On this basis, British-based American comedian Lewis Schaffer and I have built up a fruitful cyber-incestuous relationship by occasionally blogging about each other. I quote him in my blog, which he then mentions in his blog, which I then comment on and on and on…
and you yourself, lost in between,
Let me try and explain it to you. I have been frustrated in most of my jobs in civil service. The various agencies and tasks that I have been given to perform often seemed mundane, inefficient, and produced no tangible results. Furthermore, pending changes were always driving our work model. We didn’t manage change, change was always managing us. This meant that we have always been behind the curve in dealing issues such as changes in laws, regulations, resource issues or technology. The key words in every office I have worked in for the past 20 years have been ‘triage’ and ‘catch-up’. Being proactive is a foreign concept in my world.
Happy Wednesday everyone!!..This is such an exciting week for us here at Betty Bee's Buzz!! Not only do we get to share with you our Christmas creations, but we get to be a part of a really cool site...Jingle Belles!!
if i follow this list maybe i’ll remember…i came home smelling like w—-, there were cups all over, i’d ripped five new band dates playing from the newspaper , with black magic marker circled over…
In 1991, his second album, Mama Said (US#39, UK#8, Germany#20), was released. It was more introspective and sold platinum. Its single It Ain't Over 'Til It's Over was a hit (US#2, UK#11, Germany#43). In 1993, the third album, Are You Gonna Go My Way (US#12, UK#1, Germany#7), was the first to be acclaimed by critics. The title song won an MTV Video Award for Best Male Video.
SIGN UP HERE:
Until Germans realize the scale of the negative consequences they will face in the case of a eurozone break-up, resistance to swallowing the debts of peripheral nations is likely to continue.
After I scream and kick and stomp my ungrateful foot; I stop! I know God is gracious, God is kind, He loves me as much as He loves the people in my life. He has forgiven me as much as He has forgiven the person I am so upset “at”. He is watching over and leading me just like He is watching over and leading them.
CTMH Ink- Desert Sand, Holiday Red, Clover Meadow, Star Spangled Blue, and Hydrangea
Today is the day of Cookham Regatta.
MACE, Mid-America Association of Computers in Education, hosts an awesome conference every March 1st. I’m heading up early to help with our ESSDACK booth and to join in on the pre-conference festivities.
Here's how it looked after about 5 minutes of acid, and then wiped clean and dried. It's hard to see in the photo, but in real life, the patina on the galvanized steel looked better than the one on the zinc coated steel, so I decided to focus my efforts on that one (the smaller of the two).
Interesting enough to cough up three dollars I decided. I managed to lug the basket and two stacks of French books up to the cashier with the help of two nice gentlemen who work in the thrift shop.
I’ve been a bit lonely since everyone has been revising. Not to mention that everyone who wasn’t was off traveling. How they’ve got the time to do so, is beyond me. Some other international students are on programmes, but I’m here for the full year, directly enrolled in uni, so I’ve got to stay until I’ve gotten the exams sorted.
Ruth – to stay with her mother-in-law rather than return to her own home. “I don’t know anyone in Israel!”
It is rude to refuse the first glass of brandy, especially as it gives you the pleasure of the heart.
A big thank you to Mallori for sharing all of her fun photos and memories from her trip. Up next, a yummy recipe from Courtney at The Granola Chronicles you won't want to miss!
An adorable young hippy couple came back three times (!) and lovingly cradled mugs and bowls that I had deemed 'bad pots' and filled up more bags and boxes of bargain stuff...those two really got it! They kept saying they loved my flawed mugs and bowls with crazy glaze drips and crusty bubbles exclaiming "it all had such good energy!"....and they would love to eat and drink from handmade stuff...it really connected me again with why I do this work and why it feeds my soul.
I swear that 90%+ of the protestors in Muslim countries have not seen the cartoons and do not know the name of the paper and when I say that I'm sure of it because I have access to the web 24/7 and I spent a really long time searching for the cartoons and couldn’t find them until a friend emailed me a link and.
I appreciate the effort, time and amount of work that has gone into this book. It reads well, not too heavy going, and it flows nicely. It’s just a shame some silly factual errors let it down.
AW the Alchemist paid tribute to their stalwart Gary Devil after he decided to hang his boots after 20 years in the game. He wore only one jersey throughout his career.
I defy anyone to suggest that the killers in both the Wichita and Knoxville cases would not have been automatically charged with hate crimes had the races been reversed.
Our national anthem, our holy bible and the song of which the band took its name from. It’s the first song we wrote and the last song we mixed in the studio. It’s about being better than the average Joe, have more fun than everybody else and speaking whatever’s on our minds. If the album goes gold, I gotta have Sonic The Hedgehog tattooed on my arm. But it wouldn’t surprise me if I had it done anyway.
Bu in this next extract, the testimony Coulson gave begins – in the light of recent events – to look not just rocky, but decidedly cocky:
But I think you get where I'm coming from. I've visited all your links and I've enjoyed all your stories. And can I just say...
I decided to research a little more.
I just finished writing my latest YA novel, Universal Forces, in a marathon stretch. It’s a romantic thriller set in West Texas—black sky country—that features plenty of astronomy. So to give myself a mental break, I’m starting a chapter book series about two knuckleheads who travel the country and…wait, it’s top secret. Anyway, an 8,000-word romp with fart jokes is just the thing I need to loosen my brain until I can dive into another complex thriller, my preferred novel genre.
Seeded or not, depending on your heat tolerance or acceptance. Sliced at an angle. You want to stuff these in little nooks of the fishes. So take that as a reference. I mean you are lookig at the fish..right? :)
Here are the sections of Agent Vinod's dossier that impressed me most.
Specifically…
In the early sixties Iceland was a closed society dependent on agriculture and fishing. The music scene was an old-fashioned one, where big-bands dominated the trendy scene of the capitol Reykjavík but the accordion was still the main instrument for the majority of the people. Rock and roll was known only to a select group of teenagers in the city.
To once again let my love pour forth to you
May we join with God in this healing and hopeful endeavor. AMEN.
I suggest getting one of the smaller binders -- mine is approximately 7 inches by 9 inches. Larger ones would be fine, but the smaller one is easy to keep with your Bible. I prefer the kind with a clear pocket on the front and back covers, to slip your own “cover art” into. Mine has a colorful picture on the front cover, along with the words “Prayer Journal” and a favorite quotation on prayer. On the back cover there’s another colorful picture (I cut these from Gooseberry Patch catalogs, as these picture many of my favorite things) , part of a poem about prayer, and a verse (James 5:16). I cut card stock sheets in half to fit my binder and -- after punching holes in them -- used them as dividers for the different sections. I used index tabs to label the different sections. I cut white paper in half, punched holes on one side, and used these to write my actual requests on. For the special people in my life, I have their photos (stuck to card stock with clear photo corners) right across from the page with my prayer requests for them. Whenever I come across something that will help me in my prayer life, I incorporate it into my prayer journal. For example, one mission board made available a bookmark listing basic, biblical ways to pray for missionaries. I cut this up and scattered the different requests on the card stock divider for my “Missionaries” page. Every time I pray for missionaries, I have before me some concrete ways to pray for them.
with the keys.
4) When using the search function, searches are case sensitve. All keywords are lower case, so for best results, don't use capital letters when performing a search.
Didya get any onja?
In the end the day belonged to Austin Jackson, the Tigers much maligned leadoff hitter who has been constantly criticized for his numerous strikeouts over his first two professional seasons. It also didn’t help that he took over center field for Curtis Granderson, who put together an MVP-caliber season for the Yankees last year.
neglect the Word and your choices are made in darkness, you’ll get yourself
I have showed up for coffee with a bar of chocolate (at best) or nothing (at worst).
874 **D-III/2/1984. “Beowulf: The Artist as Christian and as Thinker.” St. John’s College, Sante Fe, New Mexico. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), above, pp. 207-27.)
I'm one of those that think they kind of make an outfit.
Sometimes I have a rabid need to to save every mother, to soothe her baby for her, to fix what can’t be fixed, to make right what can never be made right; I am besieged. But the babies don’t need my arms, they need hers, and her battle isn’t mine to fight. The only thing I can really do is see for her, to bear witness to every black stain underfoot in a Wal-mart parking lot, because each one is a mother’s leaking lifeline. I am beholden to her pain, but can only illuminate it from a distance. All I can do is know what it’s like. And in knowing, understand that I’ll never know how hard it really is.
in the markets in which they have to live. They are going to have to print
The potential is enormous for the use of the island as a an upscale private boutique resort. There are four residences on the island, a private Harbour that houses the five vessels included with the island, a fitness center comparable to commercial facilities, two beaches, and much more.
For over a year now, the Department of Justice has been stone-walling the House committees investigating Operation Fast And Furious, wherein thousands of semi-automatic rifles ("assault rifles" in the liberal vernacular) were deliberately allowed to "walk" into Mexico, straight into the hands of drug cartel killers. One of those weapons was used to murder Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry a dozen miles inside of U.S. territory.
If you were to rate your luck/unluckiness, how would you rate?
you sway me, I give
The CNN news blog story quotes two American “experts” on why the Japanese are so well behaved. Gregory Pflugfelder of Columbia University says it is because, unlike Americans, Japanese are not individualistic and care about the group. Merry White of Boston University says Americans loot and riot because of frustration over “alienation and class gaps.”
Good morning! It's a chilly 28 degrees here in Atlanta this morning and there is a thick layer of glistening frost on the lawn, bushes and rooftops. My poor little southern children thought it has snowed-lol! This cool weather has finally gotten me back in the mood for stamping and creating- it's been a long time since my craft room has seen any action!
Cool completely before removing from cases. Eat, indulge, smile, happy.
A recycling logo with a percentage (%) sign in the center deontes that the product is made up of a certain percentage of recycling materials. For example, if the logo includes the type “50%” in the center of it, then it is claiming the product contains 50% recycled material. Again, the coloring of the logo is not important, just the design (my example just happens to be green!).
Big Star - #1 Record/Radio City - 1972/1974
Loud buzzer. It didn't happen. I let things get to me and all the sudden I'm crippled with worry and guess what suffers--my writing, my health, my well-being. I hate to keep harping on this. Ya'll must be getting tired of my whining by now, but you put up with it, because in spite of the above paragraph, you guys make things easier. I just wanted to thank you for that. For your support and encouragement. I know it's not just words. Just saying this lifts a huge burden off my chest. Funny how just saying "Thanks" can make a person feel better.
Then I thought of going back to what a blog really is.....a web/journal writing things from day to day, but too many things go on in my head that it will be too long to read!
GET A LITTLE MORE FANCY...TAP and TOP
1. …The title is, “Praise, to David himself.” Praise to Christ Himself. And since He is called David, who came to us of the seed of David, yet He was our King, ruling us, and bringing us into His kingdom, therefore “Praise to David himself” is understood to mean, Praise to Christ Himself. Christ according to the flesh is David, because He is the Son of David: but according to His Divine Nature He is the Creator of David, and Lord of David. “I will exalt Thee, my God, my King; and I will bless Thy Name for the age, and age upon age” (ver. 1). Ye see that the praise of God is here begun, and this praise is carried on even to the end of the Psalm. …Now then begin to praise, if thou intendest to praise for ever. He who will not praise in this transitory “age,” will be silent when “age upon age” has come. But lest any one should in any otherwise also understand what he saith, “I will praise Thy Name for the age,” and should seek another age, wherein to praise, he saith, “Every day will I bless Thee” (ver. 2). Praise then and bless the Lord thy God every day, that when single days have passed, and there has come one day without end, thou mayest go from praise to praise, as “from strength to strength.” No day shall pass by, wherein I bless Thee not. And it is no wonder, if in thy day of joy thou bless the Lord. What if perchance some day of sorrow hath dawned on thee, as is natural in the circumstances of our mortal nature, as there is abundance of offences, as temptations are multiplied; what, if something sad befall thee, a man; wilt thou cease to praise God? wilt thou cease to bless thy Creator? If thou cease, thou hast lied in saying, “every day,” etc. But if thou cease not, although it scent to thee to be ill with thee in the day of thy sorrow, yet in thy God it shall be well with thee. …
with which you loved us
Four Assigned Parking Garage Spaces
And legs, and arms, and heads will crop
In all my years as a store owner, I think that our shop exudes that. Candles and fragrance make me feel good and create a mood. Jewelry, scarves and handbags are perfect little pick me ups and an easy way to brighten up an outfit. Even gourmet items during holidays have a bright spot.
Ok, I am expecting probably 100 games behind the dish from V-Mart with some time at 1B and DH scattered in there as well. Figure maybe 130-140 games total. That is pretty decent all in all for a catcher, especially if Tito wants to keep him nice and rested as the season goes along. Projections are showing him to be about a .365/.455/.820 guy all in all (that would be OBP/SLG/OPS for those of you who aren’t as stat minded as me). As a catcher’s numbers, those are great. But, do not believe that V-Mart is the next coming of Johnny Bench. Do not expect huge power numbers from him. That has never been his game. But, he could easily knock in 100 or more hitting third on this team where I imagine he will be slotted. I think he will be around the projection numbers with about 20 HRs and 100 RBI. I’m not going out on a limb with that I know, but I think it will work out that way. Varitek will actually put up nice numbers as well backing him up and facing mainly lefties. I can see him going .350/.450/.800 in limited duty. That would make for a very nice catching situation offensively. Defensively…. well, let’s not get into opponents stealing. That is scary.
It's like watching a fatal car crash, ...in slow motion.
“I still have the unique issue of abortion,” Nelson said on Sunday’s Face the Nation. “I’ve said I can’t support the bill with the abortion language that’s there.”
DUH!! Not Gonna Have a PITY PARTY & give up. I mentioned a couple of
Two dead of gas-poisoning at Grootvlei: There also was a deadly accident at the mine on 6 Desember 2009, with two mineworkers including a shift-boss dying of gas-poisoning – another worrying indication of a serious lack of mine-security, the trade union warned. Its mineworkers – who often didn’t get paid for months – still remained opposed to any strike: “the gold has to keep coming out of that mine – without the gold there will be no money to pay the salaries’. That statement was issued in January 2010. Since that time there has been an ominous silence around the Grootvlei mine. Bhana had the last word: “The amount of gold now being mined is so minimal that it can’t even be considered.’ http://www.solidaritysa.co.za/Tuis/wmview.php?ArtID=2907
There is a precious lady that is a member of our church that lives in an apartment complex in our little town and she is a magnet for all of the kids that live there. They all affectionately refer to her as Granny Gail. She is in her 60's and a tiny little wisp of a woman. She has not been blessed with the best of health, having to be on oxygen at different times. Gail is definately on a very fixed income and does not have a lot of extras in life. However, the one thing that I admire the most about Gail is that she has bloomed where she was planted.
"I am enjoying the country," he tells someone else, "There are some lovely bush walks and the scenery is amazing."
Interesting. One of Troll County's barrier Islands is probably about 15% Jewish. But it's not a "neighborhood" and most of them are snowbirds or retirees. In Miami Beach, near my hotel, it's actually families and businesses and probably more like 90%. My personal favorite was "Kemtov's Pizza". Perhaps there is an Italian neighborhood somewhere with a "Marinelli's Kosher Deli"?
Financiers are small French almond cakes traditionally baked in rectangular moulds, hence earning the honour of resembling a gold bar. As I do not have the rectangular moulds, I baked these in heart-shaped muffin cups. Hmm, does that make them a heart of gold instead? Hehe... :)
Above, left to right: MAC Show Orchid, MAC Trimming Talk and MAC Lickable.
The other day, I had to tell a sweet but ineffective teacher that she wouldn’t have a job next year. I came home and cried. While there isn’t room in the classroom for ineffectiveness, it breaks my heart to be the one to shut a door.
Chican@/Latin@ Literature Teacher (forever in mind and in spirit)
Finally, you scare me because if you serve a second term I will probably not feel safe in writing a similar letter in 8 years.
Symbolism of Yule:
2) Write and submit one or more short stories for the first time. - I have written one new story (about 1000 words) but will not be submitting it right now. It's for a private forum competition and I'll be waiting to see what feedback I get from that before sending it out for a regular submission. I've got a couple of new stories in process as well.
So a bunch of my fellow polish ladies did a "splatterday" for yesterday, but I was a bit late, better late than never right!? So everyone had some sort of splatter mani.
We would, of course, be mad to believe that Johnson is doing anything other than seeking to deceive the public in the hope of reducing the potential vote for the BNP. For a senior member of the current government to claim that they are no longer in favour of mass immigration is as credible as serial rapist declaring that he has gone gay, their past record exposes their lie.
By midnight, my patience was at an end. I decided to break in the double hung window outside the bathroom.
Tau Cheo (Preserved soya bean) is one of the most commonly used ingredients in Chinese cooking. It is a great ingredient that can bring out the flavours in a dish.
Here's proof of her being a stinker. WE finally gave her something to cry about by sticking her in the basket. She did NOT think that was a good idea.
7. Cut into shapes. Place on parchment or Silpat covered baking sheet.
2. Meanwhile place bulgur in a fine mesh strainer and rinse in several turns of water, then set aside to drain. Fluff the bulgur, then add to the remaining filling ingredients (onion, meat, spices). Knead the mixture well with you hands until it forms a sticky paste (dampen your hands with cold water if it gets too sticky).
I started thinking about all this when the cleaning maid who comes to our office told me about herself.I have known her for about a year now. I usually reach office earlier than rest of my colleagues so it’s mostly her and me in the office at the start of the work day.And being the talkative person I am,I chat with her almost everyday.
To the BN die-hards, things have gotten worse. but to many Malaysians the change is enlivening and more must take place. What’s for sure is that things are no longer the same.
"Holy Jesus," one person yelled in a 911 call. "Yeah, I was there, and he shot three people."
Founder’s Breakfast Stout; Grand Rapids, Michigan, Imperial Stout, 8.3% abv
The reason is: tapping just before bed is a good habit to get into whatever the age of the child. The tapping will help to dislodge the energies that have got stuck during the day and help your toddler to sleep. It is especially useful if your child has difficulty sleeping. Try it – you’ll be amazed!
I just recently updated my little girls room in the theme of hot pink and zebra. Of course, there are a lot of things to purchase when you are updating a bedroom. There are a few things that I hadn't purchased yet, but knew I would get around to eventually. The one thing I still have not picked up yet is zebra sheet set, which my little girl is wanting badly. So, when I was given the chance to do a review for Uppercases, I was really excited on the selection and when I came across a case that had a zebra on it, I knew it was the perfect one to review.
Available for the first time in trade paperback and with a new introduction for the 50th anniversary edition by Nathaniel Phil-brick, author of In the Heart of the Sea and Sea of Glory, Walter Lord's classic minute-by-minute re-creation is as vivid now as it was upon first publication fifty years ago. From the initial distress flares to the struggles of those left adrift for hours in freezing waters, this semicentennial edition brings that moonlit night in 1912 to life for a new generation of readers.
Oh and my Chi running form is falling into place though I know its not perfect by any means. It sure does alleviate the effort. No pains while running, though right now, I can feel the left heel - inside, mid way up.
The black and white photo lab I've been doing wrapped up last week. I didn't shoot as many rolls of film as I would have liked to, but that about seems par for the course. I've never been much of a film shooter before, let alone developing my own film and making prints, so this was all new to me. My cameras of choice were the Diana (modeled after the 1960s classic medium-format plastic cameras), and some old cameras picked up at thrift stores and flea markets. They're pretty much basic point-and-shoots with minimal (if any) exposure and aperture settings, and result in soft lo-fi images with light leaks and edge vignetting.
Recent research: association with exogenous or endogenous factors (genetic variation in metabolic detoxification activities)
Apparently it is difficult. It has been allowed to develop from a simple leadership contest to something that could seriously split the party. There was no need for this. Initially there was a very big chance that Nick would have won anyway, but at least questions that needed answers would have been brought into the open and he would have had renewed authority to carry on for another three years.
Of me and you
out of fashion in womenswear for a while now, Now
Na N1400 I supose to dey make from each journi now o but by d time I gv all dose thif pipu (agbero and police) I go make N1200,I go con pay my condukto N500,dat mean say nah N700 I dey get from eash jouney now. If God hellep me I go go 4 to 5 times(wen ma turn reash for park),dat mean say nah at least N3500 I bin dey make everyday.
It seemed like devoting my life to the little fuckers was so incredibly unselfish and madonna-like.
Learn how checking and savings accounts can work for you!
“An 11-year-old boy with no credit card had been able to access websites that presented every possible kind of perversion. Today’s pornography is vile beyond description,” she wrote. Scenes of violence, sadism, degradation of women and child abuse were common among the material stored on Charlie’s computer.
I tighten the chinstrap of my skeptical hat and wonder if I'm even looking at Kathy Griffin's fridge at all.
Mr Marshall Marshall chuckled softly. “There is no need to tell you about it Obadiah Preston,” he rasped, “no need at all.”
Other interesting anecdotes:
This card uses the stamps in a more "country" style way...I just got the paper and embellishments at my local scrapbooking store Altered Playground. Cathy always keeps the coolest things in stock, and is always so helpful and full of inspiration. I feel lucky to have such an awesome store here in our small town! Anyway..the embellishments and paper are called "tinsel and twig" by "the girls paperie". I so fell in love with how it all worked together that I just started pulling things off the wall and couldn't wait to use it. Lucky we were to use the "Christmas Swirls" this week! I stamped the star in the set on the word printed side of the paper and embossed it with clear EP. Then I sponged it with a coordinating green ink using the star image as a resist, and cut it out. Then I put the rest of the card together using the sketch as a guide, and stamped the three words from the set last.
I saw no evidence throughout this period of the progressive collapse of the South African commercial agricultural sector that the present food-deprivation amongst the SA population could, in any way shape or form, have been caused by 'global warming' or 'climate change'.
Money Remaining: $409,000
Another reason I hate going around this country is that every town centre in Britain is dead or dying. High Street shops are boarded up. And the ones that remain are cheesy pound shops and betting offices or are shops just struggling like the United Kingdom struggles to remain relevant.
X is for Xcuse Me
2:05pm: I was fascinated by my blood drainage vac. I got a very twisted sense of satisfaction emptying the unit and recording the amount on a cute little sheet they gave me.
The latest release from the Southern California sextet marks a return to their ska-punk roots, evoking memories of 2003’s Rump Shaker. Day Job is missing some of the disco flair and poppy flourishes that characterized some of the band’s more recent releases, but it retains all of the infectious energy, hilarious lyrics, horn-driven melodies, and all-around fun that Suburban Legends are known for. It’s an excellent ska album and an all-around good time.
With my wife, if she actually reads the book there has to be something there to get her passed the first three chapters. She might give me the benefit of the doubt and push through to chapter 4 or 5 but that is it.
Happy Monday! I hope you all had a super fantastic weekend! I am excited to be popping in today with more playroom progress. I can't wait to check this room off of our project list. Playrooms are my favorite rooms to "play" with when it comes to design and organizing, so to finally be working and making progress on ours has been oodles of fun for me lately.
I recall the joy of forcing open the earth,
GAH! OMG! WTF is that, house?
OREKTIKA
Salamander Energy plc, Natural Gas Production in Indonesia, By Fields 18
I’ve helped a good friend of mine out with some of her college papers and trying to get all the paperwork for college taken care of so I can go to school and learn how to properly do things instead of the way I do them. I plan on shooting for a Bachelors of Computer Science and minor in something complimentary to CS.
Nehemiah was modeling to each of us a spiritual principle regarding sin. Whenever we sin, we give God permission to unleash the enemy into our souls to deal with that sin. Nehemiah understood this principle and warned the people of what this action would encourage from God. The people repented and returned the money gained through usury.
And then we have; “Nowhere can man find a quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul.” ~Marcus Aurelius, Meditations
3. The ADA gives a false impression of how it uses the money it raises. The main function the ADA serves is supposedly "education." Most of that education turns out to promoting the toxic advice that teaches people with diabetes to dine on dietary abominations like this Havana Banana Cake you will find on the ADA web site.
The cape the she wears is very fitting because it has little bears on it.
Plus 2 to the Rochefort 8. This turns things up a bit in more ways than just numbers, with a sweeter, burnt sugar aroma, and oodles of dried fruits. Plumper than its little brother, it delivers more big boy toffee than soft caramel flavours. Plummy and figgy, with a vinous edge, chewy is a good word to describe it, and I really like it for that. Despite the luscious fruitiness, it finishes quite dry with a tea-like tannic finish that makes it quite refreshing. It's a subtle bugger though, and being so drinkable you don't notice the 9.2% ABV sneaking up on you.
Soon open the cooker and add thick coconut milk and stir well and cook in low flame.
Add the prepared sandwich to the hot pan and reduce the heat to medium. Grill for two minutes before turning one-quarter turn to create perpendicular grill marks. After another two minutes, flip the sandwich and repeat the process on the other side. Carefully lift a corner of the sandwich to confirm that the cheese has melted and the marmalade is warm. Allow extra time if necessary to melt the cheese and warm the marmalade.
There has been much interest in Randy Poffo's minor league career. Card sets are sketchy from the seventies regarding the minors.
It was this very question that Jesus asked the apostle Peter after Jesus’ resurrection (John 21:15-18). You also remember that these questions were not only asked after Jesus’ resurrection, but also after Peter’s three-fold denial of Christ (Mt. 26:69-75) on the night of Jesus’ arrest — and on the night where he vehemently denied he would ever deny Christ (see Mk. 14:29; Lk. 22:33; Jn. 13:37).
My Luxe Box included:
On the evening of February 13th we flew to Dunedin, arriving at around 9pm. We picked up our rental car and found a motel in Mosgiel for the night. In the morning we were up before the lark and on the road to Lawrence before 7am. It took about an hour of easy driving to reach our destination, through open farmland, and then winding gorges. And there it was. We peered in the windows, finally tearing ourselves away to go for some breakfast and coffee, and a wander up and down the main street.
And I want to see ‘em hitchin’ at their son-in-law’s and pilin’
“The Royal Commission will be set up according to specific terms, which is to scrutinise and study the procedures related to interrogations that are used by the MACC. It will also identify if there were any violations of human rights during Teoh’s interrogation.
Being a writer and a reader, words are my life. I love word games such as Apples to Apples, Boggle, You've Been Sentenced, and Scrabble. I have so many more words and phrases that I would love to talk about, but then this post would be way too long. I hope you can tell me what you think of these words and phrases and tell me some of your favorites as well. And you don't even need to splurge to buy a vowell.
Not the best picture I guess, and not the best work by Aaryan but yes, it is from his heart :D My boy has used only scrappy bits that Mamma 'doesn't need'. He just came and asked me if I could spare some things - anything - that I may not want; then sat with his glue stick and created this by sticking it all in a random pattern. He also upcycled some things (like the plastic sheet in the middle, a stone that came off from a sandal - insisting that it is a black colored diamond for his uncle- and that foam letter 'E' which is not a letter but just a 'pattern'!) I asked if he wanted my help folding a card but he said he didn't want to make a 'normal' card and he just wanted to do his own thing!! :D The flowers are ready made but everything else is scrap that was lying in my scrap pile! And it is a big card!!! He has signed off with his name too :-p
- and leather trimmings Golden brass
I’ve been searching for my birth mother ever since my son was born. When my daughter was born first I was 15 years (almost 16) old at the time, and too preoccupied with my new meaning of life. I did think for a split second of how my birth mother could give such a beautiful thing away…but that was only for a split second. I had other things to think and worry about.
Do it for Mark Stein
Putting Lorette Avenue’s hermaphroditic charm to use, during the hot summer of 1978 I shot a fast frame Super 8 film out our front window into the backyards across the street. It wound up with a great Pere Ubu soundtrack, a song called Go, and is a popular choice on my DickTool channel on YouTube. Catch a glimpse of Lorette back then.
Information for YouTube video contestants can be found at FLUscam.com. The $2500 winner of Dr. Horowitz’s challenge can select payment in cash or OxySilver, far more valuable in saving lives and preventing vaccine injuries.
Skype- video chatting with people is cool now wouldn’t it be great to video chat with your favorite cousin or best friend in-between switching games, at jailbr3akpod we think so.
Number two:
The Opera is an elegant abode for cultured individuals to take part in the majesty of libretto coupled with classical music, costumes and caviar. Basically, a place where drunk morons should be excluded; and that is what makes it so great. Offending pompous aristocrats with fart noises and dick jokes is an experience all should engage in at least once. The Galiliean binoculars can help you in your effort to check out that cougar's juggs from across the theater. And, if you grow weary, your group can always jump on stage to reenact scenes from your favorite Rob Schneider films.
I’m so tired of reading almost the same plot in my manhwas/mangas/comic books. It’s all the same, or so I thought until I stumbled upon this manhwa. It’s completely different from those I’ve read. You really get pulled in the plot and the best part is, it makes you reflect on your life. If you love reading books that puts your mind on thinking mode then I definitely recomend this. It also gives off this Tim Burton-ish vibe (which I love).
The plan to go cycling, the plan to go swimming has not come to fruition however the obsession to geocache will keep me walking; my legs will be fit for starters! A lovely member of the geocaching Facebook page suggested an application for my smartphone, “c: geo” wow! I have spent absolutely ages logging around 28 local caches on there, not only that but it’s a free application and may save me a few quid on a proper Garmin GPS system J I think I may try it out Sunday with the family, Deep Hayes country park anybody? No muggles not you, keep out of my observations whilst I search for treasure.
In the next days I'll answer all the posts, specially "the Distractions" comments because they have new material.
Me: Yea, I mean, it would be awesome. You’d have a lot of work, make some money and I will manage you cause I am the brains behind this business. (I mean that is why I got my MBA, right? Totally genius material here)
I decided to practice my listening skills, empathy and nvc. I listened, left room for silence when she finished a sentence so that what was in the air could sink in or what was deep inside could come up, I reflected back what she had said, offered feelings and underlying needs, in a natural way.
So this Christmas – even if everyone else isn’t – choose to be merry! You’ll be surprised at how easy it is to spread some festive cheer.
Dickie was torn between looking for the dogs and his duty to warn the kids of Chuck’s return. He walked down the tracks and saw the lifeless body of Splasher.
I am thinking that £10 might be too little but got to give it a go. I’m sure it will lead to being more creative with ingredients and probably some strange combinations. I must get the freezers emptyed for all the Christmas Eve bargins!
has left me with some extra time (if there is such a thing:)
But the bill is far more alarming than that. For example, “the head of a department or agency of the Federal Government receiving cyber threat information…shall provide such cyber threat information to the National Cyber security and Communications Integration Center of the Department of Homeland Security.” No actual threat need be made. And what counts as “threat information” is defined so broadly that it can mean anything. “Notwithstanding any other provision of law,” the government may rely on “cyber security systems to identify and obtain cyber threat information.”
Best Best & Krieger LLP
The blisters weren't so awesome, but they were positioned in a way that it didn't hurt to bike.
Or a lot...It's Tera Lynn Childs day over at the Supernatural Underground and she's blogging about MERMAIDS!!!!!! Yea!!!!!!! And on top of that, all you have to do is comment on her post to enter yourself for a chance to win signed copies of ALL of Tera's books--For additional entries, follow the blog (it's freakin' awesome anyway, you know you want to!), tweet about it, link it to your own blog, or blog about it (just like me!)
These are Sight Word String-Ups! I use these quite a bit in my classroom, and my kids always enjoy using them. I'm posting this "mini-blog" early in the week because these plastic pencil boxes that I use to make these Sight Word String-Ups are on sale this week at Office Depot for just one penny each (at least in my area, anyway! You'll have to check with your local store, of course, if you want to make some. You may also want to call and find out if they still have any left in stock, because at least where I live, they run out of this item every year when they put them on sale for a penny. The teachers all snap them up right away! Our local Office Depot allows teachers to buy up to 30 items each if you have one of their teacher cards. However, I understand that not every store follows this policy, so check with your local store before investing time or money in the project, for sure.
Confine your criticism to a specific act. General criticism demoralizes people. It’s important not to make unrealistic demands. Suggest small steps and ways to improve. A good way to offer criticism to a miser would be, “Maybe this year you can give one percent more.” Increase the amounts little by little and soon the miser will turn into a generous donor. It is forbidden to shame someone in public. However if by remaining silent you will condone unethical behavior, you may speak out. In fact the gemara in Avodah Zarah says that if you don’t rebuke a sinner, you bear responsibility for the sin as well. If someone is speaking lashon hara and circumstances make it difficult to stop him, try to change the subject. If that fails, get up and leave.
You’re not crazy. Please repeat until you believe it.
Choosing a Mid-Priced Timepiece
I give it thanks for the hours spent sitting on the floor in the dining room, leaning against the wall, head back, eyes closed, listening to Shostakovich quartets, Mahler symphonies, assorted Messiaen, Webern, Stravinsky and anything else I could borrow from Birmingham Central Library.
So, imagination. As a film student, who will be going on to study English Literature and Creative Writing at university, followed by a PGSCE post grad degree, I need imagination just to survive. I have to be able to whip up a whole script out of nowhere, as well as a novel, a poem, a story.
As I replied: "Oh yes, I DO............ I do need to go into that room......... it's personal"....
You are done!!!
If a child knows you take their needs seriously and will help them find a way (that's safe and respectful) to either climb that ladder or something better that's fun to climb, why wouldn't they ask?
a black and white photo of a ruined house in a woodland
I can't wait till March when I am done with teaching and spring camp is over. I can't wait to spend my days with you again... Just don't grow up too much from now until then.
I can only imagine the self esteem issues that a young native would have in being called Long Bottom. Probably didn't get many dates.
Tomorrow I take the ASVAB. Hopefully, I will get a 90 or higher. I need to take some more practice tests today and tomorrow. I am really excited about this new prospect. It’s a chance for a new life!
An autobiography is so difficult to write because we possess no standards, no objective foundation, from which to judge ourselves.There are really no proper bases for comparison.I know that in many things I am not like others, but I do not know what I really am like.Man cannot compare himself with any other creature; he is not a monkey, not a cow, not a tree.I am a man.But what is it to be that? Like every other being, I am a splinter of the infinite deity, but I cannot contrast myself with any animal, any plant or any stone. Only a mythical being has a range greater than man’s.How then can a man form any definite opinions about himself?
I have battled with being overweight for most of my life, but finally, I have found something that works for me! I have had really good results losing weight with Take Shape For Life, featuring Medifast, a meal replacement weight loss program. As a result, I have decided to become a certified Take Shape For Life weight-loss coach and help others who want to achieve a healthy weight and lifestyle.
To you Little Miss very tall pole that I must slide down because there was absolutely no other way down... you appeared to be a certain broken bone if my arms failed and you intimidated me the most but BOO YA!
Now - you must go and see her thimbles because they definitely put mine to shame -
so it is incumbent on dar al-Islam to make war upon dar al-harb
A woman came out of a dark room. It was Ms. Valentini, the soft spoken, fragile, secretary from school. She was like North Central’s hot fairy god mother. If you asked, she would give you the world if. Or an inspiring pep talk. She could make anything seem possible. Like my parents loving each other again.
White Crow by Marcus Sedgwick
"You have a very nice son."
Ric’s Rating: Abandoned
* That’s all there is to it apart from having fun. If you want to have a go, feel free!
No matter what. Keep writing during the exercise. (Obviously not if the house is on fire.) And keep going day after day. And really, really, really make sure you get back on the horse if you fall off.
3. UNEMPLOYMENT: Unemployment is the highest it has been since the Carter Administration. Not really a surprise there since this President makes Carter seem competent. Yes, Texas has been doing well–so stop attacking Rick Perry and minimizing his role in the Texas economy. Mr. Santorum–stop being a jerk. Stop talking about courage when you spend the entire debates attacking the front-runners. It does not take courage to attack your opponents, it takes courage to tell us what you really stand for and why that is better than what we have. Try this:
Skype for educators
No slumber party with my nephew is complete without a baking adventure in my kitchen. The Little Chef came over the other night while his parents went out for their anniversary dinner, and when I presented him with a few different scrumptious-looking goodies on my To Bake list, he naturally chose the most decadent option. (Is this kid related to me or what?) I’d had my eye on these Browned Butter Brownies for quite some time, and I was really happy for an excuse to make them with my little buddy.
It is true that Nationalist parties are subject to constant smears from the media, but in honesty, many Nationalists have made it very easy for them to smear us.
photos of the week's end.
So, what changed? Not my route. Certainly not the school site, leaving only …my perceptions.
"Well it was certainly magical the way he fixed our plumbing."
By mile 21, my only goal was to finish. There was a chance I could beat my previous PW (personal worst). I had even briefly considered a DNF at one point. But realizing I had already bought the jacket, I couldn’t just quit now! And I’m too stubborn to not finish. Even though laying down felt like the greatest thing since the hula hoop.
should my balls not appear, to take them
Very intense, I know. It really inspired me though! Don't know what it is about their music that I love so much! I guess it just flows well with my train of thought.
She died in 1984, when I was 8. It was August. I was home from Cub Scout camp, done in by my allergies, or something else that reached out from the woods of Tuscazoar and brought me down. I remember Mom coming into my room one night and letting me know she’d passed away. And I don’t remember much more about that conversation other than an anecdote, which to me forever cast her as a somewhat feisty character, even unto death.
Bathed in deep blues and purples
-He buys his ex-wife a Valentine's day gift, but nothing for you.
6. I’m Not Like Everybody Else (Demo)
1 health--for
“SOONER OR LATER (I ALWAYS GET MY MAN)”(Dick Tracy)(Music and lyric by Stephen Sondheim)
5. Vanilla Crème Brulèe Insert
AMEX Gold Bugs: 9.69 g, down 23% YTD, but 50% higher than its 2008 low
What I like: My own father was a man who fought against many things--his family, the expectations of society, illness and disability. So it reminds me of him. But this was the first of Thomas's poems I read. The way he used language made poetry real and relevant for the first time in my life. I felt as if I wanted to lick his poems, to gobble them up, to rub myself against them. I still do.
“He’s made an international hit, and big stars out of David Tennant, Billie Piper and Freema Agyeman. He can definitely sleep soundly.”
Today (Sunday) i added this to the candy...
So here is my very well kept plant.
The mumble of an announcement which is impossible to make out
It happened on Elm Street in Sparta. Witnesses say around 5:30 a.m. Tuesday, 20-year-old Jacob Fast, entered the back of his neighbor's home.
That day came in 1979, when I was touring with the "Cinderella" tour by the World of Fantasy Players. We were in Joplin early with a few hours to spend before going to set up the show. A group of us set out to find Red's and try that legendary chili.
Paper Punches - Martha Stewart Crafts
1994
To the steamed flour, add cardomam powder and jaggery syrup and mix them lightly ( it should remain scrambled and should not be bound by the syrup)
One of the main things I don't like in this film is how there are some interesting ideas but they are never really developed. In one scene, Morgan Freeman tells the story of how his girlfriend got pregnant. That is all we are really told but I think it would have been better if this was developed further and we could learn more about the character. There were also quite a few "rainy" scenes. Usually I am fine with this but here, it seemed like overkill.
I used stamps from Pink By Design from Take the Cake set.
She had to reach all the way to the back of the bag,...inside the loaf,.. to get the other end piece.
“I’m so sorry!” sobbed Edgar. “It’s just that you remind me of my mother. She had the most beautiful breasts!”
The 2nd batch (made with the vinegar) I mixed with an egg, some cream, Italian seasoning, and sausage and stuffed in the manicotti. Hopefully the kids will enjoy it for dinner tonight!
Heaven is thought to be synonymous with being in the “presence of God.” This notion of being within the presence of God for eternity has been a great comfort for countless millions in a world that has always been closer to Hell than anything “divine.”
1:30pm: The History and Importance of Ice in Cocktails. Hendrick's ambassadors Charlotte Voisey and Jon Santer's seminar had the best swag ever. Seriously! Hand made Lewis Bags from Allison Weber of Portland and gorgeous wood muddlers to use with them.
TIP #3
that shall make the Earth tremble and shake in its course.
Estelle
I have seen many references on the web to using commercially available soap, grating it up and melting it in water and adding some glycerine to thicken...I went through the whole process of trying this method, but using my cold processed soap instead, and it failed completely! I even tried whipping the liquid with a a hand-held blender and it didn't thicken at all...
Thanks so much for all your comments on my last post, I am glad you all loved my crochet hearts :-) Some of you wondered what yarn I used, I used several but mainly Patons Cotton Twist which has a lovely texture to it and is a pretty good price :-)
Further to all of this there was the personal relationship with Jesus Christ. He knew personally Whom he believed. There was a freedom from guilt knowing that he was declared righteous through the work of Jesus Christ. There was also the assurance that one day he would be in the literal presence of the Lord for by leaving this world in death, he would be absent from the body and then, present with the Lord.
Am I ready to go home? Yes and no. Yes because I am literally aching for The Geej. This is the longest we've ever been apart, and although I've talked to that little monkey every day on the phone, all I want to do is tickle her knees and squeeze her guts out. Yes because I want to tell BH all about it. I want him to see how happy I am. I want to make out with him. Yes because, as dorky as it is, I miss communing with my silly pets each day. Looking into their eyes. Feeling their fur. Laughing at how incredibly goofy they each are.
The middle class pays all of the taxes, does all of the work.
Purple, red, and yellow draw me in as readily as they ever did, but something in sand or gold seems more beautiful now that those dazzling flower colors. At the moment I'm going through the yearly phase of spring cleaning, and once the extras are out of my closets and drawers, I plan to do some wardrobe revamping. Not a lot--just a touch to take into consideration these thoughts. MP and I are leaning toward staying on the farm for another year, and a pair of straw-colored shoes and a grass-green or storm-blue dress seems in order.
6. One thing I absolutely hate is new car / truck shopping. I see it in my near future and it STRESSES ME OUT!!!
Each of us is so incredibly special and loved dearly by our Heavenly Father, who has sent us to this Earth that we might have joy and continue on our journey towards exaltation and brilliant perfection. He is on our side and He wants us to succeed; unlike others who, for reasons specific to each of them, are threatened by the bold life of a person committed to rising above the norm. We need to throw off our cloaks of fear and embrace the light-filled life of accomplishing our divine directives. Only then will we have happiness and peace and lasting joy. It serves no one but the adversary when we shrink from rising to our full potential.
I'm that mom, the one who is driving the little charcoal gray Saturn w/ the windows down (the air conditioning no longer works). The license plate holders are pretend barbed wire (a Father's Day gift to my husband) and the bumper stickers read "RU," "Ryan Montbleau Band" and "My unschooler will rescue your honor student from the zombies." Riding in the car with me are four girls between the ages of 9 and 13.75. Our hair colors include teal ends (mine), pink ends, shades of dark blue, flame red w/ bleached bangs, and naturally red (the child who isn't mine.) We are all singing along, loudly, to "Bad Romance" by Lady Gaga, it's the Glee version. It's a beautiful Monday morning in July and we are headed to pick blueberries.
How does one practice being cold-hearted?
The Iranian president went on to add that the purpose of such enemy plots is to prevent his words from reaching the people of the world.
Here are the 6 month pictures I took of Adelyn.
My alarm didn't even have to go off. I had been up well before the 6:05 alarm. I got myself ready, watched some TV and met my friends in the lobby around 6:30 am. We were instructed to be in our corrals by 6:45 am. 35,000 runners were expected to run the race! We found our way easily to our corral (we were in corral "O", out of corrals A-Z) and thus began the long freeze. Thank goodness for good tunes blaring over the loud speakers and beach balls bouncing around to keep me moving. It was a great atmosphere! The race started and 17 minutes later we crossed the starting line.
That was brought home to me again today when I read the following news release. It said, “The US stock market was up 12.6% in the first quarter of 2012, yet investors pulled a net $5 billion out of equity funds during the same period, according to the wealth management firm Dignitas.”
you held yourself right up to me and said
1961 - The Third Assembly of the World Council of Churches at New Delhi.
I'm very new to collaging with papers, and still haven't made up my mind whether I like doing it or not, but I am quite happy with this result.
In the District Judge’s place, I’d have opted for a high level community order, as follows:
The easel card base is 6 x 6. Backing papers are from Memory box. The stamp is one I bought ages ago and I have no idea who made it, but Dad loves fishing so I used it for the first time. It is coloured with Copics and the panel cut with the fabby Labels 22. I think this is going to become my new favourite.
The primary greenhouse gas in Earth’s atmosphere is not carbon dioxide. Rather, it is water vapor. Water vapor is directly responsible for the Earth’s present climate. Carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons, and sulfur hexafluoride are only minor constituents in Earth’s atmosphere and produce only very minimal effects on our climate.
Repeat: Every 10 minutes.
2011 RHS Seniors,
Cook until the pears are soft but not mushy and remove from the heat.
You might think that priority would be given to addressing this shameful record, rather than facilitating the unimpeded travelling arrangements of impatient Tory councillors, some of whom, funnily enough, have in the past lost their licence for speeding.
Most couples like to enjoy themselves every now and then with physical intimacy. It is the highest expression of your desire for another person. But what happens when the unplanned happens and you have to face the consequences after? Read on.
She probably won't do the same thing for you though,
To enter this prize giveaway all you have to do is become a follower, enter your name and blog link at the bottom of this page and keep your fingers crossed!
6 inside
Today's Case In Point: Seattle's once-mighty KVI 570 AM (where your Radio Equalizer at one time worked as a host). In the mid-1990s, the station rocketed to first place on the strength of an all-conservative lineup.
Well, I must get going on some exchanges and dig out another old WIP so I have something to show for next month's WIPocalypse report--see you all next full moon :)
Prize: This week the winner will win $25 in credit added to their Cricut.com account. Please allow 4 to 6 weeks for delivery from winner announcement.
Spring has settled in. The trees' leafy coats are well-established; fields are lush and green; and flowers continue to appear earlier than usual. Butterflies are everywhere, dancing from flower to flower with giddy joy.
SPC received a total of 1,017 severe weather reports across 14 states on Wednesday (preliminary data) including 96 tornado reports. On Thursday there were 414 reports, including 5 tornadoes.
2 specialized
dead.
The Research and Development (R&D) Tax Credit was created by Congress as part of the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981 to encourage U.S. industries to invest in R&D activities, and to stimulate innovation through tax incentives. While the tax credit initially benefited Fortune 500 companies, more recent changes to the tax code have allowed almost any manufacturing or technology company to take advantage of the credit.
from Grolier's The Book of Knowledge, published in Canada in the early 20th century:
all good till 5/14/13
In verses 5 and 6, John exhorts this good lady to continue obeying Christ’s commandment to love one another, echoing his public letter in 1 John.
Friday 4th May 2012 - Colette Patterns Rooibos dress, Irregular Choice Flick Flack shoes and Cath Kidston satchel
“No man but a blockhead ever wrote, except for money.”
Cause we’re resistant the whole way, until we meet one girl and we think: “I’d be an idiot if I didn’t marry this girl she’s so great.”
Just looking at all this, it is no wonder that on the way home I had to stop at the services for a rest and a coffee as I was in danger of falling asleep!
I am exhausted! But I m trying stay up and clean and disinfect our house. I figured I d better take the Christmas tree down. Kevin has allergies really bad right now so he is no help. I m trying to get together her room and buy everything we ll need.
A clearer picture of what Nigel Doughty’s legacy at Forest will be should emerge over the coming months as we see who the new manager will be, how he will operate and what actions the club takes around its playing squad in the January and summer transfer windows. The first definite move by the club has been a positive one, to appoint former Forest player and manager Frank Clark as the new Chairman. The 68 year old is a popular at the City Ground and in the game as a whole and his presence will be reassuring for fans keen to re-connect with their club.
Intense baby
"Agencies are created with particular powers--the ultimate goal being to exercise those powers in the public interest," he said. "ESDC, in theory, is supposed to be approving the components of the project, the timetable… in the MGPP, they've left that completely to Ratner."
I want to share with you a card I made using one of the new Artists at Crafts and Me, Dollie James. The image is called "Loves Me Loves Me Not". Teresa has just released these on the blog, so you can grab them now.
Some updates (for those who care). 1) I, sadly, do not have a bike in the city. 2) I, gladly, have mastered the public transportation in SF (which kicks some serious a, for the record). 3) The compost/recycling/awareness out here also kicks a. 4) I think those are all of the updates for now.
For those who fight keeping our borders safe with their every efforts ….
Students are encouraged to submit their work to the Southeastern Writing Center, D Vickers Hall 383, by Nov. 1 for consideration of publication in the fall issue. Work submitted for the fall may also be considered for the spring issue.
Here, when he was 22, emerged an idea that would become a key to understanding Obama the politician and public figure. “Without a class” meant that he was entering his adult life without financial security. Without a “structure” meant he had grown up lacking a solid family foundation, his father gone from the start, his mother often elsewhere, his grandparents doing the best they could, but all leading to a sense of being a rootless outsider. Without a “tradition” was a reference to his lack of religious grounding and his hapa status, white and black, feeling completely at home in neither race. Eventually, he would make a few essential choices in terms of how he would live out his personal life, moving inexorably toward the black world. But in a larger sense, in terms of his ambitions beyond family, he did not want to be constricted by narrow choices. The different path he saw for himself was to rise above the divisions of culture and society, politics and economics, and embrace something larger—embrace it all. To make a particular choice would be to limit him, he wrote in the letter to Alex, because “taken separately, they are unacceptable and untenable.”
After finishing the outer edges of the bodice and neckline, the sleeves are fitted while on Ashley and the shoulder straps stitched down. Finally, the skirts are pleated and secured to the bottom of the bodice.
Pies are big in the south whether it be the classic double or single crusted pie, cobbler, or fruit crisp. A fruit crisp is a like a pie, but much easier. When time is an issue this is my "go to" dessert. No pie dough to make, instead a quick mixture of butter, flour, sugar and spices is combined and sprinkled over the fruit. I also add oats and nuts which are optional but I never leave them out. I think the oats and nuts make the crisp topping by giving more depth of flavor and the all important crunch. Usually it bakes during dinner, so after dinner a delicious, warm fruit crisp awaits. Break out the essential vanilla ice cream and enjoy.
My overall Cholesterol was nearly 380. My LDL Cholesterol was around 260. That's the bad kind.
A few of the dorkier kids hung on Miss Flint’s every word. Most however, looked like Connor felt, anxiously fidgeting in their seats as the clock took its sweet time getting to the magic hour. Five minutes till Spring Break, and Flint was gonna use every single one of them.
Rachel's dad stood up dutifully and went over to counter. "What do you want me to do?"
I.e., had Claire shown up with reinforcements in the nick of time and saved him before he'd been put through such pain and suffering....well, then it would have been a nice, heart-warming story in which Hero and Heroine conquer evil and ride off into the sunset together. But it wouldn't have half the power of a story in which Jamie and Claire _truly_ conquer _real_ evil, and thus show what real love is. Real love has real costs--and they're worth it.
okay. i am getting some of my house projects completed. and i hope to share those very soon!!!
Of course, quite apart from NaNo, I've written three other novels, and the longest I spent on the first draft of any of them was five weeks, so I know I can do it (I've written over 300,000 words in the 12 months since November 1st 2010). Binge-writing suits me when it comes to novels - weirdly, it seems not to with episodes of The Second Realm, even though they're much shorter.
Now, you'll be able to sleep tonight.
cashew cream
to quit the haunting
The world will return to the Asia-centric world we had before the rise of Europe and the West. Will this be a world dominated by China, or by Asia as a whole, including India? Will the rise of Asian economies trigger nationalistic rivalries and devastating intra-Asian wars such as WW1 in Europe, or will they cooperate peacefully?
Many thanks to everyone who took part for making our birthday celebrations such a success, and we hope to see you again each month at Stampalot Challenge.
David no longer had to initiate sex. She did every night. And it bugged him because he knew a few years back, he would have been so happy for this.
Step One - Very lightly score your A4 card lengthways at the 5” mark as a guide only. Do not press too hard with your embossing tool.
PF Debate Class/Tutor Hours:
Outside of these full-length reviews, Amazon quotes have been just as kind so far too, going so far as to call it “a recommended read for those interested in video games, video game development or the logistics of organizing lots and lots of pizza”. Which can’t be too bad. My own university even chucked a press release about it on their news site. They didn’t mention that I never actually graduated.
I got that ribbon from Michaels. It was in the dollar ribbon bin. LOVE IT. I don't know what it is about it, but I went back and bought four more spools so I could use it again. It's fantastic stuff.
Or so she thought…
If you have Irish ancestry in Australia there are two books you really must beg, borrow or steal (just kidding!). They are Oceans of Consolation by David Fitzpatrick, an analysis of letters from Irish immigrants and Richard Reid’s Farewell my Children which I posted about last year. Also worth looking at are any of the little Invisible Immigrant series by Eric Richards with chapters by Richard Reid.
This week at MDUC we are challenging you to use old treasure and recycle items such as corrugated cardboard, screws or whatever is unusual for your creation. So you`re looking at mine thinking ok what has she used?
HT: My main series is Vampire Love Story. It's about a young man who gets thrown into a paranormal world and discovers himself in the process. It's about his journey and all that he is not to force to deal with. Along the way, he makes great friends.
As ploughshares turn the hefty clods
That’s an amazing reversal of fortunes. If the guy can ever get past the point of his on-field demeanor being a distraction, he’s going to be recognized as one of the best coaches in the country. Which begs the question of how long Vandy can hold on to him.
The kids finish lunch, wash up and head to the sand-box. We seem to be missing a plate. I decide it must be in the dishwasher already. I grab my sandwich and have a seat..right on a plate of apple-sauce! I found the missing plate?
But here is the big 'ol' OOPS that I made, that you don't have to make. After I had updated the kiddie cabinet to what I thought was the safest route for my clan, I have since read that those plastic IKEA dishes that gazillions of families adore, are said to be... BPA free! However, many of the other plastic dishes we were also using for our kiddos, weren't in the same situation.
This move has been anything but easy. In reality I should have known it would not be easy -- I don't have that kind of luck.
xPress It Blending Card and Copic Markers
I was doing a good job of cooking them, too, then waiting the allotted two minutes, then eating them. I was also doing a good job of eating food other than Hot Pockets every once in a while.
I say maybe 10 minutes later, I make a return trip to the stand. I was going to ask the list runner what size of table was needed next. All of the sudden, the same lady returns, all huffy and puffy. She interrupts a new group, that is trying to get onto the list. She starts stammering something I couldn't exactly hear due to noise that was in the restaurant. I finally make out enough of her babel to find out that like half of her group is leaving. She only needed a four top now (which actually made it possible for her to have the very next table).
... and on Nov 10 2008, all the cops at Badplaas police station lodged a formal complaint with the SA Human Rights Commission, after the local Badplaas ANC/SACP leaders drew up death lists and publicly called for the murders of specifically named Afrikaner cops and all the town's white residents at a public meeting...
“You’re missing part of your stomach. You’ve got to take it easy.” Norma smiled at the frown on her daughter’s face.
until that day comes, talk about `objectivity’ is probably best left
The flush of endorphins.
Putting aside their complete overuse in corporate comms, there are five common abbreviations abuses that make me see red.
But Rebekkah, an outsider who only lived in Claysville for a short time and visited her grandmother as a young adult, never knew why. And now that her grandmother is dead — murdered — the duty to mind the dead falls to her in Melissa Marr’s latest book, GRAVEMINDER, a gritty, urban fantasy that makes you wonder if people really do have a choice about who they love and why.
This is mostly likely why Spain is a very collective and implicit culture. They value family and community above all else and unlike American culture, do not take such a task-based approach to time. This is exceptionally apparent in their daily “siesta”, where the entire country breaks in the middle of the day from work and school to rest and enjoy lunch with family and friends. Shops and businesses will actually close during this time and reopen later in the day. Their approach to language as well is the opposite if ours, preferring a high-context, implicit style. The culmination of this project then, is the assembly and application of this research to a marketing plan, which will appeal to the Spanish culture that is atypical to our own.
Can you tell that I am excited?? I keep smiling.
But the creation of what is now a class of clergy elite (Bishops and their hand-selected “yes-men/women” cabinets and favored big church pastors) and the demonization of the rest of the clergy (they can’t possibly be effective since they don’t have growing churches which keep raising their apportionment giving) is seriously non-biblical and almost a full buy-in of corporation ethics. Those ethics have no place in a God-breathed, kingdom of heaven-based, organization.
do you listen?
Wynn RL. Nitrous oxide and fertility. Part II. Gen Dent 1993; 41: 212-214.
This was in January 2011. The year that followed felt like a miracle. I had a fabulous editor who worked with me over many months like a mentor, meticulously going through the novel chapter by chapter. I rewrote the beginning (again), added a couple of sub-plots and rewrote a middle section. I could see the novel improving with each change. And because Linen Press is a small publishing house, I was fully involved at every stage, including the cover design.
“I never watch myself on TV,” says Wu. “I don’t need to remind myself that I’m being performative.”
Soon their hands on the rubber handrails passed each other, the idea that his could’ve brushed hers numbing to Ben, the whiff of her perfume dizzying. Even then, she did not avert her azure eyes.
every fire needs a little bit of help
are we born this way or born in captivity ?
Isn't it fab!! Thank you Alicia for joining us for this challenge. Please take a moment to visit Alicia's Blog and don't forget to let her know you stopped by.
15. Budget - Sold
Perhaps the most controversial comments were from Finchley traders association campaigner Helen Michael. She urged all Tory voters to "Back Boris and Sack Brian (Coleman)" and distributed leaflets showing all the shops closed by Brian Colemans parking policies. Helen is a core Tory voter and completely alienated by Coleman.
For whatever reason, I was supposed to be fried today. I was here for MY test, but somehow, laying on that sterile table with electrodes and wires, and a bazillion watts of electricty buzzing throught my body, I was there for HER.
Then, Paul was in good condition because of his occupation, a tent maker. They didn’t have the nylon fabric as we have today but they used the hides of animals. Such skins were tanned or cured so that could be fashioned into a tent. I remember Acts 9:43 that Peter lodged in the home of Simon a tanner, or one who would prepare animal skins for domestic use such as the making of tents.
3 LA Lakers vs. 5 LA Clippers, Clippers win series 4-3.
Ramones Pet Semetary US
The Fuzzball one day will have her own clan. But until then, she will know the word and know the traditions. She will always have clan.
The shawl begins with a tassel on each of the seven scallops, which are knitted individually and then placed side by side on a long circular so the remainder of the shawl can be worked. Because the rows become shorter and shorter as you work towards the top, it never became boring; I had a difficult time putting it down to do other things.
We’ll spoon in the candle light.
It takes on character with every loving stroke
Today we went outside and did some squirt gun artwork.
Air21 Express (3-6)
Huh. I don't know about you, but I'm guessing the world is just as well off without any of those seeing the light of day.
The next day, City Council Member Letitia James was more specific, dropping an aside at a public meeting: "Barbra Streisand has a couple of days" at the arena. (James wouldn't comment further.)
to spread itself in pieces on the floor.
As is the way elsewhere, the old world has faded away and we’re left with a city grappling with its own identity in the new world. Belfast has extra stuff on top of this too coming out into the light after years in the darkness of violence and division. There are still signs of this as we drove through the ‘peace wall’ gates (that are closed after 11pm on a night) and although we didn’t ‘do the tour’ we saw glimpses of how it used to be and still is in some places.
and color you a picture this year
7. Prefer getting or giving presents? I love giving presents… the whole search for the right gift and the happy look on other person’s face…Priceless
Well, I guess my answers will be the same as yours. I read and read – original sources most certainly (albeit in translation), serious interpretations of the period in question, and provocative books (often by French scholars) that cast a wider net – Duby on Love and Marriage in the Middle Ages, Le Goff on The Medieval Imagination, Eco on Art and Beauty in the Middle Ages. And all the while my wonderful PA Twiggy turns up lots of rapid-fire information from the internet.
The burger is venison by the way. It's leaner than beef and free since my dad hunts.
Kin Vassy – vocals on "I'm the Slime", "Dinah-Moe Humm" and "Montana"
Qatar
In my work as a journalist, I once interviewed a Respected figure in the banking/IT world. He had been the CIO of an investment bank but had moved to take a senior role at a telecoms operator.
Apple Orchard Digital Scrapbooking Kit – on sale for $4.12
Within the square you may want to visit the Tourist Information Center. You can pick up maps here and check out some guided tours. Many chose to do the “hop on, hop off” red tour bus for €20. If you’re not keen on walking and would just want to sightsee from your bus seat (it’s open on the 2nd level), then this is for you. Otherwise, take the unlimited tourist pass for €9.30 (1day) or €13 (3 days) which you can use taking the metro or bus and explore on your own. After all, the metro stops for the tourist sites are clearly marked and Madrid has a superb metro system.
Starting with the ceiling, the under deck area can be refinished professionally by a company such as Buresh Home. A less expensive DIY solution can be achieved by draping sunbrella fabric to cover up the ceiling area. As the devil is in the details I would use decorative nails with a wrought iron finish for the install.
(dud)
C. … forever.
“Yes, that’s the car that’s been involved in the accident.” The doctor continued, “Is your husband there?”
(Disclaimer. I'm not involved in any way with the sites mentioned, I'm just sharing what seems to me to be a useful resource. i.e., I'm not being a shill for them).
Are you washed in the blood of the lamb?
First-quarter net income at Boston-based Liberty Mutual Holding Company Inc. was up about 26 percent to $459 million, compared to the same period last year.
Tools: SB Nestabilities label 15, MS double arches corner punch, EK 1 1/4” square punch
By all rights, another president from Texas should have had the honor of conferring this medal. It was in the second year of Lynden Johnson’s presidency that Army Captain Ed Freeman did something that the men of the 7th Calvary have never forgotten. Years passed, even decades, but the memory of what happened on November 14, 1965 has always stayed with them.
4 teaspoons vegetable oil (I use Olive Oil)
I was so sad. I felt I had lost my chance for eternal happiness. I moved out of the house into a tiny apartment (all I could afford on my part time job since she was keeping all the money I was making from the 100K plus job). But in just 6 weeks of being away from her lies and mental abuse I was able to open my eyes and see that it was her that had been abusing me. That she was not in any way inspired by God. She was so heinous in her viciousness I think the devil may be taking notes. And she is 5th generation LDS.
“The very moment God sees us fullyconvinced of our nothingness, He reaches out His hand to us.” – Therese de Lisieux -
The report went on to say that parents are “looking the other way.” The young users see their forage into the experimental world as less risky than using alcohol.
Today I had my graphic design lesson, lunch and coffee with brother and friend.
Colors Of Love releases on the 24th of July. (I know! That’s MONTHS away.) But…the good news is: It’s already available for pre-order on Amazon. Just click here to order it.
I have been through this before, and I was again a little apprehensive to reply so quickly. Before I knew it, I was on the phone talking to Mr. Hill about my incident at his store.
But I’ll se him in anything so I’ll stand in line.
This is all part of the shift out of Piscean era relationship and partner ideals - a shift that gets a super charge this spring with the Venus Transit and Venus retrograde through Gemini. Relationship changes dramatically over the next while, and we can either move with the show or cling wailing and pining to old forms and old ideals that no longer get the job done and never really did.
"I suppose you're gonna give me a speech next about, "they're only little once!" huh?"
My last advice, my love, don’t change who you are and your core believes. It made me into who I am today and I am loving the me now. Be yourself even when you will find friends lacking as you will develop some awesome hobbies. Read books as they will open up your mind and fire up your imagination. Be open with your feelings and learn to be a go-getter sooner. I always get what I want and whom I want so be sure to choose wisely when you go on a hunting spree. Looks do not matter (but you already know this) – what really matters is that he will compliment you (not with words) and will be like the rain enveloping you without changing you in any way.
10. Heaven & Hell Part 1 by Vangelis
It's not hard to see that we are in a recession. In every way, in every facet of our lives we are seeing a degradation in quality. From the dwindling high-street stores, to another drop in house prices, to the way other things of importance just inflate (like food and fuel) it’s starting to take its toll. Authors have been feeling this pinch for longer than most as the book-world has been in a recession for some time, before the banks went crazy and decided to sell houses to people who didn't have an effing clue or without the means to ever pay them back. Books have been in trouble for a while before that, sure, it's just that most other things are catching them up on the dodo scale.
X1 xDrive35i. Exclusive to the North American market is the X1 xDrive35i featuring BMW’s award-winning 3.0-liter TwinPower Turbo inline 6-cylinder engine (N55). The N55 is the pioneer of a new generation of engines in which BMW TwinPower Turbo technology with High Precision Direct Injection and VALVETRONIC variable valve timing plus a twin scroll turbo made its debut. It will be mated to a 6-speed Steptronic automatic transmission.
$15-$63. 7:30 p.m., showing on Mar. 27 at 2 p.m. Community Center Theater, 1301 L St. 916-808-5181
Sometimes I think "Enduring to the End" should just mean making it through bedtime with everyone alive.
There's something to be said for friends who connect with us on a deeper level. They get us. They stand by our side and remind us just how strong and amazing we are when we sometimes forget. They don't see our flaws, or care if we can't fit in to our Skinny Jeans.
To recap, for those of you who managed to avoid news of this sorry tale: A seven year boy asked a fellow pupil at Griffin Primary School (pictured) in Hull if he was 'brown because he's from Africa'. Following this, the boy's mother was called into the school by staff and asked to sign a form acknowledging that her son had made a racist remark.
Now, the USA has begun monetizing its debt. Let me explain what that means. It means we are covering our own debts and loans we make to ourselves. We’re buying our own bonds and treasury notes, mainly because nobody else wants them any longer, and mainly because they want to throw some more cash out there where it can’t help you but will do a world of good for all those Special Interests Barack said he doesn’t represent. After all, the last infusion of cash has worked so well for the economy and jobs, hasn’t it? Well okay, it hasn’t, but remember, in the words of Barack Obama, it would have been worse! Of course, there is no basis in fact to back up that claim, but he must know what he’s talking about because he’s the President, right? Another big reason we are going to buy our own bonds and treasury notes is that China doesn’t want to know us any longer and we can’t borrow any more money for them for important things like bailing out mysteriously underfunded union pensions and plying Goldman Sachs with more billions.
What shocked me more than these two people willingly splashing their lives all over a magazine was the fact there is an appetite for these stories.
If you have more than one book here's what you do:
But, by the end of 2011, I found that I was ready to start looking for moments again. The first moment I wanted to see through my lens was sunrise on New Year's Day.
They are the organs of the body which, except for the face, have been used most often in the various art forms to express human feeling. The hands point or lead or command; the hands cry out in agony or they lie quietly sleeping; the hands have moods, character, and, in a wider sense, their own particular beauty. From prehistoric
There is something about the legend about Civilization Advance is always intriguing:
Fletcher, Rodney - BETRAYAL OF TRUST (1997)
MH: When I was a kid I would watch reruns of In Search Of hosted by Leonard Nimoy everyday after school and learned about all kinds of weird stuff on ancient civilizations, Dracula, and Loch Ness. This is also the show where I learned the Nazis were very into Ancient Mysteries such as Atlantis and strange science, which was little known until after their downfall. How much if and did the speculation of Nazis experimenting on humans and creating flying saucer tech play into your world?
We paid our hotel bill, now fifty dollars instead of twelve or fourteen as in the villages, and walked about a half a kilometer to the boat dock and boarded. The boat was not crowded but others boarded at the eight stops along the way. A fold out post card sort of picture map that we had bought as a souvenier helped us identify the stops.
Where did all the sand go? In the beginning people just took away the earth to fill low lying areas. In fact that was the main use. The white sand was also periodically spread to beatify courtyards of large houses. Then, with the discovery that the sand contained silica, the manufacture of bricks and glass started. Today Pallippuram sand is a controlled item. It is almost impossible to get even a truck load for private
The drive hunt season has now come to a formal close, but it will start up again in September.
*For the chowder, I cooked chopped (frozen) onions in butter in a pot. Then I added frozen diced potatoes (from the freezer that needed to be used up). After those cooked for a few minutes, I added a can of chicken broth, the ham, and some crumbled bacon. I let that come to a boil, then mixed some milk with 2 Tbsp. of flour and added that to the broth mixture. It thickened right away (2 Tbsp. was too much, in hindsight, but that's okay). I added frozen corn and let it simmer for a few minutes.
But there are also memories from that day that still make me smile. And that have nothing to do with my ex-wife.
& while i may be sounding like an overly dramatic fashion whiner . . .
A bill that creates new immigration categories for wealthy non-Caymanian residents was approved by a majority of Legislative Assembly members on a key second vote during a house meeting last week.
Right off to my local shops to buy pancake ingredients, my girlies lurve pancakes and after some housework, get down to some crafting hopefully!
● Coach travel throughout
With such inexhaustible riches.
Create a volume of mini-sites contributing returning to much of your site. This way, each site can consentrate on a few keywords and also have a completely functional site that you can optimize and get traffic for, but serves a dual purposes since it will link returning to your main website. Greater mini-sites you might have, the greater examine your original site, and that will allow it to improvement in the various search engine page rankings.
My tip to you, go early. Don't park there, do a park and ride, or park somewhere and take the rail. Round trip rail is $2.50. Safe yourself the hassle of sitting at the parking lot. Do yourself a favor, and bring some TP, because there's no guarantees in the Port-o-Potty line. Lucky for us, we got the luxury to check before doing our business, but there are stalls that don't have TPs.
— Timothy McVeigh, quoted in American Terrorist: Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City Bombing by Lou Michel and Dan Herbeck (2001)
Sheet cake and homemade ice cream were the dessert staple at almost every summer gathering of my childhood. (Sheet cake, ice cream, and/or STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE, that is. But the shortcake really deserves a whole post of it's own) The sound of our ice cream maker motor grinding away over the wooden bucket on our back porch while my sisters, cousins, and neighborhood friends ran around screaming and laughing in the background is definitely on the playlist of the soundtrack of my youth.
And then I'll bring this music onto the stage and out to you. I can't wait.
Another piece that makes this ritual special is that we cook the batter in little heart-shaped forms. Awww! Say it with me, “Awwww!” I don’t add the ingredients to the batter until it is on the pan. Just a personal preference, do whatever you want! I like it this way because I can control the banana to chocolate chip ratio perfectly. *Cough, cough, control freak, cough.
5. Rise back to standing while saying “Sami’a Allahu liman hamidah, Rabbana wa lakal hamd” (God hears those who call upon Him; Our Lord, praise be to You).
Injections of magnolia bark extract are said to cause muscle relaxation. It is also used in formulas to treat coughing and asthma. The bark is said to make the qi descend and is used for symptoms of disorders thought to move upward in the body.
1) Make sure all your motives are fueled by love. Set your intention, and follow it through with purpose and clarity. Having vision is the easiest part of manifesting your dreams, it’s following through with concrete actions that will bring your dreams to fruition.
I think I've finally got all my shit together, I've scanned everything and I'm now working on uploading all of it. I've been making so much art, but none of it is digital, which is really nice until I want to share it with people and have a very temperamental and low quality scanner. the band is going great. we've recorded a demo and are going to sell it at our little show in the faculty parking lot on thursday. I was supposed to get my tattoo yesterday, but the artist was sick and had to reschedual, so I got a nap. I haven't been sleeping very much the past month, and it really got to me last weekend. I'm going to stop smoking for the week so I can really get better (I've also been sick for over a month) and so Halloween will be OFF THE HOOK. I don't know what I'm doing yet, but I'm going to be Betty Boop. I saw Mirah and Matt Sheehy a while ago, and Sierra had a few extra tickets to Patti Smith and took me and Laura. it was amazing, she is so incredible, defintely one of the most powerful shows I've ever seen. in november I'm going to see She & Him and Of Montreal, which will also be great. Stuart sent me a postcard yesterday. it's one of his Holga prints, I thought I'd put it up here since he doesn't have a scanner. it's beautiful.
There was talk he would leave after that, his second season. He stayed on, and then stayed on again. When this season is over he will have completed a fourth, and all that remains to be decided is whether he and the club end it with four trophies or a measly three. After that it seems like Guardiola will wave an emotional goodbye to the club he loves, a club whose DNA courses though his veins just as it does for his charges; Puyol, Pique, Busquets, Fabregas, Xavi, Iniesta, Messi…one wonders who can fill his shoes and natty blazer-and-tie combinations on the Nou Camp touchline. It would be no surprise to see the club appoint from within. It worked with Guardiola in the first place, and with the system and style of play so ingrained in the club now, from the famous La Masia academy upward, changing horses in mid-stream would not make any sense.
½ LB. SMOKED SALMON
MUMBAI: A Mulund-based family has accused its son-in-law and his family of murdering its 24-year-old daughter. According to the Jadhavs, Sangeeta, who is survived by two daughters aged 3 and one and a half years, had recently undergone tubectomy with her husband’s consent. But her in-laws, who are based in Vangani, threw a fit when they found out about the surgery and threatened to get their son married the second time as Sangeeta had failed to give them a male heir.
In the end, I decided that if I don’t take this opportunity now, I may never go to Tibet. So on April 24, I leave for seven days in Tibet! The tour ends on Saturday April 30, but Monday May 2 is a holiday in Hong Kong so I will be flying from Lhasa, Tibet to Xi’an, China instead of going right back to Hong Kong. In Xi’an I will be able to see the Terracotta Warriers! Hopefully it will be an amazing trip.
WCDMA 2100/900 with simultanous voice and packet data, maximum speed PS 384/384 kbps (UL/DL), CS maximum speed 64 kbps
These are faith stretching days for us at DCA , yet, I have been reminded that God is still in the driver’s seat. He has promised to lead and guide if we follow Him. We just need to get our hands off the wheel and trust.
This book has so many levels to grasp onto. Whether you’re into sci-fi and fantasy, or you just want a good story about growing up, making hard choices and doing the ‘right’ thing. This book will grab you and take you for a wonderful imaginary ride. That ride, will also make poignant jabs at your own past, or someone you likely know.
1 technical
Bake at 350 degrees for 10 minutes Remove from oven and cool.
5) To those who were of full age, called “the faithful in Christ Jesus.”
I place my reading glasses onto the bridge of my nose and then gather my pen and pad. My left hand is sweating and I can feel the pen slide slightly. I hold it tighter and place the point to the paper.
Ugh,enough of that.
The dead which they contained before:
Melt the crayons in shaped cookie pans.
As flowers blossom on the mountains of Kurdistan at Newroz, may peacemakers be nurtured and allowed to blossom. May their sweet fragrance be allowed to fill the land.
For my card I chose to use the newest technique I just learned called "Under the Flap" which you can find on the Technique Junkies 3D and Fun Folds CD (a must have). I am using Mark's Finest Papers, a Heinrich Co. "Pucker Up" stamp set for this card. I am using So Saffron and white card stock. I colored my images with Copic Markers and finished off the card with some gold gems. I hope you enjoyed my card. Thanks for stopping and commenting, I hope to see you again soon.
If last weeks post dealt primarily with a low stress form of cross training in bike riding, this one deals with the other big low impact exercise for runners, swimming. I love to swim, although I am admittedly a terrible technical swimmer. Swimming is an exhausting, muscle taxing, fatiguing workout, but one that is low impact on the joints that get stressed while you run. To be able to swim just 1 day or maybe 2 days a week, would be a great way to do another endurance workout. It would also be a a great way to keep fit, rather than spinning or group fitness (which I love but do to much). Sadly, my community has a small pool and doing laps in it would be something of a joke. I also live surprisingly far away from swimmable water.
As I tried to understand Islam I came to see that the prevalent ideas—“religion of peace”, “jihad means inner struggle”—rang false, and so I spoke plainly against them and in favor of the truth, smears of Islamophobia or racism be damned. As I tried to understand immigration I came to see that the prevalent ideas—“family values”, “jobs Americans won’t do”—rang even more false, and so once again I spoke out, smears of xenophobia or racism be damned.
Kelly, at the very peak of his creative powers, now made what in retrospect is seen as a serious mistake.[4] In December 1951 he signed a contract with MGM which sent him to Europe for nineteen months so that Kelly could use MGM funds frozen in Europe to make three pictures while personally benefiting from tax exemptions. Only one of these pictures was a musical, Invitation to the Dance, a pet project of Kelly’s to bring modern ballet to mainstream film audiences. It was beset with delays and technical problems, and flopped when finally released in 1956. When Kelly returned to Hollywood in 1953, the film musical was already beginning to feel the pressures from television, and MGM cut the budget for his next picture Brigadoon (1954), with Cyd Charisse, forcing the film to be made on studio backlots instead of on location in Scotland. This year also saw him appear as guest star with his brother Fred in the celebrated “I Love To Go Swimmin’ with Wimmen” routine in Deep in My Heart. MGM’s refusal to loan him out for Guys and Dolls and Pal Joey put further strains on his relationship with the studio. He negotiated an exit to his contract which involved making three further pictures for MGM.
~ getting advertisements ready
I think the constant energy the film was given kind of took away from the original material. This was released back in the day of 1996, and its obviously for teenagers, of the MTV ages, and it just tries so hard to be hip, and cool with the young crowd, that it fails, at even conveying enough emotions to show the real beauty of the story. There are too many gun battle sequences, and random doses of high energy, that just takes this film to places we would have never imagined.
Eve Myles – Gwen Cooper
I hesitantly began trimming the hairs from the back of his head. When I was finished he took the clippers and shortened his sideburns. Eventually he trimmed what little facial hair he’d been able to grow. He then paused, evaluating his hairdo in the mirror. He was visibly unsatisfied. “I didn’t make the side even enough. I’m gonna have to shave them off.” I looked on in horror as he balded the sides of his head and left the top close in length to how it was before. “How’s it look?” Jack inquired. “Actually, not that bad,” I responded with surprise. Jack smiled again. “I would have left one side unshaven, but I didn’t want to be that pretentious douche you always see in the Mission.”
In a separate bowl, combine egg, oil, and buttermilk, add to dry ingredients. Stir just enough to moisten.
It's fine and dandy that he's dead. Oh well lets look back for a minute. or a few minutes. or maybe an hour. or two. and lets look at why he, and others, planned the attacks that took place three days after my birthday... 9/11. Oh yea that's right. Our messed up foreign policy!
Helping our earthly environment with trees and helping disadvantaged people with music and creativity -– what wonderful ways to celebrate a married couple's beginning their new life together!
The weather generator is better but there's still trouble (I think I could work it out if I could put three solid days of thinking towards it) with the wilderness damage effects element of the table. Not that ANY of my players really wants me to work hard on the problem.
WHOA…hold up, wait a minute!
30. Wanna have grandkids before you’re 50? No please...my kids better be responsible and wait
Best Choice if you DO like the chocolate milk overly sweet character:
The Jewish leaders understand what Jesus has said and see it as blasphemy.
Maybe it’s jealousy… no, it IS jealousy. I’m jealous that they all get a long so much better than with me…. and this is something I need to figure out. Why, why do they all get along better with each other than they do with me. Why do my current friends/acquaintance get along better with each other than they do with me?
I have a feeling a lot of the fine young cocktailians have never had a true, decent martini. All those silly tricks about whispering "vermouth" to the shaker, or dampening the glass with vermouth and pouring it off.
You scare me because the media gives you a free pass on everything you do.
there must be some reason
Life and death are in the power of the tongue, and those who love it will eat its fruit. (Proverbs 18:21)
one of the colours of spring has to be yellow. I especially like pale shades of yellow, lemon chiffon and icterine. and yet, I never wear it and the only yellow thing in my room are post-its.
The Time to Pray is NOW… Join in… Share with others!
I don’t think I actually care that people completely change their fashion for three days of music in the California desert, but I do think it’s pretty ridiculous how many celebrities and “celebrities” go to Coachella every year just to see and be seen all while looking like they’re going to the hippie equivalent of a Renaissance Fair.
A number of Aquino allies (and staunch Arroyo critics) like Senator Franklin Drilon and Francis Escudero, have openly called on the administration to allow the former president to go overseas. Even eminent legal expert and constitutionalist Father Joaquin Bernas defended Arroyo’s right to travel, pointedly asking: “First, in what way will the travel of Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo be a threat to “national security, public safety, or public health? Second, by what statutory authority is the justice secretary preventing the exit of GMA?”
Other than my house, the outdoors were exciting and intimidating. I liked to be outside, yet I didn’t. I liked the outdoors because of the scent of nature. Astoria had this very natural smell because of the gardens in front of everyone’s house. I loved the smell of the outdoors especially when it was raining. Whenever there was rain, the world started to release all of her fragrances for us to inhale. The plants all come to life and tickle at the nose. In Astoria Park, there was a giant river called the East River. It’s not the cleanest river, but it is relaxing to watch and calms me. It reminds me of water, which reminds me of rain, which reminds me of the great outside that school pulls me away from.
PLEASE NOTE CAUTION...on the type and severity of a burn you have. Research the methods of application first. I tried this on the basis of what I had read in my book on Apple Cider Vinegar with the Mother (Organic)
I made the crumble first and refrigerate them until I was ready to use them. I made more in advance and keep the rest in an airtight container in the freezer and you can use them for other tarts, or even cake or parfait and ice cream topping.
Last time when I got my first ultrasound with Laken she was all over the place bouncing here and there, but i think i ate some cheerios with sugar. This time Baby Bean was calm and was willing to work with us for the most part measuring was hard BB liked to stay curled up, I stayed away from the sugar breakfast this time.
Now of course this can be misconstrued as a doomsday scenario, but it's not. Granted it's not the prettiest vision of our future, but this is a very real subject and a very real scenario of what could happen. The problem is that people just don't want to hear what "could" happen, especially if it's negative. This technology that has been discovered, is giving us information of what could happen in the future. The fact that there is at least 50% of a chance of this happening, don't you think it's worth it to prepare yourself?
Isabella has been incredibly hurt by Mac and doesn’t know if she can trust him even though she’s never stopped loving him. With Ian and Beth as a warm family influence, she begins to take steps to confront their shared past and come to terms with loving the new Mac who no longer looks to a bottle for escape.
“Sloan?” she called
And it hasn't started back. I am really practicing patience now, relaxing and breathing.
Ryan Gosling stars as a silent, stoic car repairman who doubles as a driver for criminals and other shady figures. “You get a five minute window,” he says. “Anything happens in those five minutes and I’m yours. Anything outside of that, and I’m out.” The opening scene is him on one of his jobs, set to a riveting soundtrack from Depeche Mode – the music is one of the standouts of the film, as it is sleek and stylish as hell. The opening scene is almost wordless, but captivates with its strong car chase and the stylized directing.
his hair's electrically curled. What combustions, deep as tissue, are stoked
Sometimes I just want to close my eyes
I got moved into Serendipity today! I have a tiered table with lots of cute picture frames, burlap crosses, initial boards and more! I still haven't gotten my new digital camera so couldn't take pics but will soon! There are lots of great vendors in the shop so hope you can stop by soon. Serendipity is located in Brook Highland Plaza next to Big Lots.
Let’s know what great ideas you have that inspire you to draw. How many of them would translate into a class setting I wonder? I am all for trying.
3/4 tsp cayenne powder
One night, when we went in to check on the babies, Maggie was sleeping in just a diaper since she'd taken off her pajamas. I'm glad she'd kept the diaper on.
I was really rushed when making these fresh strawberry Hello Kitty birthday cupcakes for my friend's daughter's birthday. As a result, I not only messed up on the cupcake batter (that's a whole other story), I also messed up on the frosting.
I’ve learned a lot from Cosby, mostly about myself. When he confides in me about the things that hurt him, I learned that that draws me in – because I want him to feel better, but in focusing on him, I sometimes get lost. I learned that a man can sometimes not know when he’s hurting you, but a good man, when told that he is, will make every effort to stop what he’s doing. Cosby and I had our most honest conversation this past January when he looked me in my eyes and told me that he couldn’t be what I wanted him to be because he was cold inside from his last relationship. When I responded to him “so that means you hurt me?” I actually saw him flinch. And I saw one of the saddest expressions I’ve ever seen on a man.
Each person: Amen
but here is a little bit of sewing which has taken me a little while to get around to finishing...
This layout is all about the people I love and what love means to me. I have learned that even through the most difficult times in my life, my family is always there for me! Their love is unconditional and without fail. The two pictures I chose to use are of my brothers (Jonathan and David), sister's-in-law (Carissa and Hannah) and my nephew, Micah. I wish I'd been able to find a picture of my parents as well because they are truly amazing, but if I added pictures of my entire family it would become a book and not just a scrapbook page, lol!
The fallout at the FBC had rocked the media world. Revelations that Najib and another scandal-tainted Malaysian leader, the Chief Minister of Sarawak Taib Mahmud had both paid handsome sums for glowing accounts of their achievements to be packaged and sold as ‘news’ programs to overseas broadcasters such as BBC, CNN and CNBC are appalling, and have dented Malaysia’s image. The country is tainted because the PM was caught red-handed trying to lie to world about himself and his administration.
As writers sometimes we tell too many of our character’s secrets too soon and it deflates all of the mystery. Reader’s like to be surprised when they read, to be drawn in to unravel the truth.
JANUARY 1985
This time I will show you how to make a star or a poinsettia. I saw this great idea in the Split Coast Stampers website. The designer made it with punches. I don't have those punches but I have a Cricut! So I used the Cricut Craftroom and the Tags, Bags, Boxes & More Cricut Cartridge to make this project.
I also ended up serving the fondants a second time without blending the soup and much less apple juice and the general consensus was that it was much nicer - less sugary and more pretty.
It's the story of little orphaned Nobody "Bod" Owens - the sole survivor of a heartless, gruesome triple murder - who has been raised by the graveyard ghosts for most of his life. He's been given the gift of the Freedom of the Graveyard and schooled by the specters on ghostly skills like Fading. As he ages, like any normal curious child, Bod begins to pine for life beyond the graveyard gates and grows more and more determined to find out about his life before the cemetery. Where there's a will, there's a way, and our defiant yet extremely naive Bod brings nothing but trouble to himself, his guardian Silas, and the graveyard in his search for answers.
The Threat Not Just to Japan But to the U.S. and the World
Hurtado notes the curious neglect of the study of “God” in NT theology and surveys recent works (1990s on) that have gone some way to rectify this oversight.This post is related to just some of what he says in this chapter. Some interesting quotes and observations include:
Sometimes in life (or in the life following immediately after your death) all you need is a decent person around you. I felt this same way when visiting Canada for the first time. Everyone says hello – and it was just so…decent.
on the road to Chicago.
Bo-Bo Farm Free-Range Roasted Lemon
Through a barrage of filth, deviancy, lies and deception, Nick Griffin has utterly destroyed the BNP—and the hard work, money, effort and sacrifice of thousands of activists for over a decade.
The flower and tree blooms start winking at me. The warmth of the sun gives me hugs. The sweet southern breeze whispers sweet nothingness into my ears. The fresh smell of cut grass starts the dreams for never-ending sunshine. The sights of ice cream cones become more frequent as the sounds of live music and street music cushion the ears. The sound of the laughter and screams of children beckon you to your own playground. Bicyclers smile as they ride towards their destination. The thoughts of fresh foods soon to come leave your mouth watering.
A rollicking good time appeared to be had by all (at least from where I was sitting), plenty of money was raised for the SOS Helpline and no-one got hurt (except, perhaps, for the collective dignity and pride of the French nation, so insistent were the parries and thrusts from those of us who make a buck poking fun at or otherwise highlighting the apparent absurdity of some of their quirkier habits).
Iceland's thousand years,
They all drank the wine and discussed the offer. The neighbour was skeptical. French was interested in seeing the ritual. They debated it back and forth for a bit, but he decided against it. French was disappointed.
But still the show does not go on till he goes on the show
I’m famous!! Well, not really. Last week my blog was featured on Freshly Pressed and since then I’ve had many thousand views, hundreds of comments and some lovely new followers. thank you all for your kind comments, and a big hello to any new readers. I was particularly pleased with the busy week on my blog as it’s been a horrible week here in Dublin and I’ve been mostly unable to get out to the plot. The weather has been horrendous, stormy, cold and depressing, more like winter than late spring.
Stone Sublimely Self Righteous
~ 'so you think you can bounce' competition on the trampoline
I have made many mistakes and no doubt will make more before I die. When I have seen pain, when I have found that my ineptness has caused displeasure, I have learned to accept my responsibility and to forgive myself first, then to apologize to anyone injured by my misreckoning. Since I cannot un-live history, and repentance is all I can offer God, I have hopes that my sincere apologies were accepted.
As part of Teacher Appreciation week,
I could go on and on, but I think you already get the idea. In addition to all of the stuff I just listed, she was also by Georgia’s side at every treatment and every doctor’s appointment. She made sure that they celebrated every milestone and every test result that showed Georgia was winning her battle. And she also made sure that Ivy felt included and important throughout the entire year.
I’m back after 10 days away. I opened the shutters this morning to hear a nightingale outside the bedroom window. Later there was another, and a cuckoo competing with them.
The car drove up, slowed down and came to a stop. The window came down. “You look awfully nice,” I heard, “All dressed up to be out walking the dogs!”
Writers are frequently asked to talk about what inspires them. It’s a difficult question for me to answer because I don’t believe in inspiration, not in any Romantic sense of the word and I never talk about my muse. I believe in ideas. My definition of inspiration is a good idea. And I can get a good idea anywhere.
Here is 1st Weightless Wednesday Numbers;
This raises an interesting question: Why is it, at no point, has any one - Sanef, the PGA, editors and opinion makers alike - given any consideration to the possibility that Anna Majavu is, in fact, biased? Certainly one cannot expect the DA to be taken at its word, just as someone who brings a case before a court of law cannot automatically be ruled in favour of.
Her luggage was in her berth - in the next car...
Step four: Move the pallet as close to the area that you plan to keep it. Whether you plan to use bags of soil or buckets of dirt, it’s better to bring the dirt to the pallet, rather than try to move it afterwards. It will be heavy.
As a kid I remember being deathly afraid of thunderstorms for a while. I think someone at school told me a story about a person he knew who had been struck by lightning and died, and since eight year-olds are a credible resource of information, I believed him. Although the fear was pretty strong, it was relatively short-lived; I got over it fairly quickly. But why? It was a combination of things, no doubt, but one reason was the fact that every time there was a storm, my mom and dad were not scared a bit. They just kept living life as if nothing was different; doing the laundry and watching Monday night football. I knew that my parents had been around longer than me and knew a lot about a lot more things than I did, so if they weren’t scared, there was something comforting they knew about thunderstorms that I didn’t. This helped put my fears to rest.
A million shattered dreams
First things first: I found a blog-friend! Her name is Holly and she lives two doors down from me and she is lovely and you should get out her blog because she's so lovely: Contemplations of my Reverie. Go. Do it now.
Rusty faucets or leaky pipes will cause most buyers to run away. Be sure that your plumbing is in top condition so your buyers will not walk away because of plumbing problems.
2. Retrieve pill from floor and cat from behind sofa. Cradle cat in left arm and repeat process.
Machine Control
Tests conducted in laboratory rats have shown that it is safe for human consumption. E 'in Asian countries for thousands of years used for a wide range of diseases, benefiting all those who like medicine.
Dominant Values of a Brand: Masculine or Feminine?
The bunny you see hanging on the door. That is a bunny bag holder I had made years ago.
Last night I found out that Jim Smith passed on September 16, 2011. This is a late tribute to a talented man with a big heart. I hope some of his many friends find their way here. If you are one of those friends, please add your stories of Jim.
And for the record, my friend just could not understand as to why was I clicking so many pictures..:D
I tried to keep all my shadows consistent, so you can easily tell that the light is coming from the upper right. (For more ideas on shadow placement, run a search on "shadows" on this blog using the search bar at the top.)
As you can see my oven got a good workout this month. And I see that I still have to learn to remember to take pictures before I wolf down my food. Hehe whoops :) Guess there are still bloggy lessons to learn!
It doesn’t work. Most of the time, this backfires. They resent us. We can achieve what he wants in a much different way than us using the bully attitude that you will do it our way. This is the…
I really enjoyed this novel, especially Lydia’s story. I really wanted her to solve her mystery and save her relationship with Dan. I really missed Lydia during the historical chapters of the book. The only thing I wasn’t keen on was Henry VIII being present in Anne Boleyn’s birthing chamber.
Go figure.
Sid was cautious as he squirted a highly flammable premix he concocted from an empty bottle of dish soap into the blood stained interior of the Impala. He douched the passenger seat with a little extra, took three steps backward and struck the match.
Papi has been very respectful of my recent phobia unleashing it's Pit of Doom, and has been good about closing the bathroom door to be sure I don't get any unwanted Plastic Penis ogling.
An open, accountable regulatory process serves the public interest and contributes to the economic development of the state.
What I forgot to mention is the fact that you also have to be mindful of your target. Before taking this brave new step ask yourself: who do I want to remember me? The ones that are always mocking me? The girl /guy that broke my heart? The media? That teacher that gave me an F? Should I scar them for life? These are some very important questions you should ask yourself before taking the necessary step towards suicide. Sure, people might say you were an idiot and you probably deserve it anyway, sure they might use some fancy jedi-tricks and say that you had plenty of other solutions, sure they might even say that (additionally to being an idiot) you are an idiot at a gargantuan scale, but what do they know? Peasants.
There's been a spell of bright sunny weather recently, and the days suddenly seem to have grown that bit longer. Like most British people, I am obsessed with the weather and we tend to get unreasonably excited at any breaks in the cloud.
Already, he’s acknowledged to teachers, through an e-mail, that he can do a better job of communicating with them. That’s a good start.
Styrofoam pumpkins or gourds
LIVE MUSIC (details to come)
As mentioned earlier, Hogan was wearing the black and white colors of the nWo while using his villainous Hollywood persona, while The Rock had long been a fan favorite. However, none of that mattered to the 68,000+ fans that filled the SkyDome in Toronto. Just the excitement of seeing Hulk Hogan compete in a WWE ring for the first time in almost ten years was enough to have the crowd cheer in favor of The Hulkster and boo The Rock. It was at that point that the magical moment went beyond the match, but it was the fact that these two great superstars were in the same ring and about to go head-to-head.
Jenny made the BEST Glass noodle chicken stir fry something or another. I seriously could NOT stop eating it. oink oink.
Dylan: Yeah, why?
I won’t be cleaning the carpet either. Mud from allotment boots in the hall gets walked onto the carpets as soon as someone walks in there in their slippers. I won’t be down on my knees shampooing the carpet, I won’t be washing it when I spill coffee, I won’t be hoovering and there is NO FUCKING WAY I’ll be walking around in my socks. I have very little circulation to my feet and I’m not pretending that ugly carpet has made Annual Warm Foot Day a daily event just so my mum doesn’t have to spend as much time cleaning the carpet.
“There’s nothing here but me. No treasure, no Marian apparition, no sex party. I know I’m not exactly what you are looking for, but I have a lot of interesting things to share.”
By fast forwarding to the last two years, it can be seen that the inflation rise coincides with rising debt-to-GDP, slowing GDP growth and rising unemployment. Higher inflation in the last two years can be put down to effects that squeeze consumer spending such as higher commodity prices, higher import costs due to weaker sterling and the VAT rise.
Age: 54
Hope you all had a creative Wednesday :)
“Sure. That means in about two and a half hours those shakes will be melted.”
In our life we can place judgement on alot of things but the key is to look at things from an observer perspective and try to practice non-judgement, even if it looks like it needs to be changed, check with your higher self, sometimes the lesson needs to be learned for the soul to grow and learn……Enjoy xoxo
I hope you will find a lot of useful things on these sites. I also want to tell Amy and Annie thank you for your advice on my last post. Oh and, I want to add the Wii to my list of useful technology. The possibilities are endless folks.
Becoming a star will become your doom.
I hovered around the apples in the supermarket today to find
Smiling boosts the immune system. If you smile a lot you can expect your body’s immune system to benefit, reducing your chances of getting ailments.
All available real-time from the site and will stay on your device for use when you’re off-the-grid. If someone adds a Peak or Trailhead conditions update to the site, you can get it as soon as it’s on 14ers.com.
Flint has some of the nation's most vacant neighborhoods. It's largely the result of people moving out of the city, even out of the area, after more than 70,000 General Motors jobs evaporated over the years.
It is Orson Welles’ embellishments which make this film work. It starts with the characters. While O’Hara is as boring a protagonist as I can recall from a film noir, and Elsa, despite being played by the gorgeous Rita Hayworth, is also fairly run-of-the-mill, the attorneys are well-conceived. Arthur hobbles around on crutches from an unnamed ailment and George has a way of talking which sounds like the braying of a mule. Both are cross-eyed and speak with an alcohol-induced slur throughout the film. Welles sometimes emphasizes this with the use of extreme closeups. Welles also has a lot of fun with the courtroom sequence, at which point the film teeters into the surreal. This includes a scene in which Arthur is himself called to testify in O’Hara’s trial and as opposing counsel, cross-examines himself. Of all the Welles’ touches, the most notable is the hall of mirrors sequence at the end. Describing it is difficult but it involves two people with guns and rows of oddly curved mirrors.
There is an issue of a message coded in Korean. The trick was the message was a transcription from keyboard.
The buyers of our farmhouse had no interest in keeping the Aga - did we want to take it with us? What a question! We employed a man to come and move it for us. He was as squat and solid as the cooker, with hands as large as the hob lids. He moved the Aga with great skill, and seeming ease, out of the kitchen and through the door by means of a few wooden rollers. It sat in the garage of our new home for a while until we had rearranged the kitchen, having to knock down a wall to accommodate it. Once it was in place our small cottage started to feel like home.
It's always nighttime, as I remember it, or early morning, in the fog. And that was how it was until the night of the snowfall.
So let's put the serious bookish bit off a bit more by an interview with a mega-selling chick-lit author who can provide some glamour and success and riches and stuff, and then by having a nice little lark, a film of a reporter rushing around Spitalfields with strange words stuck on big cards like street signs, getting charmingly engaged with the public (and hope it doesn't seem embarrassingly forced).
end of one.
"Police were in the vicinity and were able to respond quickly. They came with their lights flashing and in totally marked cars," explained Opperman.
Again, I didn't really care. Usually, if I was playing against my brother or sister, I would just let them win because it made them happy. Especially my baby brother. Guess that explains why he's such a spoiled brat now, huh?
I was amazed as I heard their stories: each unique and completely opposite, but with the same ending... Jesus saving them from their complete and utter depravity in the face of a holy and awesome God.
Oh, yes. Miss Hawthorne. If Whitaker is haunting the program literally as well as figuratively now, disappeared into eternity without so much as a thorough interviewing to finally nail down what it was he was doing, we mustn’t forget about the other overtly magical influence on the program, Mr. Barry Letts. The one we know was high on Dennis Wheatley at the least, whose debut on the series was directing Whitaker’s last solo script, who wrote The Daemons, and who got brought on to supervise for Nathan-Turner’s first year. We know he had his fingers in Warrior’s Gate, rewriting the I Ching sections a bit.
And so we started out of the park. And she ran into the road. Thankfully it is a very quiet street, and a surprisingly seemingly unused park, so she was fine. I was lucky. She melted into tears and became a boneless mass, unhappy that at first I yelled at her, and then because I was putting her into the car.
Here's a look at his magnificent house and garden at Musk Farm.
With pig-markets in the three locations heavily weighted towards smallholder producers, the workshop paid particular attention to the challenges facing the informal pig sector. Providing support technically, organizationally and through market innovations to these smallholders is of growing importance in countries such as Vietnam. For it is in these developing economy markets, that concerns of food safety which are arising from heightened demand for animal-source foods, is being answered by public policy in favor of industrialization, and as such – threatens smallholder market access.
3 tablespoons SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated
So for those who still care about my bridesmaid saga, I only have one more wedding left this summer! This one, for some reason, has proved itself the most stressful, though. I can't quite put my finger on why, but this is the one that's been giving me anxiety dreams.
Anyway, I commented on this particular authors post and said, something to the effect of "That's it... I've said I'm going to start so many times, now I will." Well, of course, that was 3 or 4 weeks ago now, but I am going to start. It will be fun to journal about my daily prayer needs and see what God has done. I'm hoping it will help me hold myself accountable in prayer, and in thanksgiving.
Random post i know… Maybe it’s the nocturnal thing.
Cork is Portugal; tile is Portugal. Hope you like it! :)
"My pants are coming down!"
(6) Then the last judgment of God will come to pass against the nations. For He will shake the earth from its foundations, and the cities shall be overthrown, and He shall rain upon the wicked fire with brimstone and hail, and they shall be on fire, and slay each other. But the righteous shall for a little space be concealed under the earth, until the destruction of the nations is accomplished, and after the third day they shall come forth, and see the plains covered with carcasses.
“Obviously, from a competitive standpoint we are disappointed with the league’s decision to suspend Rondo,” Celtics coach Doc Rivers said following announcement of the suspension. “He plays a valuable part in our team’s success. We accept the punishment and will use it as a learning tool for our players.”
During
I had dreamed of going to Egypt ever since my first history lesson and in 2008 my dream came true. After spending days in the baking sun, taking in the wonderful sights and sounds of temples, the bustle of the soukhs and markets, we stared in awe at the pyramids…….
Uncertainty Avoidance
And made phone calls, or love, or flicked their lighters,
3. The Phenomenauts - Mission
These other people, co-existing in my Universe, just let go and move on. Admirable, really. What a concept. Why can’t I be more like them?
Imagine waking up in the morning dreading what's ahead. And then there's waking up in the morning believing it's a new day with brand new opportunity. Which would you choose?
So fast-foward to the next meeting, which was February 25th. Dad was able to come to the meeting this time so he met Josh and his parents and we all kind of hung out after the meeting. This other girl came up and started to talk to Josh and I saw that they exchanged phone numbers and I was like - ok, so that's cool, whatever...and I didn't think much more about it. Then I saw her leave. And Josh said,"Hey, Rachel, come over here." I was like 3 feet away but other people were talking around us and it wasn't that easy to hear. So I went over there and then he said,
I was very interested to see if the two different versions had created correspondingly different opinions of the book among the group. Doug, who sent a message to say that he wasn't going to be able to make the meeting after all, must have been reading the early edition, as he said in the message that he didn't think the time-shift structure quite worked. He also felt that 'the whole thing feels like you're viewing it through the bottom of a glass - making some of the points I think Fitzgerald is trying to make on class, Americans / the Old World, war etc. just a bit fuzzy and imprecise', but in spite of that he was finding it 'hugely captivating and there's something pretty magical in the writing.'
Diameter at lip of bowl: 4.9 inches (12.6 centimeters)
and in taking that journey, I will most assuredly be with you.
3. Why is it necessary to classify cervical cancers into one system, then change everything up, combine and re-classify everything into a second system, and still expect us to know both systems?
more sophisticated.
Finally, for the latest high-profile case involving college athletics—the arrest of a former Penn State defensive coordinator for widespread sexual abuse of young boys, and the arrest of the university’s AD for allegedly lying to the grand jury investigating the affair—Dan Wetzel’s column expresses my sentiments about the university's conduct more effectively than I could.
Having a scale to weigh on is in almost everyone’s bathroom and some people religiously step on it every day to see if they have lost or gained weight. Some are on a special exercise or other programs that are supposed to assist them in losing weight and they are trying to find out the results. With Tanita scales, in addition to weight, it is possible to find out what is happening in other parts of the body.
(I have not received any money from Celestial Seasonings for this... but they are totally free to send me buttloads of their Chai Tea which I heart more than Bengal Spice. *hint hint* *wink wink*)
50 vanilla wafers
And then dun dun dun.......The fun began.
What drew you to the horror genre?
…Ryan, the author of the House Republican budget endorsed by Mitt Romney, said his program was crafted “using my Catholic faith” as inspiration. But the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops was not about to bless that claim.
I have also seen a child who's parents use "everything" but spanking and their child is willful, disobedient and malicious and is just a downright terror. This little kid bit my two kids, unprovoked, a total of 15 times. Obviously..."everything" isn't working. Personally, I am of the opinion that the kid needs a good swat on the behind to know that what she did was NOT okay. (And I'm not implying either that the kid needed a spanking after the first bite or even the third, but FIFTEEN is a little excessive.) Why are your children in a position to get bitten by the same child fifteen times? If you know the other child has a tendency to bite, then why is he alone with your children long enough to bite them over and over again? Should someone spank you for letting this happen? I don't think so. Try sending the message that the biting "was NOT okay" by having an adult present to intervene when the situation comes up again.
In this first testing ground of the atomic bomb I have seen the most terrible and frightening desolation in four years of war. It makes a blitzed Pacific island seem like an Eden. The damage is far greater than photographs can show.
This link, shows on how a Star Wars school in Chile, known as the Jedi Temple, is taking kids to new heights by experiencing the fun of learning, and creativity, through the magigal world, of Star Wars.
Hunger not I, for the "Hunger Games" hype,
Since my last post, we had a couple more days of crap weather so were stuck in the apartment. We tried to play ball but it got stuck between the beams in our ceiling. That was pretty exciting.
If you have not been following the Mobile Patent Wars (which are becoming as complex as the War of the Roses) then the simple announcement that Apple has won a round against Motorola Mobility (and thus against Google, who is acquiring MotoMo) won’t have much context. But this particular round appears to be an important one. A German Court (in the lovely little South German town of Karlsruhe) has shot down MotoMo’s attempts to get Germany to ban the import of Apple mobile products, based on patents that MotoMo owns. These patents were built into the 3G standards, and as such, must be licensed to all comers at Fair, Reasonable and NonDiscriminatory rates (hereafter: FRAND, if I am forced to use it hereafter).
loveS
And, unfortunately, it is in this type of environment of one-sidedness and political propaganda that the future left-wing politicians of Norway have their ideas and opinions formed. And nowhere is it more prevalent than within the ranks of SU (the youth wing of the socialist Left) and the AUF (the youth wing of the Labour Party). Former leader of the Oslo branch of the AUF, Askil Pedersen, was thrilled that Hamas won the elections in 2006 and stated that:
I would leave you all now…the anniversary of the death of my most cherished friend comes up in an hour, I wouldn’t want to miss a second. I live with my conscience, may our society feed on its own…
And sometimes let your mind rest.
We must change the measure of success for our system of education.
But my favorite way of eating strawberries is mashed with ice cream or milk and sugar—this is how I grew up eating strawberries
Generally speaking, life is good.
Sorry for the short post today, word wise, anyway, but i feel like crap, and i really am sad about going home.
Magic accomplished!
Be sure to leave comments along the entire hop
Rev. Robert Lynch, Bishop of the Diocese of St. Petersburg, Florida, issued a strong letter of rebuke that was shared in diocese churches this past Sunday, asserting that by virtue of the Affordable Care Act, “the president and his secretary for Health and Human Services are willingly and willfully precipitating a constitutional crisis by causing this assault on the freedom of religion at the federal level.” Requiring church insurance policies to cover contraception is “an assault on the sacred”, the Bishop claims, adding, “We just wish to be left alone to follow the dictates of our conscience. This is indeed the worst assault on religious freedom by the federal government in a long time. It cannot be allowed to stand.”
Fire Place
“Mourn with those that mourn; yea, and comfort those that stand in need of comfort.” (Alma the Elder - Mosiah 18:9)
I spent a lot of time at the pool this week both with my family and with just my little ones and my sister! It has been super sunny and perfect pool/beach weather! This weekend we spent time with my mother-in-law and got to got to the beach on both Saturday and Sunday. We took the girls to Ocean City, NJ. This was Zazu's first trip to the beach. She thoroughly disliked the dry sand and refused to touch it, but otherwise we all had a fantastic time.
At the end of every season, the awards start pouring out. Typically everyone identifies their Athletes of the Year, and Performances of the Year. There are also awards for Collegiate Athletes (Bowerman) and lists of the top athletes. Between now and the end of the calendar year I will also be taking a look at the various top athletes of 2010. Some will be conventional (such as Athletes of the Year), but I also want to take a look at some non standard classifications. So I am going to start with the athletes that I considered to be the athletes that I feel had the top breakthrough seasons among American athletes.
Pages: 400
Remember the Prime Minister as a mother and a grandmother went to the family’s home to cry with Daniel’s mother and grandmother?
“Excuse me, my lady, but thou’s beauty has blinded me,” he whispered in her ears. She only smiled.
Guendelman S, Pearl M, Graham S, Angulo V, Kharrazi M. Utilization of Pay-in Antenatal Leave Among Working Women in Southern California. Matern Child Health J 2006;10: 63-73.
Answer from you heart. Smile at them, let them know you still care. But let them also know your answer, and you both can move on.
6.get rowdy
How far along: 14 weeks
- Taxi from hotel to Charles De Gaulle Airport 75 euro (the hotel took 23 euro n the balance of 52 euro paid to the taxi driver)
Such a venerable institution didn’t vary wherever cattle and men were brought together, and so Cory and Reb enjoyed the campfire as much as any on their trek North to Dawson City, Yukon.
ONE LOVE-
This year the cranberry sauce is going to be replaced with cranberry chutney. I am not really sure how one is different from the other because one of these recipes is similar to cranberry sauce I have been making for years. Maybe I have been making chutney all along.
Welcome to the world of one of the Bay Area’s best kept secrets,C-Money “The One-n-Only”. Formally of U.T.G. (Unda Tha Gun), a San Jose based rap group known for such hits as “The Evil That Men Do,” featurig Sacramento legend C-Bo, as well as many other projects with some of Northern California’s finest underground MC’s.
Some of these therapies include psychotherapy, support groups, guided imagery, visualization techniques, meditation, biofeedback, hypnosis, breathing techniques, and yoga. Mind/body approaches work with the idea that the mind and emotions can profoundly influence the health of the body.
◦Marcy Schwarz - That's me
High unemployment, economic uncertainty and low incomes are among the reasons cited for the drop in Spanish investment.
Intentions that Change a State of Affairs: These are intentions whose content specifies that, in order for them to be satisfied, the present state of affairs must be altered in one or more ways. To use the vocabulary introduced earlier, the world must be changed in order to fit with the content of the intention.
I swear sometimes I think I’m the only one left in the Horde that’s not a damn retard LOL.
Now Lucky's is that grocery store that - dare I say - attracts quite the interesting group of people. There have been times when I've wondered how near-expiration my purchased chicken is, and if the milk was on "super sale!" because it was about to start smelling "super sour!" But still, it's our closest grocery store, so I am embracing all that Lucky's has to offer.
DAN AYKROYD (Loose Cannons)
The 1902 article from the Atlanta Constitution gave a more complete account of Campbell’s life:
