You should have seen me in opposition to Labour.
For better understanding see this video..
“That’s that gol-darn ol' Bulletholes”
Our sponsor this week is
That this is what we fear - no sight, no sound,
What makes Perfect Chemistry a book in its own league is not the fact that everyone is in love with the tale of star crossed lovers, but because Simone has crafted and perfected such endearing characters in both Alex and Brittany. Their voices were strong, were personalised realistically and were very relatable to any reader. I found that Simone has synchronised each of her character's thoughts, words and feelings into the narration. Of course, the sassy, witty, and sometimes deliriously sexy dialogue is incorporated well.
Puget Sound Energy Forms A Joint Venture With RES Americas 11
Oil- 1 /2 tbsp
Saltspring Island but she had a good look at the displays and joined the sampling along with many other shoppers.
8. Busker Busker : “The Flowers”
-My favourite thing to do with the kids is hang out in the hammock and read books.
I took a week off from the chill of Boston and headed west to see my folks in Dallas. E and I decided to take a couple of days and visit Austin. I'm in Austin right now. I'm loving this lil town. And culinary wise, it's been really good to us.
The first set of photos in this album feature images of the murals that myself and other volunteers helped paint at Ryerson Elementary School on March 10th, 2012. I painted the image of the kangaroo and some of the words on the large wall mural. My favorite moment there was seeing the expression on the young students’ faces when they passed through the floors and saw what we had done to their school. They were so thankful for our assistance in beautifying the building. It was truly a wonderful moment.
Cook 2 bags of Steamers brown rice to serve with beef & broccoli.
The one thing I remember the most about my grandfather is how he was always reading.
Possibly one or both of you would have a punishment, ranging from a spanking to being sent to your room. Or perhaps, you would get to do a task, such as washing and scrubbing the floors (that was usually doled out to my sister and me) to cutting the grass (that was usually doled out to my brothers).
Walking can add minutes to your life. This enables you at 85 years old
Another way to win some digi stamps is to join in on our regular Friday digi challenge. This week the challenge is to create an easel card, using digital stamps only. You don't have to use SNSS digis but we love it when you do! Link your easel card directly to InLinkz on the SNS Digi Challenge Blog to enter.
BF: Yeah! Exactly. And that’s why the generals are now on our side.
And that's it. That's all, I just think this one thought, and I am filled with joy. It hits me with a force as palpable as your hands raising Lola higher, higher, higher to see Santa walking the line last night, that I am blessed beyond all measure, that I am in fact, filled with abundance. You and I, honey, are always there for our children, and they know in their filament and molecule, that they are safe, and loved inside our family. Abudance. Our children are with us. they are safe, they are healthy, they believe in our eventual ability to solve all problems, even the older ones!- and the more we rise to the occasion, every time we find a way, every time we love gracefully, every apology, every moment that could have been lost but is instead embraced, we become stronger, and more of a pack. Our pack is together. This is the meaning of the holidays. We say words that are gold emellishments on greeting cards we send other people and we forget their absolute integrity, power and truth. Peace and love are not a greeting card, or a present, or a diamond ring, or even, my sweetheart, a big house in the suburbs.
The second story of the hour, is about Chris D'Lacey.
happy hump (hehehehe hump) day, everyone. i feel like hiding, friends. all i want to do is just crawl into a hole and pretend like i don’t exist, which is what i did yesterday after i got off work. this week has not been the easiest week for me, and i find myself struggling just to make it to another weekend to find some relief. but, my friend Aaron is coming this weekend and i have not seen him in 2 years, so needless to say, i am incredibly excited. yesterday, i was so upset about stupid shit that i allowed myself to eat my weight in Taco Bell. i am not proud of it, but the steps to overcoming these types of addictions begins with confrontation and honesty. so, i’m being honest. but, to counteract this, i wanted to make a blog update dedicated to some awesome food i cooked this weekend and some awesome people i spent some time with this weekend for the holiday.
“If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just and will forgive our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness. If we say we have not sinned, we make Him a liar and His word is not in us.” 1 John 1:9-10
In an emergency, will your child accept a ride with just anyone?
We don't ever need to fear
For nonfiction, you can limit it to the next self-help nonfiction work appropriate for XYZ line.
There’s plenty of guest stars, too, popping in for quick appearances. It’s telling that Bobin and Segel draw on everyone from Mickey Rooney to Selena Gomez to give everyone in the audience someone to recognize, but the emphasis is definitely on the geeky-yet-hip set that’s in favor on TV right now: Segel, Neil Patrick Harris, that Sheldon guy from the craptacular Big Bang Theory, Rashida Jones, John Krasinski, Zach Galifianakis, Sarah Silverman, and their patron saint, Jack Black. When Selena Gomez shows up and admits to Kermit that, “I don’t really know who you are,” the same could be said going in the other direction, too. With all those hip comedians running around, it’s a pretty clear sign that Muppets fans from back in the day are the smart, in-the-know ones, but the film makes a point to bring in a wide-range of celebrities to remind us that the Muppets are for everyone.
But, then, I only watch.
because I am now an expert
So remember you have until next Tuesday to link your projects to Mr.Linky, if you do not have a blog don't worry email me your projects to madebymomo@yahoo.com and I will link it for you! I only have 2 rules! Follow the challenge and HAVE FUN! XOXO
The Cat's Meow and I got this wonderful set called "Vintage Ornaments"- I wanted them to be the focus on my card so I went with a very clean and simple design. I used cardstocks & inks from CTMH in Vineyard Berry and New England Ivy, I think I will do this design again using cream cardstock for a more vintage feel!
Eternal love.
2. William is an extremely picky eater. I guarantee you that he is pickier than your picky eater. His favorite food is “the rolls at the Great American Steak and Buffet.”
3/14/12 I am thankful for
The roads in Alaska are ALWAYS glazed over with ice. Unlike the lower-48 states where the snowplows keep the roads clean; here in Alaska we have so much snow, that it is always ice covered and dangerous. Whiteouts occur with little or no warning, and oftentimes the weather will change in a heartbeat. Those who venture out into the remote areas have to keep basic survival supplies in the car, or they could potentially die within a few miles of the nearest gas station. Most small (mom & pop) gas stations close a little after dark-thirty.
Paper - PTI Ripe Avocado, White, Pure Poppy and Kraft Card stock, Gift Wrapping paper - recycled.
To read about the back-room maneuvers leading to the birth of the new financial system please help finance our investigations by subscribing to this newsletter or else, if you cannot afford it, ask a friend to e-mail you a copy.
On July 27, the USPTO (very quietly) slipped in the IDS rule changes for OMB review:
Indian environmentalists and grassroots activists need to urgently master the utility of the Biodiversity Convention in the fight for justice and fair play. It is important as it also covers access to the traditional knowledge of communities – another area of plunder. It also encompasses transfer of technology, including bio-technology, to governments or local communities that provide traditional knowledge or biodiversity resources.
P. D James is well known in the field of detective fiction, particularly for her Adam Dalgliesh detective series of which I have quite a few, all published by Penguin.
“Just unpacking” I say.
Does that mean a writer should chase the market? No, never, ever chase the market. What it does mean though is that you need to be willing to roll with the punches. You might sit down with a plan to write fantasy and realize halfway through your book that what you’re really writing or what you’re really good at is romance. So go with that. Don’t force yourself to be a fantasy writer or a literary writer or a mystery writer if you really aren’t. If it seems that romance might be your thing, join RWA and learn about romance. If books are getting sexier and you’re comfortable writing sexy, then go with that, stretch yourself, and I can almost guarantee you’ll find success.
Anyway, here was the spread:
Your son,
There is an important point being made here about the future of industrial action law. The idea that a strike ballot should only be lawful if a majority of those entitled to vote (rather than those actually voting) vote in favour of action has been kicking around for years. In fact it was in the 1997 Conservative Party manifesto. It is still very much a live issue today and I’m sure that without a Liberal Democrat running the relevant Government department the change would be on the way to the statute book already. As it is, it only takes one high profile strike to put the issue right at the top of the business agenda.
CSA (Community Supported Agriculture): Many of the expenses to small farms are incurred early in the season, before income starts coming in, from harvest: seeds, fertilizer, fuel for greenhouses etc. CSAs help small farms by providing money early in the season, to help offset these expenses. Members pay for a season's worth of produce in advance and in exchange, recieve a "share" of the harvest available each week. CSA members "partner" with the farmer, sharing the risks (weather, pests) and share in the rewards.
Well thats all for now, thanks for reading :).
As always, In My Mailbox is brought to you by Kristi, AKA The Story Siren.
It then extends north for, I believe. about 3 kilometers in front of a military firing range. Note this part is closed when the firing range is being used.
3. Gitarzan - Ray Stevens
None of the elect can go to hell (or the Romanist fiction of purgatory), because that would imply double payment.
65 can
God, if I had a Mom, I bet she’d be all like, “Why do you always have to bring sadness into everyone’s lives?” and I’d retort, “Because I’m Death, Mom! This is what I do!” Oh, and then I bet she’d say “Why can’t you go out and get a regular job, like everyone else? All you do is make everyone miserable!” and I’d scream “Making people miserable is all I know, cause I learned how to do it from you!”
But one thing that I've been doing is creating more beaded wool bobbles (see my last post about them here) and I'm now transforming them into punky and funky beaded alliums. I tell ya - they are quite fun and addictive to make - not to mention a great way to use up scrap strips of felted wool!
I have used Lot's of my favourites on my card...
Here on expat explorer we are always looking for practical advice on how to make transition to expat life easier so please do share your top tips!
This book is definitely a must read. I am sure you will be touched by these lives, and would want to find more about India.
Paper: I bought a huge pack for $5 that has 200 sheets and I only used 4 for this project. So those 4 pieces of paper cost $0.10 :)
What really put it over the top for me is that I just took my pharmacology final last Friday and tuberculosis meds were on it. Streptomycin for TB, ludicrous!
Wednesday: You have taken the land which is rightfully ours. Years from now, my people will be forced to live in mobile homes on reservations. Your people will wear cardigans and drink highballs. We will sell our bracelets by the road sides; you will play golf, and enjoy hot hors d’oeuvres. My people will have pain and degradation. Your people will have stick shifts. The gods of my tribe have spoken. They have said, “Do not trust the Pilgrims … especially Sarah Miller.”
I hate that term – midlife crisis. It infers a kind of temporary insanity that compels rational adults to engage in wildly irresponsible or out-of-character behavior in an attempt to reconnect with their youth. You know, like acquiring racy sports cars, wearing polyester or having hot pink feathers professionally installed in one’s hair.
It's almost time! Sarah screamed running in and pushing a pair of Christian Louboutins into Miss 'Petras arms along with the iPhone.
doorknob has 1 day to do a kind deed for someone
The 1994 Nations Cup winning striker died yesterday in an hospital located in Ibadan and will be buried today according to Muslim rites today in Ira, Kwara, Nigeria.
New header.
6. The oil, water temperature, and alternator warning lights would all be replaced by a single "This Car Has Performed An Illegal Operation" warning light. I love the next one!!!
Until now you have not asked anything in my name;
which would infinitely enrich your life:
Comment #1079 - Diana (the winner will receive an email if more than one Diana entered) (confirmed)
Art. 23 (Entrusted investigation) When, during the process of case investigation, the copyright administrative management entities entrust other copyright administrative management entities to perform investigations on their behalf, they should issue a trust deed. The copyright administrative management entity that is entrusted should give vigorous assistance.
I was recently in a doctor’s office with my 1-year old daughter. As she explored the room, she rose up before two trashcans with rounded lids and started drumming on them with her hands. When I asked her if she was playing the drums, it hit me: she has almost no context for anything in her world. For her, those very well could be drums in the middle of the doctor’s office, and why not? The first few years of a child’s life comprise the most formative years for brain and thought development. This is the stage I jokingly refer to as the “formatting the hard drive” stage, when children are learning the basics of how to draw “Dixie Cups” from the vast, formless ocean of thought by learning basic pattern organization and situational context.
These places are not always easy to visit. Even when the scenery is bucolic, there is almost always an undertone of war. Most times, the only way I can escape is by accepting my own death. Sometimes death doesn’t come as needed, and I have to put a gun to my head. Sometimes I wake with relief, sometimes loss, but always with the ache of loneliness that comes with amnesia, with questions that are not meant to be answered.
So how can you get birds into your backyard? Well, one fairly easy method you can do would be to buy a bird feeder. If you have a specific type of bird you want to attract you have to have the right kind of feed. Humming birds for instance like to eat nectar, so regular bird seed won’t do for them. Also, if you decide to get a bird feeder, you have to make sure you keep it full. Some birds may come to rely on your ‘free food’ and if your feeder is empty the birds could suffer.
She pulls the door open with a silent vow… she will never let Matthew Tucker see her cry again no matter what it takes. She won’t give him that satisfaction.
Glass containers: Wal-Mart
The retreat was at the beautiful Lake Lanier Resort in northern Georgia. This is truly an oasis!
Then the next generation took over, The house was a bit tatty. Visitor numbers dropped and work needed to be done. But instead of putting their hands in their pockets and paying for it, paying for what they got for free, no, these lot were greedy. They sold the silver and they sold the paintings. They made some fast money, spent a little on the house, but kept most of it. But now there was nothing to see and people stopped coming. They needed more money. So then they sold the Gardens, the water systems and the generator to private companies. The other people who lived there were offered shares in the companies. Oh yeah, they were given the choice to buy what they already owned! So, what once only needed to make enough to improve and maintain it’s existence, now has to make a profit. Greedy shareholders and directors want to make cash. So the cost to use these things rocketed. People got in debt to pay for them, couldn’t afford them and so moved out. So when the next generation moved in… us, there is nothing to see so there are no visitors, so no income. You can’t afford the water, the electricity or to walk to your house.You are fucked!
Coincidentally, White will be replaced by Cates in the draw for the Sacramento Classic.
Here’s the rest of the Timeline article and I will be updating it again next week.
Several questions arise in my mind when I read this thought process of Smith’s. First of all, how does one know if their dead relative got the chance to hear the gospel in spirit prison? Secondly, how could someone ever presume that their dead relative would even accept the gospel? Third, if, as many Mormon leaders teach today, that all people will be caught up in the first two levels of heaven regardless of whether they’re Mormon believer or not (i.e. they deny the concept of hell), then what is the point of baptizing the dead? Aren’t we all already going to heaven?
In the afternoon we headed out to celebrate May Day at the same pretty riverside pub as last year. Despite the weather there was a good crowd and the rain mainly held off so things could happen;
From the ultrasound room, we headed into a big room where the x-ray machine was located. The VCUG requires a catheter to be inserted into the urethra and then dye to be injected. Multiple x-rays are taken of the urinary tract to see if there is any issues, which could be causing kidney scarring or urinary tract infections.
Thus it’s a great idea in the abstract to demand a society-wide push for resilience, but in practice, that would involve loading a great many inefficiencies onto the economy. Things would cost more, and fewer people would be able to afford them, since the costs of resilience have to be paid, and the short term benefits of excessive efficiency have to be foregone. That’s not a recipe for winning an election or outcompeting a foreign rival, and the fact that it might just get us through the waning years of the industrial age pays nobody’s salary today. It may well turn out that burning through the available resources, and then crashing into ruin, is simply the most efficient way for a civilization to go.
The important point in answer is that the English revolution, far from aiming to reinvent everything, aimed simply to restore historic and traditional liberties against the encroachment of a non-English (Scottish) tyrant. There are revolutions and there are revolutions -- as any American ought to know. What the revolution stands for and aims at matters. Cromwell himself became a mild tyrant for a short while of course but he was merely one part of the English revolution (and certainly not its initiator) and when he died traditional English governmental arrangements were soon restored.
(Please remember discount of 30% does not apply for digis, to avoid mistakes all digis will be emailed manually and directly from me after I receive notification of purchase of the digis)
Carolina Wood Designs is a carrier and creator of many different wooden cutting board designs. In this blog, we’d like to spend some time talking with you about best cutting board safety. Many people may not realize that you can be more or less safe in terms of food illnesses if you adopt certain procedures for sanitizing and using your cutting boards, be them wood or plastic.
So there you have it! A little bit of neighbourhood history. And who knows, maybe one day there will be a blue plaque on my residence: Talli Roland, famous wine drinker with liver extraordinaire. One can but dream.
Obviously this plan is not perfect (nothing is). Obviously the debt will have to be paid back in the future, but by then the economy and tax revenues will have recovered so we will be much better able to handle it. This is a rough and simplified idea of how Ireland can get out of the recession. But it’s a start.
-Books Made Into Movies – If a book is written and it reaches even mild success, which in this case means more than three people have read it, it’ll probably be made into a movie within the year. The movie will do well because everyone that read the book will go see it. This is partially because they liked the book and partially because they’re uninteresting and need something to talk about. This will then in turn lead to them walking out of the theater saying that the “book was better”. Of course the book was better, the book didn’t have Gerard Butler in it. That’s the best thing about books: they lack Gerard Butler.
Plate your poached eggs. You may, or may not, wish to slice open the yolk and allow some to cascade down your plate. Garnish with tarragon, pepper, and a drizzle of mac oil. Dish up some fat sprouts and happy piggy.
Other information:
..... there's no season quite like it for stirring one into action, particularly in the garden as everything - trees, shrubs, bulbs, flowers, vegetables, AND weeds - burst forth and grow like there's no tomorrow. Whilst trying to keep pace with it all, one also needs to take a few moments to appreciate all that nature is once more enchanting us with.
Anyway, going back to my hero worship, I mean the conference. I was able to take some pictures with Libba at breakfast the next day.
“For he chose us in him before the creation of the world to be holy and blameless in his sight. In love” (Ephesians 1:4 NIV)
Joel Kubie, 1912 E 21st Street, Brooklyn, NY, age 19
My coworker has her class write letters to their last year's teacher to show appreciation.
This past weekend was hectic and kind of a blur, but I know that when push comes to shove, I can get the job done. And the paper isn’t half-bad. There are a few typos, but every week it gets better.
In condiment bowl (or other small bowl) add liquid smoke and olive oil
fans The Max Levine Ensemble
The night involved, apart from the drinking and socialising, several catwalk shows that allowed the models to show just why we need more diversity in the industry and how fantastic they can look. There was of course alot of photography on the night as well, I think I now have significantly more developed arm muscles (not something I wanted lol) having carried around my camera all night!
I had become convinced that LL keeps his head at the bottom of my uterus with his legs and feet up near the top, mostly on the right side. Dr. Smart was able to confirm this as well. I can't imagine that is a comfortable position but he doesn't seem to mind it enough to change it much. And over the last couple of days, he has successfully wedged a body part - I am guessing his butt - under my ribs. When he does move his entire body, I can certainly feel it. It's quite an experience!
Don’t get me wrong—it’s coming together. Every day I begin what’s come to feel like an agonizing marathon in clogs, with people along the route holding orange slices and Dixie cups filled with bad, demoralizing news instead of water, but every day I meet the page goal, somehow, and say to myself. “That wasn’t so bad. Off to bed, have to do it all over again tomorrow!”
And with this, I still keep that promise to myself. I am experiencing the end of a short chapter of my life that I am very torn about ending. I know that it is time for me to get back to classes - I have been chomping at the bit to get started with exegesis and doctrine studies - but I feel the end of my ministry in the congregation. As I sit here, writing on this blog that is largely due to my ministry here and sitting in a house I will never see the inside of again after Wednesday, I struggle with how I should feel. I want to tear up with the love and compassion that I’ve felt yet I want to feel excited about closing another chapter of my life and having the joy of that chapter closing on a good note, without the pains of burn-out of the relief or something painful being over. And I truly am excited to get back to the academic part of my ministry.
-George and Basic shapes (tag itself)
Well, I guess you guys can use it too. As long as you put it back when you’re done. And don’t go losing my instructions, either!
Taylor Buchholz = 5 points
Perhaps a simple headline in the paper that might say.
McDonalds recently won a land mark case in Russia, forever changing an aspect of the fast food market and its profitability. Here is one in the eye of all those who scream, ignorantly, about the Russian judicial system.
By the way, a special thanks to my mom for picking him up and bringing him home. He was shaken up, I was shaken up, and I didn't know whether to hug him to death or beat him with something handy, like maybe a goose, for scaring the ever lovin' heck outta me.
Samsung is very aggressive when it comes to their smartphone lines. Anytime soon, they will be unveiling the latest models of its Galaxy series.
**Except that I am going to Mexico this May and will be legal. One word: TEQUILA.
May God bless our troops, and may God bless the United States of America.
After all...........
I’m furious with her childish behavior. She acts as though she is the other woman or the overbearing mother, disapproving of our relationship. I have never hurt my GF. We do not fight to a point worth mentioning so I am curious as to which part of her behavior shows “good” intentions. Everyone says she’s a bear with the best of intentions. Well hell you could have fooled me. Last time I checked making someone you “love” cry because they didn’t do what you wanted them to do, the way you wanted them to do it, when you wanted them to do it does not have that persons interests in mind at all. Saying things that are intentionally hurtful does not equate to “best of” intentions. I have no idea what everyone is talking about. Its like she has brainwashed them all to believe that the shit that comes out of her mouth somehow has a subtle scent of flowers. It doesn’t.
Clementina has a BA in History of Art, a National Diploma (Ceramics) and a National Higher Diploma (Ceramics). She has taken part in Ceramic Art London for the past seven years and has participated in CSA Regional and National exhibitions receiving an award at the 2010 National Exhibition. In 2011 her work was selected at the Gyeonggi Biennale in Korea.
11 Slow Motion
Since going veg, Tom and I have tried Buffalo "Wings" at a lot of restaurants and for us, the clear winner is Curly's Vegetarian Lunch in NYC. Their "wings" have the perfect texture and the zingiest, most delicious Buffalo Sauce. They are served with Vegan ranch dressing and of course, celery and carrot sticks. And best of all, they don't put those stupid wooden sticks into them to emulate bones. There are some restaurants that do that and it's just creepy and unappetizing.
Easy and delicious, you can add to this recipe to make as many different flavors as you desire!! It's typically a base for any of my flavored buttercreams.
And then… then they tell you that they’re leaving. That they’ve found another path, another way out, one that doesn’t involve the hard work of facing the pain. They’re leaving so they don’t have to deal with someone loving them, but telling them that they need to make better (and admittedly more difficult) choices.
And this includes weirdos.
Animations: 3.5/5 – The animations weren’t actually very grabbing or special. The characters were styled in very simple and typical shoujo anime illustrations (I do think Gin is pretty damn cute. Maybe because I have a thing for silver/white haired guys? *hint hint*) Backgrounds were partially hand-drawn with computer-generated touch ups which is very common in serialized anime. I do give credit, however, to two notes.
It is extremely heartening that by now few lightworkers are jolted by ominous-sounding information in Internet articles or messages from off-planet dark entities or dire reports in mainstream media. Yet, some lightworkers, like so many people who aren’t, dive headlong into fear until the newest prediction or claim is proven baseless. In previous messages we have specified scores of those kinds of deliberate disinformation or doomsday scenarios, so we won’t repeat those, but we shall assure you that all recent scary-sounding situations, such as heavier saber-rattling about Iran, potential radiation from an explosion in Japan and Al Qaida’s plans for terrorism, will come to naught.
(2) This right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non-political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.
Transfer the soup to a blender and blend until smooth. Serve while hot. Enjoy!
If you missed the February 25 show, click on the link below for a taste of what you didn’t get to see.
After we watch this video, I'll generate questions with students for a few minutes in a large group, and I'll have them tell me whether the questions are thick or thin. For example, I might ask the thin question "what color are your shoes?" and then the thick question "how did you choose those shoes?"
And another thing, I think I have cancer.
Philippine military chief Gen. Jessie Dellosa said at an austere opening ceremony that the Balikatan exercises were timely “given the international situation we are in.” He did not elaborate.
Mr Reddy objected to Mr Sibal’s tabling of the Bill on grounds of Rule 294(1) – relating to a “Declaration of Interest” – of the Parliament’s Ethics Committee Report, which states that any member has to declare his interests in a matter being considered:
Columbia University
Make sure it is set at 720p, the room is dark, and no one bothers you while you are watching.
Gold painting with one drippy white cloud and another painting by someone else of a lady's head on a sloppy yellow & orange & black pattern.
On stage at Princeton University, with about, well, 800 people eavesdropping.
I’m sure I missed someone? I’m not even gonna talk bout that Sumo wrestler Somaya, just go away girl you big as a fuckin tonka truck!
This is technically 36 hours later or something but we left Thailand at 5pm and got back to Cali at 8pm - crazy flight!!! Let me just say something about these ladies - amazing! We had such a wonderful time together and even being together 24 hours a day for 2 weeks we got along really well the whole time. That is pretty incredible if you ask me. We had a fantastic trip and I couldn't have asked for better people to travel with!
Here is April's bio in her own words...
I've made my way through half of phase 2. I'm enjoying this one much more than phase 1. Love that it's more challenging and it incorporates a lot of work I need to do to improve my running. It's nice to have something force me to do lunges and squats... much needed! It also has a lot of ab and lower back work in it like planks, crunches, and supermans.
Abell A, Juul S, Bonde JPE. Time to pregnancy among female greenhouse workers. Scand J Work Environ Health 2000; 26: 131-136.
If you are thinking of toilet training your child, I say go for it!!
Steady nose breathing she kept working my dick
i just wanted to tell ya about my very small herb garden, it did not do well this summer, as we have been in a drought. dry dry dry-that's been our summer. oh, and hot hot HOT!! the gardens and lawns have surely suffered. however, my fennel did survive, and earlier, served the red wasp population in our yard.
Aly loved the banner and she can't wait to hang it her newly decorated bedroom!
Andrea Messina (I'm An Egg)
The former deputy prime minister has vehemently denied the charge, saying that it was part of a ploy to destroy his political career.
So far, I'm really enjoying the traditional process. I was pretty transparent about my experiences with self-publishing, and I have no reason to not do the same with traditional process.
Is it kind is something that we covered already and that one of the most important things we can do is share the truth in a loving way. We need to make sure we are saying the kindest possible things to and about people. Kindness does not make a mess of anything but is a wonderful sweet treat.
There's a crack up in the ceiling,
This morning I had to drop my daughter off at the community college for play practice. I drove in the parking garage and there was a group of 4 men standing at the entrance. My daughter looked at me and told me to keep driving and find another entrance. I pulled in the nearest space because I was late for work and in a hurry. We got out of our car and one man walked away from the group. The remaining men stood at the entrance talking. We walked through the exit and went to the theater.
50g feta cheese
My foster daughter tells me that while she was pregnant, she felt the weight of people’s judgmental stares. Accountability is most effective when done in LOVE! All of us need grace, accountability and love. Again, this is why I urge you to be transparent and glorify the God who loves you and has forgiven your sins too! Embrace the teen mothers who are doing their best, encourage truth, and spare no detail. For a girl who goes through an abortion, the details WILL NEVER spare her.
Hello everyone...hope you had a wonderful weekend.
Since 3.0 I have been kicking around different ways to solve the damage on big creatures without making the game a tracking nightmare... I tried saving throws, armor deduction and wound counters as get out of jail free cards. Nothing really felt right.
I love this recipe, I used 5 large bananas that had been in my freezer for a month. It is a very dense bread (weighs a TON) that accepts adaptations very well. I often make it in the bundt pan because it's pretty that way and I have added various spices to it as well as chocolate chips on occasion. It has a very rich, banana flavor that also toasts very well.
You will need your finished molds.
Transfer paper
It's been a crammed month with various things going on 'behind the scenes'- this is when we hope to really get on track with our plans to move, job transfers and expanding my little business. It's all a bit nail biting. I wish things were settled, I really do.
Almost a year ago, Matt bought a whole bunch of "Little Critter" books off of ebay. The girls love these books, and read them over and over. They practically memorized the books.
Isn't it just lovely? She sais she's happy for me to share the picture of her lampshade, but there's no pattern, as she made it up as she went along, the clever thing. It does look like the perfect way to use up leftover yarn. But here's the thing: I have no yarn in the colours I'd like to use. So I have a Cunning Plan. I'm going to buy some yarn to make a knitted cushion cover in those colours, and then after I've made that, I'll have some leftover yarn! So effectively, I'm going to go out to buy myself some leftover yarn. Does that work for you? ;)
Here are the fabrics I picked for some of the inside of my camper. The grey is for the futon cover (which will be used as a mattress to replace the old foam one) as well as the side cushions for the bench seating. The other fabrics are for accent pillows – and I’m still deciding what to use for curtains. That floral, maybe, or an orange check? The little black and white floor is in place and the walls are painted an aqua color. I’m trying to incorporate the white and orange (not my favorite color) with aqua (which is my favorite color) with some other retro-themed splashes of color. I definitely don’t want it to look camper-ish with a brown and beige outdoorsy interior!
Woot!
this respect.” -Cicero
After a heavy downpour the wetlands mangrove reserve cooled down considerably and a light mist descended. This solitary heron was seen taking a very slow stroll in the shallow open water and the whole atmosphere was just serene.
Young or old, we all love ice cream.
'safe return', a middle - grade novel named after a swedish mitten pattern, is one of my absolute, hands-down, all -time favorite children's books. a beautiful and moving tale, 'safe return' takes place in the stark setting of sweden's gotland island. the main character, ursula, an orphan from the mainland, is being raised there by her aunt and uncle. her outsider feeling is reinforced by her inability to knit, a skill acquired early by the other children in visby, their fishing and farming village.
So since we got engaged in April nothing has really set in for us. Yea, we talk about our wedding all the time but it's always in a "whatever" tone. Nothing has been serious and we are just so nonchalant about it. Well that all changed Sunday.
I never met Mike Joyal, but he was a frequent reader and commenter on this blog and our careers were very similar. We both graduated from the United States Air Force Academy (me seven years earlier than he), we both flew C-141s, and we both flew for Vice Presidents in Air Force 2 (he flew the B-757s). You can read more about his life in this Idaho obituary. I will miss his discernment and dedication to our alma mater.
* Elia Kazan, director of ON THE WATERFRONT and STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE: Turned over his friends and colleagues to the House Unamerican Activities committee. ("But he only named names that they already knew!")
It was a night full of joy, expectation, some tears and great hope as The Falls Church Anglican bid a fond farewell to their church home and looked forward to the great adventure ahead. The night began with a time of rousing worship followed by words of encouragement from the pastors of all the church plants from The Falls Church. A glorious evening of thanksgiving and praise filled with the expectancy and hope the comes from their faith in Christ for the next steps on their journey of ministry and mission. May God bless them!
I don't normally review self-published books simply because I don't have the time to alongside the books sent to me by all the big publishers. However, after I read Nicola May's last book Working It Out and really enjoying it, when Nicola offered me the chance to review her next book Star Fish I decided to take her up on it. I have to confess I adore the cover, the bright blue is really eye-catching and stunning, and to me it certainly doesn't look like a self-published novel, it's great. The premise of Star Fish, a dating agency based on star signs was interesting and although I don't follow astrology that much, I thought it was a fun concept and I was looking forward to seeing how May would tackle this!
Of course as soon as the hard part was over I caught my best thermal of the day. I got back up high over launch and extended my flight a bit before heading out to land and pick up my buddies. Today was a sweet surprise and a great enabling for my addiction.
*continues writing*
God tried direct contact with man under former administrations and then with the nation Israel He used His spokesmen, the prophets. These all failing, He sent His only begotten Son who ministered with Israel for three years. They, as a nation still rejected the Word of God in these very personal ways. What makes anyone today think that he would be prone to heed the voice of the Lord if verbally spoken?
I will NEVER pick up!
Meanwhile D’Von is likely to testify most of TNA’s best talent starting with someone very close to home. Make sure you watch, it will be a match not to be missed.
After months surfing the web, drooling over high-dollar composite kayaks that were clearly out of my budget, I thought I was safe.
1 large carrot, peeled and sliced
"Two Wolves"
4 – 5 PM – MRTS services suspended
-= Instructions =-
There have been a number of times in the past when this subject was of great interest. In fact, you can even call them “apocalyptic” times. The Apostles themselves felt that their times were very apocalyptic. (Later I will present some of the statements they made in the Scriptures which show that they really expected the end of all things to be very close.) At various other times – for example, in the West, around the year 1000 – there was a great expectation of the end. In Russia near the end of the 15th century, again there was a period when the end was expected shortly. This was because the year 1492, according to the chronology of the Old Testament, was the year 7000 from the creation of the world. And many people in our own times have this same feeling that time is running out, that something big is going to happen. Often this is bound up with the number 2,000. That is, we have come to the end of two millennia of Christianity; a millennium is thought of as a big thing, a whole thousand years, and two of them means some great crisis must be approaching; and many people place this in the terms of the end of the world. Of course, that does not necessarily mean anything, since we don’t know the day, or the hour, or the year when the world is going to end (Matt. 24:36). I will try, however, to go into what our attitude should be toward this expectation of the end.
Our farm is small but the success of our business depends on our ability to produce the food we want… when we need it. This is rewarding but often hot, dirty and heavy work.
Now I have a job for you to do while waiting.
The burgers are made with ground sirloin, which is a bit more lean than the meat I usually choose but they still turned out really juicy. The recipe includes a trick I've seen a few times when making meatballs - the inclusion of a paste made from bread and milk, which helps to retain moisture, and it works nicely here. I won't lie - when I was forming these burgers it seemed like there were a ton of the chopped poblano chiles in each patty, and I definitely got nervous. Shane took one for the team, trying the burgers before me and reporting back on the heat level. For him, these were pretty mild (though he did skip the chipotle cream). As for me, I thought they walked that fine line of being spicy, but not so hot I couldn't enjoy the flavor. I loved the chipotle cream; even though the chipotles added some heat, the cool creaminess really complemented the burgers. I'm psyched to have another burger (and a relatively healthy one at that!) to add to our rotation this summer!
I also have: An Asshole Closet of Shame, An Asshole Cupboard of Shame and even an entire Asshole ROOM of Shame.
The next issue raised was in relation to reports by migrant workers to Tenaganita that they are verbally and physically threatened, assaulted and extorted by enforcement officers, including RELA personnel, when they fail to produce their identity documents, which are typically held by their employers.
DVD15 The Coil Reconstruction Set #1
1 hypnotize
TH: You mean your pictures?
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease bottom only of 9x5-inch loaf pan with cooking spray.
How come they never admit to being on a learnng curve when they talk about the most obtuse issues about which no one knows too much. How certain they are in deciphering the mind of God.
After speaking with a few ladies and visiting around, we were pleased to find a nice lady named Mrs. Megan who teaches English Riding. Mrs. Megan also helps children do horse shows. The Little Lady was thrilled with this idea and with switching. The boys who just like to do anything fun was perfectly fine with the change as well.
God Bless America!!!!!
1 cup cake flour, sifted
Experienced Private/Field Investigators Needed for immediate Part/Time Position with a Licensed, Bonded & Insured Private Investigative Company.
from Donaldson’s Dairy,
Then I remembered an idea that I had come up with during the middle of the summer, malt cider! Now, it wasn't a new idea at all, in fact I've already attempted this before. Unfortunately the results were middling at best, but I didn't really put the same level of effort into that beer. I used DME and only did a half-hearted steeping of the crystal malt. I also used an ale yeast, something that Ive began to shy away from in many beers recently but that's another topic altogether.
Nor does Obama’s record in the Middle East more broadly reassure Israelis. Perhaps the worst moment of his presidency was turning his back on the Iranian anti-government demonstrators in 2009, who chanted “Obama, are you with us or with the regime?” Obama’s silence was a historic missed opportunity. So is his current inaction on Syria, Iran’s most important ally. There appears to be no strategic coherence in his Middle East policy. Why, for example, help bring down Qaddafi, as odious as he was, after he had abandoned his nuclear program and his support of terrorism—while allowing Assad a free hand?
Lanna was first to begin scrambling down, finding that the metal ladder was damaged but still intact, and by which she made her way to the dark and smoky bottom. Hermel reached into his pocket. He felt the heavy round stone he’d been carrying for eight days since the beginning of his adventure. He made a prayer that his luck would hold, and pulling it out noticed that it was most certainly transformed from what it had been. The last time he looked it seemed only an ordinary looking green-hued rough little stone, but now it had taken on the appearance of a finely sculptured green jade dragon. He was amazed. Putting the Dragon Stone back in his pocket he made his way down the ladder to the bottom. Everyone else followed, and so they collected themselves at the base of the shaft, and looked down the tunnel.
Security experts are working on a new method of cyber-defence which relies on slowing down internet traffic.
Above is a picture of my kitchen. I took this a while ago, but the only change is that there is so much more stuff on my counter now. There's a large amount of counter space, but the kitchen isn't too big. I hate the color, but it's my landlord's choice. Also, the lighting is wonky. Great in the summer all day, but it goes super fast in the fall/winter. I'm talking about tragically dark by noon because of the angle of the sun as it relates to my windows.
I hope you enjoy my Under the Sea theme...
7C. Religion, Church and Pastoral Landscapes – TEL 217
The 82-year-old former first lady even chairs the House committee on millennium development goals, which concerns itself with achieving anti-poverty and women development targets set by the United Nations.
As a matter of fact, the day proved so wonderful, that Charlie currently rests between a blanket- think burrito style- with a pillow acting as a maraschino cherry.
1 Untitled
04 Something In This City Changes Peoples 4:33
the targeted
I shall stay forever for….. My God holds the key.
Ireland can still keep up with its payments which is why the denials have some credibility in them but they only have the money to last until next year.
They are not for making new shirts, rugs, or washcloths…who really wants to wash a table with your old pit stains? Old t-shirts are not for making beach bags, it does not look good. WHne your t-shirt is too nasty to wear normally, cutting it up does not suddenly make it acceptable attire…
Neutral Milk Hotel - In The Aeroplane Over The Sea - 1998
Of course religious people have been doing something similar for centuries. But they have their own version, especially in the Catholic church, where they scoot along to a priest and confess their ‘sins’ and misdemeanors and get forgiven, provided they say some hefty prayers to God. And you have to agree, there is something in that. They sit there and own the responsibility for their actions and admit they made mistakes. Someone listens to them and gives them a way to ‘make good’, and God is all forgiving again. So they come out feeling a sense of relief that others will never experience.
Makes about 2 cups
So I'm throwing my hat in the ring and announcing my candidacy for President of the United States. The 2012 elections are coming up and I'll need to start campaigning soon.
I would call that a successful crafting day.
Here are some of my faves:
To go helmetless, riders must be at least 21. They must have been licensed to operate a motorcycle for at least two years or have passed a safety course. Motorcyclists would need some additional insurance — at least $20,000 of first party medical benefits coverage — in case they are involved in an accident.
And it is not recommended to conduct these with kids, because you have to take note of a lot of details and kids are not conducive to detail noting.
After that, I took TM down to the football game (Texas vs. Texas A&M, a historic rivalry, for those not in the know of such things. It's really just a symbolic rivalry this year, as A&M is just not the powerhouse that it has been in prior years. The score is currently 42-9. I'm sorry, Dave. Missouri fans feel your pain.) while the girls and I went over to Mick and Adam's annual Thanksgiving fried-turkey, bocce, cranberry margaritas, and poker party.
6. Get professional results.
of the island city of our vacation.
4. Have a blanket and 2 scarves on the needles that I’m making up for craft fairs.
There was a TV show called In at the Deep End in which the presenters had to perform a new, unusual task each week, and one time the task was to play a movie villain. So he went to speak to Oliver Reed. Which was very interesting, because Ollie was sober, which wasn’t his usual style for interviews. And he was in tutelary mode, which was also a surprise — rarely can you find Ollie talking about his craft. Outside of this conversation, I can only recall one quote where he talked about the importance of growing real facial hair, “because it moves with your face,” rather than having a fake bushel spirit-gummed onto the old chin.
Ronald Paul Bucca, 47, Tuckahoe, N.Y.
Paper Solvy™ can even be run through a copy machine, ink jet or bubble jet printer avoiding all the tracing steps! It does use a lot of water to dissolve the paper, but what a great idea!
Many people try to engage me in their layer of ego and ignorance and I resent this very strongly and try to avoid discussions, especially when they try to teach me nonsense and misinterpretations. They pickup a mishmash of words and ideas based on appeal, and think they are knowers but they know not. They are unteachable for they do not know how to listen to words or nature. Their questions are poorly disguised lectures. They utter cliches and platitudes.
Reception: Villa Ragusa in Campbell, CA (Alison was amazing!)
I proceeded to attempt to persuade him to back me up, but Holmes spent his childhood playing hookey from school in the halls of the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art. That left him with a reverence for good museums. He didn’t want us to chance getting booted out of one for no good reason . . . I thought it was a good reason, but I deferred. Whenever the risk is getting 86ed or worse, everyone has to be on board.
“Look here, Minnie, you don’t know anything about it. Let me tell you about last week.”
Forgive me, it's been a long week.
Nora's soil, the water she drank, the air she inhaled, it was all polluted. And while she and I grew up with the same conditions, more or less, I had a higher tolerance, natural immunities against the environment that tried so hard to twist our growth to its own malign purpose. But not Nora. She was always susceptible. She was weak.
Pyramid Hefeweizen Ale smells of wheat and grain in the bottle and surprisingly of vinegar or pickles when poured. Presents a dark opaque orange color. The consistency seems a bit thick – I swirled the bottle to agitate the last bit of sediment and found that the sediment was indeed thick. (The label touts it as “refreshingly unfiltered” but the thickness seems to work against some of the beer’s refreshing qualities. Nevertheless, this one had a spicy but light taste that I preferred to the Sam Adams Hefeweizen that I tried more recently, but having said that, I'm not sure I'll seek this one out again.
I'm happy to bring you the combined full kits for Just Ducky, Friends and Love Chips. All of them are 35% off for the rest of the month with my entire shops sale. Here are the kits in their full kit glory and some new layouts showcasing them! Thanks ladies for the beautiful pages!
" Here she comes! "
Often i in fact embrace a short but relaxing ride with my motorbike and travel to some nice secluded area just outside of the city.
Wear your fandom on your sleeve like Joe Salcedo, founder & CEO: “We’re geeks, and we’re proud of it – and our mission is to make every day better for all geek-kind”.
The Predators will now take a nice hiatus while the rest of the league continues to knock one another out, but Nashville will ultimately face the winner of the Chicago/Phoenix game.
vamp 1:
We were on holiday.
The Killing (AMC) -
“She's here.” In the rear-view mirror, I saw my nightmares spill forth.
Wow. We’re already half way through the World Championships, and so far we’ve had a bit of everything. Some controversy; exciting competitions; and lots of young people stepping up! I know that the controversies are dominating most conversations – the Bolt & Robles DQ’s – but to me the most exciting thing to come out of the first few days has been the number of new/young champions that have been crowned.
A guilty heart that knows only of regret
Dear 2010,
I'd read some reviews of the beer. Some were not complimentary. Brother of Satan sampled it, and as someone who has just started his exploration of the Craft Beer scene, he thought it was quite nice. Now that I have a six-pack, and everyone deserves my opinion, here's my review:
If you would like to better your chances, you can leave comments on the blogs participating in this hop (including the Lily Pad). For each comment, you get your name entered again (but only one comment per blog).
So the following winners are:
While you read that you might think “I know all that” – but does you behaviour correspond with these demands? I mean really? 24/7? Do all of your workers, employees and even partners that get in contact with your clients understand and make that point? If not there are to ways of solving that spread. First fire the ones who are not willing to put your business in the first place. Second give the ones who want to the support they need. Means give them the understanding that you expect that they should have accross from your guests.
That life has for us on the wrack
The son went to his parent's Houtpoort farm just after 05:30 and found his 60-year-old mother tied up in the living room with multiple stab wounds. She was already dead.
Gain simple 99 Lives.
You can find the podcast HERE. Do check out the slideshow version for lots of cool screengrabs from the films we talk about. Or download the mp3 and listen to it on your iPod as you save the world from evil hooded villains.
10 Time
One half of one of the most delightful couples I have ever met (seriously, they just SHINE), after reading my Pleasures of Being Single post, wrote to me the following email:
Black Pudding ran a paw through his slicked hair.
I understand the sentiment. Too many LGBTQ youth have turned to a trusted adult to come out or express concerns and been strongly rejected and bashed. Kids being kicked out of their homes, being told they will go to hell, being disowned. I get it. I've had gay friends be very deeply hurt by the church where they thought they were loved. I've had gay friends get bashed with Christianity as the driving force behind the hatred. I was raised being taught that homosexuality was a sin, it was wrong, it was disgusting. That never made sense to me when I stopped and started to really think about God. I believe in a loving God. I believe that God has a plan for each of us. I believe that God created each of us in love. I believe that God doesn't make mistakes. I believe that God is the only judge. I believe that God's purpose for my life is to focus on love. I believe that God loves all people- no matter who they are, what they've done, what they look like or what they believe. I believe that God is bigger and mightier than anything I can comprehend and that I don't need to have all the answers but that the few answers I have are enough.
This song features some of the chimingest (is that a word) guitars I've ever heard Marr create. It's simply beautiful. Smiths authority Simon Goddard thinks this is the best recording of this track the band did, and I agree; the stereo version "unhides" some of Johnny's background chiming guitars to spectacular, beautiful effect that nearly all previous bootleg sources of this track completely obscured or hid behind walls of tape hiss. This version here? Can be released today, by Warners, lifted direct from this blog. It's *that* good of a transfer and mastering. All evidence (except for, err, a test pressing indicating otherwise) indicates this actual recording featured here was to be the Smiths' 2nd single, famously withdrawn at the last second once the band wrote "This Charming Man". See Extra Track for more details.
We’ve just opened up our rakeback web-blog to make it easier for all our customers them selves up to date – the content is still pretty thin, but we will add all our rakeback deals within the upcoming weeks, rest asure!
Dispatch sends me a call. The essentials boil down to a dispute over a parking stall in a large grocery store parking lot. 2 vehicles were coming from opposite directions and saw a vehicle begin to back out of the stall. Both the waiting vehicles put their turn signals on indicating they were waiting for the spot, so what it came to was which way the vehicle backed out, there in, blocking one from getting the spot.
9
Soon they’ll be ready for the outdoors.
However, at the same time that women remain underrepresented in computers, they are making strides in business. According to the Department of Education, women received 45.4 percent of master’s degrees in business in 2009, up from 39.8 percent in 1999 and 33.6 percent in 1989.
Talabi-Oni made a presentation
As we finish I want you to consider this: Seeking God is something you must do alone. Jacob’s wives or children couldn’t help him seek God’s presence. Laban and Esau were not able to spiritually help him. Jacob wrestled alone with God, and prevailed. He saw God face to face. You cannot wait for your spouse to go with you in your journey to God, it is a lonesome journey, and it’s a journey you take by yourself. As Abraham interceded alone for Sodom . . . as Moses interceded alone on Sinai . . . as Elijah alone stood against 450 prophets of Baal on Mt. Carmel . . . so you must seek God’s face alone. Are you willing to seek God and are you willing to hear what he has to say to you and change what he isays change?
But let's not let us forget that the President (regardless of his actual ability to affect legislation, or not) has also been a failure. It's a failure of a different kind, but Republicans are correct in one critique of the president - his failure of leadership. There's been a lot of hand-wringing by Republicans and Democrats, blaming the other side for the failure to pass legislation, by saying the other side is not willing to give in on anything. This would indicate to me that both sides are acting childish and obstinate. But the failure of the president has been to push congress to act, regardless of whether Democrats or Republicans are getting exactly what they want. The president has wanted to remain above the fray, but the problem is that he's been characterized as uninterested (whether fair or unfair, if people are seeing him seemingly uninvolved, it looks bad as a leader). The president needs to push the congress, house, senate, subcommittee, super committee...whatever, to get their act together and pass legislation.
Let me say I do not have a problem with his behavior here. As I said above, it makes sense after his ordeal. First Contact offers a rationale for his actions, excessively brutal though they may be, the later two films do not.
While this was all going on, I was in the process of starting up this years Gourmet Club. My board and I had already picked out our theme and we finally had our 'Welcome Coffee' where we signed up everyone who was interested in joining the club. Things went pretty smoothly and we were all anticipating the first luncheon!
But I didn't quite figure out how to do this and think of packing if someone buys the apartment this year.
Mr. Sampson indicates if Obama is shown not to be a citizen, he should be arrested and deported and until all records are released nobody can know for sure if he is or is not a U.S. Citizen.
Anyone who wants to browse or catch up, check out Phyllis's World Tour Page on the tab above or click HERE.
What is your favourite word?
Animal print cami tank, Arizona (JC Penney) - Goodwill
- Midvinterblot – one of the murals in the main hall of the central staircase in the Nationalmuseum was completed in 1915 and is actually a very controversial painting. The painting is based on a Norse mythology of the Swedish king Domalde who sacrificed himself in order to prevent a famine. Larsson considered the work to be one of his best. Critics thought the painting might have political undertones or lacked historical authenticity and therefore it wasn’t until 1997 that the painting was finally accepted and installed in the museum! (The photo above is of one of the murals in the National Museum in Stockholm, Sweden where you can see some of his paintings as well).
The postie brought me a nice surprise this morning, a cheque for a tenner from The Kevins. I'd resigned my membership, and they were nice enough to agree to refund me part of my subscription. Thus ends 12 years.
So, I have realised that emotional fuckwittage is as good a description for women who have no control over their emotions, as it is for the men described in Bridget Jones Diary. And at times a better description. The same women will most probably think that I am a traitor to women, women should stand together and all that. But they are just as good at being emotional fuckwittages to other women, and I cannot identify with that kind of woman. They are also usually the high maintenance kind, expecting their boyfriends to be romantic and buy them flowers, when they never do anything remotely romantic back. It's all take and no give with them.
I went to, with chickens, meet a man.
When they did shoot, it had little impact as the British by nightfall had the American rebels on their heels and in full retreat.
That is a man in the bra and thong, everyone else didn't bother to wear anything and there were more participants than just these three hunks!
And all that in the face of one of the most corrupt governments in modern times, or quite possibly ever, in terms of hard cash trousered for selling influence and favours. Not to mention selling off the NHS, in which many Tory and LibDem lords and MPs had vested interests, and the donations to the party by those who have bought into the NHS or who are waiting to do so.
However, what really had me going for this flick was its whole ensemble cast that is filled with just about every star from the early 90′s. Christian Slater is pretty good as Clarence, a guy that may seem a little strange but after awhile you start to believe and actually hope he comes out of all of this shit alive. Patricia Arquette is also a lot of fun to watch as Alabama, and you can totally feel like this one girl could actually fall in love with this type of dude. Their romance is something you actually care about because we spend enough time to see them together, and to see them be happy with one another so that when they go on this road trip and their lives are in danger, we care not only about them but their relationship as well. Sounds pretty sappy, I know, but it’s something that surprisingly worked here.
13. United States of America: "are," not "is"
And that ‘Holy Form’…sucks. Gives “angels” a bad name. Damn enemy.
Chronic Fear picks up one year after the Monkey House drug trials, and some of the survivors are still alive, even after the drug experiments changed their lives forever. They are plagued by nightmarish dreams and emotional instability, making them subject to bouts of rage and paranoia. Enter Dr. Morgan, who has been dealing with these issues firsthand. But as she digs into the truth behind the drug trials, she uncovers a sinister government conspiracy for a Senator to use the drug for his own ends. It's up to Dr. Morgan to outwit the senator, but can she do it before the survivors lose their sanity?
I can be in a different state (maybe even 3 different states). Yesterday we needed a "family day", just us- no sporting events, no practices, no homework....just a day for some fun and adventure! We left the cul-de-sac bright and early Saturday morning and traveled a very scenic route to the lovely state of Delaware. The area that we visited is known as the Brandywine Valley and it is full of my kind of eye candy! Quaint little towns full of 17th, 18th and 19th- century flavor. The sun was shining and other than the 60mph wind gusts it was a lovely day!
I am biased because Rev is filmed all over where I live but I think it would make me chuckle if I lived in Alaska just as well- though perhaps not the bits about bike etiquette on London roads or the dirty cornershops that are more expensive than Fortnum's.
I knew Freaks by reputation only. Cheap VHS copies had been floating around the comic book convention circuit for as long ass I had been frequenting them, but I never saw anything more than box cover art. We are talking about a time period in which I was in late elementary to junior high age, a period in which I was particularly sensitive about my disabilities and the reaction of other people to them. I was not emotionally ready fo see this sort of thing.
He just solved the challenge in his theme.
All in all, a surprising morning ride for me. I didn’t think I would have the speed in my after a quick ride last evening.
11 - Fall Of The Peacemakers 12:17
And finally……General laborer for a temporary construction agency is an unpromising career choice.
Most people would give up and call the front desk; not me. I begin to wonder what objects in the room might make suitable substitutions for a plunger. My eyes quickly dart around the room; the lamp, the bar tray, a power cord? Nothing seems to fit and then I open the closet door and experience an epiphany, the little wooden rod on the hanger that holds pants, perfect!
Oh, and I also went bra shopping with my mother and sister, an errand that takes me about 20 minutes tops, and my sister over an hour... Oh well.
Anchor Steam derives its unusual name from the 19th century when "steam" seems to have been a nickname for beer brewed on the West Coast of America under primitive conditions and without ice. The brewing methods of those days are a mystery and, although there are many theories, no one can say with certainty why the word "steam" came to be associated with beer. For many decades Anchor alone has used this quaint name for its unique beer. In modern times, "Steam" has become a trademark of Anchor Brewing.
In addition to 'Seraphine' which I watched last night and loved, I have watched 'Enid' today-about Enid Blyton. Quite depressing really-if the film is accurate then she was a person who had a sad childhood which seemed to damage her and make her almost retreat into her world of stories, needing the affirmation of her child fans or 'friends' as she called them, and not be able to be as loving as she could be to her own children. I enjoyed it though-mainly because of Helena Bonham-Carter who I really like. Now I am watching 'Pride and Prejudice'-the Kiera Knightley one as opposed to the BBC one. It is good but the BBC version created the characters so perfectly, that they are forever etched in my mind, and the people in this film are like imposters. Though the actor playing Mr Collins is just as funny as the actor in the other version. Judy Dench is also very good.
Magic: The trappings could be just about anything...telepathic contact, a floating mouth appearing on a wall, a messenger imp that appears before the subject, etc.
www.insomniahotel.wordpress.com
I hate shopping. For a lot of reasons, but the biggest one is: there literally isn't anywhere to go. Where I live, in the San Franciso Bay Area, my options are: Macy's small plus size section, Nordstrom's small plus size section, Kohl's, Target, and Lane Bryant. There are a few plus size boutiques around. While there are a number of stores in my area that carry plus sizes or the higher end of straight sizes (18/20), including Old Navy, Gap, Ann Taylor, Ann Taylor Loft, Eddie Bauer, Talbot's, and more -- they don't carry them in the store.
Not so distinctive after all, then.
5. Put the broccoli mixture down the center of the dough, leaving about 1.5 inches on the sides. Cut the dough on the sides at about 3/4 inch intervals. Don’t cut all the way to the filling.
What are your thoughts on this latest collection? Is it repelling or enticing?
Its like the universe was callin' me home.....
I'm paraphrasing the stuff below from Daph's blog, because she puts it better than I could.
Such Mozartian fantasy prods at the grey matter (or what's left of it) and leaves you marvelling at how much there is to learn of this other world - so distant yet, in its imagery, also so close, for it's clear that neither owls nor people have changed all that much since 1500BC.
And I wish it had been shipped two thousand miles just the way he left it.
Baked sunflower seeds
24 And Joram slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead.
I just want to die,
Ok, now I talk to my friend and he says, “No way! They keep those records offsite, in the archives. They’re yanking your chain.” “Yea, I know where they keep them,” I said. “In that room with the second set of books! With Tony and a bunch of dark shady characters smoking cigars and a stack of cash!” He starts cracking up as he says, “Yea, and he saying, “Hey, I got another one for ya!”
explodes with sudden laughter
Black sable eyeshadow brush - which is NOT like the 239 like all the reviews say...
You guys totally crack me up! Cobwebs somehow knew that I'd been eyeballing Dave Lowe's evil plants, which I frankly should have mentioned before. Here is the version I did last fall:
The Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope orbits planet Earth every 95 minutes – and is built to watch high-energy objects such as the Vela pulsar.
The youth fled when Mrs Mackay screamed.
I was on a roll, my voice no longer quiet and uncertain, but booming and confident and DETERMINED that the bullying should stop.
Some of the pieces here are from the Wakefield Art Collection, but many are on loan from the Tate, the Arts Council and private lenders. Having, not one but, TWO Francis Bacons in one room is mega for THW – and alongside Lucian Freud no less!
We're on our way
But todays post is dedicated to things I would have been more than happy to get on Valentine's Day as just a little, non-traditional 'I love you' gift.
the seraph of the bleak edge,
There’s just one problem. The guy’s wearing red hearts over his head and Stasi has the same red hearts over hers. Cupid’s way of letting them know they were meant to be together.
She owned a number of Collies, and a succession of them (Sharp, Noble, and Roy--that's Sharp at left) became her close companions after her beloved Prince Albert died. However, these were not the Collies one usually sees today. They were the earlier, farm-type dog. Some of the sources describe them as Border Collies, but even today’s Border Collies are more refined looking than Victoria’s pets.
Now, if only every weekend was a 3 day weekend, then I’d really be spoiled! Either way, I’m enjoying what I get – and I hope you are too. Happy weekend!
What his peers said:
In Broadcomm Corp. v. Qualcomm Inc. (Sept. 4, 2007), The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third circuit held "that (1) in a consensus-oriented private standardsetting environment, (2) a patent holder’s intentionally false promise to license essential proprietary technology on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (“FRAND”) terms, (3) coupled with a standards-determining organization's ("SDO's") reliance on that promise when including the technology in a standard, and (4) the patent holder’s subsequent breach of that promise, is actionable anticompetitive conduct."
The punk wave, that hit the Nordic countries in 1978-80, was simultaneously a revolt against the existing rock scene and an extension of it. Punks mocked the localised rock scene as ‘bold pop’ at the same time as they exploited its achievements, such as the adaptation of the native language to rock music and the networking experience. Everywhere the punks attacked 'the politically correct pedagogues' of the alternative scene and their 'toothless sing-a-long' music. At the same time they used and learned from the grassroots organisation, e.g. building their own alternative labels and recording in the studios of the old movement, and some of the more dangerous figures of the alternative scene were hailed as 'the honourable past'.
The other day Ced asked me why are you always in strange situations?? How do you do it? I think he kinda envies me (lol) because always strange things happen to me.
The exercise immediately gave me pause. I had certainly heard about the mining disaster, noted it in passing, and gone on with my life. It didn’t seem to be a story that was elaborated on by many of the larger media outlets. The most significant thing that I remember about it is that, miraculously, the casualties were few to none. I had lived my happy life in relative indifference to the situation.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Uncover the dish and bake 45 to 50 minutes. You can cover the casserole with foil if the top browns before the eggs are cooked.
That brings me to the plot. This plot was insanely creative, and just insane! I can imagine my face as I read this: my eyeballs bugging out of my head, a face filled with horror and disbelief. Rex's actions were
There are more German’s coming at us than I can count. They look like apparitions with bayonets. I’m shooting, and all down the line machine guns are chattering and men are falling. The water in the bottom of the trench is turning red with blood. There are bodies everywhere and wounded men are falling.
Kicking off with a lovely little feature on elleuk.com.
Said PHNDC Chair Danae Oratowski, “We are grateful for the efforts of our Council Member Letitia James and her colleagues in the City Council in acting quickly to preserve our historic neighborhood.”
Dark amber color, thin reddish-white head. Noseis very hoppy with caramel trying to come out. Nice hop malt balance. Nottoostrong at all, great for multiples. Nice caramel malt and a little to sweet. St. Actually nice crisp finish. Head has some lace. For some reason get a little wateriness somewhere in the middle of the palate. I like the cookie feeling as well. Good beer at three and a half stars...
There is still room in REGINA May 25th and 26th. This is the first time I am coming to Sask. I don't come to this area often so make sure you take the opportunity to sign up! HERE is the link for the certification applications.
I've got a few projects planned for this room, like drapes and painting the rest of the chairs, and I may have to try Jenny's Ombre Paint Treatment on the basket, too.
I am so pumped by this anniversary! Nicole has a great challenge for us. I think she made it just for us girls while we watch the BORING Super Bowl and the half-time show. I dont know about you, but I am NOT impressed with Madonna's show. Pom Poms.....really....you are 50 something!
Dr. Hall agreed that Olivia had some indicators of cerebral palsy in addition to arthrogryposis. She said some AMC children do respond to botox, but that, added with her clonus and cognitive disabilities, meant she did fit the description of CP in some ways. She reminded us that CP and AMC are both descrptions, and minus those with amyoplasia, there are many, many causes of AMC.
The Mightest Arm
On the other hand, Dhoni unlike Dada is a cool and a calm captain. Dhoni got the opportunity to lead the team in the year of 2007, after the Indian Cricket Team faced humiliation at the World Cup. It was Dhoni who helped the team, that Dada built to glue together and produce results. It was under Dhoni’s captaincy we won the World Cup after 28 years and we also won the first t20 world cup. Dhoni even took the Indian cricket team to the top of the test rankings for the first time, but we could not hold that spot for long for the 8 consecutive test match loses we had to face.
I will tell of all Your marvelous works.
Okay on to the post.
I still get that comparison in a lot of places I go. At my nearest local grocery store, I’m such a familiar face there that one of the employees there started greeting me by the name “Kenny Rogers.”
Recently we watched the, “Smurf,” movie and it was cute in a really annoying way. A little too much violence for the boy, but not bad over all. Usually I don’t mind adult humor in movies, because my I don’t really think it’s funny, so I don’t laugh and the kids totally miss it, and their dad is always laughing at stuff I think is totally stupid, so they can’t tell what he is laughing at in movies. Because usually when I explain in real life why Daddy is laughing they say, “Really, that’s it?” So in this one part of that movie Smurfette says, “I kissed a smurf and I liked it.” (as if that is even possible for Smurfette because there are no other girl smurfs). So this is the ONE thing my two big girls took from the movie and chose to repeat over and over even though I am certain they have never heard that song. (I am a really protective mom. I home school them. I drag them in off the front lawn when unacceptable music is playing. I focus on positive music when there is music playing anywhere we happen to be. I just want them to get as many positive messages as possible because growing up is hard enough without bleck entering your head.) So tiring of hearing this repeated over and over and knowing where it came from I said, “I kicked a smurf and I liked it.” So now whenever someone is irritating everyone else one of the other kids will look at them and say, “I kicked a smurf and I liked it.”
Thanks For all your best wishes!!!
The problem is this: we need to teach students to live with ambiguity, but teachers fear the ambiguity that results from relinquishing control. It means that some of the best practices that we have for the current model of education need to be reworked and rethought for a model in which the student is truly in the driver seat.
The popular event will once again showcase the artistic flare of Junior Kindergarten to Grade 8 students, as all kinds of artwork will grace the Brock Room at the New Street Education Centre, located at 3250 New St. in Burlington. The mediums include paintings, clay and paper sculptures, paper maché, crayons, pastels, ink, fabric, 2D and 3D pieces. The exhibit pieces are selected by the classroom and art teachers to highlight art curriculum expectations.
After three years in San Diego, these boys missed snow. And remember, Dallen is only 3. He's never done snow. They immediately bundled up and headed outside for several hours of snow playing in the 1 inch of snow on the ground. My favorite part was when I looked outside and Dal was sitting there eating snow...in a pile of bark and dirt. Yum.
Why, America, why? You can almost get away with arguing that Burger King tastes better than over-rated, high-end Italian restaurants, but your enjoyment of American cheese is a dead give-away that you have no palette. You so clearly enjoy eating plastic on fake beef. I’m not being elitist– you’re just far-gone. Admit it!
Thanks for stopping by today. Sorry it was a super quick post today. Lots going on here. I'm the Our Craft Lounge blogger today. Head on over to check out some Easter inspiration.
Hello there, how are you all? I thought it was time to update you all with another post since I have been having some quiet time since Jake left us. Thank you to everybody who left me a heartfelt comment about him as it was lovely to hear from you all. Tess the Jack Russell is starting to liven up a bit with all the spoiling we have been doing as she seems lonely without him which is understandable.
- Fitness Music
JP was in and out of the hospital, but still was able to live on his own, very close to the family, but still independent. Finally, it all caught up, and he wound up in Lankenau with many different things adding up to big things, including pneumonia and being HIV-positive. He spent months at Lankenau. One day, we were a few minutes delayed , and he passed away just before we walked into his hospital room.
by John Plummer
A local anesthetic is injected. The cardiologist then inserts a catheter into a blood vessel and guides it into the heart. Coronary angiography is performed in a cardiac catheterization laboratory and takes from 30 minutes to two hours.
I spent countless hours during pregnancy researching the options, familiarizing myself with the various kinds of cloth diapers, and calculating the cost. I thought I'd compile my findings here, with the hope that it will be helpful!
There are few things in life that leave me realizing how fat I still am than dress shopping. In fact, it might prove to be a good strategy to make myself go try on dresses anytime I lose workout motivation. There is great danger that it could backfire and I could go into an emotional tailspin where I come out on the other end of a dark eating binge... but there is also a good chance that realizing how shaky and jiggly and large everything is will encourage me to get myself to the gym.
3/5 stars
What? Whitney is dead and Bobby Brown is still alive?! God, you make some interesting choices. And by interesting, I mean wrong. And tell that Bobbi Kristina to fix the gap in her teeth. She looks too much like him.
Two things determine whether to use the serial comma.
HP
Anyway, my desire to master this field (is that the right word?) didn't die. I found a web site. I'm pretty sure it was M.A.I.L. that sent me there actually. It has all sorts of supplies and kits and books and information. I highly recommend the instructions. The way they're written is like being in a class. I have finally purchased five. The first two I've completed are below. The next three will follow quite soon I think. It is amazing how much easier it is to use a kit than it is to try to figure out the AR make your own rings and find the right metal and everything else. I feel a bit like a Chef following someone else's recipe but, how else will I learn? There's just not alot of creativity involved. However, now that I've got a few kits and am confident that I CAN make something that works I will try doing it all from "scratch" again I'm sure. I also think I'll soon start to experiment with my own weaves. Much like the people on M.A.I.L. have done. The website that I purchased everything from is The Blue Buddha Boutique. It's another great resource.
Luckily there are plenty of websites and blogs to help; this is just a few:
Right, that is that out of the way. Now to the really life changing stuff.
Add Jamsetta, sugar and butter, if using (it keeps the scum from forming). Bring to a boil for 10 minutes, removing any scum with a spoon. It should look like above.
There will be times when, despite your pictures of you hugging little kids, you just want to tackle one of them and scream, my name is NOT,
The claims will be aired tomorrow on Swedish TV station Sveriges Television’s (SVT).
This may sound ironic, but I try to move the author’s focus away from the book’s publication, the notion that your book’s release is the most important, life-defining moment of your career. Do you just want to write books or do you want to have influence and engage a much wider conversation that could outlive your book and yet always anchors back to it? I work with a majority of women’s interest writers, so I’m not asking authors to role play at politician, scientist or a hard news pundit, but do be brave enough to inspire controversy. A provocative opinion on a well-exposed site has the power to inform modern culture, thought, and maybe even language. A small, but not insignificant example: during our marketing campaign for the book Formerly Hot, which unexpectedly hit the extended bestseller’s list, The Times called “formerly hot” one of its trending terms for the year of 2010.
“Anders Sandberg, Future of Humanity Institute, University of Oxford, foresees the ability to record all of his conversations and then search through them to remember what was said when. He also predicts it will be possible to search through other people’s photographs on the Internet to find images of oneself when a bystander in someone else’s snapshots. It will even be possible to search through videos.”
"But Jeff," you say, "that is so short sighted. Kids don't know what they need, and in the absence of structure they'll be all over the place." Will they be all over the place? Yes, probably, at least for a while. Is that short-sighted? Absolutely not. The world is a changing place, a challenging place, and our children will face with perils and opportunities that are literally beyond our comprehension. They will need new ways of thinking, new ways or working, new ways of viewing the world and solving problems. Which person is more likely to be able to do that - the child who had few choices, rigid guidelines, and had their thoughts and actions controlled, or the child who was taught to define the world through their own eyes, in their own way and time, with the knowledge that there isn't really even a box to think outside of?
“The sustained decline in both prison and jail populations has produced no adverse effects on public safety,” stated Marc Mauer, Executive Director of The Sentencing Project. “We now have the opportunity to free up resources for public safety initiatives that do not depend on record rates of incarceration.”
" No."
Published 2012
The gimmick of House Of The Devil was brilliant enough. To make a film that didn’t merely harken back to the spirit of another era (the semi permeable borderline between late seventies and pre slasher early eighties horror; the film has much more in common with the paranoid, zoom friendly horror of Let’s Scare Jessica To Death
Every glitter is a sound below hearing
That was the catalyst for in the next verse they, with one voice shouted, “Away with such a fellow from the earth; for it is not fit that he should live.” They were passing judgment upon him. He had quoted the words of the Lord and they took it as blasphemy.
So, to further this idea - one of the first things you can do before you start writing any script is to start making notes of story ideas that appeal to you! Have a little notebook or a file folder for keeping these ideas - just toss them in and let them accumulate. Soon you will start finding stories everywhere!! This practice trains your brain to SEE the story in nearly anything.... and that's what you want.
From the moment Turner was drafted he was paired off as the backcourt of the future mate alongside Jrue Holiday. The Sixers floor general opened eyes last season and his play this preseason has kept the expectations high for the 21-year old leader of this team. Collins feels like his young point guard is ready to assert himself amongst the elite of his craft.
My method is to knead the dough in the mixer for about 3 minutes and turn out the dough and finish kneading by hand but you can knead the dough in a stand mixer for 4 to 5 minutes until a springy soft ball is formed.
If you know me, this isn’t really that much of a surprise considering that I follow stock car racing back home. For those of you that don’t, yes, I am a speed junkie. Admitting you watch Nascar automatically gives people incentive to tease you incessantly. I have heard many times, “but you do not seem like the stereotypical fan” ( which really means, that I do not adhere to the stereotypes of a beer chuggin’ redneck that many associate with the sport). Not only do I follow the sport, but I have also attended multiple races in Indianapolis and loved them every time. Kasey Kahne baby! Granted, Nascar and Formula One are alike as apples and oranges. However, the adrenaline rush, enthusiasm and camaraderie among race fans are nearly identical despite the differences in car models, mileage, speed, and track.
If you go anywhere tonight post-Artropolis, make sure to stop at 65GRAND for David Ingenthron, Light:Snacks. This will be the last event held in their current space before they relocate.
CHASUBLE. A cloak at first commonly worn by peasants ; afterwards adopted as an ecclesiastical vestment. The first writer that speaks of the casual, or chasuble, is St. Augustine, A.D. 354-430. He tells a story of a poor tailor at Hippo, a little before his own time, who lost his chasuble, and not having money to buy another, went to the Chapel of the Twenty Martyrs at Hippo and prayed that it might be restored to him on which the boys laughed at him for seeming to ask the Martyrs for 500 “folles,” which shows us what was about the price of a chasuble, as a large-sized fish could be bought for 300 “folles” (De Civ. Dei, xxii.). In his own time, he speaks of the chasuble as a common article of dress. “Will you go on,”he says, “with a bad chasuble or a bad boot? Then why with a bad soul?” (Serm. 107). It was at this time a cloak enveloping the whole person, like the manta still worn in Spain, with the addition of a hood that might be drawn over the head. Being the ordinary dress of the poor, it was worn by monks, and Bishop Fulgentius, about A.D. 500, strictly ordered that his monks chasubles should not be of a high price, or of a bright colour. Procopius, A.D. 530, speaks of the chasuble as being a cloak of a slave or of a common person, which a general, or a private soldier, would be ashamed of (De Bello Vindal. ii. 26). Archbishop Caesarius, A.D. 540, left to his successor, in his will, a long-napped chasuble, which he distinguishes from his church robes. Pope Gregory I., A.D. 600, presented three pieces of money and a chasuble, that is, a cloak, to a Persian abbot who saluted him in the streets of Rome. Boniface III., A.D. 606, sent to King Pepin a chasuble made partly of silk partly of goat s hair with a long nap, on which he says that he might wipe his feet dry a very singular use of a chasuble. Isidore of Seville, A.D. 620, in his De Originibus, describes the chasuble as a garment with a hood, and states that its name is a diminutive of casa, a house, because it covers the whole man like a little house (Lib. xix.). St. Boniface and a Council held at Ratisbon in 742, order presbyters and deacons not to wear the short military cloak, but the chasuble, as befitting the servants of God (Labbe, vi.).
Each week will stay the same from month to month; when there is a fifth week in a month, the last week will be an extra week to participate for challenge 4. Another exciting change is that the design team has been split into 2 groups. Group 1 will be creating projects for the first and third weeks, and group 2 will have the second and fourth. Here's the breakdown of the teams:
(Oh, the official Zorya Borzoi website is up and running, too! It's simple, and still incomplete but it's up and working, a work in progress. Zoryaborzoi dot com)
He has saved a ton of money since and between me and his nephew we have now convinced him to go back to his brothers home where he is tonight and will remain. His penance is thankfully over.
This laminated, anti-corrosion barrier material is puncture resistant, tear resistant, non-abrasive, non-toxic, and will not harm any non-metal surfaces. However, the most important features of the material are its VpCI impregnated sealant layer and its foil barrier layer.
but more importantly, ive realised, or maybe i knew all along, that if we're to continue long distance stuff the most important aspect for me is to be inspired by the places we traverse and by and large they mostly come in the form of bloody great hills or mountains
For her poem "Bright Light", Denita was awarded the 2000 Academy of American Poets Prize at Baylor University & was recognized as the 2000 First Place Winner of the The Virginia B. Beall Poetry Prize.
A year later the areas affected by the storm have made a remarkable recovery. The emotional and physical scars are still there, but they fade and pale in comparison to the spirit of the region.
That you're kind of tending to me cause I just hurt my foot. You give me some suggestions. I get lots of opportunities for cleaning, chances to go places, a lot of that stuff.
2 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley
Holiday Affair (1950) ... TCM ... 2:30 PM
Today the unicorn welcomes author Pauline Fisk, who tells us how she came to write her Smarties Prize winning novel MIDNIGHT BLUE, now relaunched just in time for Christmas as an e-book for Kindle... over to you, Pauline!
2 times
Good news was that the chokecherries, irresistible to butterflies, have started blooming up by Travertine Falls in Hondo – another visit is called for soon to see just what the chokecherries will attract.
Today VIVE is still going strong and has many fans and followers. They have been able to donate money to several different causes such as, Rachel’s Challenge, iEmpathize, His Voice Global, and others. On one shirt specifically designed for the effort they donated 100% of proceeds to tornado victims in Missouri. Browse their website and be sure to read their blog too. Like and Follow VIVE Oh, and for all you Cardinal fans, Matt Holiday has been seen wearing this which you can purchase on their site here:
There's no bullshit or pretentions with cummings - he is always tenderly honest, however ugly or uncomfortable the topic. Most amazingly, he makes everything his pen touches, absolutely beautiful. He sees things (and all such imperfections) in a different light, and writes about them so affectionately (without that superficial gloss and veneer) that they are revealed to be actually quite stunning... Maybe I'm being absolutely nonsensical right now, but cummings just has this profound effect on me.
For those of you who have never traveled to the west, or southwest, cattle guards are horizontal steel rails placed at fence openings, in dug-out places in the roads adjacent to highways (sometimes across highways), to prevent cattle from crossing over that area. For some reason the cattle will not step on the ‘guards’, probably because they fear getting their feet caught between the rails.
The book (which I didn’t know even existed) is Dental Management of the Medically Comprised Patient, Fifth Edition by James W. Little, Donald A. Falace, Craig S. Miller and Nelson L. Rhodus. You need to realize that as CKDers, WE are medically comprised patients. Don’t ever forget that.
Rick advises rolling the paste into parchment paper and refrigerating, so I stuffed the lot into a clean jar. It comes out occasionally to accompany cheese, to be spread on toast or to be used like a pickle alongside savoury dishes. I haven’t quite got round to making fig rolls yet, because a friend derailed the express train of ficusian zeal by bringing a dozen packets back from the UK very recently. However, figs seem to fruit for ages and another crop is teetering on the branches, about to be nabbed by hymenoptera. I’m on a roll, and could be about to make one.
So I figured...
Cambridge Chop House
Rainbow will shine through the rain
Now, here’s my confession: much as I would like to, I cannot point to any particular incident or set of circumstances in my life with Traci to which I attribute the principle of synchronicity in action. But this may in part stem from my incomplete understanding of the concept – or lack of imagination. If achieving one’s desires through clearly conceptualizing what one seeks and then, when you see the process unfolding, standing back and letting it happen, in other words “going with the flow,” can be considered synchronicity, then perhaps I did witness it in the beginning with Traci, after all. In June 2003, around the time Traci was just starting to settle in Owen Sound, and almost eight months before we met, I attended a workshop led by Jane Bell called “Manifesting Your Heart’s Desire.” Now I wish I could tell you that what I expressed in writing then about my ideal partner matched Traci to a T, but in fact it was substantially different, except for this part: “[I desire} a true life partnership that WOWs me all the time.” Well, that much at least came true!
Be Fashionable and Stylish
My trial attempt was in Flora 20 in my special trial colour of burgundy with fawn, as the fawn matched some tiny buttons that I had in my stash. A super set of earthy toned buttons.
At home, I’m the more regimented one with my sleep patterns and kinda stick to a sub-consicous schedule. It would be rare for me nap during the day. At night, Richie could fall into a deep sleep. I’m a light sleeper and when disturbed would spring up from the bed, alert and wondering if there’s something wrong. On the less regular occurances where I’m awoken gently, I tend to be very narky. It’s obvious who gets the brunt of my petulance.
So wherever the black hole spat my post I hope someone enjoys it and maybe I will see Belgium at some point soon
The Red Sox demolished the White Sox 10-3 with Kevin Youkilis hitting an opposite field grand slam. The score repeated the next game as the Sox took the game 10-3. The next game the bullpen shined and held a 1-0 lead in the win against the White Sox. Dressed in their new red uniforms, the White Sox beat the Red Sox 4-1 in a gem pitched by John Danks. On their first game back at Fenway, the Sox beat up the Oakland Athletics 11-6. Clay Buckholz became the first Red Sox pitcher to give up 5 earned runs in 5 starts in a row.
Last year, more than 1,300 citizens were served a traditional Thanksgiving dinner, complete with the fixin’s and dessert. This year, The Salvation Army expects more visitors for breakfast and will rely on an army of more than 200 volunteers to help bring the holidays to the homeless or lonely.
Here is the most of the pile that I ended up cleaning out of my pantry and fridge last night! It really does feel so good having a big clean out!
Can we end class war?
Dispatcher: Are you following him?
I usually find New Year's anticlimactic anyway, at least that is how I've felt the last few years. Maybe it is a sign that I am starting to accept what is and am not worrying so much about everything.
Bonus: If your editor asked you to throw out the most questionable results of the poll, which answers would you toss? (I’m not saying you should do this – but if you were asked to, what two or three answers do you think are most questionable?)
HEATHER KRISTIN recounts a gritty urban upbringing by a Christian fundamentalist mother.
If you have a trusted advisor you get a lot for the MER you pay. With the other options it is all on your shoulders. This post is going to point out some things investors need to know before jumping into the DIY pool.
"Even tonight, a Korean man offered to sell me an illegal teacher visa. If I were a criminal from the United States, I could have bought an illegal teacher visa," pointing out the need for the government to take more care in the hiring of foreign instructors.
Truly, I wanted to go and tell him that Patrick and I were going to get counseling for a while and then I would be back.
When reports like this one are released, how the results are framed affects the response people have to them. By presenting the results as indicating that Black and women-owned businesses grew faster than White and men-owned ones, the Census Bureau gave the impression that these businesses are doing well and no problems that require policy makers’ attention. By contrast, my look at the same numbers suggests that we still need to understand and fix lagging performance at Black and women-owned businesses.
As my Mother had said, without much kindness...
We bumped our suitcases down the endless concrete steps to the Metro and approached one of the many blue ticket machines, pressed "buy tickets," and "pay cash" and got out our Euros expectantly.
One good punch could level this building and send Pythagoras falling down with it. In about thirty seconds, I could turn this whole city block into a smoking crater. It’s nothing I would ever do, naturally, but those facts flash across my mind as he makes his request.
Young people have a completely distorted view and impression of pre-1994 SA, which is as it was intended to be. It has always been like this. Just as people are not aware of what is happening now, so too did they also not know what was happening during the time of the NP. Anyone calling an American a traitor and a sell-out is uninformed as to what went down in those days. SA was not sold out by America, SA was sold out by its own people. It is an absolute waste of time and effort trying to educate people on pre-1994 SA and even more so trying to change their ingrained perceptions of pre-1994 SA. Whatever their perceptions are is their business and if they want to learn the truth about it, they are at least 2000 books behind. There is no time for catching up, there is only time to address what is lying ahead.
Java 150gr sugar (palm sugar)
Given by Papa God, April 20,2012
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
There were about forty people dancing on the tile landing, crazily gesturing with their hands. We settled in for the long haul because this was better than anything we would be watching on tv. We had been taking turns looking through the peephole for about an hour when someone turned the music off, and our thumping hearts finally subsided. There, in the middle of the landing was the couple who rented the apartment across the way. They were about a foot apart from one another and their hands were flying wildly about, but still barely a sound came out of their mouths. The people around them were as mesmerized as we were, watching them signing to one another furiously. Finally the woman gave a strangled sounding cry, pounded her fist into her palm, and slapped her partner. My brother and I were in hysterics.
After all, to their thinking, UMNO-BN can always make a comeback. With a new and better image, reformed and cleansed into a new leaf, UMNO can better take on Pakatan in GE-14. This scenario played out in several other countries like Taiwan, Philippines, Uganda, Jamaica or even USSR where there was a regime change but without much bloodshed, unlike the Arab Spring.
Respect Each Other’s Privacy. Just because you’re in a relationship, doesn’t mean you have to share everything and constantly be together. Healthy relationships require space.
To no end
Easter, to me, seems far too dramatic for pastel shading. I could buy into sunshine, particularly the blaze of glory kind, but not gentle life. I have to admit that, little though I like it, when I think about the process of the holiday, even the yucky weather I’ve often experienced seems appropriate. The menacing clouds, the scoffing wind, the pervasive chill, the weeping of the rain – they all serve well to represent the trial and trying of Christ and His people. When the sun comes out, when it’s brilliant and full and so beautiful it hurts, when it bursts out to bless the flowers and green that are already present, it’s a great symbol of the vibrant, flourishing triumph that is Easter and Christ’s resurrection. He is risen! He is risen indeed!
"The Lord is faithful to all his promises and loving toward all he has made."
Thanks for stopping by and hope you have a fabulous and creative weekend.
Is heart disease caused by a lack of statin drugs?
Mist: Shimmerz Spritz (Purple Passion)
Do you see grey blobs at the intersections of the white lines?
Not that we have any immediate plans for moving, but I do like to take a look at apartment prices in the American cities we may end up. This way, I know when we do go, if I need to get just any job right away, or if I could take my time finding something in my field, and how much Ben would need to earn to make the move worthwhile (we'd probably only go if he could get a transfer, I am too chicken to just up and move sticks without something waiting when we get there!).
Asian Chicken and Broccoli
There is such a thing as permissive parenting. By definition, it is what I am going for. I have a warm relationship with my kids and I do not consider myself an authority. I give lots of permission, and I don't give orders. We have a happy and peaceful home. I wouldn't have it any other way.
I’m supposed to be on a teleseminar tonight that deals with procrastination. One of the gals I attended a bootcamp with earlier in the year was putting it on, it’s something I do all the time, so when I saw it in my inbox, I decided to sign up. Was covering which styles you use to procrastinate, what you really want to get in your life and easy strategies to achieve that feeling without procrastinating to get it. Sounds perfect right?
Herman is a friendship cake which you can’t buy, but you can give him away. He grows slowly but surely because of the yeast in him. It is usually 10 days before you can eat him.
“When I do a shoe, I don’t want to evoke comfort…saying that suffering to be beautiful, it doesn’t work. It doesn’t give you nice smiles, that’s a sure thing.”
“We wondered about using Stephen Hawking,” said Mike Ock, head of Marketing at M&S, “but although we had several meetings with him, he failed to grasp the idea. Whereas Lumley got it on the second attempt. So she was the obvious choice.
Despite thoroughly enjoying Take Me Home Tonight, I can’t say that it excels at anything, delivering a mostly forgettable experience and not managing to shine as an exercise in cinematic comedy. The story is relatively simple, taking an approach seen in many other teenage comedies. The dialogue impresses from time to time, but the script is underwhelming as a whole, introducing unnecessary subplots and creating rather uninspired situations. Surprisingly enough, though, there aren’t many failed attempts at humour to be had here, with most jokes and gag hitting the mark from start to finish, despite being quite restricted in number. The film also nails the 80s feel and style well enough, boasting a solid look and a good soundtrack. Topher Grace works well in the leading role, displaying a good sense of comedic timing while also proving to be suitable for the role of the underdog protagonist. Teresa Palmer is convincing as the love interesting, looking as stunning as ever and sharing a good amount of chemistry with co-star Grace. Anna Faris plays the straight role this time around, but her character isn’t given much to work with, unfortunately. Dan Fogler manages to stand out in a couple of scenes, but his character’s writing got a little too ridiculous at times. Demetri Martin delivered some scene-stealing moments in the small role that he had. Overall, I’d say Take Me Home Tonight is worth a shot for its distinct 80s atmosphere and a couple of good laughs, but don’t go in expecting more because it doesn’t do much in terms of advancing the genre.
Yes, I'm upset about this. It's bad enough that he never has time to visit. It's even worse that I rarely hear from him, even though he lives only about seven miles away. But to have to track his life through a social networking site?? I sacrificed so very much for him. Honestly, I'm only just now starting to live because of the sacrifices I made. But he can't even respect me enough to tell me in person that he's engaged? Or joining the Army? And to not even ask my availability for his engagement party? Come on already!!! These are extremely important events and milestones in his life!
I am Gyeorgos Ceres Hatonn, come in the One Light of Creator God. May your journey be forever unfolding in newness and with the joy of surprise. You are each deserving of Creator’s infinite and unconditional Love; learn to allow this KNOWING to enter your heart.
the blog ball is the only one still lying on the ground.
If 39 Steps is open, make sure you go and see the extremely talented Roo Waterhouse whose treatment of mundane household items and toys in her canvasses and photographs shows the hidden beauty in the everyday things we take for granted.
Also I started off with a joke because this at that time did not seem like a serious discussion to me. I myself am not religous nor am I an atheist but if I took the arguments from this “discussion” I would be more inclined to religion.
Hail to He Who Was Restored from Dismemberment–Rejoice! You are praised!
The unprecedented brutality by the police force requires the Prime Minister as well as the Home Minister to give an immediate and public apology to all ordinary Malaysians, especially the innocent journalists and Bersih participants who were wounded and traumatised by a police force gone beserk.
And it's the glazing, and the glazes that have killed them. The dark blue plate had rounded edges on the break, so it broke in the re-heating, not through over vigorous cooling. More even glaze thickness would help, but again, some of the glazes don't seem to have matured, and definitely don't match the descriptions in the catalogue.
The last and final example which I want to give you is that of Hakam Bin Hisham, who was from Andalusia. At that time, the Christians used to have bandits and they used to go out… This was around Andalusia, around Spain – around that region. At that time, the Christians used to go out like bandits and kidnap people. The Christians, at that time, captured one caravan. This caravan was carrying one Muslim sister, her mother and father, and two brothers. The infidels killed all of them, and they captured this one sister, 19 years old.
You can tell a lot about the car by reading the vehicle identification number (V.I.N). This number can usually be seen by looking trough the windshield where the dash meets the firewall and the bottom of the windshield, foward from the steering wheel. The number is mounted on a plate so that it can be easily viewed from the outside of the car. The number can also usually be found on a plate or sticker in one or more locations around the car, popular places being under the hood and on one of the door jambs visible when the door is open.
3- North Coast Brewing 2008 Old Stock
The Oracle (via the card) seems to want to specifically address the change having to do with changes in emotional happiness—or maybe that’s my own interpretation. Anyway…
Kids will be Kids, whatever happened to that meaning they might grab a neighbor’s hubcap, or tip a cow in a field, or spray-paint their name on a building? Is it no one's fault or is it all of our faults.
And then everyone started screaming and pointing at me and I was ashamed. I had been caught. Much of me jumped off then and fell to the red carpet. The beautiful people stared at me with disgust in their otherwise beautiful eyes. Photographers took pictures of me. Bruce Jenner loosed his trademark acidic tongue. "Crawl into the carpet and die, you fucking flour!"
Mud is gross to most adults. Mud will entertain little boys for hours. Go ahead and let them get dirty, nothing a shower and soap can’t clean up!
The window!
Pours a light amber color, more on the yellow grapefruit side than orange. Slight very white head with some loose lacing down the side. Sweet Fruity / grapefruit combo aroma. High on the ABV (7.1%) but not noticeable in flavor. There is a fairly good balance between the malt sweetness and the bitter hop flavors. One of the smoother American IPA's out there, when comparing it to GLBC Burning River (one of my all-time favorites), it really goes down quite easy.
All of this censorship, is just child’s play
Moreover, these various terrorist organizations are now being used in US-NATO covert military operations against sovereign countries (e.g. Libya and Syria). According to Israeli intelligence sources:
1. Follow me through google friend connect (3 entries)
Hi all,
For the flowers I used y13, y21, y34, yr000, yr00, yr02, and r000. For the dress I used bv00, bv02, bv04, bv11, bv12, bv20, bv25, and bv29, v91, and v93. For her hair I used e33, e37, e44, and e49, and for her skin I used e0000, e00, e01 and rv11.
The Cell Phone Coverage Map app did this quite well. Which turns out to be great if you wanted accurate results, not so great if you wanted people to download your app. Looking at the reviews of the app, people simply couldn’t accept that the slower speeds were real. One reviewer gave the app one star and wrote, “for whatever reason, when testing 3G speeds, results posted are between consistently 1/10 – 1/5 the actual speeds experienced.” Another one star review said, “This app reports low numbers all the time regardless of location.” A third bad review said this: “This app consistently reports speeds that are much, much lower than any other bandwidth testing app out there.” Finally, another one star reviewer wrote, “I did a speed test using this app and got 400kbps. I did a speed test with 3 other apps and got speeds of 2000 – 4000 kbps.” None of these reviews provide reasons as to why they think the slower speeds are incorrect – they just assume they are wrong. When faced with the possibility that the slower speeds are correct, many users refuse to believe it. Despite other testing apps showing higher speeds, based upon what we know about the current state of cellular networks, it is highly likely that the slower speeds reflected in the Rootmetrics app are much closer to reality.
I say all these guys are full of number two and are hoping for a movie or TV deal. I see how many of them offer seminars and courses for money, from O’Finiaon to Steven Greer to Richard Hoagland, hocking their books and DVDs and self-help material, and O’Finioan and his wife even offer a psychic service!
A love of vintage clothing is obviously the hook on which I hang my blog, and there is something amazingly confidence-boosting about finding a like-minded group of people who appreciate quirky and individual style. I suppose it's a way of finding your tribe, your gang, which is supportive and protective of you. After many years of feeling that I never look right somehow - not pretty enough, not thin enough, over/underdressed, not cool, blah blah blah - I have found that by completely eschewing current trends in fashion, I am released from all that worry and self-consciousness. It's counterintuitive, but by dressing in a way that undoubtedly attracts attention (oh the side-eye...), I am so much less concerned about that attention, or others' opinions.
The long-stemmed Solomon's seal (Polygonatum biflorum) above and below all came from a few divisions Mom and Dad brought over from their garden and planted here about fifteen years ago. They never fail to astonish with their rapid growth, easily bounding up or eight inches in a week, before arcing into their floral stage. They're just beginning to drop their white bell flowers into action, and I wish I could be here to watch.
Yesterday, at the beginning of class, my instructor mentioned me joining the student troupe!
I got super crazy busy after the election - and by "busy" I of course mean "drunk" - and then on Thursday I took off for Fayetteville, Arkansas for a long weekend with Trish, Mike, their six-year-old OB, and their brand new, two-month-old YB...AND, for a huge added bonus, Erin, who also flew her preggers self down from Philly.
ceremony will hold on Easter
Allergan Inc – Co. reported 1Q12 net profit at USD 229.8m vs. previous USD 158.3m. EPS at 74 cents per share vs. previous 51 cents per share. Excluding one-time costs EPS at 86 cents per share vs. estimated 87 cents per share. Revenue at USD 1.39b vs. estimated USD 1.38b vs. previous USD 1.27b. 2Q12 EPS forecast at USD 1.04 to USD 1.06 per share vs. estimated USD 1.08 per share. 2Q12 sales between USD 1.45b to USD 1.5b vs. estimated USD 1.51b. FY12 guidance at adj. EPS at USD 4.13 to USD 4.19 per share vs. estimated USD 4.19 per share. FY12 sales at USD 5.65b to USD 5.85b vs. estimated USD 5.86b. (LATimes)
I've done a quick rough sketch
After the ultrasound the Dr. shifted gears and said that this would be a totally different kind of pregnancy. Each Dr. appt. would last 2x as long, I now have to see her plus a multiple specialist, and I would have "double the fun" of morning sickness and exhaustion. Awesome. She also told me that I probably wont be able to work next year. There was a lot of information being thrown our way that we honestly never in thought about. We left the Dr. appointment and I burst into tears. We went to my mom's house to pick up Reagan and she saw me crying. She assumed that I had probably had a miscarriage and was shocked when we told her the news of twins. We couldn't think of anyone on my side of the family with twins. (Turns out we were able to trace someone far off down the family tree- but still.... pretty random!)
Jennifer continued:
Within minutes of setting up my account, thousands of people’s profiles were at my fingertips. It was, at the moment, so cool! I would rack my brain for all the names of the guys I’d had crushes on in high school, or old teachers, or anyone else I could think of.
I've blogged about thsi book before in my Bologna report and now I have a copy of my own, with an English translation.
Yep, this is exactly what I need. Another excuse to read. Recently LindzerWest shared a little Facebook convo she had with my hubby. In this message he so eloquently describes my relationship with the written word and my Nook:
I prepared 3 different colors of frosting and 4 different kinds of sprinkles. You don’t need much sprinkles and I recommend putting each kind of sprinkles in a bowl with a spoon since otherwise kids would put too much on their cupcakes.
but too expensive to jump on a plane tomorrow
“The Localism Act is not the end of the journey towards a more permissive, flexible Britain but it makes a great stride in a direction that the Government will continue to travel.”
Sorry for my lack of posting! Everything has been so crazy! Let me fill you in really quick!
Cabbage, half a head, finely chopped
Paused it don't ask how,
3. Where were you last summer/winter?
Earth, water, wind and fire.
What a year this has been so far, just yesterday the Great Spirit of Gil Scott-Heron passed across us all, and without gettin in too deep, that event reinforces how much of a year of transitions and lasting world altering change this has been already. There have been similar shifts in my personal life and I've noticed some changes in the local bloggy world, which I'll be getting into in future posts but yes, even without a discernible fictions rapture, it seems there is much realigning in our lives this year.
I have only used instructions that are freely available on the Internet and wish to thank each and every person who has had a part in sharing this wonderful art with the world at large.
Ok, I just fell down on the job with this series. I intended to read Deadline for today and didn't make it. But this is the second book in the Trilogy. The third book, Blackout comes out this June. So, it's a perfect time to start reading. No, waiting for the ending!
Our new challenge for you for the next two weeks is:-
My friend Katya and I decided to celebrate today by going out to eat. I thought that the best place for no sugar, no dairy would be a vegan restaurant. What I didn’t realize is that nearly everything there contains SOY, which is a no-no for me now. Nearly all the side sauces and dressings contain vinegar, also off the cart. Looking at the menu, I felt like I was back on the milk fast… confronted with the huge array of things and not able to have any of them. I was especially sad to learn that their Seitan was marinated in soy sauce, which limited my options even further : ( I finally settled on a side of curried chickpeas and kale and a glass of raw almond milk. Both were pretty good and we shared some guacamole and corn chips. I got to try some of Katya’s Mac & “Cheese” before it disappeared. All in all it was definitely a celebratory and enjoyable outing, but a serious eye opener regarding the kinds of challenges I’m going to face eating out and sticking to being a vegetarian.
but I suppose that's a question for another day.
The ferry is provided by the Yukon Government at no cost to travelers. I guess it's cheaper to run the ferry than to build a bridge? Anyway, it can hold maybe 6 passenger vehicles at a time, or one little Trek motor home and 2 or 3 cars.
So, words come and go, and the meanings of words can change. The use and function of a particular word formation is thus ENTIRELY contextual (not inherent).
Maine Title
Saturday night, B and I went out to dinner and then met up with my friend Ali to help her celebrate her birthday!
The tale opens with Jonah being drug through the countryside by three of the most disgusting looking thugs as of yet unveiled in western comics. The comic is narrated by Jonah in a minor tongue-in-cheek style, downplaying the danger he is in. The thugs stop dragging him and then slip a noose around his neck and put him up on his horse. It appears that Jonah killed their sister but Jonah contends that she was trying to rob him. They say that spitting tobacco juice in her eye as she was dying was uncalled for. Jonah admits that his aim was off since he was trying to spit into the bullet hole in her head.
Sana said authorities successfully liberated five military personnel who it said were kidnapped earlier by an ‘armed group’ in the northern province of Idlib.
I wonder if my love of math and arts come from you.
1/2C breadcrumbs
“Oh, that’s an eagle, the chief of the birds. . . . But, come on . . . forget him! You’re a prairie chicken. You can’t fly like that—especially with those long, heavy wings of yours.”
From the very beginning he has used no chemicals. The paddock has systematically been covered in "sheets" of hay bales, laid side by side and end to end for 2 months or more. Once removed, he tills the section with a small, hand tiller. Here in the photo are 2 sections, one being done with hay and the other with plastic. The hay will have added to the soil life when the bales are removed, whereas the plastic will have killed much of the microbial life in the top 2 cms. It is a lot of work to keep shifting the hay bales and they get very heavy and begin to decompose when the weather is wet, so he reluctantly decided to trial the plastic. A third option he is trialing is woollen carpet but it too has problems.
my post about dopplers and scans... i was worried about it before i posted it. i was hoping that people wouldn't read it as a criticism of their choices or a judgement on their strength. it really, really wasn't meant that way. pregnancy after loss is horribly hard and no one gets to judge how anyone else handles it. i am really, really sorry to have sounded like i might be judging anyone else's coping skills.
Now it’s important to be aware of who we are in this game of loved and lovers. We play very important parts in making our egocentric lifestyles function. You see “we” (the attention whores) really are nothing if “you” (the attention Johns) don’t want to read/hear what we have to say/do. We have no reason for being. And don’t believe the crack about “I only do this for me, but if you want to read it you can but I don’t give a crap, it’s just for me”. My fellow Att-Whores, I ask you, really??? Let’s not lie to ourselves. Somewhere in our past we lost our voice. It was taken, oppressed, suppressed, violated or simply not smart enough to articulate our overactive imaginations or express our need for the use of pretentious dialogue like an episode of Dawson’s Creek. But we have reclaimed our power and are grabbing this brave new world by its perked nips and simply not letting go. And for that reason, we love it. The satisfaction of speaking at (because let’s be honest, we aren’t speaking “to” anyone but ourselves) our audience and knowing that they are eating up every word we say is, well……arousing, is it not? Verbal masturbation has us waking up with words in our mouths ready to spit at the world every day with the hopes that someone will want to be the receiving end of our pre-prepared drivel. But like bad food in a sick stomach, it’s so damn satisfying when we finally get it out. We love the experience of knowing that everyone in our world can speak, but we’ve been self-appointed with the task of being much more than a voice. We are the new scribes of our generation and in 100 years; the internet will be littered with the faint echoes of our voices as we express our views on our culture and time. We are writing the books of the bible on the 90s and 2000s in a way that Jesus himself would have ordained his followers to do about their accounts with him had they the ability. I can see it now “OOOOOH SHIT, MY BOY JUST TURNED THIS MUTHAF***IN PARTY UP WITH THAT WATER INTO WINE SHIT. WORLD STAR BABY!!!”
Recorded the last 15 minutes of the Venice Biennale.
Ranger Embossing Ink
One of our interns chose to study mental wellness / mental illness. Her presentation Sunday debunked some myths and misconceptions about mental illness. There is a significant connection between homelessness (a very important topic at Flatlanders!) and mental illness. Yesterday’s presentation connected some of the dots between the two topics, especially through a really helpful comparison story. We heard about two individuals, one with a physical illness (diabetes) and another with a mental illness (schizophrenia). The individual with diabetes was supported by health care providers and friends, was not stigmatized, and found ways to remain in her home, office, and social circle even when frequent ‘episodes’ of diabetes were debilitating. The individual with schizophrenia was stigmatized, ostracized, institutionalized and prevented from doing many of the things that were most helpful; even though his ‘episodes’ were less frequent and less debilitating than those of the individual with diabetes. He could easily end up homeless and without support – which is the story of some of our neighborhood friends at Flatlanders. Something great about a this intern and her topic is that she was able to do first-hand research (in the form of genuine friendships with folks from the neighborhood) as well as book research. She spent a lot of intentional time developing relationships with people who have been marginalized by a society that has no room for them and doesn’t really want to understand them. She shared a painting done by one of our neighborhood friends (who has been diagnosed with schizophrenia), and it was a poignant expression of how difficult his life can be. After seeing his painting and learning a little more about his illness, I know I will treasure him and his contribution to Flatlanders even more. He joins us frequently for meals, and we all appreciate him. The whole presentation was enriching and helpful for our whole community!
Second, the real problem with the PLCB is The Almighty Liquor Code, which needs a total re-write. That's exactly what Frank Cagle is calling for in Tennessee in his latest "Frank Talk" column in the Knoxville weekly Metro Pulse. Tennessee's liquor code, says Cagle, is too broke to fix. "Sometimes a thing has been patched so many times it’s better to throw it out and start over." One look at The Almighty Liquor Code will convince you that it's time to throw it out. The twisted, tangled lawyerese that it is written in damns it to constant tinkering. The PA Liquor Code should be scrapped, and rewritten, in simple language, with consumer oversight, as a model of simple common sense in alcohol policy. First thing to go? All such Repeal-era language as this, the opening justification for the Code:
Since the fall of communism in the former Soviet Union in 1991, the world has gained greater access to Eastern European archives. This emerging historical field still poses serious research problems for genealogists seeking ancestors in this part of the world. Some countries forbid access to and duplication of their historical treasures. Genealogists often have to learn to read several foreign languages in order to trace single pedigrees. The Federation of East European Family History Societies (FEEFHS) is committed to sharing the latest genealogical research developments for Eastern and Central Europe with the public and facilitating the usage of these sources.
So, going forward I will remove the words “heavy-duty” when using a mixer, alert people who the parchment paper is on the same aisle as the garbage bags and is nothing to be scared of, and lastly, continue with my absolute best effort to teach folks how to cook.
Here is where I will be in the next month. Check out the list of events to see if I am coming your way. If I'll be near you, please come see me. I'll sign your books, talk literary crushes, dissect the Hunger Games movie with you, whatever. I may even have bottles of TSG nail polish to give away at some of the events.
But thankfully, there exists such a thing as Google Search :)
It should be out soon and I’ll have the links when it becomes available. It was cool to see the full cover with my name on it.
desperation of the media!
Those death were terrible, out of respect for the dead no bodies were shown, but one who had seen them said that few looked as if they lay in comfort and most appeared to have died in agony.
First I have to say HOW much I ♥ this 101 series by Gooseberry Patch! These beautiful, full-color (every recipe has it's very own photo) books are drool-worthy -- EVERY PAGE!!
Not everybody agrees with Professor Dronkers’ conclusions. Dutch writer and educational expert Anja Vink says the professor places too much emphasis on culture and religion. She argues that socio-economical circumstances are widely accepted as determining factors for the educational achievement of children.
Oh yes. The Texans were back in action after the crusher last week. My family were tailgating this time, though they forgot to tell us. So we got to the tailgate kinda late. It was all good as I grabbed a few of our Michelob beers left over from the Dontoberfest to have as tailgating beers. We actually picked up a variety pack of the Michelob craft beers and one of the boys brought in a 6 pack of Michelob lager. We packed up some of the BBQ chicken and burgers, then took some Michelob Lager and Michelob Porter to the tailgate.
Lantrai*
DATE: February 27, 2012 (Monday)
I was immediately impressed by the clean, bright and welcoming work space of la Cuisine. And, by happy coincidence friend and fellow blogger, Lindsey, was there to take in some cocktail knowledge as well. Fred did a commendable job of going through the basics (tools and ingredients) and walking us through the prep of each cocktail step by step as our group of seven or so girls each made – and sampled – our own drinks. We even ran overtime a bit, but this didn’t stop Fred from finishing our lesson and we ended with my favorite of the bunch, the Martinez.
Hubs: I don't see why you're so worried. If I die you'll instantly become a wealthy woman!
This is our next area of the backyard to tackle...just down right ugly if you ask me. And this is the first thing you see when you walk into the back yard. We have plans, though...Oh yes, we have plans:o)
Basically we ordered every single dairy free curry (with the exception of spinach-pea curry). The food was delicious but so so so spicy. Spicer than I've ever had in Melbourne. Toby was sweating like crazy and my nose was running throughout the meal. If you want a mild dish, I would recommend the plain potato one. Otherwise you have been warned!
28-30 Charlatan DRAGON 120
In the wake of the nuclear catasphorie in Fukashima, Japan, many pondered on the idea whether this was a new "Chernobyl". Some then continued to ponder if Fukushima would be the setting for a new STALKER game. People were disgusted at these thoughts, with the notion of it "being too soon" to mention anything about it. Here's the thing though, with nuclear fallout, even after a hundred years it will still probably "too soon" to use it for trivial entertainment purposes. STALKER has given many people new insights into the trials and tribulations of the people surrounding Chernobyl... as well as many hours entertainment blasting radioactive zombies in a virtual exclusion zone. It's all about balance.
I have boxed it up, along with the printer they supplied which I never have needed to use thanks to being 100% paperless in my work. What a contrast to the old days when I'd go through a friggin' case of paper every few months! This equipment sits in my kitchen ready to be carted off to Fed-Ex on Monday.
I so wanted the Mary Konior's book Tatting in Lace. But wow...just not in my budget! So, I borrowed the book threw Interlibrary Loan. I found that the book was at the Independence, Mo. library. I went to my local library, filled out a form AND 3 weeks later I HAD THE BOOK! It came to my home town library and I had the book for 3 wonderful weeks! But, all good things must come to and end. I have been blessed
On we continued with our next section of the Capital Ring. We headed down a tree-lined avenue at the side of the woods, before crossing the bridge over the A2. We then headed into Eltham Park South, where we found exactly what we’d expected to find in a park: an old office chair. Obviously.
“Magnesium is a very important mineral that many are lacking. Besides being so important in the metabolism and synthesis of nutrients within your cells, it also inhibits the absorption of fluoride into your cells! Along with magnesium, calcium seems to help attract the fluorides away from your bones and teeth, allowing your body to eliminate those toxins. So during any detox efforts with fluoride, it is essential that you include a healthy supplemental dose of absorbable calcium/magnesium as part of the protocol.”
There were many years where I wasn't one of the 'cool kids'. I felt hurt that people didn't contact me instead of me always being the person to call them to initiate a hello, or that I wasn't special enough to be invited to the outings I saw on Facebook.
The irony is that by the end of the day that is exactly what happened. Jesus’ shed blood was potentially “upon them and their children,” but not at all in the way they had imagined. That blood signified redemption and atonement. It meant they all had the potential to be saved by the very man they had crucified. And if they accepted that invitation that blood would wash away their sins. Were some of these same people among the 3000 saved on Pentecost forty days later?
All I ask is that if you are going to come out and participate you make a DONATION to my FUNDRAISING PAGE (any denomination is appreciated!) and either comment here that you are going to participate or email me and let me know.
Basement that is in good condition and at least able to fix-up without major costs associated to it
She is now on her twelfth semester, and wants to transfer to a four-year college and study social work.
After an obstacle course and some serious testing, here are my findings:
If someone called me that today, id smack them with my purse. And it'd hurt you know, because ive perfected the swing of my purse to face.
When I first heard that Jenny was looking for a few good interns, I was -so- excited to finally get to see how real authors write their queries and communicate in the uber professional writing world.
Just amazing! *sniffles* wait till you keep reading!
I have chosen a beautiful picture, dedicated to an ugly truth because I dare not show show you the pictures I would dearly like to. I dare not publish the pictures you need to see, because to do so would be to risk most search engines placing the Green Arrow blog behind a content warning, or even blocking it all together, and also because it would be unfair to force you to view horror beyond anything most of us could imagine, even though it is my duty to inform you of it.
“Good work, zombie arm.”
My kids love the craft room as much as I do and when I am in there they are always finding projects to work on too! Last Friday night Lola was Kyan's assistant to his coloring. Any color he wanted, she found it and handed it over!
I don't have dellusions that my blog would 'change the world' (by itself) but it's helping me maintain sanity, health... And have some FUN with it all!!
Rosenblum's tale of life on the Seine, and the history of the river, is a timeless classic: one to read ASAP. And re-read.
BRAMLEY: The body of an elderly woman found at 19 Kelvin Road.
This morning we had to move as the water tank was nearly empty and the boat was full of rubbish from the massive amount of presents we received (I wish). That achieved we are now settled again.
*As it turns out it appears the BNP may have chosen not to use my work after all, (possibly because of my previous association with the British Resistance site) but that is beside the point, as they can still do so if they wish to. My sole concern remains the survival of our people and all those of European origin, wherever they are, whatever political party they support and irrespective of the narrow sectarian divisions which I believe are doing terrible damage to our cause.
*1/8 tsp Dry Mustard gluten-free
Last week I talked about ways to becoming more sustainable. Another way to become more sustainable that will also help you save some money on electricity is hang drying your clothes. Now you may be thinking I don't have a line outside or I live in an apartment how can I hang dry my clothes? Well neither do I, so you just have to get a little creative! You have to think about what you already have available around the house...
On several occasions he has angered party and alliance leaders by making comments about issues ahead of the ANC's own attempts to stage-manage events.
To get a glimpse of what we’ll be studying today, take a good look at the Scripture-picture our sister Lori created for us. Tell me what you see. This is what I see:
bad rich people let’s raise taxes on the wealthy
10. World War Blues
Then I tweaked the neckline. The neckline (really wishing I had captured a "pre" image of this) did not lay nicely because the slit, while obviously intended to butt nicely, instead gaped awkwardly with unsightly draglines. So I united the portion of the slit that is below the sheer lace (you can make out the stitches if you click on the close-up view of the neckline... this is where the aforementioned subtlety comes into play). Then I finished-off the rest of the slit with a closure of two buttons and elastic loops. It's much more wearable now.
He said by calling upon the PM to match deed to word on the “synthetic issue of Christian proselytisation of Muslims”, the MCCBCHST was “bearing witness to the plain truth that ordinary Malaysians of various religions are tolerant of each other’s beliefs despite the inflammatory machinations of frustrated politicians.”
All documents authenticating Julian Robertson's most recent medical/ physical exam records, as well as mental health exam (mental component) certifying his ability to understand the lawsuit undertaken against defendants, as well as a list of all prescribed medications attributable to plaintiff during the last 3 years.
“I told you I hadn’t seen it Frank,” the front desk man said.
I am happy to report that we have several hundred frogs,after the two I posted in my last blog,the rest arrived over night,The lake and ponds are a heaving mass of frogs and spawn,I think this year is the best we have had for a long time.
The above article is also notable for what it doesn’t say. My great-grandmother also miscarried a four-months premature daughter, whom the death certificate records as Mary Zula Ley, after her mother. They are buried in the Fisher plot in East Avenue Cemetery, in New Philadelphia.
* Experience with statistical methods appropriate for epidemiological studies
Do you plot out your stories/novels, or do you dive in and let the characters take you where you need to go?
Walks like Soljaboyz
Pull-ups: 3x sets of 10, super-setted (that is, alternated) with bench presses as below
No matter how you or I seek to insulate our lives from pain, difficulty, rejection, or uncertainty, there is no good to come of hiding. Hiding robs us of seeing God at work in us and through us. It robs us of learning to walk in deeper faith and abiding trust, because hiding demonstrates that we really don't trust God's sovereignty at all. We would rather hide out among our baggage - our past, our inadequacy, our present circumstances, than to step out and take a risk by faith. We would rather put all of our effort (and it takes effort and planning and expense) into hiding than we would to put it into the action of living faith.
Cheddar Cheese Puffs (you can see the recipe here. Following the suggestion of my mother-in-law, I added a bit of Dijon mustard to the dough. It turned out very nice).
Here's my second entry- my first is a couple of posts down- the zentangle heart.
So I made a "DIY" car sticker and thought that I would also display it on this blog and would be happy for others to display it, if they so desired.*
“Blrrrwb!”
This little guy was just born yesterday, and then somehow he turned 4 last Wednesday. FOUR. I honestly don't know how it goes by so fast. When I asked him where the time had gone, he said "it went to the four". So it did.
Nov 14 – Masquerade – Atlanta, GA (W/Cobra Starship)
Row relay. 200 meter row each, other holds plank.
Step One - Open the screws that hold the reed chamber and top handle of the cover. Remove reed plates from the reed chamber. This whistling kettle has two reed plates and each plate has two reeds. It is made from brass but sometime you can find stainless steel, plastics or aluminium ones. This reed works just like the reed in your good old harmonica. When air rushes through the tiny gap, the vibration would create a whistling sound.
Not only are they a valuable part of a team, they’re part of a successful team because the train reaches its goal, the summit of Mount Snowdon. They’re also extremely important because without them the train wouldn’t run at all. And they’re powerful too because they enable the train to ascend without slipping backwards and descend without speeding out of control down the mountainside.
With morning tea I peak in, glimpse
Congrats everyone and please make sure you grab your blinkies from the sidebar!
She was accepted, and discharged from her "old" center, and we finally moved yesterday afternoon. She was happier from the moment she arrived. Workers met me at the door, helped Mother into a wheelchair and took her to her room, and had a cart for her belongings, which they also took to her room while I met with the admissions lady and signed all the papers and gave her a deposit check. When I arrived in Mother's room, all her clothes, pajamas, etc. had been carefully put away in the closet and drawers, and Mother was tucked into bed with her pjs on! I chatted with her a little while, then kissed her goodnight.
Hello my sweet stamping friends! If you are here visiting me to see what this weeks Shining the Light Challenge over at Our Daily Bread Designs is, you are in the right place!
depression
The book tells the story of dating agent worker Alice Brown, who is determined to find true love for each of her clients. She really believes that there is someone out there for everyone, and puts her all into her matches, trying to make sure that they meet someone they will be compatible with. However, her boss isn't quite as honest as Alice is, trying to hang on to the male clients by matching them with unsuitable women to keep them on her books, oh and her marriage to John isn't quite all she makes it out to be either. Alice's latest client Kate also believes in true love, but doesn't fancy going out every night to meet a man. Despite mocking from her best friend, she moves along with the plan andi s unsure after a few poor dates. But will Kate meet her Mr Right? And is Alice ever going to be lucky in love herself?
I'm feeling more comfortable about giving her solid foods now, and not limiting the amounts. I just sit at the table and pump while she feeds herself.
That being said, I'm starting to really think that advice is worst received when you're completely lost and frustrated. Because more often than not it just gets you upset or more frustrated and lost.
Many other great books and spiritual classics are also available online.
She first taught me how to sew when I was in Junior high. When I was going into Junior High at age 13 she taught my friend and I how to take a pair of last years jeans, cut a the seam out of the outer legs up to the knee and put in a piece of fabric in the shape of a traingle to make the bottoms of the pants "flair," as was the style of the time. We'd always pick the loudest fabrics" bright greens, orange swirls, anything that would express our personality. And in a short amount of time and with little use of money we had new pants!
"What if you could change your friends' lives and loves through the settings of a computer game...?
Lumaki ang singkit kong mga mata! Finally hindi na ako magtitiis sa three-in-one, sa green tea na sinasawsaw lang sa mainit na tubig (uy pahealthy effect) at sa milk tea. Kaya as I go back to my area, I was no longer thinking about the flowchart I was reading. I was already thinking on how to go down tomorrow to the other floor just to get my precious cup of coffee. Hussle naman if iaakyat ko pa ang red mug from the other floor (sabihin pa nila nangunguha ako ng mug ng ibang floor).
The publication Wind Turbine Sound and Health Effects- An Expert Panel Review 2009 is an extensive analytical review of a large body of peer reviewed literature on sound and health effects in general and on sound produced by wind turbines. The conclusions by this expert panel are: There is no evidence that audible or sub-audible sounds emitted by wind turbines have any direct adverse physiological effects. The ground-borne vibrations from wind farms are too weak to be detected by, or to affect, humans. The sounds emitted by wind turbines are not unique. There is no reason to believe, based on the levels and frequencies of the sounds and the panel’s experience with sound exposure in occupational settings, that the sounds from wind turbines could plausibly have direct adverse health consequences.
I suppose if I wake up one day and find an online order for fish & chips from some takeaway place in England on my screen, I guess I will know who to blame.
Hello, dear readers! It's Friday again and I have the most awful edit hangover.
Tanya Johnson
Milan Fashion Week: Sept. 18-25
I can't recall the discussion about the changes, only that it was initiated by the editor, and she did a re-write that I suspect I mostly took onboard.
Sarbets (traditional houses): You’re so rustic & beautiful. I can’t wait to see you dotting the landscape again.
Violence in a medium-security prison, though, is always just around the corner. And Emery tells me that only a couple of weeks ago a Hispanic inmate suspected of being an informant was bludgeoned half to death by two others. He was apparently beaten over the head by a metal door-locker lock inside a sock.
The important thing is to let Me in to let Me do the healing work of the
When Dundee United sold David Goodwillie in the summer, Johnny Russell was the player that they looked towards to fill his old teammate’s boots, which according to evidence given in Stirling Court are size tens. He may have the worst footballing hairstyle since early 2000s Taribo West but Russell is starting to grow into his role as a first choice striker at Tannadice recently. He has also been a feature of the Scotland under 21 squad recently so hopefully with game time then he will develop into yet another Dundee United player that moves on a free transfer to the championship in a couple of years. (See Craig Conway, Prince Buaben and Morgaro Gomis for details).
Asserting that the United States had largely achieved its military goals, Mr. Obama said that Afghans were ready to take responsibility for their own security, a transition that will start in earnest next year when American and NATO troops step back from a combat role to training and counterterrorism operations.
4. Freedom Poem (Xhol/James Rhodes)
The Summer Show Project at FOLEYgallery, New York
Ilario Bertuccio, killed while walking home from work….
Thank you father, the Lord says there is a woman here tonight, he asked me to tell you, he asked me to you not to worry, he said next year you will bring your own children.
With around 1000 bands, the need to stand out has never been more of a necessity, as Árni explains. “There are so many bands in Iceland and maybe they don´t want to sound just like the band in the next garage,” he says. Árni is also in agreement with Bóas that it takes a positive outlook to keep going. “It can be tough and it is true that most musicians have other jobs. But nothing is hard if you have the interest and passion for what you are doing.”
And that'll be all for now. I'm gonna go find something to do online...because I'm too lazy to get out of this chair.
I have some costume philosophies, for Halloween in particular, but also just in general. I don't generally like wearing a costume that you've seen before. IE apart from thinking that dressing like Steve Jobs is a bit tacky, I wouldn't do it because you'll see other Steve Jobses at the party. My costume should be something you won't see from anyone else.
My local library system provides access to the OED online, though, and more and more, for quick lookups of words for which I want to find nuance of meaning or etymology, I’ll visit the OED online and search. The hard-copy bibliophile in me feels a little guilty about doing this.
“I choose Death!”
As I was hanging up the phone, a woebegone Mr. Man toddled over to me, a little black croc in one hand; he shrugged his shoulders, held out the lonely footgear, and inquired, “Where shoe? Help?” He knows that since he has two feet, he needs two shoes, and was having trouble locating the second one. We had a little game of crawling around to find it (under the living room end table, which seems to be the preferred hiding place of his right shoe), followed by a chortling Baby Guy, who found it rather amusing that all the people who could walk were choosing to go about on hands and knees instead.
Councilor Dave Norris said that in some sections of the 35-mph zone, “it just doesn’t seem, personally, to be an appropriate limit.”
The dictionary definition of “syncretism” which one often finds is “the combining of different (often contradictory) beliefs, often while melding practices of various schools of thought. Syncretism may involve the merger and analogizing of several originally diverse traditions, especially in the theology and mythology of religion, thus asserting an underlying unity and allowing for an inclusive approach to other faiths.”
It’s quiet in here and minty in smell and minty is the light.
I eventually want to do a fish with an embroidered body, but for now I thought I’d do a few in fabric with free motion embroidered fins.
I'm not sure why I titled my post that, but I did, so deal.
The beds were put away and we peered out of the now open windows to spot familiar landmarks. When the bed man passed by I asked how long, and he said 4 stops. Despite the late leaving of the train, we actually arrived in Bangkok only an hour late, and we travelled across town on the MRT and then City Line towards the airport where we were to pass the evening in the YHA Bangkok Airport.
For a long time, I didn’t buy or make Valentine’s cards for our kids to give out to their class. My eldest son didn’t care or ask for such things until he was older (and could do it on his own), and I always thought it was a bit silly. Why would a 5 year old send a love note to anyone but his family? And at our kids’ school, if you’re going to send a Valentine you have to send them to everyone in the class. I understand the premise (no one gets left out), but it’s always seemed like a bit of a landfill issue to me. What do you do with all those slips of paper covered in Spiderman and Iron Man?
Reeve immediately set to work. While he was working Kaelyn tried to sort through the foggy events of Rhoswen’s attack. There was something she felt sure had caught her attention during the time she was waking up, but it remained elusive. Suddenly she remembered.
a) How often do you plan to wear the dress?
Monday was a pretty good day at work. We worked a little late and then hit up another favorite spot in Charleston, Blossom, with a friend and co-worker Jenn. We all ended up getting fish (all were fantastic) and shared several desserts. The apple pie was by far our favorite, but the Crème Brûlée was quite good too. The third dessert was a Red Velvet bread budding. It was a little odd, but still rather interesting.
I've been thinking about the word "cheat" a lot in recent days. I heard recently a very disturbing story about academic dishonesty, where the student (not one of mine - and no one that I know) had gone to great lengths to protect his grade in order that he not be penalized. It included taking stuff from a teacher, burning a test, along with a few other things that were so shocking to me, I could only listen with my mouth agape.
Mark Sheater - Bass
Mike Jones of the journal Revolutionary History stressed the importance of democratic demands in such a transitional program. He cited a comment of Arthur Rosenberg, a historian who belonged to the German Communist Party until 1927, that the party had failed, during the period following the German November revolution of 1918, to advance demands to oust reactionary holdovers from the state apparatus. This viewpoint was also advanced by British scholar Ben Lewis, who held that the ‘culmination of such democratic demands is workers’ rule.’ British historian John Rose countered that at least in the revolutionary showdown of 1923, German workers were more interested in workers’ power than in defending a democratic republic.
About Icon
$20 – FENRIZ (DARKTHRONE)
Voice control:
Twenty years of my life has zoomed past with such amazing speed that I sometimes get quite upset with myself for wasting so much time being idle, and also for playing into the hands of the devil at times, by blaming the wrong people for all the worlds’ evils – (another name for Satan is “Accuser” – Rev. 12: 10).
Per serving: 192 cal, 8 g fat, 25 g carbs, 7 g protein
Assalamualaikum and hello everyone.
His group was populated by numerous former members of military and law enforcement – most of whom had grown weary of trying to survive on their own. Few of the men had families. The majority of those who had families after the crash had lost them somehow. By and large, the group was angry at the world and equipped with the skills to do something about it.
4. City of New Orleans (Steve Goodman cover)
layer the top with X-Rated
Copyright 2010 Nancy Baumiller All Rights Reserved You may NOT copy, download, print in any manner without prior written permission.
Not every change is the equivalent of "New Coke" or the Edsel or doubling the price of Netflix.
A thunderhead crested at 40,000 feet. It was a hundred miles away, so far above the powerlines and stoplights and billboards that it was the reflection of another world, a mirage in water, suspended in air. A triangular mountain, its body cloaked in blue, its luminous peak bathed in the last rays of sunlight from the disappearing curve of the earth.
Is also God in and around
The Bible says – “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth on him should not perish, but have everlasting life”. God sent Jesus to die as a ransom for our sins.
When love and hate are both absent
1 tsp. baking powder
Well, I finished the Copic Intermediate Certification Class yesterday. That was a lonnnnng one! I left the house about 8:00 a.m. and got home at 8:30 p.m. Marianne Walker told us that we would be tired at the end of the day. I wasn't tired. Not at all. I was exhausted! Oh, my! I had trouble waiting up for Gary to get home from the wine-tasting party he attended with our daughter, Angela. My eyes were slamming shut by the time he arrived about midnight. And then I collapsed into bed and didn't wake up until 10:00 a.m. this morning. Yeah, I was one pooped-out old lady!
how i wished for silence, for superman to turn back this moment in time but i swallowed what else was i to do.
Someone with no real executive training or experience has removed all of International Scientology management and made himself the sole dictator of the Church. He has turned the Church into a moneymaking Ponzi scheme, personally raking off millions, while RPFing or offloading anyone who dares question him.
7. I have an unhealthy obsession with football. when my team is playing, I swear/cry/jump/scream, usually all at once. when my boys are not playing, I'm not too fussy - I'll basically watch anything (well, maybe apart from man utd, just can't stand these *****).
Q: Can Catholics go to any church, other than a Catholic church?
I never had any doubt that if there is a heaven (like I believe there is) and if any human has any chance of going there (I believe that Jesus gives us that chance), then my parents were going there. Others have told me they thought the same. My parents believed, and used every moment to live out that belief. They shared their meager blessings with any in need, even when it meant not eating as much for dinner that night. Dad fixed stuff. He tinkered around and found new life in things like cars, refrigerators and washing machines. Mom taught children for many years, and only retired when her lack of health forced her to. They showed Jesus to everyone they came in contact with. Their lives were bold and unashamed, yet simple and sparing.
(Kilauea is the volcano on The Big Island of Hawai’i that has been in a continuous eruption mode since the early 1980s. Kilauea is pronounced something like – kill-ah-way-ah.)
It’s on! Plans are made and arrangements firmed up. This year’s section hike starts in less than a week.
Read its story here. As the automobiles became more popular, it was felt that streets were more necessary than canals. Therefore most of them were filled, and the 1929 Depression contributed to the decay of this attraction. It was an uninterrupted decay till 1992 when the canals were at last restored.
On the other hand, you got the fun "monster party" records. Perhaps you were unaware, but the '50s and '60s were a real swinging time for monsters, and some of the music they and their admirers made is pretty great stuff. Garage, punk and surf bands over the years have written some terrific tunes in praise of these misunderstood creatures.
This is where we get a little comic humor. Ms. CJ and I were joking about revenge. I told her I would like to get a thick, double syrup milk shake and throw it in his face, dump it over his head so he is covered in sticky mess that he cannot clean up very easily. She joked about letting air out of car tires with an old boyfriend and some of the stuff we did as kids to get back at people. My therapist actually said I should just dump his stuff in the boxes to pack and ship and not to be neat about it. We joked that I should put breakable stuff on the bottom of the box with books on top so it makes sure they smash. Ah, all those little collections of things you hold so dear smashed into a million pieces. It does hold some kind of healing in my life just thinking about it.
Have you ever just had one of those crazy ridiculous days, where you forget to set your alarm the night before, wake up late and well the whole clockwork of your day is a mishap! And the cherry on top is a downfall of rain just as you step out of the house without your umbrella because the smiley lady on BBC News told you that it would be dry today!!!
So I do the only thing I can think of. I push a trolley aside, and go scan my goods. All of a sudden, behind me is a very loud silence.... You know that one in the movies? where the very bad scary thing is rising up out of the darkness and the hero's back is turned, oblivious?
Nonetheless, with free relationship services, what everyone will discover is that they will be capable to create a profile for nothing which means everyone can talk with others for nothing. Once the profile is set up then the members can begin speaking to the folks they want to speak to; without some other worries, people can socialize with whomever they like.
9 Months Ago. I have only been running for 9 months. I have never been a runner. I did not run track in high school.
But my personal favorite moment of horror? The moment when Finn McMissile says to our darling, innocent Mater “First, you need a gun”….proceeded by walls flipping inward a la James Bond action flick to reveal hundreds of oozies and missle launchers.
I’ve never fished in Paris though, and neither can I say that I regularly see people fishing on the Seine or the Canal St Martin. The water of this city is brown and opaque, and seemingly used only as a route for pleasure boat traffic and as a reflective surface for riverside architecture. For Pierron though, it is a growing activity, in an environment which has a lot to teach us. “It is the last truly wild natural environment that exists in cities” he explains. “At first view, street fishers are not in a natural environment, but as soon as they are next to the water, their focus is only on this last territory of wild life”. The environmental aspect to this lifestyle choice is clearly revindicated. As Pierron outlines, “After the dark years of pollution, this is clearly a reappropriation of urban waters. Previously there were just three species of fish in the Seine, but the fishing community today has now counted 32 different species, including Salmon”.
Key Highlights
people do crazy.. weird things!
During 2011, the participating wineries sold about 34,280 bottles of wines, with a total value of $514,200, an overall 66% increase in overall sales. But added income was not the only benefit the wineries derived. 82% of the wineries reported increased visitors at their winery and 94% reported increased recognition for their wine. In addition, the public learned much more about the Massachusetts wine industry, which will help all local wineries.
David Tennant
The plan is that Nora will arrive in April, just around the corner. While I remain focused on God, I am able to remain relatively at peace with this proposed occurence of uncertainty. I recognize and trust fully in the knowledge that God has a plan for Nora, a plan for me, a plan for our family. The human aspect of my being is simply afraid. I’m obviously afraid of losing Nora, but truth be told, I’m also afraid that she will live. I’m afraid of all of the challenges she will face. The challenges that I, as her primary care taker, will ultimately be responsible for. It’s not that I am not up for the challenge or not willing to go the extra hundreds of miles. I’m fearful of my inexperience. I am a quirky artist with a frenzied temper, easily distracted and completely illiterate in the medical field. I know how to administer Children’s Tylenol and put on a Band-Aid – that’s about it. (Administering Delysum is up for debate as is noted in a recent telephone call to the Poison Control Center). Of course Rick Santorum’s daughter is almost 4 years old, having overcome all of her obstacles associated with T18. I’d have to assume this is largely in part because Karen Santorum is/was a NICU nurse. Throughout Bella’s life her mother has known exactly who, what, where, when, why and how. Me? Not so much. My lack of knowledge and experience should be a great cause for concern! But maybe in the way that God prepared Karen Santorum, he has also prepared me. I just don’t realize it as it’s not so obvious.
Girls' Clothes: 1
Instinctive paths
Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends, family, and other readers.
The children look up at their father
Micheesha was having a party and some of her unsavoury ‘bitches’ were there. But I ended up having a good night, getting a laugh telling them about when I was a kid
hands started to
But the slithering, corroded and impossible blobs are gone...in the orange bags that we are now required to use in Chelsea if we have to much to contain in the garbage cans.
Minute 1:51 of the ISM video clearly shows Lt.-Col. Shalom Eisner's bandaged hand, after his fingers had been broken by an agent provocateur.
6. Rolling in My Sweet Baby's Arms
Because God has forgiven me, I forgive others. Because God loves me, I look to the needs of others. Because Jesus gave himself up for me, I will give up my 'rights' for others.
If you do not have black doll patterns, you can easily modify any pattern by using dark fabrics.
Veronica Falls and Soft Metals offer two new additions to our "Best Debuts of the Year" list (more on this subject in the coming week) with their eponymous albums. Veronica Falls put their own, particularly enjoyable spin to the whole girl group-garage rock-'80s indiepop combo we've enjoyed lately with a record filled with catchy, energetic, straight-to-the-point songs, while Soft Metals (as we've already pointed out here) draw inspiration from all sorts of electronic sounds from the '70s and '80s with a twist of new wave's resplendent darkness added for good measure.
Now not everything in the Studio was rosy this week, I was working at the torch yesterday afternoon and heard a couple of clinks coming from the kiln and was so disappointed to find these casualties lying on the kiln floor!
My momma's house is less than 1/4 mile from the levee so that is freaking me out
UPDATE: But here is some good news:Negotiators have all but completed a sweeping deal that would compensate countries for preserving forests and in some cases other natural landscapes like peat soils, swamps and fields that play a crucial role in curbing climate change.
According to the Victorian government website, Listeria has a fatality rate as high as 30 per cent among at-risk people, who include the elderly, pregnant woman, babies and those with weakened immune systems.
7:35 PM: And single use chopsticks. Crap. Given how often I eat sushi, maybe I should invest in my own ceramic pair to bring with me. I’m also not really opposed to just using my fingers. Manners seems like a reasonable sacrifice on mother nature’s behalf.
This is the same excuse given, for instance, by that racist justice of the peace in Louisiana. Remember Keith Bardwell, the one who refused to grant marriage licenses to interracial couples? He said that his refusal wasn't racist (of course), because he only meant to protect the children produced by such unions. Then, after the couple obtained a license elsewhere, Bardwell said this:
G’day Mate, Wil”
I treated myself to the last two items on this list the other night using my return money towards it. This black dress and belt were made for each other and each piece has multiple possibilities all on their own as well.
9p – Ralph Lamb
More soon... have a wonderful week quilties!
There is one family that lives here - Gaston and Valentine. They run a small restaurant, pearl farm, fish traps, and all of the cruisers love them. They have installed mooring balls where we can moor for free as long as we have dinner at their restaurant one night. It is supposed to be an excellent fish dinner. We are looking forward to it, plus learning more about their atoll.
The swastika now shows up so often as a generic symbol of hatred that the Anti-Defamation League, in its annual tally of hate crimes against Jews, will no longer automatically count its appearance as an act of anti-Semitism.
was tortured for three days and then brutally murdered.
It's hard to tell what "it's" is the pronoun for. What is it? Upon reflection it is the pranks pulled by Raptor Snatch's rivals, BUT you never actually mention that. Instead it's hidden in "stab them in the fronts every chance they get." Which may be a great line, but doesn't actually make any sense.
Minister of Finance Pravin Gordhan said tax revenue collections had not yet recovered fully from the effects of the recession.
Weizman illustrates the other side of this terrifyingly dislocating experience by quoting an article originally published during the 2002 invasion. Here, a Palestinian woman, whose home was raided, recounts her witnessing of this technique:Imagine it—you’re sitting in your living room, which you know so well; this is the room where the family watches television together after the evening meal. . . . And, suddenly, that wall disappears with a deafening roar, the room fills with dust and debris, and through the wall pours one soldier after the other, screaming orders. You have no idea if they’re after you, if they’ve come to take over your home, or if your house just lies on their route to somewhere else. The children are screaming, panicking. . . . Is it possible to even begin to imagine the horror experienced by a five-year-old child as four, six, eight, twelve soldiers, their faces painted black, submachine guns pointed everywhere, antennas protruding from their backpacks, making them look like giant alien bugs, blast their way through that wall?In fact, I'm reminded of a scene toward the end of the recent WWII film Days of Glory in which we see a German soldier blasting his way horizontally through a house, wall by wall, using his bazooka as a blunt instrument of architectural reorganization—"adjusting the relevant space to his needs," we might say—and chasing down the French troops without limiting himself to doors or stairways.
A moment of life springs forth...the chirping of baby birds in their nest.
I think you will agree that the illustrations by Kit Grady are colorful and fantastic! There are many talented artists and authors at Guardian Angel Publishing, and I'm thankful to be a new angel among them.
wrestling time and
Floor mount tub faucet- Cheviot (www.cheviotproducts.com) Model #5100
For too long in the West we have appeased our consciences with throwing money at people who live in poverty. The result is that very little has been accomplished in the places where most of the aid has gone. But for those of us who live and work on the front lines of global poverty, we know that more than aid dollars are needed.
Contrary to what women generally say about men, I remember my granddad pulling into a gas station plenty of times to ask for directions and not only receiving them but also walking out with a free map to boot. These days only people with little commonsense or a huge self-destructive streak would ask anyone in modern convenience stores directions to anything other than the filthy, and usually broken bathroom they offer the public. For me though, the one service I found myself missing this morning were the once free to everyone air pumps.
Things that have happened in my absence:
My mom and I both stared at the puny transparent bowl. It’s the same bowl that they use in cooking shows to store chopped garlic or onions. It was that small! The texture of the potato salad might have been tempting, but I think it only had 3-4 chunks of potatoes in that sorry little salad. My sister’s face got sour.
Oh and for those of you who are on instagram, please let me know. Instagram is now available for android users and I just got it 2 days ago. Find me on instagram: chinkygirlmel
Which should we believe? JOLTS, because it has shown steady improvement since its mid-2009 low, and isn’t subject to large swings! The hire rate has steadily improved to 3.3 percent from its 2.9 percent low, while the number of job openings has increased from 2.2m to 3.5m in February 2012.
For anyone wishing further information on The Buddy Beat, please contact Jeanette Allan on 0141 314 4059 or check out www.buddybeat.co.uk
I’m sorry to the youth who have been dealt yet another misfortune, to our customers who were looking forward to gaining better access to our beer and to other breweries who probably would have been able to use similar models to compete better in this Province.
1. I got all the information in the mail.
Obama: Who's name?
Soooooooo.... I have some exciting news. After much waffling, I've decided to give The Talisman series a makeover.
Like any story with this general idea (I’m thinking Dances With Wolves, The Last Samurai etc) she soon comes up against problems as her human instincts, so very different from the ways of the Neanderthal Clan, come into conflict with the rigid male dominated heirarchy of the tribe. Inadvertantly, Ayla is a disruption to the lives of the cosy existence of the Clan and other Neanderthal groups as she strives to learn way beyond the expectation of her position as a female, getting ideas above her station and exhibiting a curiosity upon which her adopted family frown. It soon brings her into conflict with Broud, the son of Brun and the pair would be at the centre of most conflicts in the book.
After 2 decades in this industry, I'm pretty good at seeing trends and knowing when the waters are about to get choppy. I saw it in 2007 at the 500-employee agency when a large client (if you had an iPhone, you were signed up with that telecommunications giant!) announced they would be "reviewing" the agency at the end of the year. I expected the worst and had 6 months to prepare myself financially. In the end it was the bloodbath I imagined.
My mom had another scan on Tuesday to see how her tumors were reacting to the chemo. From the outside, from what we could observe, she seemed to be doing great. Since she started chemo she’s been breathing better, looking better, able to walk and talk and go out and do things that prior to her treatment she could not do. The chemo never exhausted her, made her sick, nauseous, or anything. Her hair has only started to thin and she still has so much that she hasn’t had to wear a wig yet. Her doctor could feel that one of the tumors in her lymph node had shrunk, and the fact that she was breathing easier seemed to be proof that the tumors in her lungs were shrinking.
Crack Comics 9 (Jan 1941)
This year will mark the rise of the ambient platforms where apps, services and devices mesh together as one in real-time synchronicity. Your activity will automatically register and trigger across multiple apps and devices.
Our menu is modern English and European. We do a lot of pasta and vegetarian dishes, so it’s not all straight-down-the-line English pub food. The average spend per head here is between £25 and £30 for two courses and a glass of wine.
OK so now its your turn!
* Microeconomics
Womp womp womp I got home from work and the lighting in our little bungalow was way too dark already to get a good shot of the new couch. I hope to get a few good pictures this weekend, so I can show you guys early next week. But, to kick the weekend off right I'd like to leave you guys with some eye candy!!
I don't need to tell you, you just know
I have finally finished knitting the Brick pullover for Doug and I must say I couldn’t be happier with this one. I love everything about it – the colours, the mosaic pattern, the lofty, light wool, the fit, the feel, the beautiful detailing; but mostly I love how great it looks on Doug. It was made for him! ( Literally!)
Cultural difference or just a case of the crazies?
when he said religious institutions don’t have
It's come as a surprise, this last month, to find that writing non-fiction feels so very different. I'm co-writing a commissioned book about writing children's fiction, and there's not only the knowledge that the other author is busily working away at her sections, but we have a Plan. I know what to do, even if not quite how to do it.
RUEAIIA/CIA WASHINGTON DC
Opal Lustreglass (MAC)
According to the letter,
This would abolish the national veto and would massively increase the power of the European Commission and the European Court of Justice, the in-house court, who has as it's aim the supporting of an ever closer union.
“Therefore, Yong is still very much needed against the onslaught of the Opposition which has made almost a clean sweep of all urban seats in last year’s state election,” the insider added.
I'm just scared, and tired. I'm scared because I think Jay's hearing might be declining. I just want him to be able to hold onto the what hearing he still has.
For a variety of non technical reasons KERS was agreed not to be raced from 2010 until the planned 2013 rules. However this plan changed, but not before Mercedes AMG had made new strategic plans around KERS.
Taking just the situation up to this point then, one option based on what I said back in 2007 becomes possible. Workers could argue, let it go bust. Savers would get their money back, and the bank itself would become next to worthless. If I were a worker at AIB, in the meantime I would be arguing for an occupation of the only thing that has real value, its buildings and offices, and access to all the information, and equipment contained in them. From that position of strength, the workers could argue for all of that, including its loan book to be sold to them to operate as a Workers Co-operative. If the Workers only agreed to pay the market value of these assets then they have the basis for running an important financial institution from a sound basis. From the beginning they should make contact with the Co-op Bank in Britain to organise a joint venture, and with the rest of the Co-operative Movement and Trade Union Movement throughout Europe.
To that, I add, "Refresh."
She is so lovely and a beautiful princess.
Michael Patrick Iken, 37, New York, N.Y.
I did the grocery shopping, then made guacamole for lunch and had it outside in the sunshine with some gluten-free rice tortilla chips. Have I told you lately how much I love cilantro? I sniffed it in the grocery store and stood there and smiled because the scent of it makes me so darn happy.
Ben has ‘built’ The Harvest around the backbone of his Bridge Road Australian Ale and that in itself is a fair base to work from. Aiming, in a way, for that rich strength of flavour and aroma found in many good US and New Zealand craft beers, The Harvest delivers in bucket loads. This may be due to the amount as well as the quality of this new hop. As Ben told me, “Had to keep adding more (hop flowers) and ended up throwing pellets at it as well ... wasn’t getting enough from the whole flowers and was worried about getting them out of the tank.”
Howdy Cowgirls and Cowboys. There’s a snake in my boots! Sometimes randomness is appropriate and giggle inducing. Other times it’s hippopautomaus.
In the event, my boss prevented me from attending that meeting. In fact he sent me an email saying that not only would he not sanction my travel expenses to attend the meeting, but that he specifically would not allow me to attend. When I asked him why, he would only say that he reckoned it was more appropriate for himself and another person (a colleague of mine) to attend.
Every once in a while, I squeeze in a science documentary or two, although I haven’t been able to finish an online course in astrophysics I started, well I’m too embarassed to say how long ago I started it, since I haven’t finished yet.
Was Home
SONG: “Staying Alive”
Julien opened the door. Benjamin turned quickly, scowling.
And in the end, I know that my work, my work ethic and my life as an artist are all pretty suteki.
The excellent Time To Depart is easily the best track on From The Edge Of The Universe, an insistent and rampaging littering of splintered beats and shards of acidic melodies upon the senses. The song has a force and inventiveness reminding of the recent Cynical Existence album, wrapping around the heart with a mesmeric shower of melodic light whilst poking and puncturing it with violating evil stained fingers of intensity.
Balance Beams is a documentary about the 2002 AMPLIFY music festival in Tokyo, Japan, curated by experimental music label Erstwhile Records, who later released the film as part of a box set commemorating the fest. This will probably seem like an obscure choice to anyone not already well-versed in the kind of music favored by Erstwhile, and it's not a film that got much notice outside of the insular community of electroacoustic improvisation. It certainly deserved more attention, though: there is no film that does a better job of capturing the unique philosophy and approach to music that characterizes the group of musicians documented here, who represent the best that this community has to offer. It is difficult to encapsulate this diverse body of musicians under a single rubric, but they are all improvising in a post-jazz context, often using either customized electronic devices or traditional instruments which are played in non-traditional ways. There is a strong emphasis on communication between collaborators, and throughout the course of this festival, all the players rotated through various ad-hoc groupings to allow them to respond to a number of different contexts. It is resolutely abstract and difficult music, free from melody, rhythm, and any other traditional markers of musical vocabulary.
Hashmash is a neat little tool that displays a list of all hashtags associated with the hashtag you specify. Note that Twitter was down when I was writing this, so the photo below is an amalgum of the screenshot and csv output rather than what you actually see on screen for that hashtag
A couple of weeks ago I bought locally grown quinoa from Boulder Altan Alma Organic Farm at the Boulder Farmers Market. It’s a wonderful mix of white, black and red quinoa. Last night I used it to make a quinoa pilaf as a side dish for dinner.
In 1939, encouraged by MCA, he formed his own big band. They played at New York's World Fair, the Ben Franklin Hotel in Philadelphia, the Famous Door, at several other NYC clubs, toured, and made several recordings: That Da-Da Strain (CBS Portrait 44071) which included two Hackett favorites: Embraceable You (his theme song) and Ja-Da. (Another rendition of Embraceable You from this period appears on OKeh 4877 (1939), as well as on the 4/38 Condon recording.) But, within six months the group was in the red and forced to disband. Owing MCA nearly $3000, and desiring to marry his childhood sweetheart, Bobby took a well-paying job with Horace Heidt's Musical Knights. Aside from the good pay, the Heidt band spent the summer on Nantucket Island, providing Edna and Bobby the opportunity for an inexpensive honeymoon. In mid-1940 he took leave from the Heidt band to record, along with Billy Butterfield, the sound track for the film 'Second Chorus', starring Fred Astaire.
My all-time favorite Looney Tune character was Foghorn Leghorn. “I say, I say, Boy!” He usually walked around, humming “Camptown Races.” There were other characters in this cartoon, such as Barnyard Dawg, Henery Hawk, Egghead Jr. and Miss Prissy. Once in a while his college friend, Rhode Island Red, would stop by. I enjoyed Miss Prissy, the widowed hen who had a crush on Foghorn. She was always after him. Foghorn was a huge rooster, and had the best one-liners of all time. I cracked up. I didn’t know what he meant some of the time, but I think he was the one who taught me sarcasm. I think my quick-wit came from Foghorn. What an inspiration. It didn’t work in school, though, when we had to discuss who our hero was. I remember the teacher going around the room, asking each student who was their hero. I was ready. I was tired of hearing about Mom or Dad or Grandpa who was in the war. It was my turn. I had an awesome hero.
I have known people who were addicted, and there was a point when I was addicted (although, in my own defense, at that time, I was in a very bad relationship and I took all opportunities to get out of the house that we shared… so of COURSE I spent a lot of time at the gym making myself far more attractive to potential saviors from said bad relationship…), and I’m not trying to be that way again.
What can we expect from evil clones who wallow in falsehoods and darkness?
1 _a
Here, the Apostle is demonstrating that the priesthood of Melchizedek (Christ) is a greater priesthood than that of Levi, because Levi (existing in “seed” form in Abraham) paid tithes to Melchizedek. If the lesser is true, then surely the greater is true. Christ’s priesthood is greater.
Roasted Red Pepper Vinaigrette
KE: Then it’s correct to say, we can never get rid of the polarities?
Sony ebookstore: 9780062060570 (US)
‘What’s that smaller black thing towards the back of the bench then? It’s got a little cut-out cardboard man next to it.’ Oh, that’s the first sculpture in the series that I finished last week. I put the little man next to it to give the impression of the work being perhaps five or six metres tall and made of bronze. This is for when the world finally recognises my genius and I get regular commissions for monumental works to go in public spaces in New York, Tokyo, Moscow, Sydney, Edinburgh, Paris… Sorry what were you saying? Oh, yes, just think of these pieces as maquettes for full size versions in the future…
I’m honestly not sure how much this post will help people. Hopefully, I am not the only one previously oblivious to this obvious piece of information. With that said, tree identification is a wonderful way to add depth to perception of the natural world around them. You don’t call all your friends Bob or Sue, and you know how different each friend is. The trees, ferns, flowers, birds, etc. are the same and learning at least a little something about them enhances the exploratory experience, even if it’s just learning that not all your friends are fat or skinny! Happy trails, guys.
Compared to the awful Mercy Trauma feels like the greatest show to have ever existed but it’s nothing more than a competent action medical drama that goes through a series of motions we’ve seen a thousand times before. For Trauma to really take off the cast are going to have to do a lot of heavy lifting. These characters are going to have to pop a bit more than they did in the pilot and make us really care about them if Trauma is to have any kind of shelf life.
1st Place (Chosen by DT) - $15 Merchandise Gift Voucher and Winner Badge
There may be a treat to humanity with advancements in artificial intelligence. According to some of the leading researchers in the field of biometrics, artificial intelligence, and computer science are saying that superhuman intelligence has not evolved. Dr. Roman V. Yampolskiy, a leading researcher has mentioned that the military industrial complex is investing billions in artificial intelligence research. Yampolskiy also mentions in an interview with Alex Jones of the myth that AI will be designed to be violent and aggressive, but makes good for a theatrical hollywood performance. But he knows that this technology can be catastrophic if left in the wrong hands.
So the urge for the next couple of whiles is to hunker down, to burrow in, to cover ourselves with leaves. Humph. And to cook cold-weather soups on Big Bertha, the new stovetop.
We also popped open some wine (yeah, it was about 7:00 a.m.) that Barbara had bought in Germany a few nights prior. The description said "apple wine." It tasted more like piss wine. Barbara took one sip and was done. I think Ben and Matt finished a little of their glass while I, like a trooper, downed mine. I just didn't breathe and pretended that it tasted like Welch's grape juice.
Initial name submitted: Too Bad She’s Bad (approved)
Governor Christie has proposed in his tool kit to allow Local Service municipalities to opt out of Civil Service. This, undoubtedly, would increase the abuses. teachers tenure, although not part of Civil Service, works in a similar way and is also a target of the administration with the complicity of a number of democrats in the Legislature.
A Brit, a Frenchman, and a Russian are viewing a painting of Adam and Eve frolicking in the Garden of Eden.
* “Live In A Hole”
I can't wait to see the other Crumb quilts that will get posted over at the Crumb Quilt Check in today, including Jo's latest. Go on over and check them out, I bet there are some spectacular ones in all different colors!
Master of Shadows is due out August 2, 2011 by Angela Knight. Tristan, a knight of the round table and the stunning witch La Belle Coeur work hard to prevent a war of races. Tristan has been spurned by love before so we’ll see how this works out for him.
Warmed up with 1km on the rower. Took 5:40 at level 7. Keeping really focused on using my legs not my arms.
Here’s a wonderful quote that reminds me of my situation.
We do not grieve as those who have no hope, but we do grieve. When my mother died I explained to myself that death was inevitable, normal and part of life and this is what I should expect to happen at my stage of life. My heart said otherwise however. It refused to listen to this rattling rationalization and would not allow itself to come to terms with the atrocity that had befallen it. My mother was not meant to die. No one was meant to die. Death is a catastrophe that falls like a pall across the inheritors of the knowledge of good and evil. But it should never again be accepted as normal. Jesus has risen from the grave and sits at the Father’s right hand.
A rhetorical battle erupted recently in Sarawak when a BN component party chief James Masing, claim that the people should not `lawan taukeh’(fight the boss). He went on to ask the people not to bite the hand that feed them. The argument did not go down well with many parties especially the unhappy electorate, including his adversaries in the BN parties. It was however a good opportunity for the Oposition to challenge him to a debate that he would not have the gut to attend. For a while the people are the boss. They just need to keep to this new understanding to realise democracy in Sarawak!
Thank you all so much for your support and your kind words!
Every time he's gone to nursery this winter he's ended up with some form of contagious disease that makes it so that he can't go back for two weeks. He was healthy enough to attempt nursery again on Sunday, and when I got out to the car and saw my boy (Michael picks the kids up from their Sunday School classes, as I tend to be accosted in the hallways regarding various music issues), he pointed to his head and said, "Bonk." As in, "I bonked my head."
I was never comfortable in my own skin. I always fell awkward, not the awkward that comes with regular adolescence. It was more than that, I never felt like I belonged where I was. I still don't a lot of the time. In school I felt like my joining things was always forced and uncomfortable. Outside of school I didn't feel shy just, always out of place. There was only once place in the world where I didn't feel out of place, East Dennis on Cape Cod.
The first chapter is the appetizer—small, yet so tremendously important. And so full of potential.
Come to think of it, Mags does not sincerely have the desire to stand in the hot sun all day, potentially lugging two equally hot and cranky children who are usually only placated by more costly festival food items, or lugging an equally hot and cranky husband who is only placated by more costly festival beer items.
But in the end, we just walked past and kept on going.
4. It advocates good things like self-control (e.g. the Cullens refusing to drink human blood, Edward's wish for sex only after marriage) which - lets be honest - a lot of teens need to learn.
Tree of smoke
This went on from 1929 to 1974. We’re never told in any news piece to date how and/or why this practice came into effect, who formed the eugenics panels, and whether or not it’s even still on the books in any states (which obviously I would hope not). Also, it begs the question that if several states (20 to 30 I think based on previous articles on this subject) conducted clandestine sterilization programs, someone in the government must have approved it or at least known about it considering so many states participated.
To the extent that I’m NOT happy, maybe it’s because of ‘him’ – and it is wearing off. I can’t understand the effect – some complicated chemical reaction in the brain, I guess – but I can feel it. This was someone I loved more than anyone (except maybe my cat). Eventually I realised that he was an incurable liar, cruel, egocentric, an actor who couldn’t stop acting even when the lights went down. Worse than that, I realised that he was, in a way, stupid. What else do you call it when someone can’t look outside themselves to see the inevitable effects of what they’re doing, when someone can’t understand you no matter how you try to explain, but falls back on tired clichés like ‘I suppose you’re a saint, then!’ and ‘women are always trying to control me’. More than anything in this world, I get tired of stupid people, people who refuse to really see, hear, think.
With aging, gone are the days of youth. Some of us bemoan the loss of exuberance, passion, good looks, healthy bodies, and meaningless simple fun. But these things are not gone by any means. The only thing that has to be gone is youth and that is not really a bad thing.
I realize right now I suck as a blogger, but you know my life is kinda sucky a lot of days, so it's hard to want to sit down and write anything. The last time I wrote was 2 months ago and my life was on hold, well basically it still is, though I am trying to get unstuck. My mom has made tremendous progress since her stroke at the end of March, she doesn't realize it, but she has. I've put most of my life on hold since then, but I am realizing that I am not making anyone happy by doing that. So I am trying, I can't promise it'll be better tomorrow, the next day or the next, but I am trying. If I continue to let this get me down all the time, I'll self destruct. I am unhappy and I know it, so I want to try to change it. So really this post will be just a random list rather than bore you with all the drama of life.
My Princess
For instance, the person that orders and enjoys the varying flavors of differently roasted coffees (without sweetener, milk, or cream), can taste and appreciate a subtle beer or wine flavor. Or how a red wine person can easily appreciate a Belgian-style beer. Taste over effect. These folks tend not to drink to excess, and tend not to be smokers. They savor their food and beverages.
(distance running) + (distance walking) = 20 miles
As you can see, I do delight in the DIY ethic and will keep it up as long as I can.
between 4 and 7 members, and there was also a bit of experimenting with
I told him what was going on.
This was when the biggest tragedy of the evening struck: The chicken was bone dry. It tasted like sawdust with Italian seasoning on it. Ugh. Never mind that the steady stream from the roof had turned into a deluge, forcing Mr. Washington, Mr. Livingstone, The International Man of Intrigue, and Ed to empty 10 gallon buckets and 16 gallon tubs, lest they overflow and add to the lake forming on the tile floor of the formal dining room. The chicken was dry, people. Dry.
but, it knows!
Two orderlies came out to the cab as soon as we pulled up. They were solicitous and intent, watching her every move.
And, by the way, this particular outing was chosen by some American visitors I know through an online forum, who'd been persuaded that they ought to see a panto while they're in London. None of the Londoners in the group knew anything about it.
things will be fine again. at least, i hope.
Look at this section I used in yesterday's post:
And she even gave me some cute flower clips. I think these would look adorable on a headband. (Sorry the picture is blurry. My camera was dead so I was using my phone.) Thank you so much Elisabeth!
Part 6 is between the villages of Bywell and Riding Mill passing through Stocksfield, Broomleyhope Wood, Broomley and then passing through Whiteside Wood into Riding Mill.
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I’m not going to comment on a particular bill right now. Let me speak to the broader point that you’re asking about, April.
“In the Eastern rites the Christian initiation of infants also begins with Baptism followed immediately by Confirmation and the Eucharist…” (Section 1233)
DE: Quite a lot, though I’m not trying to write disguised autobiography. I like to draw on what I’ve seen and heard, people I’ve met and places I’ve been to. But these elements are usually only a starting point. For instance a favourite short story is told from the viewpoint of a young Liverpool woman. Writing allows us to escape from the prison of self.
This is the year that I will accomplish so much . . . I will live more . . . I will do more . . . I will be more . . . I will love more!
What to do when class gets boring?
The aging former beauty queen contestant says her father owns a fishing boat and plans to take my father’s ashes out to sea.
Information is life
“Amen to that, my new sister. Amen to that.”
I love the Camera, the way it can turn around and photo the photographer..alarming but clever.
After decades of appeals, the clemency hearing is Smith’s last chance to make a case before the board as to why he should not be executed.
Oh, hellz yes, we are headed out for a SPANKIN good time, thanks to a free credit card miles ticket and a golden opportunity to head out to Ms. Noxious's 40th birthday celebration.
Right, I’m off to my sister’s for the weekend, so I’d better get my skates on! I hope it’ll be OK there with the least amount of anxiety as possible. It’s been a week since I saw my nieces so am looking forward to seeing them. The eldest is just over a year and a half old and is so funny. My sister called me the other day and put her on the phone with me. I was talking to her and she heard it was me and was cracking up laughing and saying my name without my sister even saying it was me. Then I was asking how her day was at nursery and she was just speaking gobbledygook with me, it was so funny. But to her, it’s like she was telling me how her day was fully. The youngest baby is about 9 weeks old now and you can get her to smile a lot, it’s really cute. They keep me going, they really do.
At this point, you’ve probably got two choices: Throw yourself on the mercy of your fellow survivors, and hope they need an extra hand to stand guard, keep the fire going, dig latrines, or just be the one to outrun in the event your group’s being chased by a mob of zombies.
and have a small amount of guests.
For Matthew's preschool parties, there is always a sign-up sheet for what goodies to bring. But by the time I got to the sign-up sheet for the Valentine's Day party, the only things left open were "fruit" and "jello". Not wanting to just bring fruit, I signed up for jello.
Silvia Federici: Wages against housework (1974). This text is important, drawing on the Italian autonomist theorisation of the social factory out of the workerist current of the early 1970s, as well as the black and feminist critique of orthodox Marxism associated with the Marxist-Humanist tradition of CLR James, Raya Dunayevskaya and Selma James.
Juliana de Dios is her name, and she is Basilio’s girlfriend. She is also the youngest daughter of Kabesang Tales.
My interests trended toward Legos, GI Joe, computer games, and airplanes and not so much to princesses, Disney movies, ballet, and ponies. So, it made sense that God, sensing my aptitude for being a boys’ mom, would give me sons.
I believe in imprinting babies, so they know what expect. So I put out appropriate reading material for them to peruse while they eat breakfast. I thought a good article about Grimm would be interesting. Hopefully they won’t be too scared about running into a Klaustreich. They already were a little doubtful on the way home when I made them listen to the Black Keys. Gold on the Ceiling was okay, but when Lonely Boys started, they peeped loudly in protest. Sigh. Oh well, at least I didn’t crank it…
18. The legendary thriller and suspense director Alfred Hitchcock did not win any Academy Awards while working with Universal.
Obama’s campaign has made very few missteps to this point, and I’m guessing that they won’t start screwing up now. They can't panic because McCain has gotten a bounce; it's likely to be very temporary. If they stay on message and don’t let McCain remake himself as some sort of maverick above the fray while his minions deal in innuendo and labels, Obama should have opened up a decent lead in key battleground states within the next 30 days.
My experiences as a young wife and mother prompted me to keep a diary. My diary unfolded into a blog where it was met with such positive feedback that I decided to turn my experiences as a young wife and mother into a book titled Diaries of a teenage Bride.
When I gave January's theme more thought many more winter warming ideas came to mind ... because sometimes we just can't always make it to those sunny destinations be it our busy schedules, work issues or budgets that hold us back, there are plenty of ways to warm up at home.
Thanks for a reply and to your credit it had been made public. The issue I have is that it looks like you left out the rest of the story for the sake of convenience leaving it opened to an attack from a wrong angle.
What about humor and laughing? Can it be used to regulate our emotions in responses to stress? Folk wisdom says laughter is the best medicine and that humor soothes the soul. Indeed, while looking for media to use for a research project, I came across the stand-up comedy of Richard Pryor (yes, this was for a scientific pursuit, I promise!). Infamous for his raunchy, ground-breaking routines about race relations and sex, it came as a pleasant surprise when I heard his take on romantic relationships and heartbreak. In fact, watching Pryor’s exaggerated imitation of a heartbroken man accidentally wandering into the street and getting hit by a bus made me laugh so hard that I immediately sought out other comedic routines about relationships (Louis C. K., Kevin Hart, and the late, great, Patrice O’Neal are
CeNsoriNg, what the hell are you talking about? Have you read the article? What do you expect people to do? Laugh and give high fives? If you don't get upset after reading something like this, you might have a problem.
Lenght: 28 1/2 inches, Brand GUESS, Color MILITARY MELANGE, Shoulder to shoulder: 18 inches Waist: 22 inchesArm pit to arm pit: 22.5 inchesLenght: 28.5 inchesSleeve: 26 inchesSIZE XLARGE
The counterpoint is that I start other topics, like kinetic molecular theory, very broadly. I can't say for sure why some topics need to be narrower but it is some combination of how much background knowledge students come in with, how well our classroom experimentation can differentiate between competing claims, and how much time I'm willing to devote to testing competing ideas.
- 3 parts ketchup
Pump Gloves add Comfort, Class and Style to Pumping Gas. Available in Classic Black or Light Gray, the gloves are machine washable and one size fits all. And at only $14.95 pair, they are also affordable for everyone on your gift list.
We were out for a record run.
Shredded Coconut, optional
And glittering towns, and gilded streams, till all
McMillen proposes something out of the Sarbanes-Oxley law he voted for while in Congress.
Willow Weep For Me
Our body actually needs good fat (from the right source of oil and fat) in our diet.
Wuthering Heights, Emily Brontë
Which version of Van Halen are you a fan of?
University of Mississippi head coach
*I'm done with the psychologist. She said that I have a clean bill of health--I'm certified "sane". (Shows what she knows.) I learned a lot about myself and I learned a lot about how to be emotionally healthy. I've had a bunch of temptation to return to the old ways of handling things, i.e. by...you know...not, but I've been good about checking in with myself, being real about how I feel about stuff, being kind to myself, not letting myself get wrapped up in anyone else, addressing issues as they arise instead of letting them fester and create resentment, chilling out about some stuff and generally taking care of myself. I've dealt with my past as much as possible and fear no longer rules my life at all. I wish I had done all this stuff years ago. Less than a year ago, I was suicidal. Now, I'm happier than I have ever been in my adult life and nothing has really changed except for my attitude and how I deal with setbacks and disappointments.
The deep cake tin turned out to be a mistake - it was well-burned on the outside, but still wobbled when you shook the tin. The arrival of visitors in the crucial last 10 minutes of baking resulted in it being VERY dark around the edges. But inside was soft, golden, moist and lemony. Forgot to take a photo of it :-(
3 Ways to Demonstrate Acceptance Toward Your Husband
Now women love back stabbing, some do it after a lot of planning while the others do it innocently without even meaning to. You just can’t blame us! There is no way that your issues which you secretly spilled into my ears will ever remain a secret for it is statistically proven that an average woman can keep a secret for 48hours. Well we don’t have to keep a secret because within those 48 hours, the woman who told the secret in the first place has gone around spreading it herself and is expecting no one to spill it. Yes we are full of complexity. The only way of trusting me with a secret is if that secret has me involved in it in a way which makes it too ugly to be shared.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls
The Wileman Elementary School Walking Club has been enjoying this stretch of warm weather.
The recipe I'm posting here uses cocoa powder instead of chocolate, and the end result has a bit more texture, but it's a little less sweet, which is my personal preference. Either way, you absolutely cannot go wrong with freshly ground roasted hazelnuts and chocolate!
God is a team player and coach of sorts. He is looking for a team who will be willing to step onto what looks and feels like mined playing fields with the goal of carrying the balls to goals which are shrouded in heavy fog.
(Thanks to Kevin Wade Shaw for the link!)
He doesn’t have the Ozzy Osbourne stutter I was expecting. He doesn’t smell of booze, or lack attention span. He is clean cut to a degree only a fifty year old man can get away with - hair impossibly short and gelled at the same time. He speaks English with a slight suburban California grate to his accent.
There was a bit of trial and error involved here. I followed the instructions on the website, except that we had already removed the skin from the pieces of meat. Oh yes, and the website said to trim the meat to a nice rectangular shape. No way - I'm not wasting any potential bacon in order to have my meat look tidy. Every bit of our meat became bacon, and the slices are . . . rustic . . . in shape. Fine with us; we'll call this "Artisanal Bacon" and pretend we paid more for the trendiness of it. LOL
Despite premature obituaries by many political pundits, the party appears to be on the move. Organizational they have been holding cross country conversations with supporters and fundraising campaigns have improved dramatically. It appears that they have finally realized that grassroots supporters are the key to
They have sold over 375 Million albums worldwide, making them the 4th best-selling artists in music history, behind only The Beatles, Michael Jackson, and Elvis Presley.
obey that law, and we will obey whatever legislative and executive
U.S. Department of the Treasury
Ranadivé was seventeen when he arrived in Boston from Bombay. Back then, the rupee was not an easily converted currency. He was the well-off son of hardworking parents, but he had to beg the head of the Reserve Bank of India for dollars so that he could go to Boston. See, he told the man, he had seen this documentary about a school in Cambridge called MIT. It was a wonderful place where instead of listening to lectures, the students created things, built things, did things. Ranadivé wanted to be a part of that. He had to go. It was obvious to him. He had been accepted by MIT, but there was the currency problem. The banker relented, kind of. He gave Ranadivé enough dollars for one semester. Four years later, he graduated.
Right now, I just know that God’s grace is saving me from insanity. In fact the other day I just decided in the grand scheme of things, worrying about my job just isn’t worth it. I’ve deemed it unimportant right now.
Organization:
We have some work to do on our website, so for now facebook is our bag.
We came. We ate. We left.
protecting their spawn, and yet would leave our own to die in the gutter. Intra urinas et faeces are you aborted. Look. Darwinian bankster zero sum gaming Malthusianism, the devil’s light giving hand job knob, a great big cock up round which we are supposed to gather. A bit of advice lads, go spend your effort on those who will die and stop trying to function in the attention economy’s alter space, for you will be culled once your usefulness to the moneyreligiokriminals is over. Become human not a hearder.
This page is a mixture of Main Kit as well as Flower Add On and Embellishment Add On.It also includes my molding clay (purple flowers)
Like many artists, Baldursson performs in several bands at the festival, most notably with Steintryggur, who offer a gripping fusion of Indian samples, excellent drumming and a singer who plucks a jaw harp. As they play to a packed warehouse, a group of children no older than seven watch rapt at the front of the stage, proving that, given the chance, the young are more than happy to embrace alternatives to the saccharine dross usually targeted at them.
~Cong. Manny Pacquiao on being a reformed “Catholic Christian”
Cleaned a lot of plates in Memphis,
A state of great excitement could be felt at Headfunk Towers last week with the release of Hidden, the first full album from Dutch Afrobeat/Jazz/Funk adventurers Jungle By Night. Last year’s eponymous mini-album was a firm favourite, with it’s deep Afro influence placing it somewhere between the dancefloor and headphone nodder material. That release set a marker, could Jungle By Night continue the upward trajectory of this template?
“Don’t you go stressing about age gaps again. We’re fine.”
Songs are also like old friends. I cannot hear Sweet Caroline without thinking of my friend Dona who sang it to me every time we saw each other after a separation. Some people have many songs that remind me of them and give me a smile. Great Big Sea got me through some hard times and I can't hear their recording of "Lukey's Boat" without tapping my toes and smiling. I think music is the human race's best gift. Not everybody enjoys art or reading or hockey or any of the many other creative pursuits we all have inside but almost everybody loves music. We may like different genres but we all love music. So many of the special times of our lives are bookmarked by the song that was playing at the moment. So often songs transport us back to that place, that time, the emotion we were feeling while it played as a backdrop for whatever we were doing and whoever we were with. It gets embedded like a gemstone in a special piece of jewelry that you take out and admire and wear, then tuck away until you're ready to remember again.
So I'm sat here on the floor in my empty bedroom sans laptop while I let everyone else do everything. I have the two cats in with me, who are seriously unimpressed by all the goings on. I did manage to clean the bathrooms this morning then my groin started aching so I stopped doing anything. Literally I am not getting involved. This is the first time in my life I have just sat back and let others get on with it. I am inherently the organizer, the doer the one who is in the middle of it all. For the first time I have chosen or actually have been forced to let that go; I am now seeing S in a whole new light. I've always assumed that I'm the one that needs to be doing these things, because I'm the one who will do them properly. Sitting back and watching him do things and be in charge, while at first frustrating, is an incredible lesson for me. I don't do things any more properly than he does - we just do things differently. In fact given the opportunity to be in control S has more than done things properly. I feel like I've spent the last few years being a total controlling freak, which I have. Although to cut myself some slack I think S was always more than happy to let me be that controlling freak, because that way he didn't have to take responsibility for any of it. S has always been one to take the easy life. I know it sounds soppy but it's like seeing seeing S anew, and it makes me realize what an amazing man he his, and how lucky I am to have him. I knew that already, but sometimes it's good to be reminded.
Lynda MacGibbon is a transplanted Maritimer living in Toronto. Her column appears each Friday in the Moncton Times & Transcript. Email her at lmacgibbon@gmail.com and follow her on Twitter @lyndamacgibbon
BeaArthur22: LOL. OK, babes. Sa-weet.
Anyhoo swiftly moving back to my point, other aspects of my life that are falling nicely into place are my skating sessions, yesh I can finally skate at the weekend and during the week because my new work-shifts are 9-5 5 days a week...NICE :D
That compromise the
I couldn't wait to ink them up....
Through mail art exchanges in the 90's I became acquainted with a third of the true color artists. I still have all of their art cards and the richly embellished envelopes they sent me back in the day. Those alone would be fodder for a fabulous book!
But, I come to you today, my dear blogger friends, not only to apologize for abandoning the blogosphere (I do apologize - though I dare not guarantee you it won't happen again), but to ask all of you for your help and support. (Greedy bitch, I bet you're thinking, who does she think she is.)
Please share this article with anyone you know who has epilepsy or is affected by it; families who have lost a loved one to SUDEP know a painful truth that many whose family members live with epilepsy are still unaware of. This article, and the Making Sense of SUDEP campaign as a whole, are an attempt to make that truth known to other families so they may have a frank and open discussion before tragedy strikes them as well.
We also loved a white topaz heart pendant, for $160.
Back now in wintry Perth and as always it was wonderful to be away and just as good to return home.
“The Earth has cancer and the cancer is Man.”
When I saw the headline that Whitney Houston Is Dead at 48, I was stunned ,I felt like I lost a friend or family member. I'd seen her struggle with drugs and obsessive love and while I may have commented on it without much compassion I never wrote her off.
Maneka
I know I have been remiss in blogging and I apologize.
I am so happy to be helping out a friend with her sister's baby shower that is coming up in March. Her sister likes elegant styles, so we are doing a more refined couple's baby shower - no passing around diapers and baby food at this party! A black and white damask print is the basis of our decorating theme. Since Justine (the momma to be) is not going to find out the sex, we went with a sunshine yellow accent - gender neutral and a great color for Spring!
Interesting that not so very long ago, the accepted length of a children's book was twenty-five thousand words. Anything much longer and the publisher would reject it. Then along came J.K. Rowling....
Become a hub of innovation for
12-10-08 Form: 0U36245/U2121121U/422434/P3600/2102001-P3463F/52PP0 Owner: Vida Bingham
black + white + green/blue/purple = grey.
walk through the door
They begun their Vlogging as a more personal way of keeping in touch as they live a fair distance away from each other. This developed into the popular Vlogs that thousands of Youtube fans enjoy to this day.
Yay! Anna!
F. Paul Wilson isn't one of the top writers out there. There are infelicities of language here and there through the book, but not enough to detract from the overall flow and interest of the narrative. The story is compelling, the events as they unfold fascinating, and the twist he has developed on the legend both interesting and begging further exposition--the whys and the wherefores left unexplained here seem to require further development.
You’ll be much happier riding through your social life slow and easy.
I hope to be able to start prepping our garden this weekend as some years we start beets, radishes, spinach, and other greens by mid march. It has snowed recently so I don't know for sure if the ground will be dry enough to start in the next week. We will do a post on checking to see if soil is ready to plant soon.
- My wife says: Why did Shane and the other guy come back to life without being bitten? Did he get bitten, was there a scratch?
But on Monday, some more key pieces to the puzzle began falling into place. The brewery took delivery of six more tanks (fermenters and bright beer) from fabricators Paul Mueller Company of Springfield, Missouri.
Some 303,959 primary care physicians are members of either an independent practice association or a physician hospital organization, according to our research for the National Directory of Physician Organizations Database.
But then I moved onto Suprêmes de Volaille aux Champignons.
The girl is soon cornered by these masked men and shot, and the scene is witnessed by Pierre (Rollin's half-brother Olivier), who escapes and follows the masked men back to a mansion, which he decides to investigate. His inquiry leads him — in a sequence that prefigures Stanley Kubrick's Eyes Wide Shut — to a suicide cult that seems to be connected to his father Georges (Maurice Lemaître). The plot never even remotely makes any sense, but it doesn't really need to: Pierre just wanders around, stumbling into trouble, witnessing what seems to be a war between his father and some mysterious supernatural beings, who are struggling over control of the girl in orange, who's not dead, it turns out, because she's supposedly a vampire. There are countless absurdities along the way, like the fact that when Pierre calls his painter friend Robert (Pascal Fardoulis) for help, Robert first dresses up in a tuxedo before going to get his friend.
Ad Age had a very interesting piece on the effect of social media on politics. The conclusion they reached was that social media has not had nearly the impact claimed on politics in the US.
The team focused their attentions on the gene that controls levels of serotonin, a chemical in the brain which regulates mood and emotions.
To honor my all-time high giddiness at this very moment, I thought a random post would be fitting since I can't seem to concentrate on anything right now.
You can see what a professional food photographer I am by the red beet stains on the white plate.
(3) and to the ever-faithful Lee Greenwood for his voice on behalf of America’s troops and their families.
8:46
Perhaps an answer to this is that the Grim Reaper argument is only intended to demonstrate that there cannot be an infinite sequence of causes for a single effect. That isn’t quite right either though, since the argument Pruss presents is more nuanced that that. For, according to him, it is possible to have an actually infinite sum of objects existing all at once, and thus actual infinities of this sort are possible. Moreover one can say, in response to my thought experiment, that the mereological sum of all Grim Reapers is what caused Fred to die without any apparent difficulty.
Do you dream of the glamorous life of an author? Would you like to spend long hours huddled, unshowered, in front of your computer? Then, my friend, I've got good news. Two awesome conferences are just around the corner.
3. Our Father
3/4 tsp xanthum gum
It wasn't until the second morning that I saw what was happening in Daved's 'open space' of the day before. As I sipped my hotel coffee, and pulled out some blank Zentangle tiles, we began a chat. He described to me a tangle that had come to mind in that open space of the day before. He hadn't put it to paper, and I was seeing that he would leave that up to me:)
The cha chaan tengs emerged after the Second World War. They provided lunches for the scores of factory workers who were at the heart of Hong Kong’s new manufacturing boom. These workers had relatively short lunch breaks and therefore looked for restaurants that could offer them homely and wholesome food quite quickly.
c. Choose 1 of the cards you made for the call and write up a “how to” sheet on it. (Simple instructions and a supply list) To get an idea of what we are looking for, take a look at the latest issue of the Royal Inklings Magazine here: http://www.4shared.com/document/-LMRXnbw/RI_Nov10QKDpdf.html
Chapter 1. The Signal!
A few years ago I wrote about Richard Stanley’s Vodou documentary, “The White Darkness.” I wanted a copy but could not find it on DVD for sale after watching it via Netflix.
I’ll start off with some of the more direct lessons I’m taking away from the newsroom. I mean, after working at a community paper for four months, I’m not sure it’s possible to leave without gaining some practical journalism and job skills.
The work our Master bids us do,
Goldstein described a visit earlier in the day from conservative columnist George Will, an opponent of eminent domain, who's presumably writing about the eminent domain cases in New York. "I think… it’s nice to be unified, across the political spectrum, on an issue… I have enjoyed talking with everyone, from left to right, because I think the people agree on this issue, and it’s unusual."
I also finished reading an old classic - Madeleine L'Engle's Wrinkle in Time - very good book, but a bit slow in parts. I dragged myself through the second book - A Wind in the Door - a very slow read and not much of anything actually happens in the book - a little disappointing. We'll see what happens in the next one.
So I thought I’d go ahead and move on to the next type of recipe – the baked version. I took the cookie sheet with the pecans and put it into a 350 oven for about 12 minutes. Then I cooled the pecans again. This time the honey was more of a brittle texture, but the pecans were a bit overdone. Closer… but not quite perfect. I’ll have to continue to noodle on this one – any comments are welcome!
that I am only HUMAN and I couldn't keep up with perfection.
No matter how many times I try to explain it, the nature of my call schedule still seems to confuse a lot of my friends and family members who aren’t involved in the medical field. I guess for a normal person, having a 30-hour shift every 4 days is just too absurd a concept to wrap one’s mind around (as it should be.) Most people are puzzled by how sleeping around such a schedule works. This is in fact a tricky dilemma for most residents I know, and few people seem to appreciate the complexity of it, so I shall try to provide some enlightenment on the subject.
* "Try our fresh Pannone! Rain-drenched in Manchester, they sparkle with entrepreneurial zeal! Only half the price of regular brands" (Mark Anderson)
My ankles were designed to be covered by Wellies worn as I muck out the cow and horse stalls.
the story is adorable, there’s a lot of humor, and the art is gorgeous so shoujo lovers should definitely read this!
Collins does a good job of building Katniss as a believable character and creating a strong, realistic bond with Peeta. The book is very accessible to a wide audience as it has a good deal of action, suspense, and even some romance for those fans inclined to that genre. Note, Collis does a good job of straddling the line with the romantic angle which could easily have turned many readers off. She never gets too sappy, but does give readers looking for romance just the right amount to keep them engaged.
That’s right, forest. The forest was built (planted?) roughly 70 years ago and has since become overgrown, but because it was a planned park it has lakes, several leisure and sports facilities and an open-air theatre. There are also canoes, kayaks, horses and pedalos for hire. Because it is massive, we have always been content to just ride our bikes and explore. The Amsterdamse Bos is gorgeous and it’s hard to believe there is such a tranquil place so close to the city, no wonder it has become the favourite place to visit amongst most our guests.
It’s just another challenge for me
3 - Astru Naming Ritual For Caresse (1:17)
No doubt the Cuban government was “also trying to penetrate our side” — recruit the Coast Guard officers as spies — Cason added, though the Coast Guard was aware of that and “picked their best people, really sharp.”
"So, you're doing it?"
It is through the commenting on the blog that we do this
1. Asked 3 of my trusted running friends what kind of watches they owned and how they felt about them. All 3 owned Garmins, but each owned a different model, which gave me a nice sample. All 3 were happy with their watches (minus a few minor glitches). Only one used her heart rate monitor (HRM), and mostly when she was backcountry skiing. Decided to skip the HRM, which costs an extra $50 and would be one more device to worry/think about.
While reading this morning all the writings of how this man has impacted many lives far and wide, I paused in wonder... just how many lives he must have had some part in leading to Christ. How many souls will rejoice and reunite with him one day because of his obedience to the Word of God?
Things were getting pretty touchy as this last shuttle got closer to empty. As you can see, I've advanced the back dowel over the backbeam, and toward the heddle. There's not much room in front of the heddle -- little more than the width of the shuttle. It's possible I could fit about a half-inch more of weaving on here, advancing the warp a little more and threading the shuttle through the skimpy shed at this point.
Unseen by her, he rolled his eyes. “Come on, baby... stop being such a tease!”
Born Yesterday
Today I took some high school boys from a local Communities in Schools project on a tour of my hospital unit in a likely vain attempt to interest them in nursing. One of the nurses in the education department regularly brings high school kids in to generate some interest in medicine as a future career. The groups vary in enthusiasm I was told and this one was only slightly more engaged than our sedated-into-unconsciousness patients.
If you all check out BirchBox and decide to join, - give me your email, and I can send you an invite... and get some points towards $$ in the BrichBix Shop :) That would be awesome!
So to is the subject of CAFR’s. Take away the distraction of the TV media, sex, drugs, sports and gambling… and the magic trick is revealed. It cannot be hidden any longer once the left hand sees what the right hand is doing. It just takes someone like me to uncover the trick and expose the truth.
To be discovered by those who can seek her.
And we pray for those who stare at photographers from behind barbed wire, who can’t bound down the street in a new pair of sneakers, who never “counted Potatoes”, who live in an X-rated world.
1 disruption
For my flower, I chose some Bo Bunny 3/8" double dot ribbons (in Coral and Sage) and sewed them together to make a flower. I then used some of the papers that I used for the base card and made two leaves which I rolled slightly and stuck down with foam pads. In the centre of the flower, I cut a flower from the papers and added a brad just to hide all the messy bits! I'm very very pleased with the results and think the colours suit Ruby!
It is just another network with you can customise and share pictures (connected with Facebook or Twitter, of couse). But where you don’t use filters to change the pic appearance, here you can make Collages!! Like when you were at school!!
One last quick recommend for now is the Outcast Band whose album is perfect for lovers of the Levellers and the Waterboys. I would imagine they are even better live as this type of music is just made for a lively festival.
Billy left on Friday for a 15 day business trip to Asia. As luck would have it, the Aunties are also away for the long weekend, living it up in NYC. Usually weekends are family time for us so this weekend was pretty slow, what with no one around.
What is a Famine? Here are a few UN guidelines:
Thursday
So, at around 5:30, we wandered over to an almost empty Grand Army Plaza, where only Phillips Farms (Hunterdon County, NJ) and Lynnhaven Farm (Ulster County, NY) were operating stands.
When my children were small, I felt like I knew what I was doing as a mother. Like my Sister in Africa, I wore my babies in a sling on my hip or my back. I nursed them into toddler-hood. It felt natural, like they would be tethered to me forever.
People naturally listen to a story more easily than a step-by-step relating of an abstract thought, even though the abstraction will carry more useful information per unit of time. People will even listen to a long story if it appears to be going somewhere. With the longer time frame allowed a storyteller, more information can be delivered before an interruption. Ideas delivered in the form of abstract information will create thoughts and examples and counter-thoughts and counter-examples in the listener’s mind. They will then want to speak them out and will readily butt into an abstract statement. Whereas a story that seems to be going somewhere will not have a conclusion until the end, and so the listeners will tend to sit quietly and listen. Therefore, one should communicate abstract ideas by using stories and only at the end of the story have a memorable bon mot, a take home message, and an action which the listener can and will participate in after the conversation.
I adore accessories. Especially when you’re on a tight budget, as I’ve been in recent years, mixing it up with fab, affordable accessories can keep you looking and feeling au courant.
Me: “Stop farting in bed! That’s nasty! The fumes get trapped under the covers!”
I find myself humming it. It pops into my head off and on all day.
We're at 5,000 feet, with a fast decline ahead...every mile or two down feels a degree or two higher. MESAS!!! GERONIMO!!! There's a teepee on the mesa ahead! We're definitely getting closer to our goal! (I'm sure that most of what I saw along this stretch of highway was advertisement hype, but it certainly set the mood).
On the nose - Very special. Hyper-zingy grapefruit dominates the gloriously intoxicating vapour, these intense high notes hover above a firm but subtle biscuity malt base.
Have you heard of the Bechdel test? It's a test for women's representation in films. This video explains it all. I dare you not to try and apply it to every movie you see. And be saddened at the high failure rate.
They just erode.
My family has another tradition that I have never seen anyone else do. We literally bury our own. We all take turns with the shovels and fill the grave on our own. It is our way of paying our respect and saying goodbye. The best way I think we show our love is when we are at the cemetery we gather around our family graves and say a prayer. We thank God for sharing our loved ones with us and we pray for their souls.
Two goals from Ronaldo early in the match looked to have set Madrid well on their way to win the tie but an Arjen Robben penalty in the first half tied the match. Both sides played a fairly subdued second half after having an explosive start. Chances were few and far in between for both sides. Bayern looked like the more threatening side to find the winning goal.
María Sigfúsdóttir: We focus on the table. When we play live there is the table with all these small instruments. It’s almost like we’re cooking or making something.
So what can you ask and how should you interview an agent. That’s up to you. While I definitely suggest you take the time to talk with each interested agent on the phone, it’s also perfectly acceptable to email your questions. This way she can either reply via email, or has the questions in front of her during your phone call and you won’t feel like you’re peppering her with a million different questions.
In the case of Nightcrawler it is faith in God. However, in the case of the X-Men as a whole, it is faith in the dream and teachings of Xavier. They have faith that perhaps, by their examples of bravery, heroism, courage, and teamwork, people may see past their strange abilities and accept them as human beings. It is a dream that everyone has. A dream of a better world. A dream of acceptance. A dream of belonging. It’s the dream of Gandhi. It’s the dream of Dr. King. It’s the dream of Mother Theresa, Dietrich Bonheoffer, Martin Nielbaur and anyone else who has ever dreamed and fought for a better world.
We need to tidy up the scene for collecting societies, since they are so important for the future. There are far too many of them and it's difficult to deal with them when making cross-border arrangements. Effective licensing schemes are an absolute must.
I remember when 1st Fleet started and the trucks started popping up around Sydney and one of the drivers lived in our street. It’s a company that’s been going for at least 20 years and seems to have had a good business.
When you are angry, when you are sad
Wouldn't it be amazing if there was a list of options on your tax forms for you to indicate how you would prefer your taxes to be spent? You would simply check the box on the item/s you consider most important, and your tax dollars would be equally divided amongst them. The neo-cons could check military and defense spending, the bleeding hearts could check wellfare and low income housing subsidies, and anyone with half a lick of common sense and self preservation could check healthcare, roads, and EDUCATION. Then everyone would be happy and true Democracy would have its day in the sun. The end. Ok, so maybe I'm oversimplifying a wee bit...but there's merit in the concept, right?
"Come on boy, let’s get home".
Up in a window with only a net drawn across, a woman is moving against the light like a shadow caught in a box. Her skin is smooth, her hair dark, catching the light then losing it. Dancing to no music they can hear in the street, naked as a baby. Graceful, twisting her fingers in her hair, lifting it and letting it fall back to her shoulders. She sways and turns, her skin heavy and glowing in the streetlights, then she pauses, shadows playing on
The “everybody else’s team sucks” guy
thoughts and some really strong coffee.
THE PUBLICATION: The Sun
24. Craig Wedren - Wand
Please note this is a simultaneous submission. Thank you for considering Entropia.
WeenyOwl: Closing Speech by Kingsley Shacklebolt.
She looked me in the eye and named her price. I agreed without hesitation and she suggested I step inside to see 'the rest'.
Dr.: Really? Are you still keeping your mood journal?
To clean your bird feeder DO NOT USE SOAP! Use vinegar and water and shake it in the feeder. If there is mold in it, then add some grains of rice that will scrub it.
The only one I'm going to comment on is this one:
Cameras Have Come a Long Way
2 tbsp finely sliced almonds for garnishing
Think about it, you are at a party and you spot a fine specimen of the opposite sex, or same sex if you are that way inclined. You would like this person to be your lifelong partner/special friend for the rest of the night. If you know absolutely nothing about her it is going to be tough going, you are going to pussy foot around and you run the risk of throwing something out there that is going to get you slapped in the face.
He looked like he was from India.
The song goes “Mann se Ravan jo nikale, Ram uske mann mein hain”
Now, I will give Clarity it’s due — in the relationship of Clare and her ex, things are well-developed. There’s baggage and a history there, feelings are unresolved on both ends, there are obstacles, and a distance to cover to potentially get these two back on good standing, much more to get them romantically involved again. I really liked how that was handled. There were indeed plenty of issues just between those two people.
When I was trying to listen to music at work the other day (on Spotify), I realized I was having a hard time deciding what to play. There are literally hundreds of bands and musicians that I enjoy listening to, yet I couldn’t seem to come up with a single one specifically. This in spite of the fact that I have literally all music at my disposal. I realized the problem. I am programmed to select my choice of music based on what I have in my collection. I need that restriction; that limitation. I have to have a boundary of “this is what I have to choose from”, because without it, the choice is too overwhelming.
Now I'm not much of a white shirt wearer (for me they're a rare piece in my wardrobe, rather than an everyday occurence) but here are a few tips from my point of view on how to wear a classic white shirt:
REPUBLICAN SENATOR JIM DEMINT…
Well the college football season has ended and I'm not gonna lie it makes me sad. Sad enough that I really almost cried, I now have to wait 8 months for the next season which will seem like an eternity. But as I think about how long I have to wait I start to think about the kids who have just played their last game and college football will not return in 8 months. I'm thinking of one athlete in particular... he was one of those guys who gradually grabbed your eye. He did things on the field that seemed impossible. He made defensive coordinators lose sleep the night before a game. He was one of those rare abilities that only comes every 30 or 40 years.
So yea. Not a lot of eating from the menu plan went on last week. But that's ok because we only ate out once, which is awesome for us.
Seventeen curious seekers stayed behind. The young evangelist boldly proclaimed that he had heard from God. Although Roberts was unskilled in preaching, the pastor and those 17 church members began to burn with a fiery touch from God.
Can I say ‘actually getting a healing cool-down’? From Wrath to Cata, shaman didn’t have any really major functional changes but the addition of Spirit Link Totem during Cata definitely changed the game for most resto shaman.
The sentiment is an old cling stamp whose origin sadly has long been forgotten.
The shower, the shy walk across the bathroom floor,
I am sending you this query because buzz sells books, and Query Shark is the first step to building buzz.
A good home draw and hopefully on ITV1 as one of the live matches.
True, as I have already written about Oppede-le-Vieux and Vaison-la-Romaine, girlfriend is begging for her closeup at every corner. But something about this lovely lieu made me wonder if I opened a door I would find that it was only a stage set!
They’re looking for men, they say.”
Who did the red glow of elimination shine upon?
On 10 October 1924, Julia married Richard Augustus Clark while still living in Rome and the two moved to Mount Vernon, a northern suburb of New York City. In 1924, they gave birth to their first son, Brad, named after one of Julia's brothers. On 30 November 1929, a month after the stock market crash of 1929, Dick Clark was born.
Start with shoe color
So, from now on, I say Obama and any future elected President (including myself) is automatically responsible for his or her staff’s actions, until proven to be innocent. After all, he is the only guy we elected!
As a longtime houseplant lover and magazine garden writer, I enjoy growing rex begonias. They typically have intriguing foliage, so there is no need for blooms. I found these lovely two miniature rex begonias (one in a vintage Haeger pot) for just $3 each. I rarely find rex begonias in our area, let alone miniature ones. If I want them, I have to mail-order them, which is quite expensive.
This story is intersected with Marcel’s later life, when his childhood friend and first love Kiyomi asks Marcel if he can look after her daughter Iris while she rushes to her mother’s hospital bedside. Marcel is surprised and somewhat put out—surely there is a friend in New York who would be more suited to the task—but quickly becomes fond of Iris. Iris is just what Marcel needs to disturb his complacency, asking awkward questions out of a real desire to know what motivates him. As the novel progresses we learn (and sometimes unlearn) many layers of truth, and Marcel gradually discovers more about his identity.
This weeks meal plan is going to be a bit different. As part of my Thinking Slimmer journey, I am going to be setting myself weekly goals. I had a lovely chat with Sandra from Thinking Slimmer last week and smaller achievable goals will help me with my weight loss and keep me motivated. So from now on I will be adding these to my Meal Planning posts when I do them.
So glad that I am maintaining the loss.
-The Flaw Finding Kelley
The smoothness of the paper as my hand glides over it
In 2005 Lord Tebbit former chairman of the Conservative party told e-politix website , “Islam is so unreformed there have been no real advances in art, literature, science or technology in the Muslim world in 500 years, and multiculturalism was in danger of undermining UK society. In the 1980s he disputed the loyalty of immigrants who backed cricket teams from their countries of origin. He claimed if he had been heeded it might have stopped the London bombings. After which he declared that Enoch’s prophecies of racial civil war were right.
My wife and I attended the festival last year and had a really nice time. The festival beer list is mainly Northwest oriented but also features beers from around the country and a few international beers as well. The best part is when you need a break from drinking beer (and the crowd) you can go outside (weather permitting) and enjoy a walk in the beautiful Oregon Garden! It makes for a great time.
