A TV mounted on a wall is bringing class to the world of TV viewing and flat-panel television viewing has reached new heights with tilting and panning LCD wall mounted systems. Full platform units provides maximum viewing flexibility and for optimal viewing, please lower your browser’s text size setting.
Have a super great weekend and
I succumbed and bought myself a Kindle. I'm very aware that my reading has dropped off to virtually non-existent because I am addicted to technology. I would rather faff around on my phone or my iPad rather than pick up a book. This hasn't stopped me buying books, it's just that I buy them and tend not to actually read them. I am hoping this will now change.
I’m a huge fan of pork tenderloin. It’s a lean meat but has tons of flavor. Since the past few weekends have been nice, we’ve been on a “grilling” rampage so a pork tenderloin seemed like a good choice. Instead of just having a meat and potato kind of meal – we wanted to integrate some more vegetables. We belong to a fruits/veggie co-op so we had some fresh spinach to use this week. I’ll share a few pictures here and some general guidelines for putting this together. It was SUPER delicious, and reheated nicely for a bring to lunch meal. We picked two sides – mash potatoes and brussels sprouts – but you could easily trade out for 2 of your favorite sides!
Stores are selling out of GPS devices, sump pumps and related materials. The animals are being evacuated from Dakota Zoo, with zoos from North and South Dakota taking in the creatures. This is by no means easy. As one person put it, you can't just load a zoo animal onto a cattle truck. And of course, it's not just homes but many businesses which will be affected if the entire south side floods. Both cities are sure to see disruptions for months to come.
are so great?! Um, no, way! He calls us to care for his children. He is in the business of rescuing lives from separation from the Father.
Ink - Clearsnap
So, with that said, don’t let a daunting recipe stop you from enjoying the more exotic flavors in life! Explore the wide food world!
Tomorrow we will go back and relay the story from the start to Doctor 5 while looking at Radiologist 3’s scan.
Imagine the 155 aboard US Air flight 1549 as they plunged toward the Hudson River with the words “brace for impact” ringing in their ears. Who among them was not immediately and intimately acquainted with their personal mortality?
Consumerism in mod malls, says a famous, gifted Chinese architect (hutong-raised, trained at Berkeley, who hated the dead suburbs he saw in America, and now is head of architecture at MIT) — isn’t just a priority. Newness, consuming, is a way of life. Not of the opiate, brainwashing, shallow sort. Though it may devour 7 earths (that don’t exist), Chinese postmodern self-expression through consumerism is about choice where none existed before. It’s about experiencing freedom, exploring a new world. Life for once as a series of open possibilities.
But you see, I've got some shoulder problems that started back in March.
Aquarius is a surprising energy. As an air sign, it is logical and mental, but citizens of the earth born in this sign are very caring for their fellow man, and are willing to follow the most illogical flights to improve the world. From airplanes to iPods, Aquarian energy, with its willingness to entertain unconventional approaches to solving problems, determination, and mental agility, embraces technology and moves it along (and remember, this is a form of energy, like all the other signs–a person does not need to necessarily have a planet in Aquarius to enjoy this energy). This is the energy of Athena, goddess of war and craftmanship. Aquarian creativity is mostly practical, but it can also be wonderfully off-the-wall–think of pop art and post-modernism.
Didn’t manage to see the Rose-breasted Grosbeak that some in the group got, but did enjoy a moment with ‘Blinky’, the lost little Great Horned Owl that fell out of its nest in the ruins recently.
My son is in a situation right now where he doesn’t really mesh with the teaching style of one of his teachers, and consequently, his grades in that class are not what they should be. This is one of those “life lessons” moments you really hate as a parent, because you can say whatever you want about having to do your best work in difficult circumstances in life but your kid isn’t going to think: ”Wow, my mom is so much more mature and experienced than I am, and I should totally listen to what she says.” Your kid thinks, “I don’t like this class, and I’m not going to do the work. So there.”
WASHINGTON, DC -- The Distilled Spirits Council of the United States (DISCUS) has announced that Campari America has joined the trade association, composed of most major U.S. producers and marketers of distilled spirits.
I also realise that Amanda Hocking is probably not the best example to use – in the same way that J K Rowling was never the best example to use for “achieving success as a children’s writer”. Both are statistical outliers, but, equally, both have done, and are doing things that are groundbreaking, will shift boundaries and open doors. True, both had a product that the market was greedy for. True, not everyone can create a product like that. And, yes, luck inevitably plays a role.
This is an introductory image. Let me narrate the whole thing as I saw it.
4 medium-sized strawberries sliced
M10: 10:29
Recently I have been thinking about something I could do on this blog. There are so many options that sometimes it really does throw you off your balance.
I don’t know, honestly. There’s just something so alluring about having the one thing you’re not supposed to have, even if we know it’s not good for us…human nature, I guess. And it’s also the ultimate romantic notion - loving someone against all odds.
So the silky soft dough was made and then sprinkled with spiced sugar, raisins and rolled into small buns. They were left to rise and that's exactly when he called and told me he's on his way home. He reached home while the buns were baking and when I was in the Cinnamon haven! I was never a fan of Cinnamon and it worsened after moving to the United States. Now, after living here for sometime and eating the best possible Cinnamon Rolls from Tobies, I'm in love with Cinnamon.
As noted above, a historically finished event is eternally “present” to us through its effects and the ongoing presence of the Sacrificed One at Communion and before God as our Eternal Advocate and Propitiation. We offer a memorial sacrifice through words and actions that unite us and our worship to Christ's once-for-all Sacrifice.
what we see is a meal –
so on my night "off", ive been watch you tubes of my child....go figure.
this article is chock full of very very clear, evidence based information about attachment science and it's implications for parenting - one of the best, most accessible, comprehensive articles i've read:
Two Carlson Parkway North
this is what I listen to right now!
So why am I telling you all this? Because Dorie’s new book is just out. And while she certainly doesn’t need me to promote it—it’s getting great reviews, flying off shelves and just debuted on the New York Times How-To Bestseller List—it’s one I’m sure you foodie Francophiles will all want to own. It’s called Around My French Table: More Than 300 Recipes from My Home to Yours (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, New York, October, 2010). Amazon just named it the best cookbook of the year.
I am not the slightest bit surprised that this insane practice occurs. Neither am I surprised by the numbers reported recent in the press.
Now that she has been safely delivered to her friend's house (whose mom is nice enough to walk them to the bus stop and wait for the bus with them so I can get back home to the boys) I can return home to walk the dog, walk on the treadmill (wishful thinking) and get my first cup of coffee! AHHHH the smell of hot coffee at 5:45 in the morning...did I mention I do NOT want to be awake???? I am about as pleasant as Skyler at this point...which is usually when Aiden comes bounding down the stairs ready to take on the day...can you tell that Aiden IS a morning person????
After all, some of the oldest jokes in our culture are directed to people with large noses or enormous bottoms. What is the Venus of Willendorf if it isn’t a series of Benny Hill reduced to fit your hand? Unlike our primitive ancestors, we’ve simply moved on to laugh at oddly placed tattoos and tricks involving novelty sailor hats.
The fun isn't over yet!!
Barry, if you had cut spending, cut all taxes, cut regulation, cut the size of government, not declared war on private property, individual choice and businesses doing what they want (as opposed to doing what you want) the economy would be stronger. If you had done nothing, the economy would be stronger. Just because economies have a tendency to recover on your own does not negate the fact that your policies have done everything you could think of to halt, slow, and diminish that growth. If you and your Keynesian ilk are so stupid as to think you’ve helped, well then there is no hope for you whatsoever.
2 doused
Cut the 4 Roma tomatoes into 1/4" thick slices (left) and cut the mozzarella cheese into the same size slices (bottom)
You now have a choice to make. You can have zeal as Paul did before the Lord saved him, or to have zeal as he did as the apostle of Jesus Christ. His words from Titus 2:14 is that Jesus Christ wants to “purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works.”
The Smoke Free Work Place Act petition language was approved for circulation among the electorate by then Attorney General Jim Petro with NO PROOF of the statements made within that petition having been provided for review. See: Untimely Challenge
“you will wear them all as ornaments;
Alex and I took the kids to the YMCA when I got home because there's no better way to celebrate narrowly avoiding a major traffic accident than by running around an empty gymnasium with your family and yelling.
it is weighed and then you are charged based on what the scale says.
If you have the generic egg icon, anyone you tweet will automatically think you’re a spam account. Or at least that you’re very new at this and not worth following yet. This is especially true if you follow hundreds of people while only a dozen have followed back (more on that later). Why bother having this obstacle in your way? If you’re extremely camera-shy, use a picture that represents you. Typical alternatives include pets and favorite celebrities.
as you ran off to join your new friends on the carpet.
Our Challenge is being Catered by:
The final menu sheet is laid out and posted on the fridge, grocery store list is written - total time about an hour - time saved - A LOT!
It's a good job the M28 isn't a Motorway because we need to take this chance to push our movement into a complete U-turn from the path of capitulation which we having been speeding down for the past three months. UNISON branches in London local government - and Higher Education - who have members working alongside next week's strikers must apply ourselves imaginatively to the question of how we can help.
The new counters are also reversable, with a different use on either side, so you only need a handful printed out now- I took time to pair up useful things like 'hide' is the b side to 'reload', so the common counters are always near and handy.
This card is for someone who is reaching 40 soon as if you couldn't guess.
Doo dee doo!
Quite naturally this yo-yoing between two seasons can play lots of tricks on the brain, so until Spring descends once more and car journeys bring us views of lambs not falling apples such considerations can be tucked away somewhere and left to mellow a while longer.
In this mankind of contemporary gizmos and technologies,puters, laptops and electronic notebooks human already invaded figure of the aspects of our lives. They human someway played an strategic portrayal that fill cannot do without. That is why is also strategic that their attachments are bestowed aid and repair.
Taib succession plan
We still clicked when we met a week later. We were surprised by all we had in common. She loved the Gilmore Girls, and I got the DVD boxed set for Mother’s Day. We both loved china and crystal and parties. Colin Firth’s Mr. Darcy made us swoon. We complained about the same things too. It’s funny, but at this moment I can’t remember what.
With summer approaching, I was thinking about my own childhood summers in northern New York State, way up by the Canadian border. I would often spend a day or two with my grandma, Gert. Gert lived with her second husband in a little converted one room schoolhouse, surrounded by zinnias, peonies (which she called “pineys”), and old-fashioned pink roses. She always did her housework and gardening in the morning, because after lunch she dropped everything. She’d make herself a cup of Red Rose tea and put an Archway cookie on a plate, then park herself in her rust-colored velour recliner in front of the television to watch her “stories.” Now, there was no cable where she lived and she only got a couple of stations, so it was the CBS soap operas for her — The Edge of Night, and Secret Storm, and As the World Turns.
like to challenge anyone who is considering, or toying with the idea,
“If you say so,” Elise responded in a sing-song tone, amused at her child’s indignant nature. “Now finish eating up – we have a long day ahead of us.”
After replenishing our picnic lunch supplies, we headed south toward Whitwell. We were both very ready to be on the road again.
One could say yes, you are in control, and you can decide what to do. But I want us to think about how nice it is to be a puppet, as long as we are controlled by the right source…
2 zucchini, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1-inch pieces
We already have far too many migrants living here, but what harm will a few more do, eh?
For serious critical thinking, think about the intentions and the realities of the legislation I had you consider in the beginning of the article:
Pictures speak a thousand words so just have a look....Happy Monday Bloggie Friends!!!...
Today at 2 o'clock, I found myself strangely not drop-dead tired as usual. I wrapped a birthday present for a 3-year-old little friend whose birthday party we were scheduled to go to after naptime (which precarious roads prevented us from getting to after all.) The last ribbon tied, I did a strange thing. I didn't hop into bed. I continued to work on crafts. And I realized that while Oliver's naptime provided much-needed me-time, I can't always appreciate that it exists if I'm unconscious. I can't spend happy time with my glue gun, cardstock, and photos if I'm busy dreaming hormonal, super-weird dreams. In addition to the birthday gift and its wrapping job, I happily completed three hand-made cards and the beginnings of an ornament.
Every once in a while you get a comment from someone who loves what you have done because of the meaning behind it - that is why we scrapbook - to help preserve those memories and to leave a lasting legacy for future generations to know about us and our ancestors - so glad that this LO is loved by those it is special to - it is a beautiful reminder of why I scrap :) xxxx
reveal the stamped image below and distress the edges a little. This is pretty easy once you make the masks (I made label, big flower and 2 each of the medium and small flowers)
09. Corinne 3:16
Sties watched sharply by cross-armed matrons.
More race car carts please.
Ocean trout with pomegranate jelly and spanner crab with a Vietnamese-style dressing
I truly believe that God sent Linda to me right at that exact moment to give me that big hug and that clear as day message that He has NOT forsaken me. He is very much present and is busy at work here. It was too perfectly timed to be regarded as any kind of coincidence.
Indeed, the most important feature: we were greeted with great excitement about the treat in store, and it slowly dawned on us that our main function that evening was to serve as an excuse for this outing. As soon as we had begun to tuck in to our glutinous servings, a conversation began around us about the best store in London to have arrange your wedding list. I kid you not, this was only a few years ago.
on images, on the garments
Bill Byrd - Baltimore Elite Giants
Have a wonderful Monday.
“I kept a copy of all the photos, but the first one didn’t go in official files. I kept it for myself.”
“Alright,” Weld confirmed, “Pick ‘em up and haul them into the holding cells.”
Why it’s trouble: New moms are too busy to shower. Don’t accidentally hand them a bunch guilt over all the stuff they an’t going to get done.
We made it through Hurricane Earl unscathed... yippee!
You'll naturally want to know about the canapes and fizz first, before we get down to the next part of this selling business. Well, I have to say, the canapes were a disappointment. There weren't any, due to a canape cock-up of major proportions. However, there were balloons. Magnificent balloons, some of which did amazing sparkly things (though maybe that was a result of some slightly overenthusiastic imbibing of fizz on my part). There was a string quartet too, plus bow ties, long frocks and at least one tiara. Never say children's writers don't know how to have a good time. We are so rarely allowed out that any party has to be Made To Count.
– Discipline Is Rare in Cases of Prosecutorial Misconduct in Texas
we can allow Luke’s narrative to draw us into a deeper experience of Jesus’
Will this change? Undoubtedly. When? Slowly and incremenedly. One thing which would be an imense positive factor would be the emergence of a truly strong and inspirational female PM or President.
17 Hammersmith London, England
Prison doors will open
According to Reference.com, “A best practice is an idea that asserts that there is a technique, method, process, activity, incentive or reward that is more effective at delivering a particular outcome than any other technique, method, process, etc. Best practices can also be defined as the most efficient (least amount to effort) and effective (best results) way of accomplishing a task, based on repeatable procedures that have proven themselves over time for large numbers of people.”
Robertson, J (1998). Transforming Economic Life. Green Books, Schumacher Briefings, Dartington, UK.
A project dedicated to finding the light within ourselves,
7. Do looks matter when it comes to the opposite sex?
knock. and the door will be opened for you.
**Take lots and lots of pictures. Then edit them with a light touch. I am presently using Windows Photo Manager, and when I need to (lightly)sharpen something or add a title, I use Picnik’s program at Flickr. The basic Picnik is free and it's really great.
2. Skipping runs. Okay, just one. I had my spin class this morning, per usual, and had a 3 mile easy run scheduled for after. I’ve been doing these Wednesday runs as a brick workout, and last week I spanked my four miles after spin at HM race pace. Oops. Definitely made for a sufferfest of a seven mile tempo the next day. Today? I brought my garmin, just in case, and also considered just doing two on the ‘mill, but as I felt how tired and sore my ankles were as I was walking up the stairs to the spin room, I decided to just push myself in spin, and then have a nice cup of coffee and a croissant (hey, that’s carbo loading, right?) at Coffee Tree afterwards. Plus, I may do a short shakeout run on Saturday, so that’ll more than make up for it. Speed day tomorrow (2×1600) and then totally off on Friday. Yay for sleeping in!
Heavenly Mother(s): The exalted wife/wives of Heavenly Father and His partner(s) in creation and procreation. She/They are to be revered for Her/Their perfection and glory, but don’t make too much mention of Her/Them, or you might be excommunicated.
Jesus Every Day
Over the past few years I’ve heard a lot of confusion going around about the terms “grace” and “mercy.” Oh, people don’t say they are confused, but you can hear it in the things they say (and I’m guilty of it too).
This €2.3m would be paid to them ON TOP of their Dail salaries.
Our play we write as we start to age
Jessi: Right now I’m working on revisions for my 3rd novel, GOLDEN, which is another contemporary YA due out in 2013. And of course I’ve got a few new story ideas percolating.
04 - (My Whole World Is Empty) Without You
448150 Clothing accessories stores
the love that doesn’t die off.
BOO-YAH!
You know only Gods turn that occasionally blind eye, in silent grief.
Now insert cut-and-paste research to bolster crabby worldview cadged from monomaniac manipulators, if plain fibbing is unavailable. Charts are best:
The idea is to create a community event, especially one for fellow chefs who often have Monday nights off. "There's never anything happening on Monday night."
Bound in red-leather, a hand-written and vividly illustrated manuscript by Carl Jung documents what he called his “confrontation with the unconscious,” beginning around World War I. It was, he claimed, the source of all his later thinking in psychology. But the extent of his dreams, fantasies, arguments, and encounters were revealed only when the astonishing Red Book was published in 2009. Marilyn Powell scouts its dangerous contents.
When you cannot walk up a flight a stairs without getting out of breath, you realise paid work is the last of your worries and losing weight should be a priority
The new Atomic Zombie gallery is now online. Members can post and link to pictures, share comments, rate others’ pictures and more. You must register as a member of the AZ forum to post in the gallery.
When you’re not composing what are your favorite songs to play?
Let’s start with the classic New Orleans fried doughnuts called “beignets”. Beignet in French means “bump”. It is a pastry made from deep-fried dough, much like a doughnut, and sprinkled with powered sugar, or frostings. Savory versions of beignets are also popular as an appetizer, with fillings such as maple or fruit preserves. Yeast is used as the leavening agent in beignets.
“Love isn’t enough anymore,” I can barely choke it out and I’m not even sure if he hears me. I can’t do this anymore, I open my eyes to look at him but just as I do so I feel his hands leave my waist.
Later that day when the vet went to check on her one puppy had already been born. Then another, and another, until later that evening six newborn puppies were all nursing and cuddling up against Eva.
After the secret war ended, Bill decided to stay in Oman and started running the Sultan’s Armed Forces (SAF) Beach Club: apparently a splendid, well-organised place with a restaurant full of ex-patriot British soldiers from a wide variety of armies. He had his SAS Award plaque hanging on the wall of his office.
Richard Nixon knew the dirty truth about the JFK assassination, but I do not think he was directly involved. In fact, when Nixon was under intense Watergate pressure, his firewall strategy as recorded on the “smoking gun tape” was to ominously say don’t investigate me because it you do “the President believes that this is going to open up the whole Bay of Pigs thing again” – an obvious reference to the JFK assassination. Nixon’s aide Dean Burch said that when George Herbert Walker Bush heard that “He broke out in assholes and shit himself to death.”
Then the twine that I used was from doodle twine. I used My Creative Time stamps for the saying.
Being the songwriter for the German amateur folk band The Pickin' Berries, I took the opportunity to make some solo recordings when the band started to slow down. there were so many songs I had written that we couldn't do because fiddlers came and went, people got sick or just because they did not fit the band. I feel at least some of these songs should be shared beyond the occasional solo pub gig. Here They are for your listening pleasure. Files are @192.
Thought them cool. Wicked. Had soul.
Feels like it.
Because there is a Power Wheels mentality, a publishing scenario we all dream about—a multi-book deal for a butt load of money from a major Big Six house, with marketing and tours and high profile blurbs and foreign sales and every bell and whistle imaginable.
Took this picture before I went back home from guitar practice, rainbows are so surreal. The whole ordeal yesterday was crazy, it was almost bright out because the cloud cover was so thin!
Model: VM605
1 – Not Planning Before Introduction
He also makes no account for the often self-interested nature of governments who launch wars for selfish gain or perhaps simply pride or other undue pressures. While not stated, I believe this is probably because of the bipolar nature of the world at the time. Any questioning of the US government would probably have been seen as support for the Communist system growing in the East. But in my mind that should have brought these questions up with even more urgency. Is a Christian living under an oppressive regime supposed to feel the same way about his or her own armed forces as one living in the United States? Should he or she be compelled to fight by Christian faith as well? These are questions Henry does not seem prepared to answer. He simply assumes the US is the normative experience for Christians everywhere and that our government is a uniform standard of justice.
I’m hoping the sushi I ordered last night counts.
Garnish: Candy-coated chocolate pieces.
The caterpillars that were exposed to the warmer and more variable conditions were better able to withstand the warmer conditions, simply by being exposed to them. They did so by lowering the sensitivity of their metabolism.
After we split up, I read a review of Christopher Barker’s memoir of his parents, George Barker and Elizabeth Smart, and this is the second source for my book. Barker, a hugely promising poet when they met, seemed in many ways like the man I’d just split up with. He was unfaithful, penniless, unscrupulous, but he was also hugely encouraging to Smart. I began to think that, perhaps women who put up with men like him and who had always been seen as victims of that type of relationship, weren’t quite the victims they’d been portrayed as. I didn’t think I was a victim, so why see Elizabeth Smart as one? And I started thinking about other literary relationships, especially ones where the women had been viewed as the victims in them. Was that really the whole story?
In the meantime, here’s Coach Kiffin taking a shot at UCLA just for fun, unprompted:
“We’ve reached a critical point, a perilous point,” Japan’s new Prime Minister Naoto Kan said. “I understand that an immediate response is of paramount importance and would like to tackle the problem with a sense of urgency.”
My first memories of that song were of the video, of course, that played a lot on MTV the year I first got it, in about ninth grade. That video kicked ass - all those old movie clips, even Nosferatu, I think? Remember?
Now, for a week off!
This cute little card I made over the weekend needed to be sweet, but swift, so I delved into my stamps and settled on the two that I use the most - Lawn Fawn's Blissful Botanicals and Sophie's Sentiments.
• The always-amusing Ed Kilgore at Washington Monthly rolls his eyes at the Times and responds with the observation that the chant of “forward!” has “a long-standing association with the sports of basketball, soccer, and ice hockey.” He continues, tongue in cheek:
from the tree-lamps
In company with the first lady ever to qualify at Indianapolis ... gentlemen, start your engines!
Thankfully, The Onion has already created it, thus saving me the production costs. This pretty much says it all: http://subscribe.theonion.com/product_info.php?cPath=5_14&products_id=111
It can get fairly busy, but there is nothing approaching the deadline pressure that was routine during my years in newspapers. At a newspaper, a rush could mean turning around a breaking story in minutes. On my team, a rush job may mean that it needs to be done in two days.
Women's magazines. They all tell me that it's the time of year when I should be getting back into shape (the presumption is that I sat on my fat ass all winter, drinking hot chocolate and bemoaning my lack of opportunity to exercise as though the gym was closed due to cold) so that I can be ready to hit the beach in my string bikini. As though a person who did sit on her fat ass all winter could indeed be beach ready in a few short weeks doing some push ups and ball tosses.
So what makes someone a Ninja Mom?
Meanwhile in the corner, people are scrambling over each other to mop up some balsamic vinegar – the organiser’s did not see this frenzy coming.
The two women go head-to-head on Perd’s show, where Leslie claims Bobby’s camp stole their seniors idea. When they reveal that Bobby has been seen on vacation instead of staying in Pawnee like Leslie has done, Jennifer confidently claims that Bobby is actually overseas looking into bringing a foreign major company factory to Pawnee. Defeated, Leslie and Ben hit the bar and begin to acknowledge that Jennifer completely kicked their asses when who should walk in but…Jennifer. She picks up their tab and then casually admits that she made up the thing about the factory while Ben and Leslie listen in defeat.
love the smell of coffee?
This Saturday, May 5th, from 10:00 a.m to 2:00 p.m., the town of Clinton will hold its 2nd Annual Bike and Pedestrian Fest. This family-friendly event is designed to promote an active lifestyle and will include events like a dog-friendly walk to Town Beach, a bike parade and a Main Street treasure hunt and raffle. There will also be bike safety inspections, with helmet fittings.
So, fellow Omnomavores…you’ve gotta take a trip to Woodbridge and meet the funky, fun, and geeky cast of brewers at New England Brewing Company. Taste what’s on tap, but most importantly come home with lots of their beer and support local brewers! Brewhaha!
get it...it's really rather ripping!
From showing highlights of all the Big Show’s WrestleMania bloopers, to handcuffing him to ropes and pummeling him while wearing boxing gloves ala Floyd Mayweather, Rhodes has had the upper hand throughout this entire feud. The WWE has also made a point of mentioning that the Intercontinental Championship is the 1 title that the Big Show has not held in his WWE career.
to grow, yet doesn’t mean they’ll grow. It is
Thus it is that we settle into the barber chair and signal to the barber that we'd like a "#1" cut. Nowadays, whether you're in Riyadh or Phoenix, barbers know how close to the scalp to go by a series of numbers. A #1 is as close as you can get. For me, it will take about five minutes but most barbers drag it out to 10-12 minutes to make us both feel like they're doing something more than shaving my head.
digging holes in the clay with his long screw,
we keep out of
A little while later, she picked up the rucksack. She didn’t give me a treat as soon as I came to sniff it this time. She popped it onto my back and told me how clever I was and gave me two treats. It was only there for a few seconds and then it was back on the chair. I couldn’t wait to see what was going to happen next!
Money Remaining: $304,000
5. Bathroom It's about time, my poor neglected bathroom is going to get a complet over haul! SO excited, however I doubt Mr Geek would allow me to have wall paper in it!
frog growl,
Recent statistic show more than 250,000 variance applications have been filed with the WCB, contesting the restrictions and interpretations of the Medical Treatment Guidelines. This contest has back logged the hearing process and presently clogs the system. Only so many cases can be heard and processed by the WCB at a given time. The State Legislature, as stated earlier in this blog, has been grappling with this problem and beginning last summer, has indicated a bill would reach the Governor’s desk soon. At this time, only the State Assembly has approved legislation limiting the retro-activity of the Medical Treatment Guidelines referenced above. We await further governmental action on this issue.
PS. I haven't forgotten that it's Wednesday - I left the Waste Not Wednesdays link open for 2wks this time, as I knew it'd be a bit chaotic over the school hols - so if you'd like to play along this week please see this post :o)
Troilus and Criseyde – Chaucer
There was the front man.
customer.” Nothing makes me feel valued like a computerized voice telling me the same thing it tells everyone else. If they really wanted to improve my grocery shopping experience, they would replace that voice with some flirty British celebrity and personalize it: “Welcome back Chad, I’ve missed you.”
Judging mostly goes as expected. Tyra criticizes Alisha for forgetting that modelling is all about the clothes and not about the model, then criticizes Sophie for making it so much about the dress that you don’t pay attention to the model. There’s nothing Tyra likes more than contradictions!
There are already amazing resources out there from doctors and psychologists, we take a very different approach to parenting. We believe that for most families there are really simple miscommunications happening that we just need to decode. With this book, I teach parents what kids really mean when they say, "I don't care" or "Can I have a later curfew." This is advice from teens in the trenches of family life.
The kids excitedly woke me up this morning to find all of the shenanigans that Seamus had left for us.
Week Two: Native Hens. I'm still dying to stumble upon their nests, but after 3 years of searching I'm apparently not very good at the finding.. Either that, or they aren't as crazy as they seem, but down right sneaky.
Crown Prince Sultan was a half brother of KSA's ruling monarch, beloved King Abdullah, who himself last week underwent yet another back surgery and is still recuperating. Sultan served his country in many varied capacities over the years - as First Deputy Prime Minister, Inspector General, Minister of Defense, Minister of Aviation, Governor of Riyadh, Minister of Agriculture and Minister of Communications. A Wikileaks document of a diplomatic cable dated March 2009 revealed that the Crown Prince was "incapacitated," due to the effects of dementia or Alzheimer's.
Smoked Papika, 1/2 teaspoon on top of the cooking butternut squash and carrots.
Project Punch Item Pics
The classic example of facial hair in music is ZZ Top. Guitarist Billy Gibbons and bassist Dusty Hill have sported long, unruly beards for decades. Their drummer Frank Beard is ironically beard-less, but to his credit, does sport a mustache. The beards of Hill and Gibbons are arguably the best-known beards in rock and roll.
In his contribution to the Naqba Day celebrations, and in an effort to promote a viable Palestinian state, PA President Mahmoud Abbas rejected Israeli PM Binyamin Netanyahu’s letter offering to renew peace talks without preconditions.
David Suzuki: New rules make it easier for Canadian government to harm the environment
Lay the strips on a clean work surface and lightly spray with low calorie cooking spray. Place a teaspoon of the potato filling at the bottom of each strip and fold the pastry diagonally to enclose the filling and form a triangle. Press down on the pastry and fold again until you reach the end of the strip leaving you with a triangular pastry parcel. Repeat with the remaining strips and filling to make 18 parcels.
Bottom line: there is a still a class war being waged in this country, but it's a war of the wealthy "capitalists" - what Ayn Rand would call the moochers - against both the capitalist system, as well as the middle and lower classes. We as a society are being taken advantage of by a system of collusion between government and business that has set in place mechanisms to benefit the few to the detriment to the many.
Dr Ringera’s main project is Amani Children’s Home which was created in the summer of 2009. It is an orphanage but unlike many similar institutions, she makes sure the children still have access to their local community and their extended families. There are 20 children of varying ages, needs and abilities and IPI supports them to attend school, college and university. International Peace Initiatives also runs different projects including a women’s enterprise: BOLD Designs Jewellery. She also runs events throughout the year focussing on creating sustainable peace and empowering people through conflict resolution and non violent communication. Dr Ringera’s programmes are usually run in rural areas with people who have been forgotten and neglected by their families, communities and the wider world. Amani Children’s Home is based in her home village of Meru, at the base of Mount Kenya, which is three hours north of Nairobi. Meru National Park, it should be noted is where Elsa the Lioness and the Adamsons are buried. My first visit to Africa then, will be to the first African place that I read about as a child – freaky or what?!
My dad’s furniture store, Houseworks, is getting ready for a giant face lift! Houseworks, located in Indianapolis, Indiana, is filled with colorful and dynamic furnishing and home accessories. It is a modern furniture store, however, it embodies much more than the average conception of “modern.” Their “mantra” is best depicted through a quote from Metropolitan Home- which also happens to grace the entrance of the store.
According to Sony, this is the main reason for said acquisition. The company wants smartphones to be part of the connected home that they have been creating for years. As of now, they have done a great job with their other products: computers, televisions, Blu-ray players, game consoles and other devices have the ability to communicate with one another, taking us closer to the “smart home.”
In the jumper divisions we got a first, a second, 2 thirds, and a fifth. The classes went from 2'6"-3'3". I don't remember what the 5th was in. It wasn't 3'3" that's all I know. I don't remember what happened with that. I thought it was supposed to be a 4th actually. Laurie picked up my ribbons for me 'cause I was getting ready for dressage.
Kuchen is a tasty dessert with a dough crust and custard filling. Usually fruit is found in kuchen, but cheese or sugar can be used instead. It is normally topped with cinnamon.
The question haunts James Orbinski, as it haunts many of us who look out on a world in need of humanitarian action.
These auctions are literally the last chance you online folks will have at these items - and I started them all nice and cheap, most of them at $4.95. And there is some GREAT stuff too, definitely a few things that fall into the "unsold mysteries" category!
- 3/4 pint Stoli vodka (in a jar)
rVp went to take the corner. He swung it in beautifully to the box. Koscielny was the first to react and he nodded home to put us 2 up. His 2nd headed goal in 3 games.
5. Holiday dinners filled with laughter, love and wonderful moments.
My manuscript was rejected so many times I’ve lost count. Sometimes it didn’t really bother me but sometimes – especially when the whole manuscript had been called in and I’d got my hopes up – I’d be devastated. You have to be so determined and so driven to actually keep going. It’s a kind of madness in a way.
No, I am not telling you what my resolutions are. That would be a little like telling you my birthday wish when blowing out the candles. I can't be a party to such nonsense.
By sheer coincidence one of the beams of light hit an opaque glass dome set into one of the rings. It bounced off the ceiling and the crystal making a geometric shape. From below Se’rith indicated to Brelnya to line up the remaining two glass domes with the other two beams of light. It was clear that the Dwemer had some very specific intention for this device. Paratus could hardly contain his glee as the Dunmer manipulated the remaining rings until all the beams of light were reflecting and refracting off the glass domes.
Tonight, The Geej and I will be spending the night at Dah's house. Why? Well because Dah and her Plungette group will be marching in tomorrow's Oatmeal Festival parade, of course. I'm it will be filled with good ol' small town Texas charm and I'm betting that the people watching is going to be spectacular. I'll try and post some pictures post facto. BH will not be attending the parade, however, because he's going to go hang with his boys for the day. Seems the town they live in is having the grand opening of a bad-assed new skatepark, and the guys are pretty stoked about it. Do the kids still say "stoked," by the way? Oh, who the fuck cares.
Here it is!! I promised you a huge baking post and voila. This is by far the most challenging cake I have ever made. It involved months of research and planning, and for a procrastinator like me, that's saying a lot!! I made this cake for my friend's intimate reception at her home and I just wanted it to be perfect. In my head I imagined this beautiful white cake with smooth edges and roses that never wilt. Only I wake up and in the real world, Murphy's law applies.
But alas, the belt means nothing when it isn’t the focus. I’m going to harp on Daniel Bryan because with his title reign and his subsequent battle to reclaim it, the belt is the focus. When he first one the belt, he was elated. Slowly it began to turn his persona more and more evil, as he was constantly trying to keep the belt and you KNEW he was trying to keep the belt. Him screaming “YES!” was a testament to this desire and still is. He kissed the belt versus getting kissed by AJ, another small fact (I notice the small things). When he lost it, he dropped the girl (who suddenly got very VERY attractive) and began his reign as the new anti-hero: Yes! Man*. Yes! Man flies through the ring with his index fingers high and demolishes his opponents with his powerful attack renamed from martial arts: the Yes! Lock*. And with this powerful lock and tremendous determination he climbs the lonely mountain to reach the object of his desire, his precious World Heavyweight Championship*!
Go to this page to download all the printable components for your very own copy of But Wait, There’s More! It’s also accessible from the top menu under “Free Games”, where it and any other PnP games we release will be housed.
Surprisingly, yes, I have considered that. Have you ever considered that your mom is too stupid to tell what sort of people were around her? Or does she recognize back-stabbers because, you know, it takes one to know one? What are you even trying to say here? Since your mom could tell that that these staffers were back-stabbing betrayers, that justifies her utter lack of effort?
Desireless Voyage voyage F
“Greer? Hey man are you alright?” Jacobs pressed his ear to the door and strained to hear. He hesitated his hand on the door knob. He didn’t want to invade the guys space, but then again if he was seriously ill. He didn’t wait around to finish that thought. He jiggled the knob and was surprised to find it unlocked. He cracked the door open and called Greer’s name again. Nothing, this was turning in to a bad B-rated horror flick. All that was missing was the creepy music. Taking a deep breath he stepped inside and braced for an attack. He immediately felt silly and unclenched his fist. The apartment was dark, he felt along the wall for the switch. When the light came on he gasped in shock. The place looked like it had been ransacked. Drawers where yanked out and carelessly dumped on the floor. Pillows and chair cushions were strewn around, and tables were upended. Fearing for his friends safety, Jacobs rushed around franticly calling for him.
30. Catch 22: Joseph Heller +
Repeat to yourself over and over again that you will meet someone,
I agree with Jonathan Edwards MP that the Welsh Government should be preparing for Scottish independence and putting forward a coherent vision for the Welsh nation’s constitutional future if Scottish independence happens.
A way to measure the child or baby you are making for
Oh, do I love my husband!
But the losses are an alarming indication that Romney’s campaign organization is still woefully underdeveloped, even in the state where he served as governor, and where his campaign headquarters are located.
There’s a stigma attached to student sports journalists nearly everywhere. And in almost every case it’s warranted. The writer says “we” or fist-pumps after every made basket or even wears a team T-shirt underneath the button-up.
But also their geopolitical position made them suspicious to the Western allies. Milosevic, Saddam Hussein and Gaddafi were leaders of societies on the periphery of the Western sphere of influence, historically as well as actually. Yugoslavia, Iraq and Libya – all three of them were key states between the two blocks in the period of the Cold War. And they were not willing to give-up political and economic independence completely, as they were asked for after the breakdown of the Soviet Union. Their closeness to Moscow had allowed them to keep relative distance to Western economic and political interests. Out of this position “in between” they had developed a certain self-consciousness, which survived the breakdown of the Soviet Union. But without the geopolitical backing this position directly led to catastrophic situations… It looks as if the “In-betweens” of the two old geopolitical blocks had to suffer most under the advance of imperial strategies to streamline political regimes in order to päj-ln, take over economic core pieces. Was it, because their potential to take part in a different integration than the dictated one from the Western block threatened the imperial advance?
But. I get to show you my SECOND canvas!! I am SO happy with how this sweet girl turned out, and with my first attempt at a "scene." I used a lot of products from Fancy Pants (more on this in my review of Fancy Pants on Craft Test Dummies on June 17).
You can get a similar doubling fucking and ass with attributive adjectives; for example,
what kind of person eats McRib sandwiches? Oddly enough, in the days after I accepted the challenge, Twitter exploded with people extolling the virtues of the McRib. Personally, the response I got as I told more people about it was less enthusiastic:
Same, Same but Different by Jenny Sue Kostecki-Shaw (Henry Holt and Company, 2011). Pen Pals Elliot and Kailash discover that even though they live in different countries—America and India—they both love to climb trees, own pets, and ride school buses (Grade 5 & under).
The answer to their question is threefold: 1) grow a beard (sorry (most) ladies that this leaves you out - you'll have to find your own path to awesomeness) 2) listen to waylon as often as you can (which, let's face it, is all the time) because not listening to Waylon is weaker and less awesome than listening to Waylon 3) keep the third thing to yourself because this ain't no damn self-help blog
Tocco Tenero is owned by the Goodvine Group, which has a network of over 100 retail distribution points across 15 cities such as Singapore, Beijing, Hong Kong, Kuala Lumpur and Bangkok. The group is involved in manufacturing, marketing, retailing and distribution of high-fashion and high-street fashion branded leatherwear, men's apparel and accessories.
I am in love with graffiti…everything about it….
V: Vivacious
This is something we can see the smartphone being integrated into – better communications with other Sony products and services. Many Sony TVs can now be turned on automatically when a Playstation 3 or Blu-ray player is in use, and the console can be controlled via a keyboard and mouse.
Disclosure: I was provided a copy of this book from the author at no cost in order to write this review. If you click on any links in this post and purchase anything, we may recieve a small commission based on our affiliate relationship with Amazon.com.
Knowledge is power in any setting.
Andrew: At this stage, it’s quite permanent. I wanted to work with a drummer and I guess it was never going to be a straight up rock drummer. A mutual friend suggested that we play together and I guess we hit it off immediately.
“Someone in trouble?” Midget asked.
There is a quote by Thomas Griffith, a former editor for Time, Inc., “Journalism is in fact history on the run.” That would be something difficult to chase without the necessary skills. Berens and Armstrong are setting a good example in this industry and they are providing those skills to their fellow staffers. Kudos to them. (courtesy: WatchingTheWatchdog)
In Spain, a high school teacher in the city of La Línea de la Concepción was sued by the parents of a Muslim student who said the teacher “defamed Islam” by talking about Spanish ham in a geography class. And a discotheque in southern Spanish resort town of Águilas (Murcia) was forced to change its name and architectural design under duress after Islamists threatened to initiate “a great war between Spain and the people of Islam” if it did not.
All she would would have left of you after the most difficult 19 weeks of her young life.......
MTF Charts
So no matter when my life is spinning me round & round
Owner Doug Pravecek has over 25 years of experience in the electrical contracting trade. Douglas Electric, llc offers expertise in all phases of commercial electrical and residential wiring including new construction, residential additions, basement finishing, remodels, repairs, improvements,landscape lighting, residential smoke/heat/C02 detector upgrades, service and panel upgrades, sub-panels as well as tenant finish work. Douglas Electric specializes in Ceiling Fan installation, electrical outlet installation and high efficiency commercial lighting systems. Douglas Electric can also offer permit and pre-inspection compliance as well as consulting services. No job is too small, and we can easily work within your budget. Satisfaction is 100% guaranteed!
I believe He sent His son Jesus, born from the virgin Mary, into the world to save us.
The bread bowls are from Panera, and you purchase them already with the whole cut. I merely tore out most of the center and then allowed them to dry out for a few days. You can hasten this process by throwing them in a 200 degree oven for a while. I would check them after 30 minutes, then every 10-15 minutes until you can tell they are dried out. Allow them to completely cool before you fill them with the custard to soak them. This recipe is for three bowls, you can easily double this to make six and bake them in a large roasting pan to accommodate them.
18Cursed is he by whom the blind are turned out of the way. And let all the people say, So be it.
“Where is everyone?”
Like this. Yes.
*Leah is forbidden by her father either to look at the movie screen or to listen to the dialogue. Holly agrees, but deceives the father by telling him the theatre is soundproof;
If you haven't tried adding a small handful of your favorite nuts to smoothies, I hope this recipe sparks some ideas. Walnuts, almonds, macadamia nuts, hazelnuts, etc. are all excellent protein snacks and make simple smoothies wonderfully nutritious.
A Google Android Phone running on an operating system called Ice Cream Sandwich was leaked through Ebay. I'm waiting for the upgraded version which offers more variety: Neapolitan.
2. I woke up with a heinous cold on Sunday morning thanks to my idiot little brother who just can’t stay indoors ONE day of his life and he just HAD to go outside with his friends on a particularly cold April day. So, of course, what happens when one person in a household of five gets extremely sick? We ALL get sick. I somehow managed to avoid it for about two weeks, thinking nothing but positive thoughts and also inhaling as much vitamin C as I possibly could in many different forms.
Tanaka had been on the trail of ‘The One Man Hollywood A-List’ Stone Chism for several weeks before scoring a three-way match for the title along with Khalid-El. After the Iranian was dispatched, Tanaka destroyed Chism to win the PCW Title.
As I may have said before, t's only within the last 30 years that Charya has been performed publicly; previously it was restricted to Newar Buddhist temples. The mudras and songs that are the origin of modern Charya are still performed by the Vajracharya priests today.
Viki Geunes of Antwerp's ’t Zilte restaurant to create this
Tate’s essay was written for the anthology, Who Owns America? the publication of which was utterly without effect. With other agrarian writings before and since, it took its place on the far margin of the national dialogue, dismissed as anachronistic, retrogressive, nostalgic, or (to use Tate’s own term of defiance) reactionary in the face of the supposedly “inevitable” dominance of corporate industrialism. Who Owns America? was published in the Depression year of 1936. It is at least ironic that talk of “effective property” could have been lightly dismissed at a time when many rural people who had migrated to industrial cities were returning to their home farms to survive.
At the start of the Second World War Michael Foot - a fine writer who like his hero Jonathan Swift made the mistake of going into politics - co-wrote a best seller called The Guilty Men.
Kansas City first held a St. Patrick’s Day parade in 1873. Today the event draws a crowd of about 200,000 spectators. One of the things unique to this particular parade is that the grand prize winner of the procession gets an all-expense paid trip to Ireland, so participants really give it their all.
As adults we ask – and answer – questions and unconsciously try to interpret the background nuances and circumstances and expect others to do the same.
A couple of months ago I noticed one of the plants in my bedroom window had a little green friend growing next to it. Being of the pacifist persuasion, I let it be.
Writer Beware has learned that Pearson Education, a major education services company (and the parent company of trade publisher Penguin), is currently requesting vastly extended licenses for copyrighted text and images that it has received permission from rightsholders to include in its print textbooks and other publications.
Also this weekend: the first grilling of the season at my mom & dad’s house, the end of one soccer season, and celebratory beers at Three Aces.
1. BlutEngel/Terminal Choice – slightly different styles, same singer. I have no real reasoning for liking either one of these bands, I just do. I will admit, though, that I prefer the tracks sung in German over those sung in English. Pohl’s voice is much richer and ultimately more pleasant when in his native tongue.
Oh my goodness, I owe you a big blog post. I've been quite the busy bee. There was a trip to the coast to see the cutest little boys in the world, but the wind was fierce and let's just say there was no outing at the beach for any of us. I've been putting in several shifts at the LBS (that's Local Bead Store for the uninitiated). There was a teaching gig or two. I've had such great students lately, it just warms the cockles of my heart! I did receive my swap beads from Michelle and they are lovely! I'll get a photo up for you soon. And there was a little hospital visit by someone here at home but he's doing fine. It was just a clean-up from last summer's surgery.
Joseph Goebbels, the top propagandist of the Nazi regime, spoke of “the money pigs of capitalist democracy”: “Money has made slaves of us.” “Money is the curse of mankind. It smothers the seed of everything great and good. Every penny is sticky with sweat and blood.”
Ever Fallen In Love (With Someone You Shouldn't've)
“Prism…” Flamane sighed. He knew it was hopeless.
The Price of Love by The Everly Brothers
This, by far would I guess be my shortest post, I have been adding a line here and there for 10 days now and I better publish this post today.. Life is getting busy with the warmer weather!!
Amit Goswami: The current worldview has it that everything is made of matter, and everything can be reduced to the elementary particles of matter, the basic constituents—building blocks—of matter. And cause arises from the interactions of these basic building blocks or elementary particles; elementary particles make atoms, atoms make molecules, molecules make cells, and cells make brain. But all the way, the ultimate cause is always the interactions between the elementary particles. This is the belief—all cause moves from the elementary particles. This is what we call “upward causation.” So in this view, what human beings—you and I—think of as our free will does not really exist. It is only an epiphenomenon or secondary phenomenon, secondary to the causal power of matter. And any causal power that we seem to be able to exert on matter is just an illusion. This is the current paradigm.
Some of the characters were familiar to me such as Barbie, Bakugan, Monster High, and anything Disney (especially the princesses).
He sighs. “Shh.”
And if you are one of those Christian adults who believes that God loves everyone and that being gay isn't a sin and that want to have people know they can turn to you with what they feel is a deep, dark secret- be open and loud about. Shine your Christian light to show that you are different. Don't try and stop yourself from saying something positive about gay people. Don't be afraid to stop people when they use hateful terms in regards to gay people. Stand up for God's children and let your voice be one that reaches through that darkness to someone who needs that pinpoint of light.
“Here is a picture we have for you of Big Sprout’s visit last week,” I said handing it to him.
Sharp-shinned Hawk 3
Back to reality, we have a President who has made the central focus of his re-election campaign…and his administration, for that matter…the division of the American people along economic lines. He’s hoping to parlay this frightening, yet sad tactic, into another four years. Our friends at the Economic Collapse take aim at Mr. Obama’s plans….
Have a great day everyone!
So after that depressing practice, because you know I only see things as "the glass is half empty". All I could think of is she will never get on again, just like Miley with the table. Ive screwed up something else. Well anyway , we went to the park. It was a beautiful , warm , sunny 80 degree day.
Embarrassingly enough, that was just a small preview of what went down after I heard that news. My little tirade of non-stop questions, swearing, answering my own questions and accusations lasted a good fifteen minutes. Out of control I was… I was sweating. I was punching things. I was spitting. I was cursing as if I didn’t know any other words…awful. I probably looked like a fucking maniac. Yep… that was me, Matty the maniac. I was fresh out of rehab, but I’m pretty positive that my ex thought I was very much still on drugs that night.
I know the jury is divided regarding the merits of Grinderman, but I love them! PC, what's PC?
The people in our lives also are the holy. When you prepare a meal, do the laundry, clean the house, spend time with your family – you are ‘tending the holy’. When you smile at someone or help them in any way – even just simply acknowledge the other – you are ‘tending the holy’.
"RING!"
Day 9: (Platelets 75,000)
We gave Kunt his Cunning Stunt Award, but we also gave another Cunning Stunt Award to Bob Slayer for fooling us.
While everybody understands sales, margins might bring up a few question marks.
Where else can you see latest collection from designers like Cosry,Qudyn, Mimpi Kita and many more for just rm100 (and it's for charity!) yes! Tix is only rm100!. Oh yeah, there'll be bazaar during the day starts from 10am-5pm. Do come! We have Radiusite, Old Blossom Box, Sputniksweetheart, Smashing Scarves and many more! :)
Three dogs were also found alive at the home. Police said the female told them all three were also set to be killed. One of the dogs rescued from the home was a black lab puppy. It had siblings that were killed.
Aba because I was born on Thursday.
Seeking the flesh of their fellow man.
And love is blind and that I knew when,
anywhere, that is true
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY.
When it's my neck I need to bend.
Today, Danielle asks me to consider, “a psychic wound or one small behavior continually repeated could strain your whole life. Freedom — which is an essential state for accessing your Creative Genius — starts when you can identify the aggravation you’ve been accommodating for so long. When you see it, you can heal it and free yourself up to make more art in your life.”
Name of blog :URL (if applies)
The summer spending smorgasbord is a time-honoured tradition, gleefully practised by successive Conservative and Liberal governments.
They should look like this.
TiTLE….. : Dance Department Live (Radio538)-CABLE-04-21
Since I was in the high school, I have participated in various activities which have really sharpened my leadership and interpersonal skills. Hard work and integrity being some of my attributes, I have tirelessly worked towards utilizing them as well as making an impact to others where I can. Through out the education career, I have been able to achieve a number of rewards following my commitment and hard work. Just to mention a few of these achievements, I have been a member of National Honor society since 2007, member of future business leaders since 2006 and have certificate in team building.
In January and February we travel back roads in western New York’s Amish country looking for wintering Red-tailed Hawks, Rough-legged Hawks, and whatever else might be out there. Sometimes in one circuit of our approximately 60-mile route we’ll see as many as a dozen rough-legs and even more red-tails.
Many of you said you didn't like the black background, and I agreed with you, mostly. But the blog started black and when I started messing around with the template, everything else just seemed all wrong. So now we are back to black, if not permanently, for now.
Jonathan Erasmus, Zululand Fever
The pic below is of 4 event goers who made it a fun day in costume.
So that
Homunculi – created from blood, or merely specimens of the African clawed toad (like this one)? (Michael Linnenbach/Wikipedia)
As conceived and carried out, the intended purpose of Operation Fast and Furious was to rack up a bloody body count in Mexico, in order to discredit the Right to Keep and Bear Arms as spelled out in the Second Amendment of the Constitution. The murdered Mexicans were intended to buttress the false claim that ninety percent of the weapons recovered in Mexico after gangland shootings came from American gun dealers.
If I haven't met you yet -- I'm looking forward to it!
CC is 3 nights away from being done with Phase 2 of FTO! YEAH! He has really enjoyed the night shift and has met some interesting people in the wee hours of the night! He also finally got his first DWI arrest last night, and he was pretty excited. But I also think this will bring on his first court appearance. (he felt that the guy would try to fight it)
For being trendy as well as functional, there is an worthwhile currency stock trading designer bookbag.
I'm partial to white rabbits-I even had one myself in elementary school (I named her Rosebud and called her "Rosie"). But bunnies come in a variety of colors, so feel free to make black, brown, & gray bunnies too! If you do use a different color, consider putting an oval of white or cream felt on the tummy (like on the monkey finger puppet) for extra cuteness. Anyway, I used a combination of blanket stitch & back stitch to make this rabbit finger puppet and it definitely took way less than an hour total to do-maybe 15-30 minutes?
there are no zero sum games like that in life
A lone tree did its windbreak bit.
I decided to drink the rest of this bottle with one of my favourite drinking methods: mixing in a few drops of single malts to give a different thought process to the evening.
8. Was a librarian.
What might we reasonably expect in a well appointed gentleman’s wardrobe? There is of course no single correct answer, for it depends on the gent in question, what he does for a living, and what is his personal style (assuming he has figured out what that is, of course). Nonetheless, speaking in general terms a well appointed Gentleman’s wardrobe will include a sufficient range of clothing to enable a man to attend to his range of interests and commitments with a certain amount of style.
YAY! I used what just may be one of the cutest Stampendous! Stamps EVER! It's the Puppy Eyes stamp! Don't you just LOVE him to death? He comes in wood and cling on the site or you can purchase the wood version at Michael's! I paper pieced him and his letter and applied the tissue to a pre-cut Recollections brand note card. Super easy and totally cute! I just rounded the corners for a finishing touch!
Symons, Julian. Bloody Murder: From the Detective Story to the Crime Novel. New York: Mysterious Press, 1992.
To briefly recap the summer, I reorganized the family unit, abandoned the Hubs and took a job in Marfa, TX, with toddler in tow. 5 months we were gone. It was glorious and challenging and beautiful and strange. I never did get W a nanny (hard to find in a town of 2,000) thus we spent TONS of quality time together. I did get him a lovely Australian Shepherd puppy that he named Ruby Tuesday, after the little cartoon Max & Ruby and the Rolling Stones tune. I needed an additional distraction for W and a new companion for me as well. As the months zoomed by I oversaw the installation of a well, an irrigation system, enough electric to power a small town, a septic system, and demolition of the home on the property. Never did I’d ever dream I’d learn about such things, a complete departure from event planning yet I found many similarities as well. Every day was an event, a chance to learn something new and it got my gerbil on a treadmill of a brain going and growing. W embraced his new surroundings and learned about tarantulas, rattlesnakes, tumbleweeds, yurts, constellations, and all sorts of life-sized construction equipment. He had 8 acres on which to roam and explore. He was never bored. Plus the community in Marfa is a true one in the sense of the word. Everyone rallies and plays together. We constantly cooked out together, ate together, met for drinks often and energized the local grapevine with gossip. In the end though, it was good to finally get off of the proverbial “island” and come home to the Hubs and our lovely home although someday I hope to return and work with those amazing folks again. Our days now are filled with getting re-acclimated, a Tuesday/Thursday school schedule, a Wednesday a.m. art class and playing catch up with the Hubs who left for 3.5 weeks about a week and a half after we returned home from our adventure.
“He’s athletic, he’s fast and he knows how to get forward,” Silva said. “We’ve got a much more athletic defense than we had last year.”
Like much of the Gowanus Canal area, the land underneath the proposed Gowanus Village was considered extremely toxic. The property is officially designated as a brownfield, and in the past "included uses like a sulphur works and coal-fired power station, a paper mill, lumber yard, garage with gasoline storage tanks, an iron junk yard and auto repair shop," according to the Brooklyn Daily Eagle. The Batcave building itself was once the Central Power Station of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (BRT). Dating back to at least 1896, this coal fired power plant was "capable of moving 125 tons of coal per hour" which was used to power "the engine and dynamo room," according to Electric Power Plants by Thomas Edward Murray.
But when we arranged this photo in Salt Lake City in 2011 it was supposed to look shocking.
I am pretty sure your Devilish pact
The Malays are more emotional. A successful 1 million Malays rally will bring a tear to many eyes. Yet by being emotional, the righteousness inherent in the Malay makeup may spur them to reject the out-of-control corruption and madness that is necessarily part and parcel of Umno rule.
D.Carnley
So, do you like to enter sweeps or giveaways? What not-so-conventional things do you do to save money or get those extras for your family? I want to hear about your experiences, thoughts, and comments.
Running Coach (May 2009 - Present)
You tribute an album to somebody largely influential and respected, like John Lennon or some figure, and we recently hear about a Deulgukhwa (들국화) tribute album. But BoA is considered as an idol, a commercial singer or something, and she's only 24 years old while having 11 years of career behind. I think she really is very significant and symbolic in today's Korean pop music in various ways. Thus this tribute could be ironic, funny, refreshing on the ideas of "what makes a real artist and what not", "how an idol is being consumed" or whatever comes into your head. And, of course, we were serious about making a real tribute to our beloved diva.
At the last minute about a week before Christmas I found this great Die cut by Tim Holtz. It’s a pinecone and needles set. I love it…
When Arthur started a relationship with Jamila, it was Percy alone who knew, and kept quiet. Perhaps he hoped Jamila was take Arthur out of the Templars, especially when they married and she became pregnant with Billi.
Today is the day I stop wasting money on the gym I never bother to go to anymore.
I have a little girl that loves her bike, I think more than her brother. That is why I wanted to create a fun pink and purple bike kit just for those girls that love their wheels. This mini is packed with fun wheelin' elements and lots of extras. And guess what? It is only $1, right now at the Scrap Orchard Farmer's Market Sale for International Scrapbooking Day. It will be on sale for that price until May 6th. If you happen to miss the sale, it will still be 20% off for the week.
The truth hurts.
I cannot say that hunger induced me to concentrate my energies in this direction, having made a very hearty breakfast a few hours before; but the fact is, I felt it incumbent on me to do something. Here had I alighted from a train, the passengers by which had already all disappeared on their several errands, with one solitary exception, viz. myself, and I only wanted to loiter about on the platform for a half-hour or so, and then go back again. I am naturally rather a nervous man; and when, while affecting the deepest interest in the construction of the vault above me, I became aware that I was being studiously watched by B 66 (a most intelligent, but perhaps somewhat officious, policeman), I felt extremely uncomfortable. The line had been opened too long to allow the supposition that I was here out of mere curiosity; and all the various other motives which might induce certain people to linger here crowded upon my memory. I had read in the papers how swindlers ('of gentlemanlike exterior') adopted such means to appropriate stray umbrellas and deserted parcels, and the horrible suspicion rose that I might be mistaken for a member of that body. As my eyes met the steady glance of B 66, I was conscious of becoming very hot and uncomfortable. To retire at this juncture would have been injudicious. There was only one other course open to me, and that was to - lunch.
Doesn't being ill just make you appreciate all the little things you do with no effort everyday?
Look and See, so simple yet difficult.
To get you all understanding my pain, my song today is the Kidz Bop version of Lady Gaga’s “Born this Way.” It is bouncy and full of sugar and perfect for my kiddos. You might just have to barf after watching the video though. Don’t say you have been warned. Blech!
And the kids love him and Neil loves him and I am having a minor meltdown because he's decided to be MY dog. Me. The one who is having an anxiety siezure every time I look at him. I did not have this much anxiety when they handed me a baby at age 18 and said, "You got a carseat to take him home with?"
Under normal circumstances a military raid in another country isn't the best option without it being a joint operation, or at least a "heads up" to the country itself.
Plus JW kept almost falling off the conveyer belt that takes you up the tiny hill.
Standards communicate the rules of the game.
2 bolted
This is of course optional, but serving this soup with crusty Italian bread is a great bonus.
Hey, everybody! My blogposts are becoming few and far between it seems. We've been busy readying our house to list it for sale and finally did that about a week ago. This week, we've been doing some last minute touch ups on paint and trim. Tomorrow, I'm going to spend the afternoon polishing the wrought iron door and window accents with liquid car wax, a tip I found out about from my super smart friend, Google. Turns out I should have been doing this once every six-months. Why didn't you tell me sooner, Google? Maybe you're not so smart after all. Oh, I didn't ask? Sure, turn it around on me now.
There’s a neat trick to these oral histories: you can bulk up a book with testimony rather than analysis, and it’s easy to disregard counter-evidence. There’s also no obligation to fact-check the interviewees even on basic information, so, when one recalls that 1851 East 32nd Street meant “we weren’t far from Red Hook,” the Florida-based author doesn’t tell us that the location is close to Kings Plaza and rather far from Red Hook.
I may own one of the rarest items in the world, and let me tell you, it’s a horrible feeling. So now I’m here, the last attempt at raising some kind of awareness of this. I could be completely wrong, and this Super Album could be completely common. Someone out there might have a room covered in number 33. I’ve never wanted to be wrong about something this much in my life. If you do know something…anything…let Wayning Interests know.
The way, God’s way, you see is this
The President of the Republic and the Prime Minister exercise executive authority on behalf of the people within the limits provided for in the constitution.
I had two handspun skeins of this merino/silk blend and decided to cast on for a cowl. It's almost done now and I will cast off by the weekend. I'll be back with a picture next week. But this is actually a test knit...not for someone on the list. It will be mine.
COMMENTS/RECOMMENDATION
Annually, People for Education publishes reports based on surveys of Secondary School Principals, Elemenatry School Principals and School Councils across Ontario. The invition for school councils to participate is currently open, and the survey (and reports) can be accessed online via People for Ed’s School Survey page. Or follow the links in Jacqui Strachan’s message:
Did you know ANY home can have pests???
TOTAL - 5 BOOKS - 1,658 PAGES
For Lent, some of my facebook friends and I participated in a "Random Acts of Kindess" project. We decided that instead of giving things up for Lent, we'd practice 40 days of kindness. And guess what? It stuck. At first it was kind of tricky, almost like I had to remind myself to be kind most of the time (because I still reserve the right to think bad thoughts once in a while. We're all allowed to do that now and then.). But as the 40 days continued, and even after the 40 days were up, I was delighted to discover that it had become a habit.
So, what you all want to know is, which high tech thrusting industry or business service is at number one in the region, burying forever that northern stereotype of heavy industry and hard toil?
What trends do you love but can't wear? If you really loved a look would you wear it anyway, even if it didn't suit your figure?
His body came into view and I noted the cream mackintosh, the wide, brown slacks and nearly returned to the laundry without observing; his dog was gone. He walked laboriously, his big, empty hands stuffed awkwardly into his pockets. I moved closer to the window to watch his solitary progress. He glanced up. I felt an instant of indecision then gave a tentative wave. He stopped and stared. Encouraged by his attentiveness I smiled and waved again. In the absence of his hat, his expression was clear and readable. He glared at me. Then he turned and resumed his painful steps. My waving hand fell to my side and I watched him hobble away.
The fury and the mire of human veins. W B Yeats
The home screen in iPhoto for iPad shows four tabs along the top: Albums, Photos, Events, and Journals. Tapping into any of these except for Journals, takes you to an individual photo page, and a grid icon displays thumbnails of all the photos in the album along the left (you can switch between one, two, or three columns for this, or move it to the right). As with some other clever iOS apps, a question mark button is always present, to show you overlays that explain what all the controls on the screen do or bring up help. Next to this, an undo arrow lets you backtrack at any time, and a super helpful button at top right lets you quickly view the original image after any amount of edits. A nearby “i” info icon shows camera, size, and date for the present photo.
FORMER GOV. MITT ROMNEY, R-MASS., PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE: I’m Mitt Romney, and I’m pleased to be here with my wife and my oldest son Tagg Romney. We’re the parents of five sons, five daughters-in-law, 16 grandkids. And it’s great to be back in Jacksonville.
The Washington Post wrote of “Ahmadinejad’s speech suggesting larger conspiracies were behind the Holocaust and the Sept. 11 attacks caused delegates to walk out.” (September 23)
Jaela - Doing funny stuff
Now the Koch Brothers in their coats and their ties
Secondly, your fate has been predetermined by God for so we see in John 3:18. “He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already. Because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.”
Add the half and half and the sugar, and stir. Add the saffron. Bring the heat back up to medium, and cook until the pudding is thick and creamy.
Khan is visibly buoyant. For years he has campaigned on a platform of what some call "anti-politics" – virulent criticism of the graft and patronage that infect Pakistani politics. Now, he says, he has been proved right.
Balance is about being there for those in need and helping others. It's about using our God given abilities to bring that spark and joy, not only to our life, but to the lives of others that we may touch along the way. It's about taking adventures and experiencing new places. It's about the scary and unknown mixed with goals and security. It's the line between being driven and hardworking and relaxed and free. All good things lie in balance and the secret to all this is a bit of a mystery. I think managing our time correctly is important so that we don't end up working all the time and miss out on life, or vice versa.
supplies-
This is a group swap.. ~ I'm going to limit us to 7!
And spare the honey which the bees get industriously
That said, I don't think that I'd be risking the waitstaff being all great in a place that sets an automatic gratuity on parties of six or larger. Every place I've been that have them starts at ten or twelve. Starting the automatic "You must tip--we add it to your bill" at six strikes me as an admission that their waitstaff are uniformly bad. Setting the automatic gratuity at 17% is reinforcing that impression, as well as the bad behavior that the idiots permitted by being willing to eat at that establishment. So... that means the customers made a bad choice.
Taste: 3.5
From left: Christina Walsh, IJ organizer; filmmaker Michael Galinsky; Bob McNamara, IJ attorney; Norman Siegel, attorney challenging eminent domain; psychiatrist Mindy Fullilove; and film protagonist Daniel Goldstein.
Take your time, start it, put it away and then come back to it.
(1) leave a comment
3- The Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern. This was such a magical book, and I’d love to see how the magical, dreamlike feel of the book translates to the big screen. This is one circus I would love to see!
This blogger had understood that ownership of the physical object and ownership of the copyright in the work were very distinct concepts. Whilst on many occasions the copyright owner and the owner of the artwork may be the same, ownership of the physical work by no means guarantees ownership of the copyright in the work. Thus, for example, whilst a gallery may own (or have been loaned) an artwork, they may not necessarily be able to make and sell postcards, t-shirts etc of the relevant work. However, as with every rule there is at least one exception in the CDPA.
Much of that changed in 1980, when he was cast as a doctor aboard an endangered jetliner in the gag-a-minute disaster-movie parody "Airplane!" Nielsen's deadpan delivery of lines like "I am serious -- and don't call me Shirley" helped launch a second career.
So, how did we all end up burritofied? Let's just say Kid C decided he could cook. By himself. Without permission. Yes, be afraid. I'm still having nightmares. Shudder.
And a sense of guilt I can’t deny
YOU ARE suppressing important information from the public. By filtering, blocking and burying vital safety information posted on this and other blogs, YOU and YOUR COMPANY, Google, Inc., are preventing the potential victims from making informed decisions concerning their travel plans, modes of travel, activities, and where to visit or live. As a result, thousands of people are losing their lives and many more sustaining serious injuries.
LOVE - without it we are nothing, it is the very energy from which we spring, in which we exist and to which we return. Let me share something: "Love is all that exists. Love is the universal communication. It is the energy that has created the universe and is keeping it going." (from Emmanuel's Book compiled by Pat Rodegast).
~WHEELHOUSE~
JTF (just the facts): A total of 13 color photographs, framed in custom plywood frames, and hung in the small single room gallery space. All of the works are archival inkjet prints, made in 2012. The works come in two sizes: 26x18 (in editions of 4+2AP) and 41x27 (also in editions of 4+2AP). There are 4 large prints and 9 small prints in the show. (Installation shots at right.)
Start by cutting your long scarf piece.
The theme had been set by my fellow DT member Debs who asked us for spots and stripes in our projects.
But we need not grow weary! For His strength is sufficient. His mercy, unchanging. His grace, never ending. He is forever faithful!
For the broadcast, Scars on Broadway - Malakian, Dolmayan, guitarist Franky Perez, keyboardist Danny Shamoun and bassist Dominic Cifarelli - will perform "World Long Gone" from their self-titled debut that was released July 29 (Interscope), and for the show's closing, "They Say."
espn.com reports that the NBA just fined Houston Rockets coach Jeff Van Gundy a total of $25,000 after Van Gundy publicly complained about . . . poor officiating regarding the Rockets' center, Yao Ming. This time, however, Van Gundy cited not "phantom calls" but instead that the officials tolerated "reckless" behavior that produced "mayhem." The coach added,
What do you add to your Christmas stockings???
In thinking of Outsider greats, Darger and Finster quickly come to mind, but in the same breath I hope you would add Bill Traylor. Traylor’s work consists of a singular strength in vision that is both direct and precise. His images are simply stated and purposeful in mark. The use of modest materials and cardboard backing speaks to the function of the images he made, and whether it was the strength of a bull or the bark of a wild dog, Traylor’s work spoke with a voice that was true to the essence of what he was depicting. Admittedly I have had a soft spot for Traylor’s work since the first time I saw it, so it is easy for me to highly recommend dropping by the High to check out this work as well as the other shows before they fold up shop and make way for some new exhibitions, which will be any day now ( April 29th to be exact on the Picasso to Warhol show).
Duane Allman - guitar
I'm excited because, at 8:43 this morning, I got my 10,000th visitor since I added Sitemeter to I Love Beer back on September 6, 2006. I never expected it would happen this fast, because a year ago I was lucky to get 20 visitors a day. But traffic here has exploded in the past few months, and I now average 70 per day. It's also pretty cool because I'm rapidly gaining on my wife, who added her Sitemeter three days after me but quickly got way ahead of me and reached 10,000 last month. In her favor, though, her hits mostly derive from actual fans/readers, whereas the bulk of mine come from Google searches. (But to those of you who are regular readers — glad you're enjoying it!)
Her cakes are colorful, creative and most of the time they look so good that you don't want to touch them! These are only a few of them that I chose from her website... she has more fun ones on there, so check them out! You might get some inspirations for your own cake!
The New York Times reports an M.T.A. $400 Million budget shortfall this year. This after they supposedly avoided "doomsday" earlier this year thanks to action from the State.
“Look at that,” he marvels. “75! In one box!”
Morello: And?
On rare occasions, I let her pick where we go. Mostly because when I do, she lets me do unspeakable things to her without screaming TOO loudly like I'm killing her.
So, let this not be an end to the series, but instead a mere pausing point. There are so many people, so many cultures, and so many gods out there…and so much time…and to suggest that there is a closed canon, or a final chapter, in the ongoing work of human interaction with divine worlds generally, and with Antinous the god, the hero, the daimon, the figure, the human, the being, the spirit, the ancestor, the man–or however you would like to think of him–is about as likely as the world suddenly screeching to a halt in its revolution around the sun. It has been said “there’s nothing new under the sun,” and perhaps that’s true on some material or even metaphorical level; and yet, the infinite ways that one ray of sunlight can reflect off one set of molecules, on their own or in association with others, is something that will never fail to dazzle the senses and inspire the spirits of those who take up such activities with seriousness and devotion. Antinous lives and breathes in ways we have not even developed the language to describe yet…but we will, when it comes time to do so. I look forward to taking a stab at doing so periodically with all of you who read these words!
“When what?”
The sun will shine through the clouds
Now I’m out on the edge of forever
Kye, the reason I’m here. Kye, my best friend, disappeared three and a half years ago. This is the last place Andrew, Adrien’s twin brother, told me she was.
MS Punch: branch
And even if we do return for a fourth adventure, the Sonoma Goat cheesecake that rendered us almost delirious on our first and second visits is now nothing more than a distant memory. Likewise, his pot de feu was the stuff dreams are made of . We hope James returns a version of it to the menu next Winter.
In shock and denial over his Marine father’s death in battle, star Lacrosse player Conor Sullivan, always a maverick and a hothead, starts acting out in self-destructive ways that have his mom, Claire, at her wit’s end. But arduous training in a wilderness Lacrosse camp under the tutelage of his dad’s old combat buddy, Sgt. Major Duke Wayne, opens Conor’s eyes to the true meaning of maturity, sportsmanship and manhood. Available 15 March – Outdoor from 15 May (TBC)
will talk to me,
He also said that if NUJ could not fight for press freedom, another organisation would be needed to take up the task.
I have a confession. I, for once, feel like I’m standing ahead of a trend, looking back and saying “I told you so” to the poor saps who are finally catching up to the glory that is the Grand Musical. People have tried to hide their love of a good shake-and-dance show, but I’ve been an advocate for musicals my whole life.
cilantro, minced for garnish
1/4 c flour
So how does Mota repay our forgiveness? By giving up that bloop double to Scott Spiezio in Game two of the NLCS. That changed the dynamic of the series, I don’t care what anyone says, that stupid double. As for Mota’s tenure here, he repaid the Mets generosity of a contract by getting a 50-game ban in 2007 for HGH use.
Binamin = Benjamin
I like that even although they are dirty, they are old, they have been to loads of places, met a lot of people, have memories litterly on them (there's hot chocolate stains from an 'accident' in a cafe) they are still luminated. They can still shine brightly. Maybe not as bright as a brand new pair, but they are trying... and I like that my shoes still try and that they are still beautiful and wonderful even although they might be a little old.
The Camp Guy has been having another bout of his intestinal stuff so he's been sick most of the week.
~end~
Wow. More tears.
My family has this thing with the Sky Mall catalogue. Remember Chris’ wedding ring that we bought after seeing it in Sky Mall? I still need to ask Chris’ Mom what was in the catalogue that everyone found so interesting at dim sum. Personally I was most intrigued by the portable sauna pod (chair and travel case included).
5 imagine
and allowing him inside would be
us Minnesotans will
You’re stopping me from taking away my life. I have lost the will to live. But there, there, my heart, I can still smile. You make me smile. God loves me, you say, and that’s why he sent you to me; to help me regain my sanity? Well, I shall regain it. I might hate the pain. I might hate feeling so much with you, but I don’t hate melting from the touch of your hand. I don’t hate the way you make me feel, when you look at me. I don’t hate the warmth you give me, when I’m cold. You do all of this. You hold me, without touching me. The love in your eyes is helping me stand my ground.
* As of this session, Hazel's player is on long-term hiatus from the campaign.
During my coursework I've learned there is no such thing as breaking a bad habit, there is only creating a new, stronger habit to replace it, and it takes roughly 3 weeks for any habit to become fairly routine. The hardest part about forming a new habit? Your body is going to fight you tooth and nail on every decision you make. Why? Because it's different and therefore, it's uncomfortable, and your body HATES being uncomfortable. So the key here is tricking yourself into thinking it's not really missing out.
Hey there! it's late. 10:30pm my time. Not a lot of energy for blogging. It was a good and productive day, though. Let me run you briefly through it.
I'm sick of people telling me that my child was not vaccine damaged. I'm sick of the biased vaccine studies saying that I don't know what happened to my son. A child doesn't go from being a chatty 17 month old to getting his vaccines, spiking a fever that night and then not speaking again for a year and a half.
Occupy Cedar Rapids drew massive support of 9 people the other day in the downtown area chanting, "Blah, blah, something, something... the people." At least that's what I heard as they "marched" across the street as I waited for the light to change. Maybe they can combine with the peace protestors that hang out on the Second Avenue bridge on Friday evenings to double their numbers. That is, if they are separate members of each group. Nevertheless, good luck keeping warm in the coming weeks. Iowa's winters tend to put a damper on camping out unless your heart is really in it.
A little old lady sold pretzels on a street corner for 25 cents each..
There are all sorts of other factors influencing the formula. For instance, factor #1 = relationship. Your children always receive the largest slice of the pie. It’s a golden rule that cannot be fooled with. Parents, bothers & sisters, nephews & nieces, and co-workers are left with the scraps. Then there’s factor #2 = age. The younger the recipient is, the higher the gift quotient. Christmas is for kids, after all. Then there’s what happens when you combine factors 1 & 2, what about grown kids? That’s when sub-factors come into play such as distance, both physically and emotionally? Does a child who stops by and calls frequently deserve a more substantial gift than one who you rarely see or hear from? And then there’s factor #3 = the reciprocation factor. How much do you spend on the relative whose presents to you look like re-gifts from a dirty Santa party?
John and I have had many fur-babies to love us. Sadly, they have passed on over The Rainbow Bridge. We still have 16 year old Pippin, a CAT (as in the FELINE species). He is such a lover – he loves to smooch – but only on his terms. He likes to steal my crystals.
I’d like to make the following observations of the data of my financial life this month:
2011, US, directed by Neil Burger
Now, the thing didn’t REALLY dry, ever. I still grabbed and old brush and started messing the thing up with white paint. Very messy. Take a look.
Together with a cover of famous American singer Madonna’s ‘Like A Virgin’, 2NE1 performed 4 songs and were able to interact with their fans on a more intimate level.
I was lucky. My first mom realized she was in over her head and she sought help. Even with that, she wasn’t able, for whatever reasons, to handle the job. She made the decision to give me the chance of a good life with another family. That couldn’t have been easy for her. I’ve tried for years to find her to tell her I don’t hold any animosity toward her for giving me up. Quite the opposite. I’m glad I had the chance for a better life and I salute her for her bravery.
People use humour to deal with all sorts of things including tragedy. I, as regular readers all know, have suffered from depression for the better part of my life, but I don’t find that my humour suffers when I’m depressed. If anything, and I even mentioned this to my doctor, I’d say it improves; he had no answer for that. I wrote my first two novels while deeply depressed and they’re full of humorous situations. I favour dry humour delivered deadpan, I take especial pleasure in wordplay, but with the exception of slapstick there’s not much I don’t enjoy when it comes to comedy. I have a replica of the late, great Eric Morecambe’s statue – the one on Morecambe’s sea front – in the living room and I display a photo of him in one of the bookcases – a card my daughter saw and aware of my affection for the man couldn’t resist getting for me.
Always w NM $15.00
Last weekend I had cleaned out the closet and pulled out the last of our Watchtower Society books, magazines, and brochures. I decided a nice little ritual burning was in order. So, last night, during the time I estimated the announcement would be made, I had a ritual. Roy piled all the books and magazines in our outdoor fire pit, I cast a witches circle, and we lit them on fire. I said a few choice words–whatever I felt ‘moved by the spirit’ to utter.
A representative of another mobile phone manufacturer observed the same profile of people when they were using mobile phones. He saw that many of these people had two handsets on which they had inserted SIM cards of two different telecom providers. Typically one handset was on a heavily discounted telecom plan and the other was connected with a telecom provider who gave better network coverage. This led to the idea of Dual Sim mobile phones that carved out a profitable niche for the first movers.
My point is that these fuckers are so obviously racist, it makes me sad. The stickers and the blame and the allegations of "socialism" or being "un-American" is just a thinly veiled excuse for all those Dixie-Flag-Waving, Back-of-the-bus pointing, pathetically obvious rednecks to be the racist fuckers they are all out in the open. It's scary.
Lordy. Where do I start? Let’s see…Britney Spears ran over another photographer’s foot? Amy Winehouse gets booed off stage? W kicks his paci addiction? Umm, yeah, let’s start with W. Way more compelling than Winehouse and Spears.
scarf: Walmart
Tricky question because I have to take into account my skin colour. In some of the places I would like to travel back in time to I would be chased out of town or shackled into submission. So, in order not to spoil my own birthday post, I will choose the moment when Chopin composed his Étude Op. 10, No. 12 in C minor, known as the Revolutionary Étude because it was written against the backdrop of the Russian invasion of his native Poland in 1831. I would like to be in the same room as him, see his face and attempt to decipher what was going through his mind as he magicked the score onto paper.
Walking
DS7 only - "A Day to remember" by Jackie French
Waitress: 'Yes its decaff'
This past weekend, I read a prayer card that said “Thank God for the treasure of our marriage.” Yes… that’s what I’m talking about. Somehow a couple had reconnected, opened the dust jacket of their relationship and discovered the treasure of love.
I didn’t like this book! *eek* And yes, I did dislike this book with an exclamation point. I’ll give you that I was harder on this book because I picked it up during a time when I was dying for a can’t-put-it-down type of trashy romance. I needed a bodice ripper at it’s best. Luckily I didn’t put all my bookish dreams into one pot…Ashley over at Into The Hall of Books turned me onto The Night Huntress Series and it was love at first sight! So, while this first attempt [Craved] by Nelson held some potential for future trashy-ness I just couldn’t get past the bad writing.
I can safely say that the summer of 09/10 will forever be associated with not only the opening tune – you know, daa daa, da-da-da-DAH-da, da-da-da-DAAH-da, da, da, da-dah, but the background music that seems to play throughout all three films.
“She’ll be okay,” Roy said, “but she’s staying for a day or two.”
Suppose the Old Testament story of Joseph and his brothers was written in the POV of Gad? Could he have seen the wickedness of his own heart? (See Genesis chapters 37 to 50.)
that I wanted to feature her.
“When the pastor commanded the evil spirit to come out, I felt like there was a kitten inside my stomach that was being pulled out of me by its tail. It was stabbing its claws deep into my stomach and holding on with all its strength because it didn’t want to leave.
So today, I heard her try my doorknob (which was locked) and then knock on the door. And I thought, I have to settle this once and for all. Because the five phone calls, two text messages, and one uninvited drop-by per day are driving me insane.
Death masks were also believed to help the deceased soul to pass more easily into the next life. The respect and sacredness of the funeral rites of mask dancing was also believed to protect from reprisals from the dead and prevent the risk of wandering spirits. In some tribes the Death Mask was used in initiatory or homage ceremonies, which recounted the creation story and the appearance of death among human beings.
The reason for the gap? Technology. The HLDI study analyzed claims from vehicles newer than the 2006 model year. By that time, large SUVs came standard with electronic stability control — systems that keep vehicles from skidding in emergency maneuvers which has been shown to drastically reduce crashes — while in many cars the tech was still an option, especially smaller, cheaper models that teens often drive. As of the 2012 model year, all vehicles sold in the United States are required by law to offer ESC standard.
Well, it's time for a new challenge...
The media does this all the damn time. It’s childish and lazy but since when has our national punditry been anything else? Obama is a Zelig-like figure in the American media’s eye, someone for whom any convenient label is viewed as a means to sell magazines. Obama isn’t just our first black president or our first gay president, he’s also:
“Can be used as a cover for prefolds and flats and the fit is still great.”
Elliott Kalb is a five-time Sports Emmy winner, working for NBC Sports for 15-years, and currently for HBO Sports, TNT, and CBS-Westwood One Radio Network. Known to many as Mr. Stats, he’s written two books, posted an excellent article with us and now he sits down with me to answers some questions.
Form a ball in your hands with the granola. Stick a lollipop stick into the ball and then gently flatten it. Lay it on a non stick surface. Add the ears, which I made out of pie crust. I placed mini chocolate chips on for the eyes to make sure I had the right size circle. (I took the mini chips off before I put them in the oven.)
Others were targeting Bank of America and HSBC branches, as well as Disney and The New York Times. “Prosecute the fraud” and “Jobs now,” read two protest placards.
Had fun tho, and still going to use clay over the plaster to try to get some kind of detail.
Secondly, not all black people fit into the mold of people who listen to hip hop and rnb, and wear urban brands, or act out rudely or hoodish,, its just NOT TRUE!! lol
Given has also won a few awards and is very highly regarded in the cocktail community. Here;s a few achievements....
$156.00
These poems aren’t about “haiku moments.” They have vivid and compelling images; but they’re allusive, elusive, experimental, full of large ideas — not just tiny moments of awareness. I say this not to cast aspersions on tiny moments of awareness, just to point out that in the culture where haiku developed, there is apparently a much broader conception of what constitutes a “real” haiku than in our own.
Most of his his hits have been written with longtime songwriting partner Bernie Taupin. They have been writing together since 1967 and have collaborated on 30 of John’s albums.
Someone isn't a Christian, is a new Christian, is a growing Christian, is a training Christian.
By some miracle she did sleep for a little more over the weekend, plus my hubby was available to keep her contented, so I managed to escape into the loft for a little while ... it was bliss!! Although I should have taken the opportunity and make quick cards, I just wanted to play ... so embossing powders, the heatgun and sewing machine all made an appearance.... I didn't know where I was going with this when I started I just continued playing and fiddling, and this was the result.
I loved the wording of the following quote. Love that it becomes layered when you compare a Capaill Usice to a regular horse; Corr to regular Capaill Usice…
Today at school there was an ‘expo’ of sorts with the different universities in my area. I have given thought to my uni before this and I’m still pretty set on where I want to go, but at the same time I can’t help wondering what would happen if I take X course instead of Y.
two colors (the scanner made them look like red but it isn't)
Of course we know that he is with us always, but for those who were in his human presence for years this must have been poor consolation indeed.
Pillows on Daybed : Made by me (post here). Elephant pillow - made from a tea towel from Anthropologie. Cost : $18. All other pillows I had the materials for. I've had the big green pillows for quite some time now, but they're from Stein Mart.
1. A place for a compelling headline. Everything on your squeeze page should be geared to getting your visitors to sign up to your list. To that end you want to have a compelling free offer for them.
Not hard but lots to do – butchering the chicken, boning the thighs, wrapping the breasts in the ham, slicing all the veg, making the sauce, cooking the rice pilaf.
7.) Let rice dry. It dries very fast outside on a sunny warm day!
A quick wit, when used properly, can garner you more attention than looks or money.
Music Video for Tanya Davis's Song Art, by Andrea Dorfman
B.D. also was able to find a Cal Ripken card I didn't have, which I keep saying is a rarity these days. Anyways, I think this card is the black un-numbered retail parallel from '08 Baseball Heroes. With Cal appearing on 3 different cards in the base set, that means he quite possibly have eleventy billion parallels to chase down.
I asked my Veda Guru what her Guruji did when he was subjected to the views of all and sundry. She said, “He gave them all a careful ear, and if they were silly.. he just laughed”.
and Retirement
“There’s so much traffic. It’s approximately an hour and a half to the O2 every time…. I hate awakening early and I ‘m always late, so the tube is like 10 minutes,” she told interviewer Jonathan Ross recently about her love for public transportation. Post-show she and Drake headed to Low nightclub to hang out with pals.
I read a little out and so did some of my friends for me, and all went well.
5 Reptile (Matthias Zimmermann Remix) 6:27
doesn’t send anything out for processing. So I hope that’s helpful
Today, in 2012, creating any general traffic laws to protect travel by horse would be crazy. Unless you live in a rural area or are a member of one of a couple of religious sects, you probably don’t even see a horse on the road on a regular basis, much less use one for transportation.
Lorne gagged. Erebus. The stink hit his senses before he heard the creature's call. The monstrous beast lumbered toward his direct path to the mountain, having a central core and tentacles larger than any other he had laid eyes on. This one moved faster, too. The creature could take him out before he reached the mountain. I have to get there first.
All you need to create crème Chantilly is a half pint of heavy whipping cream, a balloon whisk, and a bit of patience. If you've never whipped cream, check out these expert step-by-step directions and you'll have a bowl of delcious crème Chantilly in minutes.
NaNo gave me eight days of the most intense writerly experience of my life, and I loved it. My NaNo didn't actually finish that Tuesday - 'Bad Romance' eventually topped out at about 67,000 words, and I kept up the 1,700-a-day until I reached that point, and even after that I kept going to meets and things - but it was those eight days that told me what I wanted to do with my life.
they will just be like
The advantage of looking up for cricket fan and online sites that are recorded during a match goes on. In fact there are several cricket fans just love all of this. Cricket fans love disusing about everything related to them had never been free from controversies. Even some controversies overshadowed world cricket. Controversies have been remained unnoticed.
Here are some pictures of the items:
Of course she should be paid
There’s something special about a public declaration. The Bible tells us that we are to confess with our mouths that Jesus is Lord. We ought to say it out loud for others to hear. Or how about baptism? It is a public declaration of what Christ is doing in your life. It is taking your faith public! What’s the state of your faith? Have you “gone public” with it like Josiah did? Because it is in the going public that your world will be changed. It is the going public that will bring hope, peace, and salvation to your neighbors, friends, family… and maybe even enemies. I dare you today – go public! You weren’t called to be an undercover Christian but one who lives out loud for the glory of the Lord!
But all this “hermitry” means that the new novel is finally happening! It is taking shape, there are 7000 words and the plot is evolving nicely. The only problem I currently face is that a secondary character, a hardnosed bitch of an astrophysicist, is trying to take control. You know, it's one thing hearing the voices in your head, it’s a whole other matter when they start bullying you. There is going to have to be some serious reigning in. Characters need to know their place.
I noticed that the soap was heating up in the mold. Quizzing some of my soaper friends, they haven't had patch heat up so it will be interesting to see if I get a partial gel or a full gel as I let it just sit without the fan. I like to see what a mold is going to do on it's own. So we'll see!
Mythbusters
The screencast above is extremely well-organized and clearly delivered; however, its components ought to be broken down into smaller, more digestable pieces. Smaller segments increase the likelihood that students will finish watching them, provide better navigation of concepts or instructions, and make it more likely for them to be referenced in the future. While I tried to do this with my screencasts on the Sage Journals Online database, I still wish I had shortened them and included less information in each. Even though I know better, I give in to the temptation to be exhaustive at the expense of being effective.
FogBay: Fantastic daily photography (how does he do it?!) and incredibly interesting anecdotes of San Francisco's varied and colorful past and present. Truly a must read for anyone interested in our fair city.
Marcus
Food cravings: No real cravings this week. I’m still on a baked potato kick. Oh, I did crave some macaroni and cheese, so I made some last night, but it didn’t satisfy my craving at all because it was basically disgusting. I know I’ll be eating some delicious baked macaroni on Christmas day with my family, so I can just wait!
I take my reading glasses from my jacket pocket and wipe it clean with the handkerchief my mother gave me the day I graduated from the university. As I’m wiping the lenses I take the chance to observe the man.
Besides the ad, the White House is marking the first anniversary of the SEAL Team Six raid that killed bin Laden inside his compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan with a series of briefings and an NBC interview in the Situation Room designed to highlight the ‘gutsy call’ made by the President. here
But what's more idiotic is all the support this guy got.
In this edition of South By Bobnoxious I'll delve into the similarities and intricacies of how to approach them both in the Bobnoxious way.
The first time I came across this quote, I was working in a flower shop where part of my job was to remove the thorns from all the roses. The task literally shredded the skin on my hands, turning my fingers into a cracked, green-stained twigs. Flower shops aren’t nearly as glamorous as everyone thinks! Ah, I’ve digressed.
Denver’s proximity to world-class skiing influence Laid-Back Skier. When I ski, I’m often on chairlifts with people from all over the world who’ve made their way to ski Colorado. I enjoy the international aspects of skiing: the different languages spoken, all the international flags flying. And Denver is so close to that magnificent outdoor playground.
Thanks for stopping bye, come back soon as I unleash my new style for my Creative biz, Orangalicious Creations.
Don’t be late for the meeting
During the time of Jesus’ birth an evil King named Harod ruled the earth. When King Herod heard of the news, he became very upset of the birth of a baby boy that was to replace him as the King to the Jews. And so in his anger, Harod called together all the chief priests and teachers of the law to find out exactly where the Christ was to born. In the city of Bethlehem, in Judea the baby boy king was born in a mangers stall. For on that night, a new star appeared shinning brighter than bright. The kings Magi said to the King, this was the sign of the light.
Then there's paid advertising on Facebook. There has been substantial uproar about Facebook's intrusion into the private lives of its users. They know everything about us -- from what kind of dog we have to who gave us that nasty rash. All this information about our behavior and our preferences and our personal lives is supposed to allow advertising on Facebook to be uniquely effective.
he would wear a white suite, just like robert redford's jay. and we would be married on the sands of ... somewhere. the gulf beaches are too bright, too new. i picture instead brunswick, georgia or beaufort, south carolina. ladies could wear cocktail dresses and men crisp suits. the fare would be light and the cocktails cold and abundant.
If I hit the roadblock.
Once the cribs were assembled we were ready for our first test…dun dun dun, Nap time. I took everything out of their rooms with the exception of their dressers (which the knobs are off of, btw, so they are not able to open them) and a few small lovies. Realistically I knew nap one would hardly be a nap at all with their new found freedom. The first thing they ALL did? Switch beds. That, by far, has been the coolest part for them about the whole transition…getting to sleep in the other’s beds.
- Pistachio macarons
“You know it wasn’t the best start ever from us. I think the clutch slipped quite a lot. Fernando had a better jump than us,” Maldonado said. “It was so close, I tried to defend the position but he was already on the better part of the track, so I decided to back off and follow him.
So I know ya'll are all wondering about the other penny, right? Well, the saga drug on for a while. Jack and I both were sick of eating cupcakes so we talked Allen into coming down and eating more. It was strange that it just kept getting down to fewer and fewer cupcakes and still no penny. Finally, we got down to the last two. Erin and Sal; which wold it be? I mustered up the stomach for one more while Allen took the other one. We chewed slowly, wondering which one would hold the prize. Then....we realized neither one did. What?? Those were the last two?? What happened to the other penny? Allen and Jack laughed at me! Are you absolutely sure you put TWO pennies in the batter?? Yes!! I know I did! Ya'll saw me! I could not figure out what went wrong. Had one of us accidentally eaten one of the coins? You'd think we would have noticed that. We thought and thought and scratched our heads but we never did figure it out or determine where that other penny got off to. So..................
13. Allegretto
Building Stamina
-suitable for hot and cold drinks
As a presbytery, too, we’ve reaffirmed our commitment to the spiritual and missional health of each congregation. We know that without healthy and vital congregations, there is no healthy and vital presbytery. We are here to serve you, as you serve your communities.
Homework is a tricky beast for me. We do not give grades at our school, or even have requirements the students must meet (other than IEP goals and the like - which if they don't meet, it's on me as the teacher and not the students, of course), since we are a center-based special ed school and none of our students are diploma or certificate-bound. Before this year, none of my students had ever had homework from school before.
As a matter of fact, I lobbied quite hard, unsuccessfully as it turned out, to name Her Majesty after my favorite actress. This was perhaps all for the best, as H.M. has turned out to have exactly the right name after all.
“No,” I said. “When we get home, why don’t we watch cartoons?”
This is a reminder that our Sept club meeting will be Tue Sep 8 at The Coney, starting at 8pm. The topic for this month will be 'evaluating beer'. Many of us really enjoy our homebrew and other beer on a level that others don't quite get. But what does it take to judge a beer? How good are we at picking up subtle notes of ingredients and off flavors? If we smell or taste something - can we describe it accurately? At this meeting, let's talk about the process of evaluating beer - from appearance to aroma to taste. We can also discuss how beer judges score a beer within style guidelines, and perhaps we can think about some of our members submitting some beers to upcoming contests!
40. Cried yourself to sleep? - Definitely when I was a baby. I was colicky. Now I'm really mellow. Go figure...
Split personalities, ugly equality, and Gnosticism: three severe problems to account for when sharing the Christian faith online. Accounting for these, how shall we go forward?
-shitloads more water
had somewhere to be, eyes focused on
ShopNBC did not say who these deals are with, but it could be with companies such as Comcast or DirecTV, for example. Those three renewals cover about 54 percent of ShopNBC’s 81 million households.
McConnell and colleagues (2011) argued that pets provide social support for their owners and help fulfill their owners' need for belonging (that is, having close, rewarding relationships), both of which are strongly tied to better well-being. They set out to systematically test how and why pet owners may be in better psychological shape than their counterparts without fuzzy companions.
Bigelow Aerospace is an entrepreneurial company dedicated to revolutionizing space commerce and exploration via the development of next-generation expandable habitat technology. Bigelow Aerospace’s habitats will offer unprecedented amounts of volume on-orbit while providing astronauts with enhanced protection against radiation and physical debris. Bigelow habitats are also lighter and more affordable than traditional rigidized metallic structures. Bigelow Aerospace is the first and only organization to demonstrate expandable habitat technology in orbit, via the successful launch of Genesis I in 2006 and Genesis II in 2007. Bigelow Aerospace has manufacturing facilities and offices in Nevada and Maryland. For more information, visit www.bigelowaerospace.com.
- earth - pentastar: in the style of demons - sub pop records - 1996 (lp)
you are in
By John Lewis
She came into church a few minutes late. She felt bad, but she’d been taking care of a friend’s dog and was running behind. She slipped into the service and noticed a few spots empty.
The conversation lasted for three days...via text (ding ding ding) and we decided to grab dinner at a local restaurant...cool...I was broke anyways and he offered to pay. He was actually very nice, so I was looking forward to the date. Looking back over his profile and his noted height, I dressed to impress, including a sexy-ass pair of heels and skinny jeans.
They have a ton to choose from here.
Now, the equation of Petrovitch's life is looking increasingly complex.
We didn’t do this in an irreverent way. We just thought it was fun because the haw flakes looked like the hosts for the mass. When I got older, I realized that this was really weird up until I watched Oprah, and she said she used to play mass too. Cool!
Here is Aprils moodboard.
6. till I Meet You
You Ask Me To
Primera is the world’s best-selling, most award-winning brand of CD, DVD and Blu-rayTM Disc Publishers. We offer a broad range of automated disc recording and printing solutions for all needs including our entry-level Bravo SE Disc Publisher to our mid-range Bravo 4100-Series to our high-end Bravo XRP Disc Publisher for production environments.
Welcome back spring….even with all your mud.
All I really want for Christmas
Noosaville
There were a few things about this whole enterprise I wasn't too keen on.
And you would be right.
Noise Industries development partner SUGARfx introduces Punchline, a collection of high quality title and transition elements that have been designed by its broadcast team exclusively for Final Cut Pro X. Features include 11 different customizable titles, 21 customizable transitions, footage enhancement, as well as unique and complex element usage such as mattes, color modes and animation.
They actually took the bait!
“Tru, it’s because of who you are and how you tell the story
Yep! we'd like to see all your creations celebrating something!
Dealing with loss
Micheletto leads BoB to meet with Cesare, who says he knows all these guys hate each other (very true) but they hate the French more (also true). Cesare’s learned from Juan’s mistake and knows they can’t defeat a whole army, but they can seriously freak it out by leading raids. BoB’s cool with that.
You know, I often said that I felt like my rear end was dragging the ground when I rode in that car....now I know why.
(Sorry about the dark picture... it was either get it dark or get it with too much glare).
property is adjacent to farm land and there are not even street
Instructions: (From Writing Down the Bones by Natalie Goldberg) Tell about the quality of light coming in from your window. Jump in and write. Don’t worry if it’s night and the curtains are closed or you would rather write about the light up north—just write. Go for ten minutes, fifteen, a half an hour.
Last summer, my husband Peter, my daughter Julie and I hiked to this very still and quiet little pond in the White Mountains of New Hampshire….Greeley Pond. It was sooo quiet and still….just remarkable.
I had unpictured cereal for breakfast of course. 2 bowls shredded wheat, 1 bowl brown rice krispies, and a banana. Never gets old (well at least not for me. Maybe for you though which is why I didn’t bother taking a picture).
Overseas investment is growing as more investors continue to capitalise on the UAE as a safe haven for personal and commercial reasons. With these factors in place, UAE’s real estate could surprise investors.
It is 20 years ago today that my good friend, and first real love Dan died. He had a rare form of cancer called rhabdomyosarcoma. He had cancer for the entire two years, four months and two days that we were together. He was extremely intelligent and brilliant at math. He was tall and quiet and liked heavy metal music, and he really loved Pink Floyd.
If you’ve never heard of Knoydart, I wouldn’t really be surprised. It’s a remote peninsula in the north-west of Scotland, sparsely populated, stunningly beautiful, and so mountainous that even the most serious Munro-baggers regard it with awe. Cut off by mountains on the landward side, the tiny coastal village of Inverie is accessible only by boat from Mallaig – unless you fancy a two-day hike over difficult terrain.
Also, I've decided that I'm going to apply to some modelling agencies soon. I know, I know, its VERY unlikely as my style would probably be a problem, but it couldn't hurt, right? So for a week or two I'm going to work suuuuper hard on my diet and exercise and try to get lots of new pictures taken that would look impressive to an agency, then apply.:)
There you have it. Chopping the vegetables, adding seasonings and broth blends into the most satisfying, creamy tummy-warming soup in just about one half an hour. Yes, from the chop to the blend I was eating not one but two bowls of this velvety smooth liquid meal in under an hour! How wonderful is that?
"By the advice of our guide, we proceeded to the mashing-stage on the first floor of the brewhouse, passing through the Excise office to see the grist-hoppers, two in number, depending over the mash-tuns, and capable of holding 100 quarters; the crushed malt being delivered thereto by a Jacob's ladder. The hoppers are constructed of timber, stained and varnished, each being lined with zinc. The mashing-stage covers nearly half of the first floor of the brewery, and is 60 feet in length. It contains three domed mash-tuns, constructed of cast-iron, lagged and encased with match-boarding, which is stained and varnished. The mashing capacity of these tuns is 100 quarters, and they all contain the usual draining plates, mashing gear (driven by steam-power), and overhead revolving spargers. All the tuns are commanded by Steel's mashing machines, which are for saturating the malt and water, at a heat of about 150 degrees, or thereabouts, according to the lightness or heaviness of the malt, and this brings us to the subject of liquor or water, which plays such an important part in brewing. It may be as well to explain, that the water for brewing is obtained from a deep well in the north yard, which is excavated 100 feet, and bored to a depth of 300 feet There are also four other wells on the premises, used for different purposes. The storing tank is placed at the top of the brewery and commands a large malleable iron water heater, lagged with composition and heated by double furnaces. It is placed in a brick built room 50 feet long, on the south side of the copper hearth, and has a capacity of 300 barrels. On the copper hearth there are two more heaters, both used for heating mashing water, and containing together 400 barrels."
#6
But for now, I have a couple of cards to share using some new Unity stamps.
The “Banana Bus” is a tour bus that can take you to several locations depending on what you are interested in. We took a tour of the island of Aruba and could not believe how much it looks like the southwest. Their rainfall is minimal so the terrain is very dry and cactus abound. Back to the bus – it is as festive inside as it is outside. The music is festive island music and if you are interested you can have island type beverages; either virgin or alcoholic: my beverage recommendation – water. It is scorching hot and dehydration can set in very quickly.
Miles 10-12
“Elm Publishing is the brand new option in the UK Self Publishing world, launched in January 2011, for all those Authors who are fed up with 'self publishing' companies who charge high fees, but you don't get a full service without searching though a multitude of options, adding cost to the project.
And nothing will chip away at your ability to think for yourself the way a bad job will….
Britain doesn’t drink too much, but too often drinks unwisely
Later on the Flower-Maidens come back, carrying a large bed on which Kundry will give a fundamental kiss to Parsifal, that coincides with the moment in which he understands the meaning of Amfortas' pain and Amfortas' blood (instructive kiss). That too is scenically beautifully done: a few stains of blood on the white bed appear, they get larger and larger during the crescendo monologue, and a couple of minutes later the bed is almost completely covered with blood. As Klingsor's rage grows bigger, the Maidens start staining their white dresses and even soak blood by their long hairs. When Klingsor throws the Holy Spear at Parsifal, all the women pull their spears too --until then in a vertical position each-- and point them towards Parsifal. None of it worked: Parsifal broke the Klingsor's magic, which is fatal for Klingsor who falls in blood with a spectacular splash. Flower-Maidens die too.
He testified that he was not drunk on the night but suffering from medication side-effects. He had also claimed that a colleague, Stanley Sagathevan, was driving his car that night.
"Yeees," replied the teacher. "But I was looking for something simpler."
I never used to worry about where my books came from, but that was before I hoped to be published myself one day. Now, I am acutely aware that, when I buy books second-hand, the author isn’t getting a cut. Neither is the publisher, although I am less concerned about that.
We went to Dowelltown, TN (somewhere in Middle Tennessee) to have a late Christmas get together with my Mom's side of the family (the Collins clan, aka "The Estrogen Nation") last Friday through Sunday. We stayed at this IN-CREDIBLE house in a "holler" in the Dry Creek Valley near Smithville. All I can say is, I cannot WAIT to come back here in the summer. Dry Creek is fed by springs that flow out of a cave, with absolutely the clearest water I've ever seen in the mountains (a huge swimming hole just outside the mouth of the cave you could see to the bottom of). Two creeks actually merge just down the road and there are plenty of shallow spots for the kids to wade in and look for craw dads. It was a wonderful time.
I shall be tweeting this giveaway, talking about it on Facebook and I shall announce the winner a week from today, on Wednesday 21st December, here on the blog, on Twitter and on Facebook too.
Silicone is a very common element found in rocks and sand and makes up approximately 28% of the Earth’s crust.
but there are so many positive things happening.
Beat the heat of a hot Summer day as you enjoy the cold Vazhai Poo Pachadi.
Makes 4 dumplings.
One week later, I watched the funeral with my newborn baby in my arms.
We'll follow the old man wherever he wants to go
Circle of firelight and told him
What a true word! What we worship, we become–even when we worship God! And what danger, because when we worship a false, a broken, an imperfect image of God, those imperfections themselves get imprinted on our faith. Do you believe God is cruel and harsh? You are likely to be cruel and harsh. Do you believe God is unforgiving? You are likely to be unforgiving yourself. Do you believe God is an abstraction of power? You are likely to find yourself worshipping power in all its forms. Do you think God is love (in such a way that you could also say “love is God”)? Then your faith will be all sentiment, and no cross.
Won’t you pray for mercy while there is still time for mercy?
However one of the disadvantages for a transplanted Scot living in the Land Down Under is that there is no correlation between either Mother’s or Father’s Day in the UK and Australia. This year Father’s Day in the UK was mid June whereas the Australians have just raised a paternal glass, likewise Mother’s Day was celebrated early April in the UK and mid May in Australia. As a result my poor parents miss out big time in that I never realise, and/or get my act together in time for the UK jollifications and it then seems ridiculous to send a card at what would appear to be a totally random time of the year.
and left to wander in distraction
11 Rat Trap
I discovered these fabulous water-color crayons while taking that Art of Wild Abandonment class I took recently. They are so great & give you so much more control over where your color goes than palette watercolors. I don't know if I am using them the proper "watercolorist" way, but I like the effects I got!
Sedona and her dad recently hung out at North Jersey's Dog Dome for some socialization and exercise. Big strides for this little girl who wouldn't even leave her crate the first few days after she was placed in foster care with RPB. Sedona found her forever home back in April and is doing wonderfully.
MINZY is an unpredictable person. She actually likes knitting, reading books and writing novels. She’s a very deep person.
"Eww. I don't like spiders." I said giving him the reaction he wanted. He knows I have a phobia.
along with its sister totems, the Dragon and the Serpent.
Now that you’re here to rock with me
By that time I was doing the same job as him on the direct side of the business, and I was interested in how he taught people.
The app allows women to upload pictures and stories about unwanted advances.
Ronan stands perfectly still for a moment, and then starts out “Thank you Cleo…” and then into the hallway.
Frozen Yogurt Cup
As to why this is important – it gives you flexibility. I remember at the end of 1999 the company I was contracted to decided they were going to cut all their IT contractors at the end of the year. They had invested in sponsoring a race car and needed the money. I wish I was kidding. I was working as a system administrator, managing Windows NT 4.0 domains, servers, and workstations. However, I had web development (ASP) and SQL Server skills from my Air Force days and when I started work, I realized that there was all kinds of information in the databases we had access to but that the interfaces we had to use were terrible. You couldn’t get the info out easily. So I set about building web pages to produce real time reports so we could track tickets, etc. It made life easier for us, we were more valuable to our end users, and I kept my ASP and SQL skills up. Needless to say, when I received word about all contracts coming to an end, I started looking. I wasn’t hired as a system administrator, but as a web developer. Having that skill set gave me the option to interview for that position. For me, that was a valuable lesson. In the current organization I’ve gone from web developer to SQL Server DBA, to infrastructure and security architect, and back to DBA again. I’ve always tried to keep my skills up to date in the various areas and that means looking for opportunities to renew skills. I want to maintain the flexibility and so do you. Look for chances to renew older skills to build that flexibility into your career.
Through which questions may fall
As we've reported here, last year it was revealed that a couple of classic monsters from the 60′s and 70′s will be back.
P.S. Radical Homosexuals in Congress have a plan to BRAINWASH/indoctrinate our children in schools — both public and private. Please, STOP being politicaly-correct=LIE, STOP allowing idiots amd Morons to bully and twist words YOU KNOW ARE CORRECT! And START being HONEST – STOP using “gay” out of text=Gay old time, happy, an emotion and begin using the proper noun-fag, lesbian! Homophobia -Homo=homosapien, meaning man, phobia=fear, homo+phobia=fear of man. Of course IDIOTS and MORONS will try to twist it into a LIE away from its ACTUAL meaning!
I can't believe February is over. I posted a whole two times last month. Ummm.....Oops? I really hope March goes just as fast for me.
achieve. Revisiting and revising my goals. I’m not sure if this reflection is the result of losing a dear brother, days shy of his fortieth birthday and seeing what it did to my family. Perhaps it’s seeing my son finish high school and knowing a chapter is closing and another beginning. Maybe it was because I almost died. Any or all of them, most likely. Whatever the reason, I’ve been thinking about past, present, and future.
How tired we feel, my heart and I
“Starvation,” says the Sheriff.
Label : Discotexas
The best money anyone can spend on skincare is a visit to a dermatologist. I started going a couple years back after finding myself plagued with adult acne. It took a long time for the dermatologist to 1) figure out what was wrong because there were a lot of things wrong (hormones, rosacea, eczema, etc.) and 2) understand just how delicate my skin is (or at least was). By the time the pills and dosages were ironed out, my skin was scarred--and some of it bad. At that point, I did one round of a very intensive laser treatment to restart the skin's natural process of healing. Within two weeks, the texture of my skin was better. Within a month, it was looking so good! And after six months, I could look at my skin in raking light without collapsing into a fit of fears. Because of a few areas around my mouth, I would like to do this treatment again, but I'm not yet planning for it. Not only is it very expensive, it hurts beyond imagining. If there's no absolute need for pain, then why have pain? Right?
This month’s seizure figures represent at least 64 dead elephants, bringing the total since this time last year to at least 3,530…*
After ? fun d?y on the beach, and maybe ?ome Outer Banks s?ghtseeing, why not head t? the pier f?r some n?ght fishing! The piers ha?e plenty of lighting ?nd the fi?hing is ?ften very good at night. U?ually, the sharks ?re live?ier, ?nd seem to hit harder after dark. The bright l?ghts fr?m the pier attract the s?all ?ait fish, which m?ans the bigge? fish are close by and hungry! Th?s puts you in ? perfect spot to hook ? big on?!
What a way to kick off this a new life with a great poem entitled “Begin the Day”. A new beginning and everything else is considered an opportunity for growing success first within ourselves and then bringing that to share with our neighbors and loved ones.
The fabric I have is really nearly perfect and since I have it in the STASH it counts as de-stashing! Woo-hoo! I've got the corset and other undergarments already and a lot of pattern bits and pieces I can Franken-pattern into something resembling the artwork. I'm thinking the Truly Victorian 1905 Circular skirt, and 1890s sleeves view 2 and a bodice I've drafted with added points.
"because i can!"
-red and yellow construction paper
2. Wishing Well (4:47)
From basic relationship between two people to social activities created through Facebook, the effect of social network may exceed our thinking and overcome our expectations achieving changes in the human being life even in the quiet and peace life of a senior lady.
143. “I do not like to repeat successes; I like to go on to other things.” – Walt Disney
The applicant’s agent, Alan Yarwood, of the Derbyshire Gypsy Liaison Group, said: “This condition (three caravans) is generally acceptable but there are occasions such as Christmas or other family celebrations when all of Mr Smith’s sons and daughters gather together with their wives and children. On such occasions, the total number of caravans to be accommodated rises to five.
As a member, in good standing, of the National Association of Armchair Critics (Home and Abroad), I want to respond to you
After struggling with an eating disorder and abusing my body for over a decade, being pregnant, giving birth and watching my son grow on the milk that my body makes for him have given me a respect and appreciation for my body that words can’t describe. I am truly changed and being a mom has made me whole. I have a passion for pregnancy and childbirth that I hope to use in the future to help and
On the traffic island on the main street in our neighborhood, I saw workers planting grass in the city’s attempt to beautify the district.
My next foray into the skiing world was when I was 11: an altogether less enjoyable experience. It was in Val d’Isere in the French Alps in January. Memories of white-outs, grey skies, snow and more snow; sickness every morning as I looked out onto a bleak expanse, knowing I had to go out into it and mix with a group of strangers who were four times my age and didn’t speak my language with a bugger of an instructor who lost patience with my falling off the lifts (button lifts this time, but still I struggled). For anyone who has come a cropper up a steep rocky incline on a drag lift in a white-out when you have barely mastered the snow-plough, this will surely resonate. These were meant to be holidays, time off school, time to have fun – not be tortured and abused by geography, weather, man and leather (boots were not as they are today – it took hours just to lace them up and work out how to get them into the complicated configurations of metal which they called bindings). No, this was no happy union of man and mountain, I can tell you.
Due to the fact that 5 plus a frequent budget.
I'm not sure how I knew those were get up pats,I just knew.
But when you get right down to it, we have a pretty tactless scene halfway in where Mike/Irving becomes a rubber-masked wolfman wearing a brown Phyllis Diller wig, and he attacks, rapes and kills a comely lass in her own shabby hotel room. This pretty much comes out of left field and does not leave the viewer with any laughs and no tittilation either... unless seeing dead girls covered in reddish-orange blood is a turn-on for you, ya freak. And if it is, the door's right over there. Hit the road.
9. He has never even asked for my friendship.
Downtown 121
Israel—Kings and rulers
3). 28mm Pulp
When a beautiful 16-year-old girl named Sophie is found sequestered in a cage-like room in a rundown house in the desolate hills of Arbon Valley, Idaho, the entire community is shocked to learn she is the legendary Callidora--a baby girl who was kidnapped from her crib almost seventeen years ago and canonized in missing posters with portraits of what the fabled girl might resemble. Authorities soon learn that the cage was there to protect people from Sophie, because her biological father believes she is cursed.
Usage: Daily Flavor, Food Flavor, Tobacco Flavor
The Problem:
I am not on any CRAB drugs due to side effects - sometimes a scary thought, sometimes not. It will be interesting to see if the kidney doctor thinks my decreased kidney functioning is due to CRAB drugs or if it's something else.
You were right, old friend, this is just the place to celebrate! Great place, fantastic noodles, and they brew their own beer too. What do you like the look of?............Hmmm? Crispy noodles? .............Well I suppose so. They do carry the sauce well but you have to be so careful with the sticks. Speaking of which, do you remember the old knife and fork? Old friend? Do you?............. Haha! I suppose not. Not that much use to you really. I kind of miss them. This left hand of mine is a little lost without them.
You can just give. You can bend, you can stretch, you can compromise, you can accommodate. You can have many more than just two positions. You can give (and give and give...) without giving in.
How time flies...
I propose a deal with the wives, which goes something like this. They hand over a few extra thousand if the husbands agree to stick to craft beer.
I believe the author missed writing an unforgettable book by going too much the Hollywood way with chases, men in black, etc - though luckily he backs away in the end from that aspect which ultimately looks even more pointless. I also found the comparisons of the McCarthy era and later of Bush's invasion of Iraq with Nazi Germany beyond the pale and that aspect is even clearer today in the "new era" of drone executions and take no prisoners navy seals assaults ordered by our Nobel Peace Prize winner president to the unembarrassed silence and even cheering of the former Bush critics. As another negative, in the Net Galley e-arc copy I read there were also a few historical mistakes like situating Pearl Harbor in 1943, but those may have been corrected.
The beauty of photography is having the ability to selfishly freeze moments in time that you’d like to remember forever and revisit from time to time. It’s a way to pinpoint exact emotions and expressions; it’s a way to showcase a facet of oneself that my not be regularly on display. I love photographing sports and action because I feel as though I’m tapping into something special. If “a picture is worth a thousand words,” then I’d like to produce volumes.
2. Be patient.
So how about you? Do you rush to make a self-imposed deadline (guilty as charged!) or do you take your time and do it right, no matter how long it takes?
Basic Kibbeh Recipe
The process of election, including the collation of and announcemet of results in the United Kingdom is as follows:
‘This explains that the eternal, self-referral mechanics of transformation exists in the co-existence of the two contradictory qualities of consciousness—singularity and diversity.
May 28 - 29 - George & Susan
300g all purpose flour
We did some more work before this season and he has started off rather impressively, I must say. He has hit the ball out of the infield a couple of times and almost had a ‘little league home-run’ (that’s when the ball goes through about six pairs of legs and the kid just keeps running around the bases and they all call it a ‘homer’ even though there were five to twelve errors on the play).
The first tweet was my response to reading Cameron/Sopel interview
The plan isn’t simple and it won’t be easy to implement, but I am convinced that it is the only way to save sports from their ultimate Paulusization (so named for Duke Uber-flopper Greg Paulus). It will take the absolute cooperation of players, broadcast partners and officials. And implementation needs to begin tomorrow.
I was in charge of running it this year and had a lot of fun putting it together and incorporating a lot of great suggestions (bake sale, alternating the live and silent auctions etc). But, because I was so busy, I forgot to take pictures. D'oh!
Like the look? Don't like it? Let me know what you think.
“Now I am speaking to you Gentiles. Inasmuch then as I am the apostle to the Gentiles, I glory in my ministry in order to make my race jealous and thus save some of them. For if their rejection is the reconciliation of the world, what will their acceptance be but life from the dead? If the firstfruits are holy, so is the whole batch of dough; and if the root is holy, so are the branches. But if some of the branches were broken off, and you, a wild olive shoot, were grafted in their place and have come to share in the rich root of the olive tree, do not boast against the branches. If you do boast, consider that you do not support the root; the root supports you. Indeed you will say, ‘Branches were broken off so that I might be grafted in.’ That is so. They were broken off because of unbelief, but you are there because of faith. So do not become haughty, but stand in awe. For if God did not spare the natural branches, (perhaps) he will not spare you either. See, then, the kindness and severity of God: severity toward those who fell, but God’s kindness to you, provided you remain in his kindness; otherwise you too will be cut off.” (Romans 11:13-22, emphasis added)
Heat butter & oil in wok. Add cooked rice, frozen veggies, green onions, salt, pepper, garlic powder & saute for 5 minutes on medium/high heat. Scramble eggs in separate pan. Then, add eggs, soy sauce and chopped cooked chicken breast to wok. Saute for 5 -10 minutes on medium heat. Feel free to add any more salt, pepper, garlic, or soy sauce to your preference. I honestly eye-balled this recipe for the most part...and it turned out great!
Miss America 2007, Lauren Nelson, and award-winning TV news anchor Robin Marsh share a passion to encourage teen girls. In this relevant, engaging devotional they show the cell phone generation of girls why accepting God’s call is the best decision they’ll ever make.
Allergan is a global, technology-driven multi-specialty health care company pursuing therapeutic advances to help patients live life to their fullest potential while the Philippine Glaucoma Society is an internationally-recognized leader in providing excellent glaucoma care in the Philippines through education, exchange of ideas, research and publication.
You may notice that every one of the ancient accounts (between 1500’s and 2,000 B.C.) listed, were recorded before the word “dinosaur” was even created in 1841. This is very important point since dragons (dinosaurs) are such a renowned creature in the world and have been a part of historical accounts since ancient times.
Today's giveaway is sponsored by a dear blogging friend . . . one you probably know because her creations are EVERYWHERE! Bev, from Flamingo Toes and Flamingo Toes Designs is a creative genius . . . and she is also super duper generous because today she is giving away a $25.00 shop credit to her store Flamingo Toes Designs.
Vancouver Aquarium is located in the well-known Stanley Park. To find the entrance is a bit tricky for tourists (I was a tourist once and I can definitely say – it is tricky), because the Aquarium is hidden just in the middle of the park and if you go there by walk you can either ask people around you for directions or follow the signs with arrows pointing to Vancouver Aquarium.
What else??? Oh, lots of things so I’ll fill in the best I can. Also teaching a class at the prison on Mondays, called “Quest for authentic manhood” that is biblically based. After the class I stopped at McDonalds for a bite to eat. There was a bible study going on that I was invited to join, so I did. It was interesting to say the least as one of the leaders definitely doesn’t fit into the normal “church” box. In fact several of them had been kicked out of churches and experienced many things in church that our Lord would definitely not approve of. Fact is that lately I have been running into a lot of people who have had problems in and with traditional churches. This type of things seems to be on the rise for sure. There have always been problems in churches. As a pastor friend of mine said “Church is great, except there are people there”.
The exhibit is a miniature town consisting of various landscapes, plants, infrastructure (bridges, roadways, railroads, etc.), and buildings. All the buildings and infrastructure are made from natural material - plants, trees, rock, etc. The buildings are all re-creations of actual homes and businesses, either historical or modern, that either existed or did exist once, in the Nashville area.
"Dammit, Abby! Get out!" Demetrius snarled, pounding at the sides of the window. He then let out a roar of frustration and disappeared from sight.
My new favorite? The one I won't let anyone touch because it's MINE? The smoothie straw! I love smoothies, but I don't have an expensive blender, so sometimes they are chunky. Using a regular straw was pretty much impossible with my smoothies. The chunks would plug it up, and I just gave up on the whole idea. This new straw from Glass dharma is nice and wide, so no chunks get stuck, and I can just sip away to my hearts content! It also has a great little cleaning brush, so I never end up with grodey bits stuck inside.
In music a dissonant note well placed increases the beauty of the melody. This is the role filled by these priests at the departure of Krsna.
Second, television and films. Need I say more? I think we’ve all noticed that best sellers read like they’ve been written to be made into an action/thriller movie. And if they are, then they’re actually composed with different elements in mind than a writer puts into a story made for reading only.
“Don’t believe in trying to do all these things?
I agree. Grace is not ‘an eye for an eye’. Grace is forgiveness. Grace and love keeps no records of wrongs.
I guess those of us who are interested will know all about Kendall and her hormonal problems and her many growing-up changes. Very publicly. No privacy. At all…seems weird to me. C.
The dovecote was called a colombier or fuie from the 13th century on and pigeonnier until the 19th century. I have a few photos of where we stayed and this remarkable chateau.
This calendar makes the list of things to do into a really easy to follow list. Each day you tackle one spot or area, like the nightstand (and yes I have way too much on my nightstand!). How easy is that?! I've downloaded my copy - now you can check it out HERE to download and get rid of that clutter!
The evening will also feature never been seen before collaborations by several of the biggest names in music reflecting Diesel’s iconic brand values – irreverent, sexy, ironic, cool, high energy, and full of style and flair. Already confirmed are N.E.R.D., M.I.A. and Hot Chip. The evening’s ringmaster is world renowned nightlife impresario Joey Arias. Fusing the “Rock and Roll Circus” concept with the modern rock show, Diesel will immerse guests in a full-on audio and sensory environment. Full talent line-up and special performances will be revealed on September 15th with one surprise performance announced live during Diesel xXx.
So what is actually going on in this animal? By happy good fortune, I have a bint doing zoology at Oxford, with a tutor who is a world expert on marine thingies like these. Last port of call - Facebook.
Bake at 350 degrees F for 40 minutes in a 9 inch pie pan. If you're using a smaller pie pan, then you may need to push closer to 50 minutes on the cooking time. The toothpick trick does not work on brownie mixtures. You can lightly tap the center to determine if the brownie filling is set.
Each rooms measure approximately 10'x13'. That is the size of our smallest bedroom in the house. After the drywall goes up, the next thing is to add a closet in the inner room, paint, install carpets and my MIL's favorite part, decorate!
Kent Rydon "A sense of place results gradually and unconsciously from inhabiting a landscape over time, becoming familiar with its physical properties, accruing history with its confines."
to be thoughts of healing and health, of strength and vitality.
Several years ago as I was driving home from somewhere and I happened to noticed the speed limit sign out of the corner of my eye as I was reaching for the radio dial to turn up a favorite song that was beginning to play…
AHHH I'm so excited for this sequel! Infinite Days was one the first ARC's that I read and it was just amazing. It also has been the longest wait for the sequel yet. 2 years! I'm going to have to reread this one. There is so much that I forgot about Infinite Days.
hamburger buns
08 This is a Low
I didn't discover this song, Pigs, till my husband died. Being a Pink Floyd fan, I shouldn't admit that, but hey... I just missed some things, and Pigs was one of them. Now I'm onto Pigs, so no more shame, being a Floyd fan.
Michael Fleisher, story - Mark Texeira, art - Klaus Janson, cover
The Keferloher solves both problems. Get a pint in a plastic beaker and pour it into the Keferloher. The excess carbonation gets knocked out of the beer, and you don’t have to drink out of plastic. The unfiltered version of St Mungo lager, Wild West, develops a splendid chewiness when treated like this. I always think beer tastes best in the open air drunk from one of these.
August: Anthony Trollope
H thoroughly enjoyed & relished the taste .My 22 months old moster loved it for it was just melting in his mouth ... Thats the verdict..
Repeatedly we judges exclaimed in surprise: “these are high school kids?!?” Those seated around us expressed relief that they were not in the position to select a winner, for the quality of competing groups was consistently high. There is no doubt that the caliber of high school a cappella has skyrocketed in recent years, and the 2012 ICHSA finalists proved that these teens are ready to rock their respective college campuses. Friday night’s show was awesome. Not high school awesome. Just awesome. If the college groups are paying attention, they are no doubt chomping at the bit to attract the experienced new crop of high school graduates heading their way.
Today is Chastity: Abstaining from sexual conduct.
The decision on the part of the Occupy movement to create a protest with protest itself as its only fixed content was, as I suggested earlier, a brilliant tactical stroke. What makes for good tactics, though, may not be equally wise as strategy. If the movement proceeds along the lines mentioned already, moving to the formulation of demands and then to the pursuit of active political goals, it has a good chance of dodging the inherent strategic weaknesses of its tactical choice. The longer it tries to avoid formulating its own coherent vision, though, the more likely it is to find itself following out the implications of someone else’s vision. That may happen by way of the contemplation effect—there’s a reason why revolutions so often end up installing governments all but identical to the ones they overthrow—or by way of any of several other modes of derailment; as history shows, a movement of the kind we’re discussing can run off the rails in any of a remarkable number of ways.
What follows is a short list of five reasons to not vote for Barack Obama.
and the agencies concerned.
Being Good Friday and the first week of Sapphire’s school holidays, all of us were on hand to show him the sights of Geneva. A walk to the UN, a stroll around the lake and into the Old Town with a final, not-negotiable browse in some tacky gift shops. When you’re the father of two girls under the age of ten, bringing back a souvenir is mandatory. Luckily he had the hard-earned wisdom of Sapphire to help him select a soft St Bernard and cow (complete with pink udders) backpacks to cram into his suitcase.
he went to lowe's.
Has no business being there
" No"
Some 84,000 people from eight villages in Kurram agency have fled the fighting between the Pakistan army and insurgents in the border area with Afghanistan, Adrian Edwards, the spokesperson for the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), told reporters in Geneva.
your plans, ya know.................but all in all it could be
“It’s possible to learn to be courteous in just about anything you do,” he said.
As for the werewolf – ye may be right, if he has changed his ways. I suppose ye were not here when he was keeping captives in his cave and torturing them, or threatening the village and demanding taxes – and all that while in human form. But ye need to be careful if ye capture him, for he was captive for a long time but still gives in to the beast it seems, and has shown himself to be incurable.
Squire Paul stood and clapped a hand to George’s shoulder. “Well said. Our history is written here in this town. Our future will be written here as well, as the Lord has promised.”
The exterior of the building now looks like the kind of modern, smart block that would attract young professionals worldwide, but according to the residents, it is from the inside that the changes have been most noticeable. Looking at the slideshow on the website of the city of Paris, it is almost possible to forget that the building not only overlooks the motorway, but also the Batignolles cemetery!
Thanks for your positive thoughts, energy and prayers! I found a job today, and the best part is, that it is 3rd grade!! I can't wait and I am so excited. Yes, it's in a different district, and it's far away from where we live, but it pays better and the principal seems fantastic! Now I can get back to planning for school (since it starts in two weeks) and I can FINALLY stop worrying about jobs.
- Lack of Identity
- Philippians 4:19
We all relutantly give in.
In a medium bowl, combine the first 5 ingredients. Cover and set aside for 5 hours, 8 hours maximum.
I borrowed Roger Taylor of Duran Duran’s name. Roger being shorter than Jessica was inspired by Michael Hutchence and myself. By doing this, I hoped to get the message across to Michael that our height difference didn’t bother me. The relationship between Jessica and Roger was also inspired by our relationship.
10 years later in July, 2006, when he moved down south. He had one of his biggest successes when winning the Becher Chase over the National fences on Ardent Scout at Aintree in November, 2002, and won Wetherby’s Castleford Chase twice aboard Mister McGoldrick, who gave him a first Cheltenham Festival success in 2008 when winning the Byrne Group Plate aged 11 at odds of 66/1. He won the 2007 John Smith’s Red Rum Handicap Chase at Aintree on Bambi De L’Orme. Elsworth was out of action for 14 months after being concussed and injured in a fall at Ffos Las in August, 2009, but returned to a heros’ welcome when winning on his comeback ride, the Paul Webber-trained Edgbriar, at Cheltenham in October, 2010. He rides primarily for Paul Webber and Henrietta Knight and recorded a Grade One victory earlier this season aboard the Knight-trained Somersby in the Victor Chandler Chase at Ascot in January.
I don't know. I really like the brewery, but this beer seems off type enough for me to not like it too much.
Lesson Three: Screw Match.com. Go for the B seat, just in case.
*****TO THOSE WHO ARE WAITING FOR HIM.*****
-5:00pm,
Besides, people like ME.. .the late transitioners.. . we behave ourselves. Don’t we?
Beki - Ramblings of an Everyday Mummy
When several generations follow the family business there are certain things that are bound to be done right, like the food in Penang. It is understandable and no surprise that people wait for an hour to get the fish head soup at the “Line Clear” or the oyster omelet at the night bazaar along Gurney drive.
I can sing ’cause You hear me, Lord
But you said the dark was being kind.
As it’s the last challenge of the month, we are sponsored by those fabulous people across the pond.
b. Lessor remorse covenants that allow landowners to terminate lessees upon the unveiling of any misrepresentations of science or facts by the industries.
me: "fuck it I can spare £12 on one beer."
The National Lending Library For Science and Technology. A vast unlibrary-like place, situated in a wartime munitions factory, full of clanking conveyors, shelves of secrets, not open to the public, although there was a reading room.
The boy's limb was ripped off in a horrific accident on Wednesday night.
I know that Christmas has traditionally held the title of “Most Wonderful Time of the Year”, but I think that for people with cattle, the hands-down winner is calving season.
Numbers of people feel very discomfited by the current debate.
a moment, another
His concentration,
-Dressings & band-aids more effective
Cinnamon (optional)
-Hotel Raphael: In full disclosure, I had a rather disappointing visit to the downstairs bar at the spendy Hotel Raphael. But, you can’t deny the superb view from the rooftop terrace.
You might not know this, or may not have guessed it since I've been told more than once that it isn't exactly a thing I radiate and would possibly even sneer at, apparently because of my cynical, professional and rational-seeming exterior...
This one is in Amy Butler's Chinese Lanterns fabric in my favourite apple green. I've spied some green patent Fly shoes that would match this perfectly. My feet are too big for Fly really, but for green patent I'm sure I could curl my toes up tight.
Or at least poison myself in order to leave work but I can’t. The majority of people feel this way when the alarm goes off on a Monday morning. But it’s every single sodding Monday and most of the week nowadays.
Friday: Happy Hour with free appetizers 4:30 - 5:30, special tbd (probably Rogue Somer, but it could be Southern Tier Farmer's Tan)
Today was the big day for Prince William and Kate Middleton. The wedding was absolutely beautiful. Fit for a prince and princess for sure...
A scrape is a marking post, it is a way for deer to communicate like leaving voice mail. It lets both bucks and does know status and presence
According to Deleuze, the longest standing institution or figure in disrupting this plane is the priest, who places limitation through negative law, extrinsic rule, and the transcendent ideal. In other words and through the scope of sexuality, we are given a set absolute rules that are placed onto us but come from an outside force outside of our perception and control, and then we are given a set of goals in which we are encouraged to reach (Deleuze and Guattari, p.154). To Deleuze, a similar, more modern structure is born through psychoanalysis. A psychoanalyst see’s a deviant behavior, deviant because it doesn’t fall into the dogmatic norms of society’s, the behavior is attributed to a force or desire outside of oneself, perhaps in the subconscious, and is acted out through a transcendent ideal or phantasy (Deleuze and Guattari, p.154-155).
* handing out resumes at stop lights
It wasn’t your fault!
The political angle isn't whether we should consider externalities, but whether we will consider the externalities and which ones. Greenhouse gas externalities will not be fully priced in for decades, especially for costs imposed on areas outside of the country where the gases are produced (why should we care about those effects?), but they will start to weigh in, a bit, on costs. The brand new mercury rule shows some of the other externalities of fossil fuels will start getting price tags as well. Overall, I think the political process will catch up more quickly on fossil fuel externalities, if still very inadequately, than on on LCOE pricing.
One of the many forgotten arts of time past is that of gift-giving. Technology, which had promised the gift of extra time, has simply helped us relegate those time-consuming tasks that made us civilized to the realm of oblivion.
Relating to this but yet on another note, I feel like I shouldn’t be done with college yet; I feel like I’m really not done with it yet. It’s a weird feeling, but I guess it may be partially due to my own insecurities about graduating so suddenly this summer. Though, I did tell myself as well as my boyfriend, since I figured out how to apply for scholarships at my college, if I am granted scholarships for the fall that will cover most if not all of tuition, I will probably stay in college. Since the Mass Chaos concert on Tuesday, my mind has been flitting back to doing music business. As my uncle said on Tuesday, an extreme love of music definitely runs in our family!
This is my pantry. Can you see why cooking is difficult and lengthy project? Yeah me too. I really can't find anything in here. I'm sure I've bought duplicates of many items just because I can't find anything.
We aren’t tracking any of this like we should be. We aren’t even properly tracking reactions, let alone knowing which vaccine caused it. We barely know who is vaccinated or not and we have people administering these vaccines that are highly unqualified to do so. When they’re giving out flu shots at public places like Walgreens, you know something is very, very wrong.
So next will be to take everything out of the pantry and give it a good clean out. I ended up messing up all the order in there as I would find something that was still good and put that on the shelf above, or over the other side.
1 granny smith apple
God loves and knows nations
How could he be in any way considered pious? Is this what we want Texas children to learn? That Mohammed was a Prophet, and he was pious?
This was going to be my approach to the rest of the race! I managed to hold a 6:50 pace(I did simple math in my head at every mile marker) all the way through the 5.75 mile mark! That’s when the course had a long, gradual uphill section going over the highway overpass.....that was also into the wind, a very, very string wind!!! There was a big storm system heading into town, and the wind would be an issue for most of the remainder of the race!!! Running that stretch uphill and into the head took a serious toll on my legs! I lost a little bit of time, but managed to make some of it up(not exactly sure how much though b/c of my garmin being dead; seriously-I was not happy).
Pour into a greased 9″ round baking pan. Bake for 30-35 minutes and let cool completely.
Our last couple of days were spent getting the rest of our paperwork finished and Rae's Chinese passport. We also visited the Chengdu Embroidery and Brocade Museum. Noel was a little skeptical, but we enjoyed it. It was amazing to see how the ancient embroidery was made.
“The question, ‘Why did God let this happen?’ is a stupid one,” said Hayden Trobee, 15. “One of the cool things about New Life is, we’re not quick to question God’s authority.” On Wednesday, the church was packed with families and teens who said they had laid down their anger, fear and questions, to focus on worship.
Jarrod Parker, A's. It's not good when I have to look at the back to see what your first name is.
For businesses from these nations to now come and strip them of this land, without giving any compensation in most cases, is seen as highly disrespectful and has provoked much anger towards not only the businesses themselves but also the Western governments.
Another stipulation of receiving and giving this award is that you reveal 7 secrets about yourself. I’m going to go ahead and claim myself exempt from that due to the fact that this blog is made up of nothing other than secrets.
As we near closer to the Passion week culminating the season of Lent, we have the perspective of looking back to see things clearly. We must hold this tightly in our lives as we do not posses that same privileged as we live each day by day. If the Kingdom advanced at a consistent pace or a set direction, there would not have been the stories of the disciples freaking out while at sea with Jesus, nor would there have been Healings of Jarias Daughter or blind men – only to have followers turn away because of Jesus’ claim to die on the cross. The Kingdom advances in such a way that the gates of Hell will not prevail against it. However that advance does not always seem to you and me to be one of logic or linear movement. In fact often it seems like a step in the wrong direction proves to be the best step we ever take for the Kingdom – that wrong step, was our judgment. We cry for Mercy often, seeking to receive God’s grace and protection from all trial and hardship. However we are quick to bring our own judgment on a situation – believing that the obvious challenge to our hopes is contrary to the will of God. We are called to pray – Thy Will be done, not my will be done.
I had no idea it would be such a dramatic experience. Here's the bottom line.
64 have
Weil makes furniture and screens as well as wall art, but for the DIY photographer, I'd look into Fracture. You can get an 18 inch diagonal print on glass for $35. According to their FAQ, "You'll be able to select "No Mount" for just the opaque printed glass or "Transparent" for the printed glass without any white background." I think that, paired with a sepia or black and white toned photo, would make for a impressive wall.
07 Kevin (Frey, Hope) 4:15
It has been snowing all day by fits but has not amounted to anything. It was 35º above.
Garnishes:
the rice is jumping up...our body won't be heaty after eating the fried rice)
Each Slimware plate is constructed of melamine which makes them lightweight, shatterproof, scratch-resistant, indoor/outdoor flexible and dishwasher safe. They are packaged in sets of 4 plates and retail at $35.95 for the set.
In old age, wandering on a trail of beauty,
OUR VALUES- The things we value as a race are, in almost every case, pointless. They may sound dramatic but the physical and material things we place value upon are truly demeaning to us as a race. We are an amazing species, having existed for countless years, and we have advanced to amazing levels of creation and achievement. Sadly though, we have accomplished these things without earning the wisdom that needed to be achieved before doing so. Instead of seeing ourselves as a unique race marooned on one of billions of planets in existence, we have allowed our egos to convince ourselves that we are god-like, masters of our own destiny when in fact we are slaves to fate as it affects the universe. Instead of wisely realizing that we are all in this reality together and using the power of our unity to drive us to higher levels, we instead have simplified ourselves, connected our happiness and success to material items that often mean nothing whatsoever when properly considered. How can we expect evolution in our race when the majority of us base the success of our lives on the amount of paper currency we make in our lives? Or the image of our physical appearance or the worth of the items we possess? The answer is we cannot.
Writers don’t always think about things like immediacy, but it really is something that writers should pay attention to, it’s the difference between someone liking your story, or hating it, and more importantly, it’s the difference between acceptance and rejection.
Giving details of the project, Das said by the end of this year, they will get feedback from all the stakeholders like manufacturers, suppliers and various Panchayats.
Year of Release: 1968
Murray faces up to four years in jail if convicted in the trial, which started last week and is due to last five weeks.
Step 3: Make a central stamped doily over some Kraft cardstock.
Go ahead...think that one over. I'll give you a minute.
Those who follow my work, know how much of an over qualified tea drinker I am and these combine all the aspects that make my work 'me'.
Okay, so I realized this morning I was supposed to participate in a "Show your Voice" blogfest on Monday, and I totally and completely forgot. AGAIN. This is a perpetual problem with me and blogfests. For those of you who came to my blog thinking I was doing the blogfest, I'm so sorry!
I like belts.
The rainbow nation is also a world leader when it comes murder, ranked second only behind Columbia amongst those nations which are not actively at war. Although the majority of the victims of murder are black, hidden away within the statistics is the fact that a disproportionate number of victims are white people, who are over represented to a massive degree given their shrinking numbers in the country.
How do you sleep at night knowing your corporation is responsible, at least implicated, for so many deaths and injuries
That is unschooling. It is not a model of education, but a way of life. It is recognizing that people learn from living, and there is no need to separate learning from living. Unschooling lets a family live together, learn together. It is built on trust among family members, and trust in human nature. Trust that children have a strong desire to learn about things, even if those things may not be on the short list of school subjects. Trust that, with your acceptance and support, your child will follow his own path, leading exactly where he wants to go.
"As the great Renaissance painters and architects understood, every detail is crucial in supporting great structures - every plank of wood, every touch of the brush; and every detail of a story. And the greatest art is generally underpinned by the necessity of business.
This is the list you’ll hand to the freelance writer who is providing you with an ongoing supply of fresh and relevant content. When it comes to articles, relevance is critical. If your content is full of useful and current information that delivers what people are actually searching for, then your prospective customers will be more likely to stay on your site and respond to your call to action.
A friend suggested I blog instead about what interested me — what my novel was about. My novel was an American Civil War novel, so I decided to completely revamp my blog. The friend suggested that I could build an audience by blogging about the American Civil War, and then when my book had been written, I’d already have a possible audience for it. I could put the Amazon link in the sidebar, and keep blogging (and learning about) what truly interested me: history.
1. Be prepared. This includes being comfortable. Those 3 inch heels and business clothing - leave that in the office. Sneakers, jeans, layers (the temperature in the Javitz seems to fluctuate...or maybe it was all that running around). But it also includes planning ahead. Meredith, Juju, and I sat around the round table in the office before BEA opened on Wednesday and looked through the booklet, picking out every signing we wanted to see. After circling them, we made our own linear chart in Mer's handy notebook so we knew exactly what we needed to accomplish each hour - and where. And most importantly, bring a rolling suitcase and check it for $3 downstairs (more on this later). Then when those six tote bags are threatening to tear your arms off your shoulders, you can unload your books into your suitcase and head back out onto the Floor for more Swag.
Hello There Friends!
I also studded the cheese with sliced garlic and rosemary sprigs before baking it because we used to serve it like that when it was on the menu at the restaurant. It’s something I saw Jamie Oliver do somewhere that makes such a difference to the flavour.
My little boys, ages 7 & 2, gave up pretty quickly. Maybe I will introduce this to them at a later date and see if they change their minds about it. My daughter, 8, listened to it a little longer. I had her imagine a ballerina dancing to the music and to think about the story behind the music.
You need to make this Vanilla Bean - Pecan Butter. Truly, you do. Only, I'm going to show you how to make it right. I'm also going to share you with a nice little shortcut to using real vanilla bean. It's a lot cheaper, too. Ready? I buy Vanilla-Bean Paste. Trust me, there is nothing wrong with using a real vanilla bean. I just find them to be very sacred because they can be expensive. I've purchased vanilla bean paste online, and have only recently discovered Singing Dog Vanilla products. I love the company, and their commitment to using sustainable ingredients. In fact, being on the look-out for a Giveaway Promotion that I'll be posting very, very soon! (My second anniversary is coming very close...like in days.)
These fine bloggers now get the joy (or torment) of selecting 5 more blogs upon which to grant this distinction and honor. If you haven't yet visited any of these five before, please do and enjoy.
Old Manchester is a collaboration with a member of brewing's old guard - Fullers. A traditional strong ale with that characteristic marble hop twang and some great complexity. It's an old ale and as such I'll be sticking a bit in the larder to get a bit of age on it. It's worth keeping an eye on Fullers beers, they've got an amazing history and are currently delving through the back catalogue, reviving some of the types of beers that are so inspiring to todays scene.
Because you know it's True-- You've seen it.
They start edging for the door just as Mr Young is about to tell them how much a pint of beer and a packet of cigarettes used to cost…
The holes do not match up to the big hole on the other side. That allows a child on one side of the apparatus to pour into the hole on the table side without it spilling on the floor or interfering with the play of a child on the other side. Watch it in action.
As a guest, I was grateful for the 10 pm to 6 am nights of dead sleep. Mom and Dad were not so lucky. They were both up several times during the night soothing, shushing, cuddling, and feeding the 5 "babies." How they have survived these past two years? Let me tell you . .. They are AMAZING parents, that's how!
Wishing you a magical day,
The actual size of the sleeve when you are knitting it is MUCH smaller than the width of the kindle. Thankfully, Haramis Knits provided enough pictures to make me feel better about my super skinny Kindle sleeve and it’s ability to hold my kindle.
Can’t do that until it knows where it is, where it should be going and what it must do to get there. And the rest of us could use better data and benchmarks too.
shoppers who were only willing to pay 50 cents for an item on the "dollar table".
As a cop, he tries to insulate himself from horrors of a culture on society's fringe but finds himself drawn to LIZZY and her clan bringing accusations that he is losing his objectivity.
We made a, so called Maple Almond Bread.
NOTE: throwing all your “chemical” stuff down the drain to saturate the
But there’s really nothing to stop someone from stealing and using or repurposing your idea.
Jatt: Plus, the whole “I’m a bad guy” thing can only last so long before the joke gets old. Right?
Yep, I jumped on the bandwagon and will never get off.... and yes, I know I'm a little late in the game. Elizabeth gave me 2 days to read the book on her Nook.
My personal favorite:
Sadie was lost amongst mermaid tales
You'll need photo ID to buy it. Or two forms of non-photo ID.
Tell us about your latest book(s). What do want your readers to take away after the last page?
HOME OR THEATER: Definitely in the theater – the big stunts and big vistas deserve a big screen.
Mix all ingredients until well combined. Roll into 1-inch balls. Bake for 20-25 minutes, or until brown.
I will never forget
On Saturday, the sun was shining and we had already arranged to go to the carnival with Mummy N, Daddy J, Miss E and Wee L. We went with them last year and had a lot of fun...maybe it will become our annual tradition. The kids loved the rides and were ready for sleeping by the time we left. We came home for dinner and then headed to the family night at the leisure centre to enjoy soft play and swimming.
To make this card I used two Peachy Keen Stamps. I used my April Stamp of the month set for the time out. The time out stamp was how I picked the image. I knew after seeing this stamp set with the release I wanted to use it make a card with this image.
I know you might mistake this for being professionally made but let me assure you, I am just an amateur at this.
RR–You see, when you’re dealing with the energies that occur in these areas—sometimes these energies can reach immense proportions. It’s not just a little light somewhere out in the woods. The magnetic anomalies of Southeast Texas have caused a blackout of the utility grid for the entire region for unknown reasons. And during that time, a reporter for the “Beaumont Enterprise,” who now is with the “Austin American-Statesman,” he told me that the paper had reports of all kinds of weird lights flying through the sky. Of course, that never got in the newspaper.
I’m questioning, now, if I still do? I’m not quite sure how to separate what’s happening now and knowing that something fun and exciting is on the horizon that I can’t stop thinking about.
March 29, 2011
Date: 27 September 2011
Serving Size 1 cup (94.7 g)
Continue embellishing however you wish. To help me decide what size and shape I wanted my tongue and eyes, I set a piece of scratch paper on top of the backpack and doodled until I got a shape and size I liked. My sketch then became my pattern for cutting each piece.
Dalbar every year does a survey on Investor Behaviour. There are many factors they discuss in their Quantitative Assessment of Investor Behaviour (QAIB). They also have Investment Behaviour in the title for a reason.
Alright, so we moved in a few weeks ago, but I have not had internet here yet or time for that matter. As you can see from the pictures below of the white house ( our old place - Oakley's name for it), moving was a touch chaotic and spur of the moment. Wednesday we decided to move - Saturday we moved! Our neighbors and my dad came over and helped us move everything out, and then Khris and Erin came to the green house ( our new place - again oakley's name for it) and helped move everything in. I still have not finished cleaning the White house, its like this evil thing in the back of my mind that keeps nagging me! But, the thought of dragging the kids there to clean while there is nothing there for them to do but make more of a mess and be bored doesn't exactly excite me! However, my mom comes home Friday, so I'm hoping I can get her to watch them for a few hours so I can get it done!!
At the very end, when Aluc fights Mike/Irving as Mike/Irving's semi-nude girlfriend watches helplessly, and Aluc gets caught in the sun and turns into a skeleton hand, then Mike/Irving turns back into Mike and he and hid girlfriend start making out in the cave along with all the corpses and blood and dead vampires lying around, it's clear that this would probably be a bad film no matter what you did with it.
The wonderfully flawed characters I’ve created since Mr. Perfect have made me laugh, cry, shake my head and root for them. Hopefully, they’ll make my readers do the same.
In January 2010 she entered the hospital for a MRSA infection and it was then they diagnosed her with Alzheimers. Which has been said to be the cause of her tirade on Beyonce about singing her song.. Later on in early 2011, she was diagnosed with terminal leukemia, and she died just short of her 74th birthday, yesterday....
Physical De-cluttering: This is on my list for the weekend. Again, I am tackling the kitchen. I am going to try to do this more consistently daily, like every morning, get rid of 40 things. Wow. That's a challenge! Think I can do it?
Cosmic Stars drape their bodies like a Mystic-cloak of the Eternal...
Ok, listen up, you sons of bitches: when Darwin wrote "On the Tendency of Species to form Varieties; and on the Perpetuation of Varieties and Species by Natural Means of Selection", he didn't go on a hunch. He painstakingly researched every little thing written in that book and verified it before publishing it. Because that's how science works, bitches.
11/5/2008 - Minneapolis, MN - First Avenue
Their kiss is picture perfect,
Moths love them.
G Sensor : YES
It’s not a trait I’m proud of.
Working in the world of dog shows demands a deep love and solid understanding of the sport of purebred dogs.
His friends watched in horror.
They serve the same purpose - to hold
An attack on England is difficult, but potentially very rewarding. Gain of the North Sea and adjoining territory gives Germany the security it needs to protect its to protect its gains and allow for flanking actions on either the Russians or the French. Thus, it combines the English defensive position with the German offensive might. All together, a very powerful position.
I have done some research, and apparently, it is quite a common issue for toddlers. The good news is they seem to outgrow it eventually. Whether the severity of A’s fetish is related to his other issues (which we believe are related to meth-exposure in utero), we don’t know. We are trying to teach him some control by encouraging him to only “drink a little bit” when he has a drink in his hand. He is slowly, but surely, improving at remembering not to inhale his entire drink at the beginning of the meal (he doesn’t get any more once he drinks it), but rather to drink small sips at the time and drink throughout the whole meal. it is hard for him, though. When we give him a drink and remind him to just drink a little, he usually obeys, but it’s like his hands have little magnets and just can’t seem to release that cup back to me! More often, though, reminder or not, his little mouth sucks down that drink just as fast as it can until we physically pry it away. So for now, we have no choice but to simply monitor his intake as best we can, and hope he outgrows it in the near future. Otherwise, either I will run out of sheets from constant laundering, or the earth will run out of water. We’ll see which comes first.
The clergyman, in his 50s, told medical staff at Sheffield's Northern General Hospital that the accident was definitely not due to a sex game.
After weeks of craziness, things are beginning to slow down. Just in time for summer to come when we’ll have even more craziness. I haven’t done any major cleaning to my house since before OGE’s party. Which means I haven’t really cleaned up from his party. I got a ton done today around the house. It felt good to see things clean again. I wouldn’t consider myself a clean freak, but I like to have my baby crawling around on clean floors rather than dirty. I’m also a little anal. I’m okay with that.
After that, you can switch to a jointer/try plane—or any plane with a slight camber on the iron and somewhat large mouth opening. This flattens the scalloped channels left by the previous plane.
Proper marketing is really going to cost you, but luckily I work for cheap. So, Iran, take my advice, and you'll be a world leader in no time.
On the temple’s central hall’s main shrine, it’s painted: “He can be taught for 10,000 years.” The children we were with had been taught, and recited, their Confucius. Later we saw he was also selling liquor … and dream-interpretation videos.
I live to please myself and no one else. I'd rather be hated for who I am than be loved for who I'm not.
Bringing his game to the next level has always been somewhat of a challenge for Westwood, especially around the greens. Yesterday, however, this was not the case – his short game was the difference between him and the rest of the field.
I begin my coverage of this issue with the etymology of syncretism. It first emerges in Plutarch’s Moralia in the essay on “Fraternal Love,” from the late first century-early second century CE. Synkretismos essentially means “as the Cretans do” (syn + Kretes) or “Cretan federation,” in reference to the Cretans banding together for a common purpose. Erasmus of Rotterdam in the early sixteenth century CE cited Plutarch in his Adagia in a discussion on the coherence of theological dissenters despite their differences in opinion, stating that “Concord is a mighty rampart.”
Mrs Harrington is also bringing the case against the BNP’s former national elections officer, Eddy Butler, claiming sexual and religious discrimination and unfair dismissal.
After you let that dry for a couple minutes then you put a nice layer over the top of the paper. I did this twice. You can do however many coats you want.
Here are the beautiful projects from the DT using My Time Made Easy stamps, templates and digital papers...
I have also tasted the 2008 which was a hotter vintage and the extra ripeness really showed.
Self then opens the conversation out to the audience.
Celeste has been telling us that Chipper is going to die for the past 2 years. It is kind of a running joke between us. Chipper has really slowed down over the past 6 months. We noticed his hearing is going. We will come home from being out and he won't even hear us. You can sneak up on him and surprise him now. (That is sometimes a lot of fun!) I do know one thing. We will all miss him when he's gone... God blessed us with a fun companion for all of these years!
“We have targeted the Shia community of Parachinar because they were involved in activities against us,” he told Reuters news agency.
Ok now for the story of when we found out. I had taken a First Response Early Result on July 16th nothing popped up after the time limit except the test line. Or so I thought through examining it a bit more if I held it to the light I could kinda see another pink line. But I didn't get my hopes up i figured I will just test again on Sunday the 18th the day before AF was due. Well Sunday morning I woke up and went to the bathroom all prepared for another negative and to my dismay the first little pink line came up in less than a minute it was faint at first but at the end of 3 minutes it was a definite positive.
I’d like you to hear Brian’s own words, taken from his Facebook posts on the day this project began.
52 minutes – Wayne Rooney’s struggling tonight, which is surprising as he’s scored more goals this season than I’ve had hot dinners. And I mean that literally, as my wife is a terrible cook. Isn’t that right, dear? Cooked for Cliff Richard when you were at college, did you? BOLLOCKS.
Alphaville Sounds like a melody D
A quick check on the world’s sma-rtest imitators corroborates Chittoor’s view. Apple added an internal hard drive and a classy build to outdo the original MP3 player. Google integrated Microsoft Office functions and unlimited space into Gmail to distinguish it from others. Similarly, all successful imitations have an element of innovation built into them. Be it Big Bazaar expanding Spencer’s Retail’s product portfolio. Or Wheel adding new variants to the low-end detergent. Academics have a new term for such innovation+imitation: imovation.
Also- a quick reminder to please email Creston with your preferred emergency contact numbers. Thank you to the parents who have already emailed them, and thank you in advance.
Sibley is at his best when painting word picture stories.
What we can judge however is the institution. The institution of Mormonism is a different gospel than what Jesus Christ taught. (2 Corinthians 11:4) As believers in Jesus Christ it is our duty to seek the truth, and to know who Jesus is, and what he taught. (Luke 12:31, Matthew 6:33, Psalms 105:4,) These are instructions from Jesus himself.
In each, the central figure is alone,
Stir in 1 cup chopped nuts. Substitute 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips or candy-coated chocolate pieces for raisins; omit cinnamon. Substitute 1 cup diced dried mixed fruit.
9. This program is specifically designed for projects that will result in new jobs being created. For
Spreaking of marrying women, Mitt even chose a religion that recommends taking several women as wives.
We have seen now the result of such a move, although in truth I cannot comprehend the political devastation I have seen, the almost complete overturning of all gain and the lurch back to nothingness. Certainly I have little doubt that certain factors came into play ,the embracement of non-whites will have considerably dented their ability to capture the vote, further the appearance of Mr Griffin on Question Time, will have had considerable effect. The actions of the owned media to come into play as do the other manifestations of anti-people forces, yet in truth such actions have little to no bearing upon the electorate, as deciding to vote for the so-called extreme right is in and of itself thee only hurdle ,the x within a box merely confirmation of viewpoint. So leftists, Judaic front-groups and suchlike can only ever play to those already in their camp, their in-group if you will for it would be rare such organisations and groups sway the floating voter.
Also, there’s this:
But we need your help to stop it. Please click on the link below to join us in telling the USDA to keep Agent Orange corn off our plates!
When opening a door, do we give any thought to what is on the other side? We turn the knob and enter. A simple process. How much thought goes into opening a door toward good decision making? This kind of door can be a path to better opportunity or a path to a not-so-good decision with negative consequences. To make the first few steps with confidence, stronger faith is often required. Sometimes opening such a door becomes a decision based on what is strictly the right thing to do. In such decisions, how do we get to the point of understanding what is the right choice? There was once a man named Joseph who faced such a challenge.
The water has bugs, I think.
Here's my giant knickers - so pleased with these :
Good, now let us go play hopscotch on the ring road my little slide rule and I will tell you the story of the protractors that danced until Dawn. Although what Dawn did to stop them, she never did say, although all of us in the post office queue were of the opinion it had a lot to do with Rosie’s fingers.
It's been a couple of exciting few days for Maud and Millie.
"One Lone and Angry Man" is one average spaghetti western. Nothing here is particularly good, but nothing is particularly bad. It moves steadily through its story-line with a shoot-out or fight every few minutes, with the actors all playing the usual assortments of Mexican banditos, corrupt sheriffs, staid ranchers, and damsels just waiting to be placed in distress so the hero can show his true and chivalrous colors and save them.
Emotions have run high across the US over the incident, in large part because six weeks passed before Zimmerman was charged — leading many African-American community leaders to decry what they perceived as racism in the justice system.
She's a perfectionist and would never send out a product that isn't above top quality!
And I got the biggest smile on my face when I found this most creative collection of art piece/images by the talented Leslie of A Creative Mint. Delightful!
“You guessed it.”
Hanoch Daum is wrong. The murderer who perpetrated this horror is not a psychopath. He is not a sick individual. He is the natural product of his upbringing, an upbringing that glorifies the spilling of Jewish blood. A society that names public squares and schools after murderers is going to produce more of the same. When are we going to wake up this reality. Bibi and all the rest talk of bringing the perpetrator to justice. The entire society is to blame. The perpetrator is simply the agent who actually carried out the horror. The society applauds him and in a few years will name a school or a hospital after him.
Even with the gag, the little girl’s screams made enough noise to rouse the four other members of the Schmidt family. Ariela quickly bound the girl’s wrists and ankles with duct tape and then placed a strip over her mouth further muffling the sound of her screams.
I forgot. He was also a bartender.
anxiety among people. But
but never around men,
So I’m finally getting rid of those hard-to-get-rid-of bad habits.
Nearly every Monday morning, for various reasons, I find myself reflecting on the truth of a passage from Christopher Isherwood’s novel /A Single Man/–the passage describing George’s arrival at the university for yet another mundane day of teaching:
just so you can drag me out
Daddy: “Shurrup Daddy”
Your killer buns and thighs DVD has me wincing in pain every time I get up, sit down....or walk if I am being honest.
I don't need another place, for trying to impress you, with just how good and virtuous I am,
I miss the shoveling, snowdrifts, ice,
The Spurs and England striker, 29, romped with Geordie Laura Brown, 23, in Newcastle after two previous meetings. Laura said: “I never planned on sleeping with him, it just happened.”
Carefully flip all your potato slices and introduce finely diced onion, cook for a minute then add finely chopped garlic.
“What happened?” Christian looked up, shoving the girl he had been feeding from away from him. Narrowing his eyes on the vampire that had been talking to Darien, Christian looked very annoyed. “Where’s Darien?”
Now, make plans to attend ZTA Convention 2012 in Louisville, Kentucky!
Next week's prize - Polar White!
The sun continues to shine on this little corner of England so I walked over to see the Swiss Family Manson first thing this morning and had breakfast with them.
My head in the clouds but my feet on the ground.
Knigge’s influence upon the Order was profound and immediate. The new system he devised attracted Freemasons and other powerful figures, which gave the movement great momentum. Here’s the system devised by Knigge:
Maybe it’s the reason I’m not working in an office right now. But instead, I’m caring for a puppy every day now and will be caring for a seventeen year old cat in a few weeks. Maybe it’s the Universe’s way of helping me to heal.
White lightens up your brown to beige.
1. He was at peace with nature,
The control system involved a lens at the front of the missile projecting an image of the target to a screen inside, while a pigeon trained (by operant conditioning) to recognize the target pecked at it. As long as the pecks remained in the center of the screen, the missile would fly straight, but pecks off-center would cause the screen to tilt, which would then, via a connection to the missile’s flight controls, cause the missile to change course.
I love you baby boy... keep taking good care of your little sister or brother for me. I wish you were here to kiss and snuggle and watch my belly grow... I know you're watching from up there but it's just not the same. Lots of kisses and hugs baby... lots and lots.
1576838692
What is it called when you throw toilet paper on a house?
Any half-wit, including Clement L. Bouve, could conjure up a raft of such “plausible distinction(s)” before breakfast. Among them: Legal immigrants have been checked for subversive ties, contagious diseases and have some qualification to be here other than “lives within walking distance.”
What DID happen though was this:
The explanation is about the lamest thing one can imagine. As outraged critics soon figured out, “suggested” is a very vague and subjective term and takes a hell of a lot of liberties with the facts. Poet Maya Angelou did not mince any words: the quotation made him sound like an “arrogant twit.”
But I am still laughing. Dear God: Thank YOU for a sense of humor. I sure needed it today. And it worked. Have had a smile on my face ever since. Thank YOU!
me: yes, he is good. he was an amazing teacher.
I hope you are all doing OK. I popped over to see you tonight, and most of you haven't posted for days-just like me! Are you busy decorating and baking? Or is blogging simply taking its toll on your lives and you want to do more living and less blogging?
Most of the bottles are still in my cellar waiting for me to design a label and get them ready for Christmas, but I did crack one open the other night to see what I had made. I have to say it turned out to be real good, maybe my best beer to date.
Do you ever feel like just coloring? I do sometimes, coloring gives me peace and takes me away from all the stuff that sometimes goes on in our ordinary everyday lives. I've felt like coloring a lot lately!
Her flight from Geneva to Paris was at 7:25.a.m yesterday. (Sunday, December 19). There was no internet access at the airport, so she had no way of knowing that the last leg of her flight was canceled. That wasn’t going to matter, as her flight from Geneva to Paris was delayed by 8 hours. She would have missed her connecting flight anyways. When she got to Charles de Gaulle airport, she had to wait in a 6 hour line of misery. Just to be put on standby for the flight to Pittsburgh this morning.
My friend Cynthia at Nap Warden Designs is the one to thank for my amazing transformation. I've known her for several years and have always loved her work. And when I met and hung out with her last year at BlogHer, I knew that one day, she'd be giving me my fresh new look.
So the other evening as it was getting late, I noticed him just staring forward, not moving a muscle. Usually, if I would have called his name - he would have come running...because any opportunity to be pet is foremost on this cat's list. But he just stayed...eyes fixated in front. I got a little worried that maybe he was hurt in some way...maybe an animal attacked him - or maybe he was hit by a car...or maybe he was just waiting for something to pop out of a little hole which was about one foot directly in front of him.
Did it look like the photo/drawing on the pattern envelope once you were done sewing it?
In preparation for the release of The Avengers this weekend, I decided that I needed to catch up on the semi-prequels for this mash-up of superhero prowess before I could really enjoy it. I had already seen all of the Iron Man movies and The Incredible Hulk, but I still needed to watch Thor and Captain America: The First Avenger. These movies were released when I was in the height of my school work, and so I really couldn’t make the effort to go to the theatre and see them. But since I’m currently enjoying my week of vacation between school and work, I decided to turn on my Netflix and watch each of these back-to-back. This means that you guys are going to get not only one, but two reviews of superhero movies! The first of the two reviews is for Thor. I really hope you enjoy my review better than I enjoyed this movie…
Anti-anti-semitism is one manifestation of white guilt. I assert that it is in fact the most prominent. To see this all you have to do is review the most notable things Whites are collectively blamed for—the Holocaust, slavery, Manifest Destiny. Of them all which source of guilt is most likely to be accepted even by White conservatives?
after getting home around 3PM, i printed out the templates for the mandala class which started today. i played around a little but didn't get too much done with this migraine making an appearance.
ANIMAL COSTUMES!!!
Instead, they refusd to have contact with me, and they have refused their adult offspring (my younger six siblings) and others to have contact with me as far as I can tell.
I thought of seizure as a cat asleep.
Good morning!* It's a beautiful, cool morning and I am looking forward to taking a fun riding lesson, teaching a fun weaving lesson (great trade!) and hopefully taking a nap in the sun with getting bigger every day Blossom. 20's home and he's looking forward to some riding as well :-).
Most of the women obey the voice of the heart, and their behavior in the whole depends on the men, whom they love.
As I have been working in my current job now for around six months, our little team has grown by many numbers and has now added a pair of men to the equation, which has helped me out no end.
The agile Vujicic had no difficulty taking using his camera to take photos of his stunning bride.
H is for health. I am still having crazy health problems but I am trying not to let them get me down.
The next step would be to register your documents and personal data online at https://nas.immigration.gov.tw/nase/. Do not forget to bring the printed and approved certification (together with your visa or permanent certificate mentioned above) during your flight.
Welcome to the world of the Bouncers as they introduce us to Maureen, Elaine, Rosie and Sexy Suzy, Terry, Jerry, Kev and Baz, and a plethora of colourful characters, all intent on having a good time in the tatty, glitzy glamour, flashing lights and the pulsating beat of the dance floor. Instantly recognisable to anyone who has ever been part of the club scene! Godber’s popular comedy never fails to entertain. So come and join the Bouncers for a night of fun, frolics and social commentary in this fast-paced and frenzied show. You won’t be disappointed!
Ink: Clearsnap Fluid Chalk Ink - Rouge** & Tsukineko Memento Dye Ink - Tuxedo Black
Growing up in Cork, as I did, tribal loyalties and nationality were as straightforward as it comes. I was from Cork and from Ireland and I loved Cork and Ireland and knew that they were the best places in the world, ever. This despite being of stock with roots in Dublin, Belfast, deepest rural Roscommon, and yeah, England.
But it's late, Mr. Cowboy is at some fight thingy he won tickets too. That boy wins something on the radio weekly. Lucky dog. But I am off to bed.
earth energy Solutions GROUP recommends that all businesses (residents as well) know the cost over time between newer energy efficient lighting technology vs what we have known and used for a Century.
I’ve learned to seize the day and to grasp every opportunity that comes my way. This causes me to be spontaneous and carefree but it also leaves a larger margin for error. I have chosen the WRonG things before and made completely wrong decisions but that is part of growing and learning.
"A Perfect Alibi"
burn the world
This article originally appeared on Swift Current Online. Scroll down for further coverage/interviews of Thursday’s draft. Thanks to everyone who visited the blog. It was the second most traffic I’ve had since starting it.
As the seedlings develop, they will form suckers. You can read our post on suckers and their removal, and how to convert suckers into new seedlings to share with friends and family.
Different talks were underway in this regard, some people were of the view that on Feb 13 PM Gilani will step down while others were of the view that PM will be convicted, but premier showed extreme maturity by appearing before the apex court. The main point which is to be noted is it that no PPP worker indulged in any violent protest across the country. This is highly laudable.
Average words per sentence : 14.3
Then, when the weekend arrives, we are freaking tired, and a good book trumps an evening out at some bar filled with 20-somethings in tight mini dresses any day. Plus, we have no mini dresses any longer. Actually, some of us never did. Maybe just some really pale, super high-wasted jeans and a crop-top. So sad.
This is Motley, a gorgeous flakie top coat made of of lots of blue and green particles. Sound familiar? Flecked, which I wore the other day, is also green and blue. However, Flecked is much greener and Motley is bluer. Here I am wearing 2 coats of Finger Paints Motley over Essie Power Clutch.
I'll be making one big change next time I make it, though. The red pepper flakes have got to go. Even just a teeny little half teaspoon made this sucker spicy. My kids wouldn't even touch it after the first bite because, as my 3-year old kept saying, "it makes my throat hot!" And my husband and I agreed that heartburn is definitely in the forecast tonight. I guess we're all just wimps at our house. :) If you like a little heat in your food, by all means, add away!
Since we are homeschooling, I also do a Bible study with the girls each morning and we read from a Christian book at bedtime (we are currently attempting Pilgrim's Progress.) However, having the entire family sitting together and learning from God's Word is a blessing!
So, the deadline for my dissertation is fast approaching. I know that my posts have been few this month, but it’s been a super busy one so I hope you all forgive me!
I picked "Flightless" because it meets several of the criteria I've established for a sculptural piece to feel successful to me, and that doesn't happen very often. First of all, it touches on some aspect of the human condition – which one, I'm not sure. As with my titles, I had something in mind at the time and have since forgotten. But that mystery is important to me – and it's made even more enjoyable when I'm just as much in the dark as everyone else.
Love and Light,
13. Outro
When winds are soft,
And now – I humbly beseech you with all of my heart, scroll down the right-hand column to where it says Loose Bloggers Consortium. There you can click on the links and discover untold delights, wits, insight and revelation on the subject oof sincerity.
After a few days in the gyre, we head southeast where we will join other tall ships in San Diego for the Festival of Sail September 2-6
If you haven’t already, now is a good time to develop and integrate a diversity policy into your employee handbook. This policy should state your business’ commitment to equal treatment of its employees and its desire to foster an atmosphere of tolerance. The employee handbook is a document compiled by an organization that is used to inform employees of rules, regulations, and policies. It is a consistent, formalized way in which organizations can communicate with employees, and it is one of the most important forms of information that the company can provide its employees. Employees can refer to the handbook to answer basic questions throughout their tenure with the organization. Additionally, managers in the organization can use the handbook to help them make uniform and consistent decisions regarding employees. By avoiding arbitrary or uninformed decisions by managers, the company may prevent problems that stem from the unfair or even illegal treatment of employees, such as reduced worker motivation, lower performance, or even litigation.
CD: Do you think the Liverpool as European City of Culture in 2008 is going to have an impact?
Nursing is not for the weak!!
A weekend. A wedding. Love. A sour feeling. The power of community. I have a literary crush on a woman I met. We sat close. We spoke of writing and desire and effacement and dybbuks. We spoke of doppelgangers. We spoke of longing. The subtle transmission of dark knowledge. And then dancing. Such dancing. And the mountains. Running. A sunset. Gelato.
If you have fears of such power, just manifest that the universe gently nudge you every now and then when you are straying from the path. It will happen! But you still are responsible for the choices you make. The universe will just play the reminder clock in the snooze mode!
Whiskey-Tango-Foxtrot?
Got up in the early morning , dropped my cat at the Vet (pet hotel), had a nice chat with 2 guys at Kyoto, and came to Osaka in late night, then found my iPhone didn't work properly. What a day!!
The low temperature in Rochester, Minnesota on March 18 was 62°F, which beat the previous record high for the date of 60°.The entire post is interesting. We are in a continuing period of freakish weather . Apparently the sitings of naked people running around their gardens in Novia Scotia in March are true.
loveliness of her music prompted sneers from critics (punk
So from reading those initial negative points you may be thinking you’ll give Alpha Protocol a miss, that it may be too annoying to play through? Well in my opinion that would be a mistake. And here’s why.
Just after I graduated from college, I made my first trip to the Rocky Mountains of Colorado. This past week - FORTY YEARS LATER - I went back. It was good to be on a Rocky Mountain High again.
(Formerly Registered Nurse)
“My right leg was broken but, at that time, body’s right foot fully touched the ground and walked without support.”
Miles-"I don't believe in a lot of things, but I do believe in duct tape" line is said, and I gotta say...I'm stealing that awesome line for future use!
This has prompted me to dream of what I would do if I won the megamillions jackpot, played in 42 states in America. Here’s a list:
The point here is not that we should expect Wal-Mart or Microsoft to do business like this. The point is that Christians should be governed by an unselfishness and heart for people that guides them in their business dealings. It is never the case that any part of our lives is "just business." Indeed, God is our business, and we are glorify Him in our business dealings.
Exercising is also difficult when those around you all day are doing this:
I feel like luck, (which I don't believe actually exists), has not been in my favor this week.
+That night I volunteered for a new swimsuit designer from Brazil, A.Z. Araujo. This was in a studio in Chelsea and I did a lot of the same work as the previous show. Since I was also seating people, I got to network and then watch the show, and let me tell you, no one could hate gorgeous male models in speedos.
TrimTabs/BarclayHedge Survey
but, I purpose to believe
Another important feature of the INN system is that the names of pharmacologically-related substances demonstrate their relationship by using a common "stem". By the use of common stems the medical practitioner, the pharmacist, or anyone dealing with pharmaceutical products can recognize that the substance belongs to a group of substances having similar pharmacological activity.”
Riding the Metrobus really isn't that intimidating after all. Almost disappointing, really.
+ you have dry skin and/or fairly clear skin
There is so much ah-worthy stuff on the Recollections site I had trouble even picking out these samples for you from all the beautiful things. I own two Recollections dresses, and I wanted to give someone else the same pleasure I've taken in wearing a beautiful dress that fits very well.
What if BrooklynSpeaks succeeds in nudging Spitzer? What if they don’t—how will they remain a watchdog? What if CBN remains a watchdog? What if the community boards get the funds to hire planners?
Abu Waleed: Nowadays, we have a problem of people saying we need unity. We’ve got so many problems around the world. We’ve got the problems of Gaza, of Iraq, and of Afghanistan. We got the problem of disagreements amongst our own so-called scholars. Some say voting is allowed, some say voting is not allowed. Some say to join the parliament is allowed. Some say: No, you can’t. Some say you must destroy the parliament. Some say you must overthrow regimes. Some people say that no Dar Al-Islam exists. Other people believe that Britain is Dar Al-Islam as long as you’ve got a nice camise on and a carrot in your mouth, and a jar of honey, and a packet of condoms, there is nothing to worry about. You just live comfortably.
What’s it worth?
Bahrain said in February it would limit tourist visas upon arrival for some Western nationalities after 12 foreign activists entered as tourists to join protests, only to be seized by police and expelled.
Robinson failed a field sobriety test, police said.
Love & Hugs Chanelle xxxxx
In my dreams, my heart belongs to Asia. The photos & images that transfix me are always Asian. Even my breath goes still at the vision. Rice paddies dotted with ox carts & small women in cone shaped hats bent over at the waist, immersed to their ankles in muddy water. Slender limbed, dark skinned women trudging dusty roads, draped in vividly colored saris, bangles ascending each arm. They carry water on their head. They stare without smiling as they pass.
Political Correctness demands that the intention to build a monument to Islam, named after a great Islamic victory over Christendom at the spot where followers of Islam achieved their greatest and most bloody attack against America must be accepted as the gesture of good will its smirking proponents claim it to be. They know its a lie, we know its a lie, but that's what political correctness is all about.
off to the side, looking serious, dark sunglasses on. I have no doubt that if anyone tried anything with me, he’d do a Vulcan lock on them and the assaulter would go down to the ground quietly, with nary a murmur. Handsome is a very handy husband to have around. So, be warned and all that…
As minor as it was, “Almost Summer” may represent the last gasp of America’s rediscovered Seventies love affair with the Beach Boys.
I am not here to try to psychoanalyze Perfume444′s nature as a fan, or try to guess if he is for real or just playing a character online. Everyone else has done that already. What I am here to talk about is the existential crisis he is going through right now—the inevitable downward crash AFTER you meet the girls of your dreams and, unlike a 26-episode anime where everything wraps up neatly, you realize you still have the rest of your life to live.
And then, 3 days later I found him in his box with the worst colic I've ever seen. Waiting for the vet we walked around outside. At first he walked willingly but as time by went he started breathing faster and faster and his pulse was up to over 70 beats /min (normally Fonti had about 35/min). He was sweating all over and once suddenly laid down and refused to get up. After some time he did get up again and the vet finally got there. All she could do was give him some painkillers and send us on our way to the equine clinic.
The corrupt will target the credibility of those who stand against them,this is bound to happen, for what else they can target at?
everyone to make a hole in the top of their hot soufflé and pour in some very
Somehow I doubted that. The thing with Robyn is that well, she’s perfect. I mean she’s not the hottest or the most beautiful girl at school, but she is pretty. I always called it her ‘charm’, her ability to get people to listen to what she had to say. Because believe me, they always listened.
A question already? Yes? You in the back. The one I planted in the lecture hall to ask the questions I want to answer. You want to know what I mean by good writing? Thank you for asking.
4. To fry: dust a few balls with flour, then dip into the batter, letting any excess drip off. Fry for 1-2 mins, until very lightly golden. Drain. Repeat with remaining balls. Return first set of balls to the oil, letting fry until a deep golden brown. Drain and serve with your sauce of choice.
I am proud to be from a country that appreciates freedom of worship and my freedom to tell others of Jesus love.
Regular readers will have noticed a falling production rate recently and, your blogger fears, quality control lapses.
Vashti: GET SLEEP! Choose subjects you like. Don’t stress. Love what you do!
Yet we go looking for love and fulfillment in all the wrong places in order to fill that God hole. Besides looking for it in person after person, we turn to food, sex, drugs, cigarettes, alcohol, gambling, work, exercise, hobbies, sports, fame, power, money, church work, gossip, lying, stealing, cheating . . . and we suffer the consequences of our wrong choices. We’re stressed out, overweight, sick in our body, sick in our soul, in debt, distracted, addicted, having sometimes lost the people we truly loved and who truly loved us, receiving false flattery that only satisfies our egos temporarily, in trouble with the law, in trouble with creditors, unemployed, homeless, lonely, being surrounded by people of corrupt morals that we would never have truly chosen as “friends” and we are still empty inside. These are the people who are desperate or who have given up all hope of anything better and just exist from day-to-day or who say, “To heck with it all!! I’m going to do what I like when I like and with whom I like!! And if anyone has a problem with it, to heck with them!!” And these are the people Jesus came to save. In fact, He sought out and hung around people just like these when He was here on earth. He sought out people like me, because I was one of these people!!
The men in the family soon decided to pretend my camera didn’t exist….
1 lobby
They got me all settled on my side and I looked at my sister in law and said "I feel pressure". She looked at the OB and repeated it and I have never seen people move so fast. It was actually kind of funny b/c they all know how fast I go from pressure to delivery (like super fast!). This all happened around 10pm and "S" was born at 10:11pm weighing 6lbs 14oz and perfect as ever!
Invention and Patent of Profile-Taking Machine
Valtivity enables companies with a software development component to find and implement their ideal way of working that maximizes value to the company and its employees and allows them to find and serve new market opportunities faster. Valtivity does this by using unique training and coaching methods to rapidly teach the latest Lean and Agile techniques.
The "Japan vs China" game was set for Wednesday night, September 28th. The publicity spread in the days leading up to the game brought in just the Chinese fan support Vic DeVincenzi had hoped for. The Wa Sung Athletic Club alone bought 100 tickets and Oakland's Chinatown where Lee lived flocked to the ballpark in droves. All told more than 3,000 enthusiastic fans filled Oaks Park, a darn good turnout for a late season game between two lousy teams going nowhere.
A man tries to abduct Molly Monroe and her mother, Elizabeth, in a Walmart parking lot. Tom Lowe’s sleuth, Sean O’Brien, is there to save the day when he smashes the would-be kidnapper’s head into the car before anything bad can happen.
one sees the path
Our weekend jaunt to San Antonio to celebrate my parents' 41st anniversary is a perfect example. While I was out mowing the lawn yesterday afternoon, Kate was keying in a blog entry about our trip. Now all I have to write about is how nice the lawn looks. Such is life for a Texan male suffering from Hank Hill complex.
Once I got to work, the “May Day madness” hit a new level. My co-worker and officemate, Lisa, and I decided to make a few baskets for our co-workers. We had fun leaving them outside their office doors, knocking, and running. What a great start to the day!
I sit still listening to the language of the heart as if living in a world that far out of reach where the bitterness and anguish hiding which ready to come while in lulled
She squatted in front of me with knees parted
--sja
As the above quote states, his views have changed organically over time, but he was undoubtedly influenced by mounting pressure from gay rights advocates that reached a fever pitch on Tuesday night when North Carolina approved a constitutional amendment that banned both same-sex marriages and civil unions.
This is not good Feng Shui. Unless you're a Vampire or a Spoken Word Artist, this type of décor – especially if it is your only décor, is not inspiring.
2) Jenny – She seems very nice has all the skills and is a bit quiet. Jamie thinks she “lacks the confidence” actually he doesn’t fancy her.
A few suggestions I thought were very interesting. One person said that when their characters aren't cooperating, she tells them they are going to Disneyworld. And when the charters say, WTF, they end up taking her by the hand and leading her where they need to go.
laportsia
I plan on sleeping in, hoping to have breakfast in bed, and then my mom and I are off to the movies and getting a pedicure. I hope to lounge around the rest of the day reading my book and soaking up the sun!
To be fair, there are times when the ability to run at incredible speeds comes in handy. I’ll bet you’ve never seen any world-class runners getting chased down and caught by vicious canines or muggers, eaten by ravenous great white sharks as they flee the roiling surf at the beach, or been trampled by enormous, powerful beasts during the running of the bulls in Pamplona, Spain.
There was a very interesting program on BBC radio 4 women’s hour with Yasmeen Khan broadcasted on 17th April 2012 called ‘my name is not ‘hey baby”. Some of you are probably wondering what this was really about and may not be enticed by the title but I urge you to continue reading. This program aimed to assess the impact of the “Slutwalk” (which took place in 2011 all over the UK). The aim of this walk was a protest against the blaming of victims of rape and sexual violence rather than the perpetrators as well as raise awareness to street harassment and encourage women to raise their voices against it. Women all over the world decided that enough was enough.
And you, you are just a cunt.
You're perfect, you're perfect!
Technological advance drives the history of our species. Nothing was quick or easy for our most primitive ancestors. Their sole purpose was survival, and survival took up all their time. Over generations, they improved upon their understandings and processes and were able to do more with less and in less time. Better weapons made faster kills, and better flames faster meals. They fashioned clothing, planted crops, and grew ever more adept at shaping their environments.
It’s officially summer! It's even summer here in Oregon, the land where spring comes in so late and stays so late, we’ve started changing our calendars to show the month of Junuary.
Seriously? Is it just me thinking he’s not owning his shit in this? It’s his job to come up with a plan to prevent this from happening again and his plan is for me to stop it. That’s not a fucking plan. That’s a dependency. I’m not your fucking mom, I’m not your fucking Jiminy Cricket. It’s not up to me to stop you. You need to come up with a way, with some sort of fail safe on your own. I can’t be with you all the time. It’s called deployments and distance schools. I won’t be there to stop it then, so how is it ever my job to see it coming. I shouldn’t have to see it coming – it should never have come in the first place. Your fuck up, your fix. I can help, but you can’t depend on me to do it for you.
into the wortewale
