I'm sure I'll refer to that little beach as Hobo Beach in the foreseeable future.
How often do you just let loose and go kinda nuts in the name of fun?
1 package Big and Flaky Crescent rolls (Or 2 packages regular crescent rolls)
God damn you dad. #longhairdontcare
Harry is just about to start his tenth session of chemotherapy and should be feeling better by Christmas. I think my daughter and grandsons are coming over for Christmas so that will be something good to look forward to.
“The worse the abuse, the more it increases the risk of developing psychosis. Someone who has experienced non-consensual sexual intercourse before the age of 16 is 10 times more likely to develop the mental disorder,” Professor Bebbington said.
Taken together, it sounds as if Mrs. Obama is promoting vegetable "cleansing" as an antidote for sugar addiction and binge eating. The subject is even highlighted with its own special subtitle on the internet version of the story: The Cleanse. This raised a red flag with this writer--and other observers, in part because Mrs. Obama has spent so much time stressing that she's interested in helping Americans develop a balanced approach to eating. The word "cleanse" raises the ghost not only of imbalance, but of extremism. And because the LHJ story is titled "Michelle Obama's New Mission," and is all about Let's Move!, it seems as if cleansing is a recommended part of the campaign, too. It sounds like policy.
“The Caretakers”, written by Shauna Nosler, is the dramatic story of a family that has experienced extreme loss. The book begins with an intense scene that creates the storyline for the book. Readers are then introduced to the main characters of the book – Caroline (11 years old); Jasper Jamieson, her father; Mitch, her cousin, and Aunt Mabel, Caroline’s aunt. We hear from the characters and learn their perspective about their lives and their family.
I know you are going to an amazing school. (rockprairiemontessori.com) I know the teachers there are phenomenal. I've wanted you to go to that school, since I was pregnant with you. So why is it that all I am imagining is, you being scared and alone during lunch time with no friends? You've never eaten lunch without me to have a conversation with. Are you going to be scared? Are you going to feel rejected? What if you want to call me and no one let's you? Holy god I need to calm down.
They say don’t fix what isn’t broken and nothing is more true. But to be honest, we were trying to enhance it, not fix it. In future, we will think twice before spending large amounts of money on something that sounds too good to be true.
Winners will be posted on each perspective blog this Friday, April 8. Don't forget to leave comments, and check back on Friday as well!
Now, as for the poignancy; it’s here in Jedi that all the previous threads of stories come together. Vader and Luke confront each other about Vader’s last declaration - the ultimate debate between a domineering father and his distraught, confused son. As they battle together near the end, resentment and anger surface and play a part in deciding a victor almost as much as forgiveness of sins past. Needless to say, it ends in what is perhaps (if you’ve never seen it before) a most unexpected selfless act.
He came to spend a few days with me some weeks later. It was summertime again, just like the year before when we first met and I was driving alongside the park to meet with him, and I was….happy. I was happier this summer, if that’s even possible! I was working again and settled into my job, I was in love, I finally had a new place and felt independent again, and the person who was the source of my love and affection loved me back. Life was good.
I really don't see what this cheery routine has to do with a song about loneliness.
Fathers will consider their wives and children before taking a decision to abandon them. There will be fewer broken homes. Pastors will seek the welfare of their congregation above their own. Governments will seek the good of their citizens beyond the treachery and fickleness of politics. Each human heart will yearn to see another’s good and welfare.
Here is a picture of the blog candy minus the images (cause I haven't stamped them yet LOL)
A real band has to perform live, though, so we arranged to play our two songs in between sets of a terrible new wave group at the horrible Nino's Steak House. We were just terrible (success!), but the audience was enthusiastic. Here's a flier for the show:
Out at the edge of the city runs a street bound on either side of sand deposited by thousands of years of wind. New houses are being built, but it is quiet this morning and others are out walking as well. Toward the end of it, a man counselled me to turn around to avoid the upcoming traffic of a busy street, but I was headed that way. I thanked him and walked beside the road as heavy trucks, motorbikes, and occasional cars sped past. I walked alongside the shrine to Ganesh, the elephant-faced god, as an elderly man swept the stone clean of debris. A couple of guys driving a camel cart called out to me to join them “no charge.” I wondered where I might have gone had I taken them up on their offer. Probably out to a camp where I would be offered chai.
It's a lively, hoppy beer. A tad bit sour in the taste (yeast at work?). Astringently lemony grapefruit hop zested flavour on the tongue.
In the Affordable Housing Memorandum of Understanding, the developer pledged that 50% of the subsidized units, in terms of floor area, would be larger (2BR and 3BR) units. That pledge is not being met with the first building.
Warning! This Movie Review have contains some Spoiler, please DO NOT READ ON if you do not wish to know any spoilers, but if you its on your own risk!
You just need to step into the abundant mindset and this you can do one step at a time.
Never underestimate the Book Maven. She is very clever and has many talents. Among them is her ability as a proof reader. She has a forensic attention to detail, knows the correct word for everything, her spelling is perfect, and her knowledge of all things grammatical is second to none. I trust her above all others. She especially loves finding things that the copy editor has missed, so when I got the first proof copies of This Is Not Forgiveness, I asked her to read it for me. I knew that if there were mistakes there, she’d find them.
In case I wasn't already a bumbling superfan, Anais recently asked me to perform the part of one of the Fates in the "Virginia Sings Hadestown" run of the show in February. I'll be singing with Anais, Devon Sproule, Paul Curreri and the whole crew, in Norfolk, Charlottesville and DC, giddy and squealing at the chance. Go here for information and tickets.
LONG LIVE THE RHINO!
It's definitely worth a trip..a little pricey, but you need to go at least once.
As an aside, I don’t believe that idents are in any way a decent substitute for a 30 second commercial either. They tend to be merely about name recognition and association with whichever programme is being sponsored rather than standalone pieces of engaging advertising.
On Tuesday Doctor 2 (the surgeon) decided Mr Ric Rac needed surgery and sent us to another hospital. (Doctor 2.5 was also present and we believe is a student doctor of some sort but he wasn’t introduced and plays no further part in our rollicking tale). Please note his clothes had the sharpest creases of any clothes ever ironed.
that pretty much sums up our life at the moment.
If you have a blog you can blog about this giveaway. You can borrow the text about the fragrances and use the photo of the ELLA fragrances in your blog post. Please make sure to include a link to this giveaway in your post. Including a link to the ELLA website would also be polite (note to Icelandic bloggers: tengið á íslensku ELLA síðuna ef þið bloggið á íslensku)
I thought of this again a few days after my trip to the cinema, when I was reading a student essay on Barbarella (also released in 1968). That film is a sci-fi comedy sex romp, directed by Roger Vadim, starring Jane Fonda.
Okay onto my card! :)
*At the office…*
Initial payment
And what did I learn after watching Candyman?
The lids are made of plastic, but it never technically has to even come into contact with food anyway. These are the best lids I have ever used, and even my toddler can get it off without spilling the contents! Just snap the lid on and off on each of the 4 sides without prying and much effort at all! The lid is also airtight and even watertight because of the silicone seal under the lid, so food is fresh and lasts longer than storing food in other containers out there. The one feature that I wish Wean Green would implement is a way for the lid and bottom of another container to fit together when stacked. They sort of shimmy around when stacked at the moment.
When I live the affirmation that “GOD IS….” what I observe, feel and experience, then I can be all embracing in the knowledge that I cannot eliminate loneliness, but I can hold; I cannot eliminate pain, but I can live a life of compassion.
archetypes of wild women, Bush connects with that part of
I’ll let you take your pick.
01 - Kings & Queens (14:16) (the band stops the song after a mis-start and begins again)
On a more theological note though (not that Cats isn't a theological treatise but, well, you know...) what might one do to make the Ascension story accessible and relevant to a congregation? Obviously the writer of Luke-Acts thought it was an important story -- he included two versions! A word of warning though -- I personally would avoid trying to link the story with modern astronomical knowledge ;) .
Then --
Love is that You
It should look like this when you cut it:
The year 2011 is now over, and I ended the year on a good note, with a letter to the editor in my local paper. The link won’t last long but I’ll reproduce my piece here:
Being visible is the key.
Woody's Top 10 (in alphabetical order)
right name
"I want to stay here in America", he finally admitted to me.
As promised last week I am going to share the story of Kalijon, a very special orangutan who was born at the Kansas City Zoo on April 24, 2009.
After only 3 visits my shaman guy decides he's cutting me loose. I never really understood it. He said that he was afraid he would harm me, rather than help, because our belief systems did not match, exactly. This did not seem right, to me. Before, he had felt led... now, he was letting me go??? I felt abandoned, again. First by Tim... now, by this person who had said that he would not leave till he had seen me through the entire process??? I couldn't believe it. What would I do now? Anyone else would think I was crazy, I couldn't let just anyone in. I could, but they wouldn't know what they were looking at, if they got in, what would be the use.
Looking on the bright side, my girls had an excellent time dominating all the playgroup toys without competition, the playgroup craft cupboard is now the cleanest and most organized it has been in years (I got a little bored while waiting) and we have enough playdough to last until Christmas.
The Stoke-on-Trent North Constituency Labour Party hopes that this does not cause undue problems when viewing the website.
Getting up was way early – 5AM or so. We had to break camp and walk to the bus stop to make it to the first backpackers bus at 6AM. There was a small quarrel again about the buses and the exact place we could leave our van because the people in the park were giving mixed information. Eventually, after some struggle to start the van we were off to the Wonder Lake.
I really am not sure where to begin, it is like saying goodbye to a family member. As you know my daughter (and the boys) dance. We have been at the same studio since we started 6 years ago, and now that studio is closing. It has been a hard decesion for them and for all of us, but was somewhat expected. The studio was founded by Tom Waters and they are celebrating its 50th anniversary this year, and we are choosing to celebrate that instead of focusing on the closing but it is sad that it is coming to an an end. Tom had a hand in teaching alot of people who now own or teach in most studios around the county. To view a trailer for a little insight into what Tom has meant to dance and the people who know him click the documentary link.
You imprison my devoted heart
So that's it for me today. I hope everyone has a safe and happy weekend!
Trampoline fails are always hilarious because there’s so many ways to hurt your self with one bouncy mat attached to springs its never going to end well.
And the cycle begins again, as though I started a dose of antibiotics, but never finished it. The plague lives on.
Winner in the Cottage in the Oaks giveaway!!!
We are working like eight arrangers. Every day we get together to hang out and talk and the ideas for each song keep coming. And the result couldn't be better, I think; we all think so.
No stranger to foreign visitors, Azikiwe was one of several W.W.P. activists to attend September 21, 2010, New York meeting, with President of Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
WASHINGTON, DC - The acting inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security is launching a separate investigation into the Secret Service prostitution scandal.
The catalogue for the Sage's next sale is at the printers and Ro is trying to work on the website tonight, but Skydrive won't let him access the photos, even though it clearly says at my end that he has permission and I can't see a time limit. Hmmm. Since our internet is deadly slow now, it takes ages for anything to happen at all, and I'm still trying to check it out. Honestly, darlings, it's a good job that I'm as remarkably patient as I am.
DURATION: 2 hours
Here's a little collage of photos from our trip. I wrote Mikayla's name in the sand, and the boys made sand angels. I have a whole new appreciation for the amazing work that Carly Marie does with her Names in the Sand...wow! The sunset was on our last night, and I thought our angels were doing quite a beautiful job painting the sky. =) Mikayla is with us wherever we go now, always in our thoughts
Full Tilt Poker is still a four letter word in our house. No sign of a payout yet, although it seems every week they promise to make a statement. They keep stringing everyone along, something about a new French investor… There are mixed feelings here about the possible payout; people feel strongly one way or the other, but the site is generally a joke now (as we were walking into the AutoMercato a gringo walked out wearing a Full Tilt hat and we literally burst out laughing, we’re hoping he was going for irony).
Downtown After Five lowdown
For now I'll continue to be a wallflower at the Tecktonik ball until I'm the only one left not flailing my arms around my head, pretending to comb my fauxhawk. I can feel my "damn kids" complaints growing in the back of my throat & getting ready to shove themselves on to an unsuspecting public of sexually-ambiguous 80's regurgitaters.
“Aliens!” Shouted Peter. “No, really, this is how they get reported…people hanging out drinking in the woods looking up at moving, flashing lights.”
Helpful herbs for teas include capsicum (cayenne), which is used to treat conditions caused by a cold or flu. Capsicum tea might be a painful treatment if inflammation is severe.
until thickened.
Nietzsche instead exalted tragedy, chaos, disorder and irrationality, symbolized by the god Dionysus, god of growth and drunken orgies. He claimed that Socrates had turned the world instead to the worship of Apollo, god of the sun, light, order and reason. But the fate of Nietzsche’s god Dionysus was soon to overtake Nietzsche himself; as Dionysus was literally torn apart by the Titans, supernatural monsters of the underworld, Nietzsche’s mind was to be cracked asunder by his own inner Titans.
Promarkers used - meadow green, leaf green, bright green, forest green, lemon, yellow, sunflower, poppy, crimson, glacier blue (f), celestial blue (f).
with the landlady’s knock, since she was passing by.
What follows are some recent examples of savage genocidal Black-on-White racism, stories you will never see on TV. After reading these stories you should ask yourself if it is merely crime and why they are not shown on the 6 o'clock news alongside this story about the racist White students.
Here is the IASP World Suicide Prevention Activities link showing what’s being held to support the day: http://www.iasp.info/wspd/2010_wspd_activities.php
A lot of people ask me why I sign off my blog posts with "From His Lap". It started some years ago, when our church held a year long 24/7 Prayer Event. We dedicated a small room in the church for prayer. The walls where covered in white paper so that you could write prayer requests and praise reports on them, the lights were dimmed and you could play any praise and worship music you liked. Each person signed up for an hour of prayer any time of the day or night. Since I wasn't working at the time, I choose countless hours to spend in the prayer room.
To be fair, less is more, the shorter we can make each section the better.
3. Sherlock later becomes transfixed by a dominatrix, Irene Adler (Lara Pulver), who knows too much about too many powerful people and has more than a few of them — including CIA agents — trying to kill her while she trades information to Moriarty that foils a British military operation.
1 pierce
My garlic soup recipe is of origin unknown, most likely copied out of a cookbook borrowed from the public library during my foodie youth, but I tinkered with it enough to confidently call it my own adaptation. It's a very herb-redolent broth, perfect for bolstering the winter-ravaged immune system and imparting a warm glow after a day battling the wind and cold. Just be sure to share it with those around you, since "...garlic is the ravisher, dominating those who would eat it, and then crowing that subjugation to the world through the body's every pore." (p. 120)
Ah, well. As frustrated as I am with the difficulties of writing, I still love it. It's a challenge, and I'll learn how to overcome these bumps as I go along.
12 Badlands (5:50)
“All of these solutions derive their origins from the text of the book. But once the book designer has read the text, he needs to be an interpreter and a translator.”
Author: Belle Hart
(Matthew 15:19 (NIV))
Natasha Diakides
compilations of voices recorded long before
Peace Mennonite Church keeps a prayer list for those in need. If you need prayer, or want to e-mail our pastor, e-mail billd @ peacemennonitechurch.net (Take out the extra spaces to use this e-mail—the spaces confuse spam generators).
score @ 3 1/4" then flip and do the other side @ 3 1/4"
For weeks I'll wait to get the news
Also consider this from Ephesians 5:
“Its funny how the hype has calmed down since I mentioned the emails. Where I come from we don’t snitch I’d rather die than sell my soul #simples.”
I think Corn Chex started out as "chore chex"
Full Sail Brewing Company / Tasting Room and Pub Keelhauler (Brewmaster Reserve 2009)
The Verb. The hurt I’s. The accusatory you’s. The ambitious we’s. This one’s got all of that. And some brilliant musical composition. But what has been very tastefully and craftily left out is melodrama. And that’s great. For a breakup album, this song sits right at the top. That’s all I’ll say about it. Listen to feel more.
This is a link to an article written for the Frankfurt Book Fair on print on demand businesses and technology in Germany as well as a little about the rise and demand in self-publishing services.
Investigators probing the Secret Service prostitute scandal are looking into whether any of the girls involved were underage, Ronald Kessler, the journalist who broke the story, tells Newsmax.TV exclusively.
For this card I started by chosing that bright cheery polkadotty spring paper for a BG. . . I thought I would get the last little bit of spring colors out of my system before I retire all of my springy stacks and scraps to the bottom of the shelves. . . it’s time to get out the autumn and winter colors and I just can’t wait. :) Talk about some fun colors!!
In the end, the ceremonies happened. Everybody still got married, every bride got her outdoor wedding. Some officiants rushed through the ceremonies with eyes on the sky. Some made good analogies about not being able to control our futures or another person any more than we can control the weather and isn’t that what marriage is all about (good point, Pastor Steve). Some good-naturedly stood there getting soaked, giving heart-felt readings from first Corinthians.
Ginger tea can be used when you experience motion sickness. Drinking ginger tea is far healthier than the nausea-relieving pills that are sold on the market. Ginger tea will give comfort to the nervous stomach and make you more bernergi.
Support for the war in Afghanistan has fallen to an all-time low with the majority of Americans saying the U.S. should withdraw all of its troops from Afghanistan before the 2014 deadline set by the Obama administration, according to a new poll.
So, it’s pretty easy to stop by the McDonald’s on the way out of work for a cheap large diet pop. I’ve been trying very hard to not do this. I do not take any form of money into work so I do not buy anything. This typically solves the problem.
Suncor, Barrick, Domtar and Pason Systems increased dividends. Maple Group extended its offer for the TMX Group. Man Group, a hedge fund manager, saw $1 billion in redemptions in Q1. MasterCard saw a 17% increase in use of its cards.
Here’s my initial shot (straight out of camera jpeg) of it:
M-dog is exceptionally good at carpet bombing or crop dusting; walking in to a room, letting one loose and walking out. Then when you turn up your nose and pass out he is confused.
Now onto the actual review portion.. lol.. When they labelled it for dry skin, they weren’t kidding. The sheet mask itself is made of this gauzy material, which is different from the usual material I’m used to from My Beauty Diary or Silk Whitia, but it does fit my face really well. In fact this mask is the best fit for my face amongst the different brands I’ve used. It’s very well soaked in essence, but not dripping wet like Silk Whitia, which can be annoying when I end up dripping serum all over my pyjamas. My skin feels very nicely moistened after I’ve had this on for about half an hour, and the smell of oats and honey is pleasant, not too strong so I don’t feel like I just layered some cereal over my face. lol..
You could pray for us, too. And we could pray for you. Happy New Year!
When you have finished stitching, you'll have a cone shape like the one above.
Unlike previous sessions, however, the seasons have moved on, and it is now light in the early evenings. Additionally, with The Mill on the Fleet open again for the tourist season, the empty gallery space I used for the last 3 photo sessions is no longer available.
And I can't rise above it and see it as a dream....- all a perception, all just a dream.
If you are interested in becoming a Stella & Dot Stylist watch this video it is really worth your time. Please feel free to email me (felissahadas @ gmail .com) if you have any questions about the opportunity. I would love to have you join my team no matter where you are located in the US.
It's clever, right? Ask any soldier with Massive Head Trauma.
Anyhow I am off now.
Anyway, I wanted to show you their library blog - here - and also tell you about their special fund-raising day TOMORROW (Thursday Oct 7th). They are holding a disco for school funds and a load of pink activities for breast cancer charities. It's the day before the school half-term so I'm guessing there will be a lot of excitement in school that day and not much work done!
5. Serve the risotto immediately in wide bowls, topped with additional Parmesan cheese and crispy bacon if using.
Now, instead of the concrete yard that measured 12' x 12' , which was enclosed by high walls and which had a factory towering over it we have this......
The Piggly Wiggly Country Village isn’t the quietest place in the Midlands and we found ourselves wandering into the surrounding fields to escape the crowds of screaming children and enthusiastic shoppers. It is, however, er Fine Wines, Hudworth checking out if you find yourself winding your way along the Meander route.
Corruption, that scourge of the modern democracy...Can it be snuffed out in the Middle East?
While he is stepping back to judge his handiwork he might knock a wine glass off the counter.
I know it may sound like I am exaggerating but that was one of the happiest nights of my life. So of course it makes sense that I would spend $50.00 on a huge poster signed by the ENTIRE CAST!!!
Moderator: Andre Lucena (University of Alberta)
Awards can give your book buzz. It can raise your cache. It can boost sales. (Interestingly, Publisher's Lunch is reporting that Bloomsbury upped its reprint order for National Book Award fiction winner SALVAGE THE BONES by Jesmyn Ward to 50,000 copies.)
So instead of a card I thought I'd play with a Valentine's project. I'm thinking there may be more of these coming but when I do that I end up eating the leftover chocolates. That's baaaad!! But yummy. LOL!!
My childhood was a relatively happy one. I can't really complain about anything. Sure, at the time I would get mad at my parents for saying "No" about something. But in the long run, didn't I end up a better person? (At least I hope so? :-P)
Arminghall is perhaps best known today as the site of a substantial car boot sale, but that is by contrast with what I have to say a very recent phenomenon. I have nothing against car boot sales, but I have never been to this one, although a lady I was talking to recently says it is a great place for bargains. Perhaps I should go.
The fact that the liberal elite have completely lost touch with the heart of this country and its people could hardly have been exposed more clearly than on Thursday night by the jeers of derision which greeted any reference to a native race of Britons, and the cheers of delight awarded to anyone who claimed that no such thing as an indigenous Briton existed. I am sure that such new world orthodoxy was welcomed with with Champers cork popping glee, in the wine bars of Hoxton, and the aromatherapy scented drawing rooms of Hampstead, however, I doubt it played so well in Preston, Burnley or Porthcawl.
Frozen mixed vegetables
There's also the unit themselves - all of them kids in the grand scheme of things. If we're left with any question about how young they are, seeing the scraggly facial hair that they try to grow through deployment remind us of the little'uns that they are. They're full of bravado, even in moments where they seem unsure. In one scene we watch them killing time by playing a "call of Duty" sort of video game on a laptop, and the fact they love such things is a huge help since it's possible that it gives them the detachment neccessary to do what they have to do.
It's my birthday soon and as I was half hoping to receive a contribution towards a running club membership I'm hoping a trip to the doctor will be a positive move and get me on the road to recovery fairly quickly ... fingers, toes and everything else crossed!!
Dear Heavenly Father, thank You for overshadowing Mary and filling her with Your grace so that the fruit of her womb became our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. May we worship You, and You alone. In Jesus’ Name, amen.
It is much more difficult to see a propaganda system at work where the media are private and formal censorship is absent. This is especially true where the media actively compete, periodically attack and expose corporate and governmental malfeasance, and aggressively portray themselves as spokesmen for free speech and the general community interest. What is not evident (and remains undiscussed in the media) is the limited nature of such critiques, as well as the huge inequality in command of resources, and its effect both on access to a private media system and on its behavior and performance.
1 scornfully
I tried again, and walked without pain, and then tried to run. I lasted about 30 seconds.
David Ruffley, the shadow police reform minister, said the spending was "utterly disgraceful" and called for a clampdown.
Fine leather, silk and a little twist of transparency marked by oriental embellishments characterise the designs and meanwhile leave a somehow undefinable warm but edgy spirit to the collection. Unexpected silhouttes mingling with elegant tones and coaxing clear cuts - the variety in IFA's designs are clearly representing what the designers seek to create: A fashion response to Istanbul's diversity and its beauty of tradition, youth and foreign influences.
MY MANTEL AT CHRISTMAS TIME
My initial plan was to fly the traditional route down to Worthing as I had declared a goal by the pier, however as we were passing Andover Martin yelled across to me that he was heading to Bournemouth as he thought the drift was slightly to the west. I was happy to go with this plan even though I wasn’t familiar with the airspace on this route. We parted company with Richard here as he was clearly sticking to his plan A!
The Imperial Star Destroyer has gone missing
to see what ive lost on my way,
Jonathan Pinnock (UK) – Dot Dash (to be published 2012)
Balance: At the top of the webpage, the webpage icon and the name of the webpage(magazine) is balanced against each other.
A4 Decoupage die-cut sheet - Christmas Dress Up x 2
He lights from horse and to his knees he gets
. As a child in Kent in England, I lived by the sea,
A painter who came highly recommended was hired to transform the cabinets with a few coats of creamy white paint. A piece of granite to match the existing counters was located for the peninsula top. Beautiful beveled subway tile was chosen for the back splash. The statement light fixture was ordered. The groundwork laid, a few additional details needed to be selected which I wrote about here. The project began in November and was mostly finished in time for a December family holiday party!
No indeed, I have deeply thought-out views about politics (10-15 minutes of serious contemplation; bascially the feudal system seems fine to me, as long as I am a Duke or an Earl or whatever). Plus, what my ultra-paranoid editor doesn’t realize is that I will be so wealthy and influential by this time next year that Babyface will be begging ME to plan the budget for the country. Imaginary budget planning is, after all, one of my many specialties. The Queen of Boring is forgetting that I already have several orders to begin planning imaginary businesses for people! It’s almost time for me to increase my fees I’m getting so bogged down. By next year, (especially if I drive to the city and spend 15 minutes in the mall handing out some business cards) I will be one of the most sought after, rich advisors in the land! Politicians will be trembling lest they incur my wrath. Honestly, I feel like waking her up just to point this out. But I digress.
Firstly, I'll start with yesterday.
The girls are settling in nicely, I think the "newness" of having a real life baby doll is subsiding although they still LOVE holding him, are constantly giving him kisses and they just sit and watch him sleep. I have 2 BIG helpers and it's been great.
filled with stuff only room for the driver I think
Then it's straight upstairs for bathtime. I bath all 4 at once and it's never a quiet exercise. Finn is usually bouncing off the walls encouraged by his sisters and clothes are flying around me. As the pregnancy goes on my patience is being a little tested but bath time is fun time. However, a quick bath is always a good bath in my opinion. All the big kids are out and dried before elodie and she's my last little one out of the bath and dressed. It's a huge relief when we're out of there!
- A College Girls Guide to Crafty Procrastination – If there was anything I loved in university, it was procrastination. She’s handing out DIY honesty too, with cute results
Evidence of the bronze age prototype of SenseMaker where visitors narrative fragments are captured on rice paper lining the walls of the houses.
8. Relax your arms down to shoulder height, gently. They will be extended sideways, palms down. You will feel the movement of the tiny cords as they respond to your energy.
Dove Save $1/1 Men+Care Body and Face Wash 13.5oz+ ets or Save $1/1 Active Clean Shower Tool (4/22)
With Mercury back in Aries, he is resuming a special relationship with Mars. Each of these planets is in a sign the other governs. This relationship is called a mutual reception, and it blends their energies and influences, so that anything that happens with one resonates with the other. With both of them moving comfortably now, everything that breaks loose or inches forward will have an added oomph, excitement, exhilaration … or maybe just impulsiveness.
This first Jam will rely on whatever instruments and amplification you feel like bringing, and sharing is highly encouraged. Below, though, is our growing backline.
Tapper: Rick Santorum is a lot like you but smart
It has been reported that West Brom had offered the Canadian-born defensive midfielder a contract, but that Hargreaves had turned it down in the hope of receiving an offer from a more illustrious club.
grated nutmeg (optional)
The sense of space was breathtaking and the light pearly - I could imagine that at dawn, with the sun rising over the sea and the cliffs of Beachy Head, Rav for one would have been in his element. The breakwater with its arches borrowed from a de Chirico painting has evidently been closed for some time, so one can't walk to the lighthouse at the end as Ravilious did in a storm in September 1935 (the night an old man was swept off the same pier to his death).
Its labyrinthine hallways and stairwells spilled into ornately designed lounges and dancefloors. Old marble crypts sat next to rows of liquor bottles. The chapel became a VIP lounge. Upstairs, surrealist illustrator HR Giger, famous for his designs of the creatures from the Alien films, specially designed a dance floor.
~You will need the ability to take good quality photos of your creations.
Please mention JOB CODE while applying for particular post.
With the Big 12 tournament starting in Kansas City today, everyone in town is full of rabble rabble about basketball and the guaranteed drunken mess that downtown will be as the week goes on. I decided to take the concept of the Big 12 and put a craft beer spin on it, so I scrounged up some data on the top 12 craft beer companies of 2011 in terms of production. Check them out below, from smallest to largest:
Model : Arizona Muse
O. Pful
They’re furnished in dust
That’s okay. It happens to everyone all the time.
It isn’t really a plein air piece just practice. I am committed to doing plein air this summer. It’s something I quit doing a few years back and I miss it. Seems I needed a push to get going again and I got just that from a friend who has taken up painting. She wants to learn so she asked me if we could set a time to do it on a regular basis this summer.
The victory with the tobacco industry was decisive. Given the awards that have been granted, it has spread fear throughout the entire advertising industry. But it is only a first step, in bringing the industry to account and forcing it to change.
The second key idea I found in The Hunger Games is the question of meaning. The powers-that-be in the movie are not pleased with how the game ends. They insist it must be spun as a romantic story, because it causes less damage to see it that way than to see it as an act of rebellion.
"No." says Ted. “Revenue today, how do you intend to bring in money today?"
Your turn to do the talking.
Thank you, House for making me disclose everything to my doctors and providing wonderful examples of the anti-hero in my classroom. I also have been known to rock your blazer with graphic tee combo to great success. However, the plots are too predictable most of the time and ridiculous the rest of the time.
I really should have done more training for the 10K yesterday. However, I managed to snag another silver medal! Woo!
And with that news...everything in the shop must go! Once it's gone it's gone! Everything is 50% off with free shipping on U.S. orders. Just enter BONVOYAGE at checkout. xoxo
Even after the proceeds from the pension-obligation bonds had run out, Blagojevich and the Illinois Legislature continued to underpay the required pension contributions, by $300 million in 2005, $1.2 billion in 2006 and $1.1 billion in 2007.
She’s at basketball game. She’s doing the ‘Dougie,’ she’s obviously doesn’t take herself too seriously. A supermodel, acting a fool, embarrassing her friends, I’m going to make a judgement call and say she’s definitely down to earth. And you got to love her enthusiasm (I hate it when a chick plays it ‘too cool for school’).
Photo’s Provided by “Pictures by Michael”.
"Exactly. Do what you said on your report, about sleep, diet, exercise.... I'll see you in three months. Touch wood all will go well till then."
Staying alive was costing them a fortune.
Leading Cincinnati Public Relations Firm Launches Industry Trade Magazine
03 Things Ain't What They Used To Be (Ellington, Persons) 5:49
Before doing IMPACT training, each delegate was screened and interviewed by phone. For many of them, the next step will be to undergo training that will prepare them for deployment with the new Canadian Red Cross field hospital. The field hospital, or Emergency Response Unit, is supported by the Canadian government’s First Responder Initiative.
Well, A semester down and another one started. It will be great if I can remember what I study, lol! Things have been crazy around here with Thansgiving, Christmas and New Years, but glad to be back in routine again.
What makes their campaign so awful is that they're trying to convince business travelers that flying Southwest will make us "more productive." Right. That's the big airline issue for me. Not price. Not schedule. Not comfort. Not reliability.
Here is the stamp set. I hope you like it!
My husband and children -more gifts in my hope chest.
Now, I would never advocate smoking while pregnant. But with the exception of one very stupid attention seeking person I once saw in the press claiming that smoking was strengthening the lungs of her fetus, I don't know one single person who smokes who hasn't tried to give up during pregnancy.
Part 2: Happy Birthday to my friend Jen. Jen, you are kind, sincere and an incredibly strong woman who, even during difficulties, still manages to stay sane and graceful. I liked you before, but I really grew to love and respect you after reading about your recent struggle with Mark's health. I love seeing what a strong wife and mother you've become and am very proud of you.
STEVE EDWARDS is the author of the memoir Breaking Into the Back Country, the story of his seven months in solitude as the caretaker of a remote mountain homestead along the Rogue River in Oregon. His fiction has most recently appeared in AGNI Online, The Silk Road Review, and Bellingham Review. He is working on a new nonfiction book about his grandfather’s appearance on the cover of LIFE magazine in 1942.
997 **D-XI/14/1987. “On the Uses of the Federal Convention Mode of Constitutional Amendment.” Illinois Political Science Association Meeting, The University of Illinois, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item 1991(2), above, pp. 1053-60.)
I loved the results. It was super creamy with a slight hint of lime. I am already thinking of some new ideas for a slightly different concoction. I can't wait to try more variations and share them.
I tell all my Profs at MUN that if they want to be the cool prof they have to keep cartoons on their door for me to read while waiting for them.
Studios are getting better. We have some very talented engineers. I think we are missing some of the "retro" stuff. But my generation is making up for that and bringing it in.
(1) But Polycarp said, “Thou threatenest me with fire which burneth for an hour, and after a little is extinguished, but art ignorant of the fire of the coming judgment and of eternal punishment, reserved for the ungodly.
If you want to know more about the issue, here are some links:
Carla Mozee – MarketWatch, 04/09/2012
The difference, however, is that not only is she using UNA as a political strategy, but she is also complementing her candidacy with political stratagem.
With this perspective, I think that although an instinctive response to the prospect of rapid migration to digital delivery channels can be alarm, we should not forget that publishing and bookselling have always had a symbiotic relationship with technology. (I live in a village called “Caxton” – which is the English equivalent of living in a German village called “Gutenberg” – so I am reminded of this on a daily basis).
Quick Interview with Jeff
The second film, No Way Out was your typical revenge movie: guy wants out of mob, mob kills his family, and he takes revenge. An ending that caught me off guard, some off-the-wall death scenes, and a perpetual soundtrack of funk kept things interesting. Probably one of the more straightforward films of the night.
The two boys from Barcelona, Hector Bellerin and Jon Toral, have also enjoyed some promising moments. Bellerin has tended to operate more frequently as a right back, and some of his performances have indicated that the defensive side of his game still requires some fine-tuning, but he is steadily improving in that regard, whilst, in an attacking sense, his regular forays down the right flank have caused problems for opposition defences up and down the country. Toral, meanwhile, has not been seen of late after his season was ended prematurely by injury, but the cultured midfielder should be fully fit in time for pre-season and, during his appearances for the club thus far, has demonstrated his potential by being engaged in some neat passing moves.
(END VIDEOTAPE)
On the other hand, 3,000 Amtrak Guest Rewards points can always be redeemed for a one-way ticket on the Northeast Regional, regardless of the day, time, or distance traveled. So if you buy 7,500 points for $137.50 during this promotion (5,000+2,500), you could redeem your points for 2 Northeast Regional tickets between New York and DC this weekend, and save between $18.50 and $130.50 depending on which ticket you book; and you’d still have some points left over for your next trip. At $275 for 15,000 points (10,000+5,000), you can get 5 one-way tickets on the Northeast Regional, saving even more.
Candy Paints: $13.50
Goes into "Open" mode.
Martinete/Popular
(Secretly I let him win)
RODNEY (mishearing): It had?
Which translated means that I am painting the window trim and the entire bay window wall/ceiling area white! The window seat will also be painted white, and I will be making a new cushion cover. Over the weekend Mr. D washed all the woodwork down with a bleach mixture to eliminate any mildew. Next he sanded the trim, preparing it for the primer and paint that I'll be working on this week.
but to me it seems as if eternity will overcome
Anxiety
In the meantime, I started back at college for the 2nd part of my City & Guilds in september, and my theme this year began as 'Golden Wedding Veils'. However, as some of you may know, what you start out with changes over the time and process of working on the project and it has already changed to 'A women's life as a wife'. More to come on that, and when I've caught up with myself, I'll gen you up.
If I have a single gripe early on with The Fine Print of Self-Publishing—it comes in the introduction. By way of explaining the extraordinary explosion in the growth of self-publishing over the past few years, Levine indulges in the much quoted figures of R. R. Bowker from a report in 2010, and like many established industry analysts confuses ‘non traditional’ publishing with self-publishing.
On 2/23 I will use random.org to select a winner. Thanks for stopping by. Be sure to drop by again for more blog hops throughout the year!
Choice has played a significant role in helping some of the women to realise that they already have adopted elements of a portfolio lifestyle. Life experience mixed together with their unique passion, offers them not only choice to have flexibility and to do different things, but also they have chosen a mix to bring balance to their lives.
Even Satan glower'd, and fidged fu' fain,
(Phone rings)
Good writing should be clear, communicative, and easy to read. But you probably already know that's harder to do than it sounds! If you’ve read over a few pages of your manuscript and found nothing but a few typos and an overuse of passive voice, you’ve done a surprisingly good job.
so ja, after weeks, nay months, of flipping over where i should go, where where where, i've decided the mekong circle. was thinking, like, tanzania, mozambique, madagascar, botswana (fucking LOVE that place. for some reason.) but as much as i love the africa, i'm feeling that humid otherness of SE Asia calling calling calling me again...
Moving on, I finally downloaded some pictures from my camera. So here goes a kinda quick summery of the last few weeks.
Andrew Graves should not have heard the order. He had left his station briefly, just to check on his friend, and at the sound of the general's quiet voice, he turned on his heel and tiptoed back to his post, rushing to arrive before the fire started.
Go Cast your vote in the comments section now!
But I do plan to do a little leg-work this weekend and check some things out (other blogs, will try to do a best-of here, as well as a few shops & my top picks), as well as share with you the community's insights :)
A few moments with a gent's saw, chisel, and file, and the profiles matched up pretty well.
Most of you know I drive a boxy little car. I told him we could take my car and he could drive. He asked, “What kind of car do you drive?” With a devious smile I replied, “You’ll see”. Keep in mind the poor man is 6’1”. He was a good sport about folding his legs in four and pouring himself into the driver’s seat of my car. We drove aimlessly. I remember both of us singing along to the music, I remember grinning like I hadn’t grinned in a long time. I was relaxed enough with him to have my feet planted on the dashboard as he drove. I was completely comfortable with this man. We drove to the beach where I fully expected him to wait five minutes before making an attempt to get me out of my clothes. Again, I couldn’t have been more wrong.
The person who has been verbally abusive, is actually just a person who doesn’t like how they act. They don’t want to be that way and for some reason, he has shared that with me. Seeing him through this eye, it actually makes me realize his rants are nothing personal; he’s just hurting.
The trend in all probability is “throw the bums out, regardless of affiliation.”
The start of something great
However, I made the decision to play with the colour choices. Of course if someone had told me I'd never be able to put it back how it was, I'm not at all sure I'd have done what I did. Since I started this blog Blogger have changed their backgrounds/foregrounds/and any other ground they could find. I used to like that mine was a bit on the plain side, but that style is now long gone.
There was a bit of a personal connection for me, at least an indirect one, in that a friend of ours' brother used to work for Mr. Sendak, and did the design and production for the Sendak exhibit in San Francisco's Sony Metreon. We got to hear some firsthand stories about Mr. Sendak, who seemed like quite a character. May he continue to live on in his books.
So, what should we do in light of the SRM outcomes. Yes, we should push to amend the parts of the bill which threaten the ability of doctors to serve their patients well, but in accepting that we may not get our way (Mr Lansley is not known for giving in lightly) we must start to take a different, pro-active attitude to getting the NHS, our NHS, our patients NHS back on track. I believe that if we can concentrate on some of the steps above, we have a chance to make the best of a bad job.
More fit for the kingdom, More used would I be,
If you WERE a Christian, then Jesus is a liar. Jesus is not a liar. Therefore you were never a Christian. QED
This request is merely wishful thinking. Spoiled by PC gaming, I have gotten comfortable playing in 1080p, with 60 frames per second. Modern gaming consoles run at 720p, and rarely hit the 60fps mark. The Wii U may be able to change that. While achieving both may be a difficult task, graphical options can be placed to accommodate this. Players should be able to wager the visuals for smoother gameplay. Due to the nature of computer gaming, every PC game includes this feature. It’s time for consoles to catch up.
A case in point: Hashemi dedicated a couple of hours in his philosophy class to the topic of identity. The students played a game: Hashemi read a statement, and if students agreed with it, they stood up. “I like sports. I like rap music.”
My son asked me to name all of the Supreme Court Justices in the car this morning- now this was most definitely something I once knew.
Their conversation would stop short when Fudo and Crea send them a secret message. Here, both of them tell the ten, which also included Yunoha, Sazanka, Cayenne, and Sharde about a top secret mission that only they can do, receiving nothing else in terms of information other than a handmade guidebook most likely written by Crea. Having no other choice because such little information was given, the ten decided to take the task. That morning, the vectors would be autopiloted to the destination while their ship followed from behind. Andy claims that the thing that they were supposed to search for might be the legendary Aquarion from the stories, reminding Amata, Mikono, and Zessica about the vision they saw. If that is the case, then it could be that their fight in the future would be much more serious than one would have originally believed. Even so, Amata is still focused on fighting against his fate so he could be with Mikono.
especially in this competitive music industry.
Kathy nodded, slid in next to Hannah, and held her upright against her own shoulder. With Roy in the front seat, Mr. Bowen pulled out of the driveway.
indicating that said first character believes that attempting to perform said act is a futile endeavor; and
A while back we had an amazing opportunity for a "thank you" promotional photoshoot for DVF for Gap kids. If you haven't seen the collection - run! It came out a month ago, and it is absolutely gorgeous. My girls are in LOVE , they want everything. My absolute favorite pieces are the blazer , and also this one - I wish they came in adult sizes!
"If T.E. Lawrence had chosen to continue as a British officer in the Near East," says the dust jacket copy, "he would have been involved in this kind of adventure. For here, as only Talbot Mundy can tell it, is the exciting story of post war Palestine, with its race hatreds, its writhing mobs, and its political plots and counterplots."
Nicholas John, 42, New York, N.Y.
So wide and vast the end and start
It’s not that I can’t function in the winter, but that, like the flowers, I flourish in the spring and summer. When it’s cold out, my body collapses in on itself. When the weather turns warm again my shoulders pull back, my head is held higher, my chest opens and I can breathe.
Both the YES and NO sides are in full agreement over one thing:
But, when it comes to the putative joys of being alone, Lawrence cannot (needless to say) hold a candle to Philip Larkin. And thus, as is so often the case for me (which, I acknowledge, is surely a sign of some sort of malign pathology), I shall give the last word to Mr. Larkin (who, as always, is brutally honest, appalling, and, alas, correct -- after a fashion).
In the Kalahari Desert told the Bushmen
This is a tribute to the 1975 Topps set, the first set I ever collected, the best set I ever collected, and my most favorite set of all-time. I love the '75 set for its over-the-top color, its uniqueness, its ability to standout against all other sets. But mostly I love it because it's the first set I ever collected. Those were great times to be a 9-year-old boy.
Finally and most importantly, choose your accessories wisely. Bunny ears, angel wings, feather boas and princess tiaras are the essence of any hen party. Not only do they allow you one last chance to play dress up before making that trip up the aisle, they’re damn good fun too! Choosing to attach a plastic ‘member’ to my Tiffany key pendant was fun at the time, but two hours and a few cocktails later however, I soon forgot about my little friend. Let’s just say it attracted its fair share of attention.
Leaving No Stone Unturned: Tips and Tricks for Funding Your SRTS Program
Look, Wordpress to Blogger, 1 Right Sidebar, Adsense ready, Adsense ready, 3
My husband, daughter, and Andrea's fiance, Hunter accompanied us each time.
“Well, I probably could try to help Mrs. KT but it would be hard and it might take me a really long time, wouldn’t it?”
And the making of new traditions does not necessarily cancel out old ones. No way, no how. My children cling to tradition as if it were the rope thrown to them as they are drowning at sea. Especially Chloe. That child would wither and die if we didn't continue every tradition we have ever started. So there's no way in heck that she was going to let us forget our annual Valentine's breakfast! Or our books!
Because I know you are all super-interested in how Roachford is dealing with the move. Yes you are. You know you are. Don’t try to pretend that I’m one of those over-protective cat owners who forces the goings on in her cat’s life down people’s throats, because we’d all know that’d be a dirty lie. Started by the terrorists. The Muslim terrorists. (Can you tell I’m in the US??)
On the Bersih related paraphernalia, including the famous yellow colored T-shirts, Mohmad said people are entitled to wear what they want.
One must die at the post of duty.
they hold the key
Gregory Porter vocals
Sports & Outdoors Product Reviews Blog ICIU (sportinggoodsiciu.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
(9-26-10) Nothing screams Illuminati Bankster like the Federal Reserve. Controlled by the Rothschilds, and the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank is "The Crown's" way of plundering these United States for the purpose of establishing a One-World, Satanic Psychopathic, government.
Though these aren’t exactly cheap at $29.90 each, I love the cute packaging, the soft brush that comes with it, and the lovely lovely colour selection. Wish I could own them all!!!
Another reason to celebrate today is because it's my Moms' birthday. I sent her a card in which I told her how much I admire her for her stamina, her spunk and her willpower. She likes it when I doodle on her envelopes so I wrote on the front "86? - No Way". When I called her this morning she started laughing and said "Barbara, I hate to tell you but I'm 87". I guess last year was tougher than I thought!! She is 87 today. Which makes me even more in awe of her. She told me she was dressed in purple because purple is a sign of royalty! Yes, my Mom is conceited. It's all about her! But at 87 by God, she's entitled to it.
Coincidentally–the Circlemakers are great on synchronicity–the tight little formation appeared at Innage farm near Chepstow, a stone’s throw across the Severn Bridge from the Oldbury nuclear power plant which featured in a crop image last July and which (with less publicity) vented radioactive steam one month ago, frightening already anxious residents on both sides of the river. Public concern was quelled by nuclear authority spokesmen after locals were understandably alarmed at the announcement of new ‘works’ planned for the nuclear facility, despite the awful and uncontrollable meltdown continuing in Fukushima, Japan after last month’s earthquake and tsunami.
Historical Note
Let stand about 15 minutes to season. Place lettuce
8:00 – The Danvilles, No Lover, The Crash Moderns, WYLDLIFE @ Fontana’s $5 (21+)
Should I share my verse? If I show my scars and vulnerabilities, I increase my vulnerability; and if I do not, I die, slowly. Or, this is a process of coming to terms with my own scars and vulnerabilities: to be effectual, the acceptance has to come from me- and revealing them helps.
Ma se vivo costantissimo
Nietzsche doesn’t deny that men are vain and deceptive (much of his life’s work attests to that), but he apparently sees a dramatic difference in the way the two sexes express their individual vanity and deceptive qualities. This difference can be put very simply: men—according to Nietzsche—seek to deceive themselves first, and external factors only by extension of wanting to maintain this first self-deception; whereas women seek to deceive solely the external world about their persons, thereby having no need to engage in the same sort of initial self-deception men are foolish enough to fall prey to. Hence, why in the quote above Nietzsche states that man projects his ideal of woman as peaceful, and then goes on to construct societal norms to uphold the illusion that this is her natural state. The issue that many readers will notice is the last line of the quote, in which Nietzsche implies that women allow men to continue believing this lie by virtue of having “trained” themselves to appear more docile than they really are. Yet, if men are making the external world fit their ideal of women as peaceful, in what sense can it be said that it is women themselves who have taken on this deceptive characteristic?—Doesn’t it follow more readily to say that (for those who grant the validity of the premise) this falsity has been imposed on womanhood, rather than concocted by it?
What the whole journey has taught me is best summed up by a quote from Ronald Reagan, when I saw him campaign for President back in 1976. When asked about how government was going to solve a particular social problem Mr. Reagan shot back, “Government is not here to solve your problems…..government IS the problem.” I thought I knew what he meant when I heard him say it, but looking back now, I know what he was really talking about.
Where did you get your writing knowledge from? Courses, books, blogs...? Or are you lucky enough to have been born with that knowledge.
Whenever using some type of printer, besides replacing the nec multisync 1980sx it will short the nec multisync xv29, you must check the nec multisync a700 manual of each handset, you would notice a certain pattern. That pattern is noticeable from to start to end- these handsets are not covered by the nec multisync a700 manual. Outside the nec multisync a700 manual to worry about getting a mega-system with 500 buttons that you might argue that this is an excellent customer service experience.
This drive to return reminds me of the evil enchantment from a fairy tale, where the girl is allowed to be human for a few hours, but then she’s turned back into a raven or a swan. In her great memoir Girls Like Us, Rachel Lloyd notes that the conditions of prostitution meet every criteria on the Biderman scale, a tool created by Amnesty International to explain the torture and brainwashing of political prisoners. The four factors that cause Stockholm Syndrome are almost always present in prostitution. These factors:
Sushi & Grill
As of this week, I am now committed to Internal Medicine as a career. Internal medicine is a branch of medicine dealing just with adult medicine. I will be applying to a residency position at a university hospital, where I will train to teach future medical students! I keep a journal of my experiences, so I'd love to one day write a book about them. I'd also love to do medical correspondence work for the media.
Random question that I was thinking of earlier: What is the difference between a cult and a religion? Jehovah’s Witnesses are considered a “cult” – as is Mormonism (I am reading through the book of Mormon)- but Islam is considered a “religion”. Why? What’s the difference? I saw a class offered at CSUS which is about cults. And it just made me wonder, what is a cult anyway? “Define cult,” is what I feel like saying every time I hear that word.
Eight years ago today, Traci moved into my house and into my life. She had been seeking an apartment, and ended up finding a man. We met first at a dance in February, where she made a friend of my then-eight year old son and paid very little attention to me. Later, when she was contemplating moving into the ground floor apartment in my house, we arranged to meet at a coffee shop downtown. That came to be known, in our collective memory, as our first date, though at the time we just thought of it as an interview. She wanted to make sure that I would be all right to share a house with. She based her decision, she later said, on my clean fingernails and her ability to take me in a fight – a conclusion that, thankfully, she never had to put to the test.
Put it away immediately
Salt – ¼ teaspoon
If I had to pick a favorite on ‘Carved Into Stone’, it would be the uptempo Thrash riff monster that is ‘List Of Grievances’, as it fits my taste perfectly, but there’s a lot more to enjoy here. ‘Eternal Heat’ is possibly Prong’s best opening track yet and should appeal to any Metalhead, while ‘Revenge…Best Served Cold’ benefits from its inescapable catchiness and has therefore logically been selected as the album’s single. ‘Ammunition’ was already familiar to me due to its inclusion on co-writers Channel Zero’s ‘Feed ‘Em With A Brick’ and also kicks ass here, although I think Franky De Smet-van Damme’s vocals fit this song slightly better. ‘Reinvestigate’ is a perfect closer in the sense that it leaves the listener hungry to put the album back on and ‘Carved Into Stone’ is the monumental title track this album begs for, the one that brings everything together.
This week, we've got a challenge that is sure to tickle your funny bone...
(They will say: "How his hair is growing thin!")
Here's the problem. ISS and Space and Flight Operations are up $300 million over 2012, which was anticipated in previous budgets. The essentially complete station takes more money to run, our logistic flights will be carried under the ISS budget rather than the Space Shuttle's, and aging communication systems need to be replaced. James Webb Space Telescope has been suffering serious overruns and is up over $100 million over 2012.
1. Repetition Drilling
Andie Fox blogs at bluemilk.wordpress.com.
For long we have equated chauvinism with males. After all, we all have been living in a male dominated, patriarchal society for ages. So, male chauvinists were bound to exist in plenty especially since we found women facing obstacles every time they made an attempt to advance in life or tried out something that was slated to be male domain. So, men with conservative views about what women should be or do abounded in plenty. But, are all women the same miserable tortured lot even today? The women, who have waged and won many of their wars with society for equality and rights, do some if not all, stand innocent when it comes to making use of their freedom? Are not some women victimizing the very men they accused of being chauvinists?
Wow! Where did the time go? We just said goodbye to my parents who came down to spend Thanksgiving with us. We had a blast. Dad and I went to the flea market this morning (didn't get much, except for a picture frame and this cool old stove thingie). I don't know what it is actually, except my Dad said it's from an old coal stove. Does anyone know what it is?
"I mean this in the broadest metaphysical sense and the narrowest practical way. Think of any leftish ideology and at its core you will find a faith that circles can be closed, conflicts resolved. Marxism held that in a truly socialist society, contradictions would be destroyed. Freudianism led the Left to the idea that the conflicts between the inner and outer self were the cause of unnecessary repressions. Dewey believed that society could be made whole if we jettisoned dogma and embraced a natural, organic understanding of the society where everyone worked together.... Liberals and leftists are constantly denouncing "false choices" of one kind or another. In our debate, Jonathan Chait kept hinting, hoping, and haranguing that - one day - we could have a socialized healthcare system without any tradeoffs of any kind. Environmentalists loathe the introduction of free-market principles into the policy-making debate because, as Steven Landsburg puts it, economics is the science of competing preferences. Pursuing some good things might cost us other good things. But environmentalists reject the very idea. They believe that all good things can go together and that anything suggesting otherwise is a false choice....
What if we spin it a different way and say that Old Man Jenkins has always been a vegan, even before being a vegan was cool.. and he has a knack for experimental biology and cross-pollination.. and he is dedicated to creating an edible grass that can be grown in arid locations but that will provide the same nutritional benefit as a steak dinner.. it's so revolutionary that Countries in Africa can feed an entire city with no more space required than the size of a soccer field, something that already exists in Africa in abundance. HOWEVER, his "meat-grass" has been found out by the FDA and the Cattlemen's Beef Association, and they'll stop at nothing to keep him from successfully harvesting his grass, even sending in spies who look like children to stamp out his crop. So here is Old Man Jenkins, with the dietary health of the world on his shoulders, trying to stop an army of evil super spy-kids from stomping out the discovery of the century.
Nobody would blame Chelsi if her approach to life was with lowered expectations. But if she had viewed life that way, she wouldn’t have accomplished much. The resolve she shows in the weight room is matched only by the tremendous faith from which it is derived. By taking Jesus seriously about his life to the fullest extent promise, she has achieved incredible things. And, she’s not done. Her new goal is making the 2012 United States Paralympic team.
Woooo Hooo....I ACTUALLY designed this one all by myself using a sketch offered on SUDSOL and a challenge offered on LateNightStampers Yahoo Group!!! It uses alot of items from the new Occassions Mini and Whimsical Words Stamp Set from the Sale-A-Bration Mini I LOVE this sentiment set and the one from the Occasion mini the font is amazing!!
14. Shall We Dance
And then another article:
Don't blog...consider leaving a comment to share what you do
Mother’s Day is May 13. Venus turns retrograde on May 15 and stays that way until June 27.
These aren't your mama's bridal shower cookies but they sure got a lot of laughs and attention!
“Not a shred of truth”?
The rack won’t be coming with me on ACT this year as I’ve committed to being exclusive with Banjo Brothers bags on my bike. My current configuration is one of their barrel bags and the top tube bag. I may use a seat bag as well to stuff my rain jacket in or transfer my patch kit/levers/tube into and then put my jacket in the barrel bag. I’m not sure yet. Once I do some long training rides I’ll figure out what will work best.
thanks for the recent depression
I look to my friend for support. Farrah is sitting back with an implant in each hand like she is working two stress balls. She leans back in her chair and accesses the mountains on my chest. She suggests going bigger. Very helpful.
Depending on how most people feel about recaps, sometimes they can be a helpful refresher of what happened in the series thus far or it can be an irritating break from the main story when all you want to do is keep watching until the end.
I was having an interesting conversation with a friend last night about home energy consumption. He pointed out–insightfully–that people would likely control their power use at home more strictly if they had a better tool for management.
And, sure enough, the very next day,
Great Lakes Brewing Company
And now, Israel, what does the LORD your God require of you, but to fear the LORD your God, to walk in all His ways and to love Him, to serve the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul.
Think about your local hero, the firefighter or other first responder. If you happen to be unfortunate to wind up in a fire or some other kind of tragedy, how do you want your first responder to, well, respond? Notice the name isn’t first reactor! If it’s me, I want that first responder to show up, assess the situation, and pick from the best available choices given the circumstances. I certainly don’t want my responder to go into some kind of emotional reactionary state instead and waste time blaming whatever or whomever started the situation in the first place. There’s plenty of time for blame and complain later, as if blame were ever going to correct the situation — after all, as I have written many times in the past, blaming and complaining won’t get you to where you’re going, but it will give you a great set of excuses for being stuck where you are.
I don't mean to sound like I have it all figured out or that I'm 100% confident about this. I'm not. I still wonder about how far to go with it, if I will always know whether she just needs to cry, and so on. I also know that this is just one piece of the puzzle. But I feel it's the piece I've been reaching out for.
And if you just can't play along, you can still enjoy ALL ALICE ON SALE at Alpha Stamps, now until May 26, 2012. So get going and let's see where you go with this fabulous Alpha Stamps challenge!
only had two passes – one for yourself and
probably took doctors years to perfect and patent it
Continue until all 13 are attached.
Let's say that the option for "Other" isn't available - which it sometimes isn't. And I can only pick ONE -"White" or "Asian". What is the best selection for me, just based on appearance. Let's all put our stereotyping hats on for this exercise, ok?
What else is there to say except:
"Abby." He breathed out her name as if in worship and nipped at her ear lobe as he attempted to pull her back to him.
We didn't get the memo when practices started, and the first call we had was to tell us that practice was cancelled due to the snow. After that we were on vacation - and I let them know that so they didn't think we were bailing altogether. I got a schedule of games when we got back, and found out that we already missed 2 games. No worries, though, there was a game this past weekend and we were home!
My new school is terrific, but it is just starting to work with so much data. Many of the teachers here aren't excited about taking data or don't really know how to use it. It is nice to have less testing, but I've grown accustomed to the knowledge that comes with so much data, so I try to fit in what I can.
grunting - a perjorative term used by people wanting to 'put down' (usually) teenage boys and the way they thought to speak ie 'teenspeak'
Rip Off
So I was examined, blood was taken, and we had a useless quickie ultrasound to check the babies heart beat (which was already found by the nurse with a Doppler-- oh yes, and since I can feel baby moving I knew baby was alive anyway). I was not having contractions. The bleeding had pretty much stopped by the time the Doctor took a look. He scoffed at me having a Midwife, which I was mentally prepared for, but really it did irritate me. He even went so far as to tell me that my Reproductive OB would be -- in his own words -- "offended that you chose to use a lay midwife after he let you go from his care." Ugh. Whatever. Obviously if I need a higher level of care for this pregnancy than a midwife can provide I'll have a regular Ob/Gyn. But that has yet to be determined.
Would be OK
Attendees must be 21 years of age or older.
The survey released to The Associated Press found 56 percent of the charity’s youth programs – including camps, preschools, daycare and after-school programs – are operating at or beyond their capacity.
She said: “Even in 1999 there was masses of information on different types of reusable nappies, to the point where I felt as if I had information overload. There were so many different types of nappy and covers that I didn’t know which would be better. In the end, I went with my gut instinct (Bambino Mio).”
(Those McDonald’s wrappers are there to show the kids what kind of food other people have. They wouldn’t know what it tastes like. Hey! Look down there! More pictures!)
Blackjacks, grass, berries, wild figs, rats, roots and seeds meant for planting have become the staple diet of hundreds of thousands of Zimbabweans, according to refugees fleeing the hunger.
The Opera Garnier, which is also known as the Paris Opera House, is one of the most thrilling interiors you can see in this city. Astonishingly opulent, it will make you giddy with delight. Personally, I love a bit of Beaux Arts, but that's not just why I like to visit. No. I love it because it's built over a subterranean lake. I love that it has a 7-ton bronze and crystal chandelier (so heavy that one just one of its parts fell, it killed an audience member below). I love it that when it was built it became one of the most inspirational architectural prototypes for the following thirty years. And I love it that it was the setting for Phantom of the Opera. If you haven't see it yet, do pay a visit. You'll be similarly enthralled.
The other side of the board saw a slow advance from Hark and his army the Kodiak managed to get into combat with Black Ivan and did a large amount of damage but was unable to damage either of Ivan’s arms. The game played with each side trading blows, it was not until Digby’s Kodiak was knocked over that Hark managed to charge in and do a lot of damage, and luckily he was able to get a critical that prevented the Kodiak venting steam the following turn.
1-2 tbsp greek yogurt (or crème fraiche)
and was written in order to explain how Narnia was created, and primarily how the famous lamppost came to be there. Whenever I write about a book that I’ve always loved I tend to assume that everybody else in the world has read it too. Most of the people I know in real life have read the Narnia books, but I’m sure that there will be somebody reading this who hasn’t managed to get around to it yet. If you haven’t read them, all I can say is that you really, really should.
“The call centre number is 02 401 1111.”
We are not master brewers ( you probably guessed that much ) and we don’t work in the
I look rough, my arms and hands are cut from brambles and flying stones,
Friends’ facebook updates and J.P.’s texts kept me going, along with a steady stream of music from grooveshark…though I think I am going to have to hire a cook or something because I didn’t end up eating anything until nearly 8:00 this evening.
Then went around town – souvenirs, weird salmon-flavored chocolate, photos with Sarah Palin, visit to REI, firewater. Basically, we just got on the road at around 11AM.
Long, concentrated and intensely flavored, the finish is stunning and epically long, possibly the longest finish I have ever experienced – 96/100 points.
If, like me, you’ve ever said you can eat chocolate every meal of every day, then this recipe for a Spicy Beef and Chocolate Casserole is something you’ll want to try. Yes, you read that right-- beef and chocolate cooked together! I know it sounds a crazy idea, but it works, as it has done for centuries in Mexico, where chicken or turkey are also cooked with chocolate, to produce “Mole” a traditional dish.
Refrigerate up to 4 days. Thin 1 teaspoon of oatmeal with 2 teaspoons of breastmilk or formula to serve. You can increase the oatmeal and decrease the milk or formula as your baby grows.... but this is where we are now =)
Mal
"Very good Professor..." and with placatory smiles, we edged back towards the door.
We see there are other problems of sin within the congregation as well, “strife and divisions”, arguing and debating over who is the best preacher, and probably other things. Too many times in today’s society Christians “wear their feelings on their sleeves”, are easily puffed up, easily knocked down, and easily offended. That is the height of immaturity.
Iron Barley (5510 Virginia Ave) I don’t think it’s any stretch to say that Iron Barley has not only one of the most unusual menus in town, but also the most unusual decor and locations. But, being off the beaten path has allowed them to put together a great selection of beer and one of the best places in town for a meal.
Other snippets that slipped through the G20 without most people noticing included ‘Greece’s debts will be reduced by roughly a third’. Ah-haaa….so then, the bankers didn’t deliver 50% after all. (33% off the Greek debt load is nowhere near enough).
“It was a 5-reel film and we inadvertently screened Reel 5 in place of Reel 3 and nobody noticed.
But recycling is just a fragment of the hotel’s green operations to protect our land, air, and water resources. The hotel also initiates environmentally friendly policies by purchasing less hazardous chemicals for its laundry, dish washing, and housekeeping departments. In addition, they have added energy efficient lighting and motion sensor timers in meeting rooms; installed water conserving toilet fixtures throughout the hotel; and they offer a towel & linen conservation reuse program to guests who stay multiple nights.
To wrap up this fairy-tale-come-true for me, and to keep to the theme of this month with my quarterly Challenge of Literature (there are 34 really talented people playing with me to reveal their literature inspired creations on a blog hop on May 31st!), I thought I should do something a bit fun.
Starting the day with a great, relaxing meal (Eggs and champagne) and the best people watching in South Florida is always a nice way to ease into the show. We arrived right on schedule and passed through the front doors just after noon. This was going to be a gigantic show and the only way to take it all in was to not spend too much time at each item. In shows past, I was hassled at the door because my phone had photo taking abilities. This year, everyone had a camera of every conceivable configuration and were snapping away like crazy. I only had my phone so sorry for the photos.
And, indeed, people are fooled. And, to the extent that readers are not fooled (and reading just a few paragraphs of these books, if you do read them, ought to raise questions), the form of the book itself is undermined. Books lose value and meaning. Real readers come to understand there are fewer and fewer real books.
Each time this body swelled with newborn goodness it changed forever. I bare tell tale signs of motherhood and have incisions that will never welcome a 6 pack again.
The protesters tented village butts right up to the steps. It looks very medieval, haggered canvas against the brilliant white stone.
Interpretation by the Supreme People's Court of Several Issues Relating to Application of Law to Trial of Cases of Dispute over Copyright on Computer Network
The 40-year-old, from nearby Witney, Oxfordshire, added: “It wasn’t particularly big but it was amazing to see the change in the environment. It was grey and a bit blurry and then to be hit by something like that. You suddenly realise the force of nature, it’s incredible.”
Chapter III
My many selves run ahead of me into their own thoughts, into yesterday and tomorrow, leaping recumbent tree trunks and little ravines carved out by rain. From time to time I gather them back and we walk together in the present moment, in presence.
Have a wonderful day, all!
Enter my Holiday One Hundred list that I typed six weeks ago at the start of my summer holidays, and item number 64: print scriptures and frame. Matthew and I were inspired a few years ago when we visited Canberra to use words as decor in our home, with one idea being to print texts of historic documents that speak to us and our interests/history. I'd always had a copy of the United States Declaration of Independence in a frame in my room growing up, a nod to the land of my birth. So Matt and I tossed up documents and texts that moved us - the Magna Carta, Churchill's wartime speech/es, Martin Luther King's I Have a Dream speech, Kevin Rudd's Sorry speech, the Gettysburg Address. And maybe the president in Independence Day's speech, or Hugh Grant's Love Actually speech. No, perhaps not...
There are about 50+ finished tie dye sitting in my coat closet, but there's no room left for more- there just has to be a place to put more of these things! Lucky for me, my craft room closet should be able to hold a few, because I plan to do a bunch more while I have the time away from school.
She posits that although burlesque has become tremendously popular in mainstream culture and acceptable as a form of entertainment appealing to couples/bachelorettes/bachelor parties going to a strip club has not caught up with the times. The stigma and societal disapproval of going to strip clubs remain strong as ever whereas burlesque, hell, there's even a Hollywood movie made about it. I personally have found that in the last couple of years, EVERY restaurant and bar wants burlesque on New Year's Eve or other major holidays. The writer argues that there are two crucial differences that make burlesque acceptable and stripping not. She writes:
The call is on now to our fellow business owners to submit their information to the guide, and make it as robust and powerful as possible. It is time to give our visitors one place for information, and grow our summer business.
Don't forget to date the keepsake book and have them write their name!
The King drives a bus at the beach.
Consider the Isaiah’s oracle against Babylon…
But you’d never know it. Because in this kind of writing, the writer is for all intents and purposes, invisible. My name is well below the radar and I betray almost zero of my self, my sensibility, or my psyche in my work.
“It is curious how people take it for granted that they have a right to preach at you and pray over you as soon as your income falls below a certain level.”
all in all, it wasn't pretty - but it was fun. as usual, i swore it would be my last sybil - especially since dodging traffic seemed unusually fierce this time around. but i wouldn't be surprised to be there again next year :D
Looks like THIS intersection has the potential to become the NEXT Anthony & McKinnie (and we all know the levels of crime that's gone on THERE in years past, right?). The crash snapped a utility pole and took down several wires (someone had some momentum built up),
“I am a ghost, tap-dancing for attention.”
Metallic tables are also in vogue these days as it looks spectacular in a modern home. Matching chairs with these tables are also vital to complete the décor of your room.
To apply, please mail or email your resume and cover letter to:
Hi there! This week at Flying Unicorn we are playing with the 7 Dots line.I am excited to show you my creation made with the fabulous 7 Dots Wonderland papers and embellishments. I love the saturated colors and designs-each paper has a lighter version on the opposite side to add to the versatality. I added Ranger glossy and crackle and lots of distress inks to highlight the textures in the paper. I traced the dove and cut it from the leftover paper and attached it with foam dots. I used Maggi's cool sketch-thanks,Maggi! The striking photo was taken by my young photographer friend, Heidi Shartrand and is available through "Nothing Fades Photography" on Facebook. She is extremely talented! The lyrics are from Jeremy Camp's song,"There Will Be A Day".
Not much left in this section of the garden. I still have to "doo" and mulch the empty beds, and mulch the raspberries and cut down the sunflowers.
When does one know the timing is right?
It is clicking again, more painful and starting to affect my every day life. My walk has changed again because I’m dropping my hip when I walk unless I concentrate onthat and nothing else. When you have a toddler, it is not possible to only concentrate on your walk!
I’m absolutely going to be talking more about FIV and I’ll be using this blog to share more information with you about Feline Immuniodeficiency Virus. It’s high time we clear up any misunderstandings about FIV. But for now, I can say that the only impact it had when I arrived at IndyHumane was that I lived with a small community of other FIV felines in a free-roaming cat room at the shelter. It’s a pretty sweet set up. The FIV room has big windows with bird feeders hung just outside our windows where we can watch people and dogs and birds come and go from the shelter. We have warm beds, soft blankets, friendly visitors, toys, good food and maid service – what’s not to like? Compared to life before IndyHumane this was everything I could ask for. Believe me, I feel very lucky to have lived with that great group of cats in such a wonderful place.
Also in “Puppy Love”
Both are about to find that while High School never dies…sometimes you just need a fresh perspective to find love…
Edited by Amy Lee Bell, Photography by Pete Rodman, Forward by Bill Owens
When you're married to someone whose Twitter handle is @Dermdoc, lying on the beach isn't in your future. Consider this: Last summer when our local Target ran out of sunscreen, they called us.
01. Beneath The Stairs
A plant slowly being killed by the innocent little ice crystals covering it. "To every thing there is a season." There is "a time to be born and a time to die... The LORD hath made everything beautiful in His time." (Ecc. 3:1-2, 11) The verdant center of this leaf will give way to ochre and vermilion, then its flaming glory will fade, and finally it will wither. But, praise God, we are "born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever." (I Pet 1:23)
After the hike I jumped back in the car and continued through the park, stopping here and there at the many roadside attractions, including Balanced Rock and The Windows. Despite the potentially photogenic landscape features, the sun remained obscured behind mostly cloudy skies. “Damn you, Sun!” I cursed. I was becoming disenchanted by its refusal to provide me with the great photo ops I had come here for.
Based on the “McKenna” stories by: Mary Casanova
Morning peeps hope you are all well, my cold has just started to go to my chest so I'm coughing and spluttering, always happens when we are rushed and busy at work, talking of which I have got to go in to work today so I'd better get my skates on.....lol.
being right on paper..
Recommended for fans of heartwarming family dramas, particularly those that explore the relationship between fathers and daughters.
the cut opened
She's got this incredible blog that contains phenomenal recipes, her incredible photography, posts about her garden, her ranch, and even a section about her homeschooling.
Now that Christmas is only a few days away and there is no possible way I could expect to get any of these for Christmas (unless Santa listens to old folk) I will post my gift guide!
This type of symbiotic corporate/government structure is prevalent in all industries and walks of like, not just computers. The same conglomerations often own the alternatives to anything you buy. For instance, while we think we are being somehow different or cool by listening to an “alternative music” station, we are just being manipulated by some very clever marketing. You see, the same corporation that owns that “Alternative” station also owns most of the other stations that your chosen favorite alternative station competes against, as well as the record company that produced it. It even puts down on-air those other stations it owns because that will make some listeners chose to listen to this particular media corporations’ other channels or stations. When we hear a song on a mainstream yet “alternative” radio station (remember all mainstream media is collectively owned by government, and mainstream is 99% of the media that you can effortlessly receive though the corporate governments F.C.C. airwaves), we are told who sings it, and then we go buy the album at one of the many conglomerate department stores or seemingly local chain stores (with corporately owned central hubs), all the while thinking we are being somehow unique from the rest of the crowd. This is marketing. And you and I are continuously falling victim to it and the distraction it causes. The media keeps us “masterfully entertained”, as Walter likes to say.
this radiance scorching the firmament &
*Your child will create his or her own personalized avatar that will journey to a tropical island full of animated animal professors.
Source: Ever After PR
If it weren't for Georgia's stubborn dedication to Pretty Bird Woman House, which meant doing a lot of work with crazy Netroots bloggers like me, the shelter would not exist right now. Seriously.
When talking about his fantastic film Koyaanisqatsi: Life out of Balance, Glass states that it is arts lack of meaning that gives it its power:
Senators Push for Reversal of Policy on Condolence Letters
My name is Stacie and I am a mother of two beautiful girls named Olivia (age 11) and Bridget (age 5). I live in Nova Scotia, Canada with my boyfriend, John. We moved here from Ontario back in July 2009.
For the break that will make it ok
By a consciousness of conscience
You laugh until you cry,
Then benefits of small town Jewish life shined as 1978 classmates Lisa Grossman and Don Bloch come now as a unit, Mr. and Mrs. Bloch and the new Rabbi, Rabbi Goldfarb is cousins with one of our Temple Emanu-El congregants. Jewish Geography at its best.
It all goes a bit 'radio rental' in May when Camra chairman, Colin Valentine, in a keynote speech at the organisation's AGM, has a pop at the beer 'bloggerati' for having the cheek and temerity of talking up beer and encouraging others to try something new and different.
into my Facebook status.
In announcing his candidacy, Obama said that, in those neighborhoods, he had “received the best education I ever had” and “learned the true meaning of my Christian faith.”
It also goes both ways with beauty. You’re either wearing too much or too little makeup. You’re curvy, but you need to wear Spanx to make your clothing fit “right.” You’re pretty, but your butt or boobs aren’t big enough, or they’re too big, so they get airbrushed accordingly. It’s all so confusing, vain, and, really, pretty twisted.
Since 2011, she has performed cleanup duty at the county morgue and has attended regular psychotherapy sessions. Judge Stephanie Sautner told Lohan that she would end her probation upon completion of community service. Lohan has apparently completed her requirements.
Kin is simply hell on earth for those of us for whom a morning coffee
If you are interested in participating in one of the demonstrations please drop an email to the distance learning service: dls@cf.ac.uk
By this time in my cloth diaper journey I've tried a few detergents on Jace's dipes. Though most of them smell wonderful right out of the bag and in the wash, the scent disappears as soon as the clothes come out of the dryer. Boo. A Happy Green Life has stumbled upon something amazing...a formulation of great smelling fragrance oils (not perfumes, there's a difference in the chemicals!) that are not only nice for your own clothes but are cloth diaper-safe, too! They use natural essential oils and synthetic fragrance oils and come up with creative, funky names like "Bite Me," "Doodle Bug," and "Monkey Farts" to add a little pizazz to an otherwise mundane chore.
*Please note that i have done 2 magic tactics in regards to our lores, please read them for a more in depth look*
The students who repaired that once-totaled vehicle will be donating it to him so he can use it in his service to the Easter Seals, providing transportation for other people with disabilities.
* Let cool in the ring.
2. I can pray with intensity – there is nothing like desperate circumstances to get you on your knees with a sense of urgency. I cried, I pounded my fist in anger, and I pleaded with God to heal her and keep her from harm. I never knew that I could pray so vigorously.
“I won’t be able to help you if you don’t tell me,” I replied, suppressing a yawn.
The majority of cotton is grown with toxic chemicals. Conventional cotton requires the use of enormous amounts of pesticides - 25% of all insecticides and 10% of all pesticides - which have a huge environmental impact. It is one of the most environmentally damaging crops to grow, as about 84 million pounds of pesticides are sprayed on US cotton crops alone in one year. Some of these chemicals are considered to be the most toxic chemicals in the world. Organic cotton is grown using methods and materials that have a low impact on the environment and is grown without the use of toxic pesticides and synthetic fertilizers.
Mocha Latte Reads and Stuck in Books are both offering tour-wide giveaways. You get an entry every time you comment on someone's tour post. If you leave a comment for Kate and Jennifer on my interview post, or on today's review, you'll receive an extra entry!
We saw a solitary Galápagos Flamingo feeding on the far end of a saltwater lagoon when we joined Javier for brief walk. It is believed that the flamingo migrated from the Carribean and then evolved into an endemic subspecies here.
Neely and I have been going through dry stage. It's really nothing new for us, most of our marriage has been extremely challenging for both of us, but lately it has seemed especially strong and in our face. I'm sure many of you have your own struggles within your marriage. Marriage is somewhat set up to be difficult. You take two completely different people who grew up with two different backgrounds (in many cases) and you put them under the same roof and hope for the best. It sounds a lot like reality TV!
I have nourish’d the wounded and sooth’d many a dying soldier,
Last week, the fashionable femme behind Exquisitus Fashion gave us the skinny on classic film inspiration, how wallet shapes wardrobe and what defines our unique New York style. This week she’s breaking down big thrift mistakes, Zooey Deschanel admiration, and her joyful obsession with Goodwill hunting.
I just wanted to thank everyone who participated in the Birthday Blog Hop! I love doing blog hops because I get to meet new people and gain lots of creative inspiration. Even though I don't reply to comments (since I can't reply to all, I don't reply to any), I promise I read and cherish every one. I hope you guys find some kind of inspiration from my blog, and if you ever have any suggestions please let me know.
one kind doctor described you as "Tired" and "Needing A rest".......
I love the way you are
Let me impress, once more, that my quarrel is not with mass culture but with a certain way of characterizing and defending it.
You may remember the list from a blog entry I made here in the Ice Cream Diaries a year or two ago. Someone had forwarded me an email going around of life tips from 90 year old writer Regina Brett. I found it on-line HERE. Never one to back down from a metaphysical challenge, I put together my own list of 'Things I've Learned about Life'. My list includes 53, not to try to outdo Regina, but, in true ice cream dorkiness, to match the number of flavors we have going at any given time at the shop. My list of life observations is included at the end of the Easthampton matte-finish photo tour.
Because 3.7% of the healthy test population tested positive for XMRV, the researchers estimate several million otherwise healthy people in the United States could be infected with it.ABC News.
but every time she comes home to us I have happiness in my heart.
And, just as I'm typing this, the sky darkens and a cool breeze gusts through the city with a welcome swoosh of lovely, cool rain. It's a precursor to the real thing and will be called 'just a pre-monsoon shower' by the papers tomorrow, but oh what a wonderful gift for a city that has been seething and simmering in Summer's cauldron for so long now!
As a professional development facilitator and speaker, I coach my clients on how to improve their speaking skills. Lots of educational gems can be found all around us -- on TV or on the internet.
where acoustic textures (mandolo, whilstes, valiha) rub
Had the U.S. regulators NOT exempted BP drilling in the GoM from a detailed environmental impact analysis, the deadly explosion and ensuing oil spill disaster might have been averted.
to your core
He is right about the Stalinist part of whitewashing history, but the only ones I see wanting to do that is the ANC. I and most White South Africans are proud of our history and we have nothing to be ashamed of. Proffie De Vos should not include us in his self loathing guilt trips.
2 cheltenham
Okay, let's get back to QuickBooks and it's giant FAIL! On the next screen, "Confirm your 1099 entries," I get a total of TWO individuals that should get 1099s, but the total of what they were paid is zero. But if I run a "Detail Report," I get a couple of dozen vendors due 1099s and a total of what they were paid in the six figures. Oops!
and now we have something called the Competitive Balance Lottery. Basically, it's a lottery for teams to get extra picks in the draft, so that the "poorer teams" can compete with the Yankees and Red Sox.
I stayed in Belgium for nearly two months that time. With Evelyne's amazing circle of friends, who became my friends, we went ice-skating, we drank gluhwein at Christmas markets, we drove to France for Christmas Day, we spent New Years sitting up all night eating a 9 course dinner and exchanging gifts, we stayed in holiday chalets in the mountainous Belgian countryside (the Ardennes) and we celebrated my birthday with a party that remains my best ever birthday. All through this, Hans was there. Sometimes with his girlfriend, but most often not. It was horrible. We were in love. I knew it. He knew it. He wanted to be with me. You could see the blue sparks of electricity between us. If our eyes met, my heart skipped a beat. All that cliched mushy stuff. But we did nothing. An accidental brush of the hand. A drunken sitting on the couch with my legs over the top of his lap. That was all. And a staring contest, in the sauna. Eye to eye. No touching. Truly. He is THE most loyal and honourable and trustworthy man you could hope for. He couldn't break up with his girl because she was doing her Law exams, and he didn't want to screw that up for her. I just had to understand. Which I did. But it didn't make things any easier.
2. Heath Ledger performing a magic trick
seems to be daily.... there are truly the days when I cannot find my desk.. let
48 hours before you plan to roast it (or 24 if you're pressed for time like I was) remove the giblets and any twine or wire on the turkey and rinse and dry it well with paper towels. Put your salt in a dish and start by generously rubbing a few tablespoons on the inside. Slide your fingers underneath the breast skin and rub the salt up underneath the skin as far as your fingers will go. Flip the bird around and slip your fingers under the other side and rub salt under the skin. Pat salt on the outside of the breast.
Friday’s Movie Trivia of the day!‘How much movie trivia can you answer?What movie is this quote from???
So, why is it that this post sounds so melancholic, almost somber like. Well, it is because the 65 year old owner, Koh Hong Chua, will retire after next week and will end the business for good.
Aquamarine is a traditional protective and lucky stone for fishermen. In addition, it has been carved into cups and goblets because of the belief that it aids digestion and reduces body fluids. Aquamarine is associated with Mermaids (Sea Goddesses).
1.We must avoid malice. This is when we start thinking hateful thoughts against other people, often after they have sinned against us. But we must never hate another person just because they are sinners. We are the worst sinners ourselves. Rather, we need to pray that they will repent with open hearts that really want what’s best for them. Fight back against all malicious thoughts in your own mind, and never allow your body to be used for a malicious action or say a malicious word.
Do you live in a State in the US that has already had a primary or caucus? Did you turn on your television in the weeks leading up to election day? No doubt you were bombarded with political ads - mostly negative. These are the most visible results of the Citizens United decision from 2010 - seemingly endless campaign ads run by "independent" groups. Less visible are the effects the decision is having on the shape, culture, expectations, and capacities of the nonprofit sector as a whole. That's where we'll pick up the story.
The type of house I'm most attracted to personally, is a smaller home. Who doesn't love a charming little cottage? Or a studio apartment in New York City? Our house right now is only about 1200 square feet.
NOTE: And I will establish my covenant between me and thee and thy seed after thee in their generations for an everlasting covenant, to be a God unto thee, and to thy seed after thee. And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession; and I will be their God.
Last monday I was maybe more tired than I have ever been in my life. I kind of wanted to just go home and go to bed, but my body wanted something hearty and warm and delicious. My body wanted minestrone soup.
She tells him to go ahead and start eating. The people that work at the restaurant saw this and they thought that they didnt have enough money to order another Hamburger. So a young gentleman that works at the restaurant went up to them and asked the lady, “m’am i can get you another hamburger”, the lady said, “no its okay!” So the young man goes away and the elderly man continues eating. The workers at the restaurant were still watching them, wondering why they share everything. So the gentleman comes back for a second time and says, “m’am, its not a problem i can get you another one if you dont have enough money.” The lady again says, “No thank you!.”
- While we are on the topic of trends I’d like to see, Valve is looking at ways to charge people based on how fun they are to play with. I’m not sure how they’d pull it off, but if it happens it would get me gaming online more often. Which may not be a good thing…
“BTJA was launched to enhance access for broadcast journalists covering the television industry as well as honor the best work of the previous season while highlighting the potential standouts for the upcoming season,” said Joey Berlin, acting president of BTJA. “We were gratified by the industry support for our organization and our inaugural Critics’ Choice Television Awards last year and pleased with how well our members’ choices reflected the vote of the Television Academy. And the Most Exciting New Series selections demonstrated that our members, for the most part, reflect the preferences of the television audience.”
I always wanted to bake bread , somehow I didn’t have the courage. May be it’s my previous experience with bread had stopped me. Back in india, before my marriage Sundays used to be my culinary experimental days: white rats? My parents and two dogs :). Once I came across this awesome honey bread recipe, I decided I am gonna make it. My mother being wiser told me to use half the quantity since it’s an experiment. Well no , I was very sure that this will be a success and I some how convinced her. The ingredients were 1kg all purpose flour, honey and blah blah blah. I made it according to the instructions and a golden brown loaf was the result. I made tea and invited my parents to the table. Hmmm you should have the seen the look on my father’s face, as if his daughter has conquered the world. They both sat down and I started slicing the bread, well the knife was not moving. How do you cut a chicken? Yeah I had to use the same butcher knife and the force. My mother was hesitant on trying the piece like thing I had served, but my dad somehow managed to nibble something from the sides and he was so happy that his daughter made “BREAD AT HOME”.
Wall Street’s big winner was the NASDAQ Composite Index, driven to 11-year highs by rising technology stocks. Much of the index’s gain of close to 19% over the quarter resulted from the steep ascent of Apple shares.
I am no expert but I am still trying to figure out how she did it. The blocks I setup were extensions offered by internet browsers we use on the family computers. One of my buddies, far more knowledgeable in this stuff than me, has suggested some internet companies willfully attempt to undermine the type of website blocks I used and that I should go out and purchase software dedicated to the job.
* Travel Window: Valid for stays most nights Aug. 15 – Oct. 7, 2010, Oct. 22 – Oct. 28, 2010, Nov. 12 – Nov. 18, 2010, Nov. 27 – Dec. 2, 2010 and
in the next few weeks!
I'm probably one of the last people in the world to read this book. I have been meaning to for some time and finally fell into it after finding it on this year's World Book Night list. It is a beautiful story and I read most of the last third in one sitting, because I found it almost impossible to leave the company of Henry and Clare once I met them. A week since I finished reading, I still miss them. I have not felt like that about a fictional character for a long time.
Wyde and Gregg both expect Ewing’s court-appointed attorney to file a motion to have the bond reduced.
Israel fought a devastating war against Lebanon in 2006, which cost the lives of 1,200 people in Lebanon, mainly civilians, and 160 Israelis, mostly soldiers.
Watch the sunrise from a tropic isle
Thanks so much for stopping by, and hope you enjoyed and got a little inspiration!
The aboriginal footfall is ditching not-yet-established proprietary formats. They lucked out with Blu-ray — appliance the PS3 as a trojan horse for their next-gen architecture gave them an bend over the cheaper, added consumer-friendly HD DVD — but the Hi-Def war aching PS3 sales by appending the catechism of "will it become obsolete?" UMDs were abandoned from the beginning, and Anamnesis Sticks were, and still are, the a lot of big-ticket beam media cards out there.
In our house, our children own their own things. They are free to use them as they please, as long as they are not hurting anyone or damaging someone else's things, of course. Our children can cut their Barbies' hair, write in their books, cut up their playing cards. They can watch their movies and use pieces from their games for purposes other than those intended. They can eat their candy and wear their clothes in whatever ways they want. They can share or not share their things. They know what it feels like to own something, and to share it willingly. They are learning about ownership, responsibility, and generosity. They are learning that our home is a safe place for them to keep their possessions, and that their father and I are trustworthy protectors of them and their possessions, and their rights.
There’s a host of reasons why we should support it, even if you’re like me and have no proverbial horse in this race. Straight or gay, why should I care about the genders of two complete strangers who want to get married? And if we’re talking about relatively close acquaintances or friends, why wouldn’t I want them to be happy?
Oh wow, good question. Hmmm….I’m actually not a big fan of remakes and I would probably cry if anyone tried to remake something like Princess Bride or Legend. Can I pick a movie that I would like to see remade because I DIDN’T like it? Like Catwoman or FF Silver Surfer?
Another subject that truly divides the masses here in France is whether or not to pit the cherries. If you do, it'll make the clafoutis easier to eat, but you'll lose the juice. Unpitted cherries may be a hassle when you're chomping down on your share of dessert, but nothing beats a juicy cherry, so go for it.
Well, that's my little Aaamir story. There's a lot more that could be said, and probably a lot better than I have said it, but what can you do?
If one of your favourite classes isn’t a top burner, Lawson has a few tips to get more bang for your buck.
New York Rangers coach John Tortorella put it simple: “There’s no respect amongst players.”
Drinks: Margs
E X Muzambi
We’re going to take on 3 myths that accompany the issues of sexual deviance and the Christian community. These myths are:
CYVIF Blog (cyvifblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Ryan: Government is like sugar, fat or
Yeah, well, that’s it for my basic fashion routine. As for advice, well,
Atara
*Speaking of accountability, in an emergency, if you're going to leave your house--leave a note on the door saying where you are going so when guys from church or work coming looking, they'll know where you are.
In a statement issued by Alabama on Friday, Sims, of Chesapeake, Va., said he needed to be closer to home to support his family. He could attempt to be eligible to play immediately through an NCAA appeal citing family circumstances.
Of course, with the same players, a fairly straight retelling wouldn't be much fun, so go with one of the weirder reboot ideas...
I woke up in the middle of the night and realized that my emotions, defensiveness, and inappropriate “I’m in trouble” response, had made me unable to hear what Mister had said during our conversation days earlier. I heard him when he said, “I feel lonely when I’m sitting next to you” and “I feel like I can’t interrupt what you’re doing without upsetting you”. All I knew was that to make him not feel lonely I needed to give him my undivided attention, and be able to do so at any moment he desired it. But, that is NOT what he asked for. I knew that he would never ask, nor want, me to give up things I enjoyed to make him happy. That is exactly the opposite of what he wants. All he was saying is, “I want you to be available. Not to other people you don’t really know. Be available to me. To the kids.”
"Bless the Maker and all His Water. Bless the coming and going of Him, May His passing cleanse the world. May He keep the world for his people."
Probe after cops in uniform rob store
- Between 1/2 - 1 pint of double cream (note: the amount of cream depends on how rich you like your Royal Trifle)
Arnold Schwarzenegger
Eventually the conversation dwindles, and it's time to say goodbye. The children lean in and kiss our images on the computer screen. I kiss the camera lens, and then make a funny face. The last thing we hear is Mommy saying, "Augie, you can turn it off now, Just click h...." Click.
There was an appearance of the enemy whom you had knocked down by the current fight there.
In addition, the fourth quarter earnings conference call will be broadcast live via the Internet.
“I’ll do my best, your Majesty.”
The NEW Medium Sized Vertical Air Condensing Unit is now available. Be aware that not all options have their prices entered. Sales personnel should use the electronic List Price Book PDF that was issued for those prices still marked as “CALL”. Missing option prices will be added over the next few days. It was important that the equipment and spec be made available.
You said you loved me, but you never did…
First, she has improved with age. By that I mean, she has reduced her TPT Average to .987. Her percentage of reading errors is better than the fielding average of some Mets and Yankees infielders.
One of my favorite places to get discounted craft supplies is my local Tuesday Morning store. For the size that the store is they have a fair amount of paper and other craft supplies. I’ve bought many paper packs for there for pennies on the dollar compared to my local craft store.
Before I get to the card I have to share with you today, I wanted to post the winner of the $20 gift certificate from StopAndScrap.com from our design team announcement blog hop last week. Drum roll please........
She said: "It was your tenacity that secured the first interview!"
“What Najib said about asking for an audience with the Agong shows the 13th General Election is near,” the deputy education minister said, referring to Najib’s joke about asking the Agong to dissolve Parliament “tomorrow.”
Detail shot:
It’s still funny thinking about it.
Everyone had a great time and it was lots of fun to plan and create for the shower. But now I'm ready to move on to the next step - baby grandson #2, due the end of June!
Amidst the weight of shock, confusion, and brokenness there is an surrealism that surrounds the fact that this is "life" for so many people. Whether it be women advertising themselves in the windows or the a running the Marijuana store around the corner. This is normal. This is "another day at the office." This is life.
By Helen Kennedy
The man smiled.
I was distraught and I left the project alone for a good two years before Mein Herr suggested we make a combined effort out of it. The feel of the tale, the emotion evoked from it, would still be the same, but the story differed vastly as he laid it out for me.
without any interruptions, doing things that we enjoy.
“The concept of personal liberties of the individual as opposed to the authority of the state had to disappear; it is not to be reconciled with the principle of the nationalistic Reich. There are no personal liberties of the individual which fall outside of the realm of the state and which must be respected by the state. The member of the people, organically connected with the whole community, has replaced the isolated individual; he is included in the totality of the political people and is drawn into the collective action. There can no longer be any question of a private sphere, free of state influence, which is sacred and untouchable before the political unity. The constitution of the nationalistic Reich is therefore not based upon a system of inborn and inalienable rights of the individual.”
Each of the main characters involved has had their own movie(s) leading us to this first combined effort and my oh my it was worth the wait. Also in the team are Black Widow and Hawkeye who have featured in the previous films, albeit very briefly in the case of Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner).
Overall Siobhan’s manifesto is very sound, highly original and shows large amounts of innovation and fresh thinking. Finding key problems and matching them to appropriate, effective solutions. She also doesn’t have the toxic background of being a party candidate. Therefore, for these reasons more than any other I feel Siobhan is the appropriate choice for London’s Mayor. For my second choice I would select Brian Paddick, as he has also demonstrated innovative ideas and fresh thinking, however, his campaign has been too insular looking too much at the policing role when it is about so much more, furthermore, he has not demonstrated how he will be a strong leader for the Mayoralty and able to fight against central government in the interests of the City of London.
I love the idea that it might be true. I love what it represents, even if it’s not fact, in the end. Because the little guy has a voice and has power. But then, I’ve already gone on about that. Still — it’s an exciting time to be coming into the industry.
Funny really, we had all talked of joining the FDNY, right under this fucking wall, but only Huey had made it. We had made plans here, elaborate, unbelievable plans that didn’t only involve the conquest of Linda Marconi. We were friends, comrades in arms, buddies to the last.
So prepare yourself for a bit of patchke, but from my experience, it’s well worth it.
One I recently recited from memory to the prisoners.
All of this in a country that has already come under fire from civil libertarians for its Big Brother style surveillance of the English people. A report from The Guardian in May of 2011 stated that there are currently 1.85 million CCTV cameras in the UK, amounting to 1 camera for every 32 people living in the country.
I am so thankful to have such an amazing little son to raise. I know God has his loving hand on my boy every day and I'm excited to see what each day holds as well as his future.
trees standing like sentinels, silent witnesses
When I don’t feel the routine, structure, or location works, a shake up is in order, and that’s exactly the case right now. I moved here in July, hauling most of my stuff, yet again, across the state line. I like my apartment quite a bit, but months after I’d settled in, I found myself still imagining, praying about, thinking about, “a home I love and can easily afford.” It surprised me, but I knew deep down I hadn’t quite found it. Enter, change.
The cover and info on this month's edition of Doctor Who magazine:
You can’t ignore it at all.
Advice: Breaking your day up into appointments and time segments increases the sense of acceleration
Richard M. Caproni, 34, Lynbrook, N.Y.
slept seven to a cell
I was very pleased with the result and look forward to eating this again. In my mind, it is equally as good as the smoked Turkey and Collard greens I had previously made. A bonus for those who don’ like the smell of cooking collard greens, bok choy has none of that strong cabbage smell which is perhaps why it has very little cabbage flavor.
1 Sliced Cucumber (I like English Cucumbers, but any will do)
Refer does not rhyme with deafer.
And there the surly village churls,
For almost two years, Kiran Cheema has been volunteering for the Red Cross Violence & Abuse Prevention Program, RespectED. The grade 12 student and aspiring medical school student from Surrey, BC is an enthusiastic peer facilitator for the Beyond the Hurt bullying prevention program which is offered in schools. In this program, older students educate younger students about bullying, with a focus on teaching students how they can intervene. “I have seen a difference and a change with the younger students in my school,” says Kiran, which has motivated her to take a more active role in the program.
Benzema: 31
Here are some of your favorites, according to my very scientific poll:) In no particular order:
bright blue or a shadowed navy,
No arrests have been made yet into the beating of a white man in Mobile, AL by a black mob this past Saturday night (WRKG).
This recipe is for Simona of Briciole, hosting Novel Food, the quarterly event featuring the comestibles we find within the pages that we love to read. Simona will soon have her round-up online. Do stop by for a read and a nibble.
The Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee approved the request recently, enabling the IDF to summon up to 22 battalions for active duty for the second time in three years. Already, the army has called up six of them.
A delightful blend of black beans, quinoa, yellow onion,
"colorful cast of misfits" is a pretty light hearted description. Coming after "online prostitutes catering to pedophiles" there's a real disparity of tone. You can be funny about serious topics, but you can't then have the serious topics viewed with any gravitas (examples are Carl Hiassen, Janet Evonovich.)
I'll admit that a little laziness does kick in when everything is covered with snow, and I'm perfectly content to stay out of the the garden for a day or two. I certainly don't stop thinking about it, though.
3) Drizzle on some olive oil and squeeze a bit of lemon juice. Salt and pepper, and serve with warmed flatbread.
I'm thinking that next time I go on a trip, I need to turn my phone off when I engage in female hunting. After all, the sound of the ringer could scare away the sales.
Remember those choose-your-own-adventure books? (Muse: Katherine's showing her age here!), where you could read a few pages of a story and then, when you reached the place where the hero met the dragon, you could choose between “hero slays dragon” and “dragon eats hero”, flipping to a different page according to your choice to continue reading? With a printed book, this was always a bit clumsy. You had to flip through the pages manually, and on the way you might accidentally see another part of the story. If nothing else, by the time you’d finished flipping back and forth, the book looked grubby and choose-your-own-adventure books had a limited lifespan. With an e-book, however, you could have hyperlinks in the text to do the “flipping” for you, and navigate your way around the story a bit like the hero in a game.
Figures on Pie Chart are listed in “Millions” General Overhead (Bldg. Lease 5 years, Tools, Equipment. Etc. is 23 Million USD, and so on.
Soon, the Chipettes are hired as the opening act at a Britney Spears concert at the Staples Center. Unfortunately, the concert is on the same night as the school contest, so Ian decides to blow off the battle and make the Chipettes perform at the concert. However, Jeanette confronts Ian, telling him that they want to go to the school contest. Ian refuses and orders Brittany to sing alone at the concert on stage, with Jeanette and Eleanor acting as back-up. When she refuses, he threatens to send them to a barbecue restaurant.
1 objections
Or, if one is a conspiracy theorist, the revision was part of a calculated move to secure Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver's support and then betray him: Ratner shifts from office to condos around the time Silver starts acting protective about the office market in his Lower Manhattan district. Then Silver pitches in $33 million from the state budget, and the same week (maybe even same day), Ratner suggests he might go back toward offices after all. We know "betray" is a strong word here: Surely Ratner will need Silver's help in the future and does not want to ruffle his feathers.
Footprints, footprints in the sands;
for ever -
This was the sum of our calamity, that humanity was exiled from the good Father, and was banished from the Divine oversight and care.
3) My unofficial official REVISION date is May 25th. Although I am hoping maybe sooner, that's what we're looking at for sure. My 30th bday is the 20th, so it will be QUITE the bday present to myself!!!!!!!
It was a complete nightmare to photograph in a light tent so we had to go alfresco .... much better result :0)
Do you own any of these KandNail stamping plates? What do you think about them? Are you patient enough to stamp twice or even more? :D
Starting in December instead of January was just step one. I’ve also decided that I’m making my goals public knowledge, not just to my close family and friends but to you, the entire community. Meaning, I’m no longer standing alone, struggling to hold myself accountable against the rest of the world; instead, I’m using the positive thoughts, and inspiring comments from my fellow ladies as fodder for morphing into the woman I intend to be. As Hillary Clinton said, “It takes a village;” not only to raise a child, but also, I believe, to raise a well adjusted, self sufficient, proud, community minded, adult. Women, talk. We do. It’s an inherent fact that young or old, Amish, Hindu, Catholic, or Greek, we, as women seek out others, like ourselves, kindred spirits, to hypothesize, discuss, debate, and gossip about our daily lives, struggles at home, office politics, and soap operas. So why not use that? Why not band together to form a larger support system to hedge the bets in our favor? I’m confident that with each other, we can make some pretty miraculous changes – in the world at large, in our small town communities, and in our own personal lives.
After many cookies were in everyone’s belly’s Sam, Malarie and Tim had to go since they had Church in the morning, so we all said good by to them and continued on until everyone left. It was so great to see them all especially Darlene, Jacob, Sam, Malarie & Tim! They are all such good company that I don’t see enough!
someone who respects me as a woman and a human being
About 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, crushed (I grind it in a coffee grinder that I only use for spices because I never buy ground rosemary)
The brief from Food & Drink editor, Myffy Rigby, seemed simple enough: come up with 25 eats under $15 that covered a broad spectrum of cuisines and suburbs across all of Sydney. The catch? These had to be spots not already reviewed by Time Out Sydney. Not so easy!
I just finished watching the Superbowl and am now watching the Season Two premiere of The Voice. It has been a great day to spend with family. A hard day to write though. Too many distractions. But I need these days once in awhile.
Private label rights (PLR) are one of the hottest things in Internet marketing today. Everybody wants to know what they are and, more importantly, what benefits they can get out of them.
This brings me to the cold. I have always been hot-natured and actually despise wearing winter coats. I could go a whole winter in Virginia and only put my coat on two or three times. Since I've always considered myself a little tougher than most when it comes to winter weather, I contemplated just putting on a brave face and pretending that the Alaska winter doesn't bother me. But I'm going to tell the truth instead. Not because I want to reinforce that we're crazy for moving here to those of you who may already think that, but because I want to look back on this in a year and laugh at how green I really was as a new Alaskan.
My little kindgergartener melted my heart this morning by saying he wanted to buy his OWN gift for his teachers. He gets a dollar a week for his allowance, so he came in grasping $3.00 from his piggy bank. He decided to get them a "fancy coffee" from Starbucks, but I told him they are each more expensive than 1.50 (he has two teachers because they share a contract in his class). He wouldn't hear of me chipping in to add to his 1.50 for the coffee (a tall caramel machiatto to be exact). Each cost 3.55, so he paid for it all. That made this mommy's day! I'm so proud of his generous little heart.
A couple of weeks ago I posted about signs of Spring, one of which is sugaring season. Here in New England and Eastern Canada we make maple syrup from the sap of the sugar maple tree. You can read more about it here.
* NB: THIS COMPETITION IS NOW CLOSED
But by this time the threat had receded: Napoleon had been defeated at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 since when he had concentrated his empire building in mainland Europe. Faced with an embarrassing white elephant the Goverment opened the canal to barge traffic, charging tolls to try and recoup some of the construction costs, but this never amounted to much, particularly after the arrival of the Ashford-Hastings railway in 1851. The last toll was collected in 1909. But, of course, history has a habit of repeating itself, and the Canal’s defensive strength against invaders (this time from another megalomaniac empire builder, Adolf Hitler) was recognised in the 1930s and a line of pillboxes was constructed along its line.
A certain rhythm that you can't control
In September 1998 I was fitter than I had been in years. Earlier in the 1990s I had been slowed down by arthritis in my hips (more of that later) but total hip replacements in 1994 had been very successful. I continued to trundle my clubs around the golf course and swam regularly in the sea throughout the summer.
I wanted to thank everyone for all of your kind comments you have left me. I do have one question for you.....did you feel uneasy at first to share pictures of your kiddos? I will share some but just want to ease into it.
The Top Section
Jeremy White’s Saison: Jeremy White is the employee winner of the Sam Adams Homebrew competition, hailing from the IT department of the company. Refreshing, flavorful and light bodied, his classic Belgian-style saison is brewed with grains of paradise (sound familiar? Sam Summer Ale, anyone?), infusing a light peppery flavor throughout alongside notes of sweet grain and citrus.
Because… I was dependent upon sugar. It was my friend when I was alone. It was my joy when I was bored. It was my comforter when I was sad. It was my peace when I was stressed. It was my healer when I was sick. I needed sugar… to get through life. I was entirely dependent upon it.
Like the much maligned PRC scholar Sun Xu who sparked nationwide outrage with his now infamous remarks on there ‘being more dogs than humans in Singapore’, Mr Liu came to Singapore to study when he is at a tender age of 14 or 15, signing a ‘contract’ with one of Singapore’s top junior colleges, National Junior College for four years:
In Parshat Kedoshim, the verse says, “You shall rebuke your fellow man and do not bear sin because of him.” Rashi explains that rebuking should be done with sensitivity. Do not publicly embarrass the offender. It is both ineffective and immoral, and only puts the sinner on the offensive. In addition, you will have lost the opportunity to bring about change. The Sefer Hachinuch notes that criticism should be delivered privately, with tact and refinement.
Volume 4 has perhaps the most varied selection in the series. It has instrumental tracks, including the lovely "Matcheketcheke" by Steven & His Twisters, some by illustrious vocal groups like the Dark City Sisters (with a version of "Langa More" without the "tap tap"), Black Mambazo (not to be confused with Ladysmith B.M.) and the Killingstone Stars, plus some brilliant more 'ethnic' (for lack of a more appropriate description) songs. Especially the latter stand out, like the soulful "Udokotela" by Mekuyise Maphumulo & Party and Alfred Muchunu's "Umakhlehlana", which - most of the time - is my favourite on this cassette.
Yes, I did say durian! That notoriously smelly fruit. Oh be still my heart...
Recipe: Create a Critter Cartridge, I'm not sure what the background paper is anymore, I got it in an ebay lat...sorry, DCWV Carstock, DCWV Glitter Cardstock, old rub-ons not sure of brand (bird and "adore"), glitter brads, corduroy brads, bling, velvet brads, prima flowers, turquoise ranger embossing powder, ranger antiquities rose quartz, tanzanite, and ocher embossing powder, creative imaginations chipboard stickers, doodlebug designs cardstock stickers, kaiser crafts yellow pearls, eyelet outlet tulip brads, butterfly and flower stamps (not sure of brand), inkadinkadoo flourish stamps, cuttlebug embossing folder birds and swirls.
The UN's belief that military power could be used to 'tip the scales', simply shows how fundamentally they misunderstand what has caused the successful revolutions to become so: nonviolence.
So, yeah, I have a gun on when I'm at home because I'm lazy.
Oh it’s sacrilege! It’s sacrilege!
The last four days have found me either languishing on the sofa, bed, or in my favorite chair. Some very nasty little guy at Walmart who was in the Christmas spirit decided to share his crud. If I live and if I find him, I will lick his face. Hard.
The weather in my neck of the woods: Sunny, but Cool Crisp temps. It’s gonna get cold at night thought.
After attaching the photos and flowers where I wanted them, next came the lines. My goal was to make a blank calendar grid on the poster board. Thanks to cutting boards with loooong lines and a sharpie ... it worked. I didn't want to have my lines go through the photos entirely and completely destroy the images, so I made lines to hopefully make hints of date spaces in some places.
dress in action
Everyone born into this human race was born a slave, in bondage to sin. We see in Romans 6:17 that we were “the servants of sin.” This explains what the Lord meant when He said, in John 8:44, “Ye are of your father, the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do.” From this we conclude that every unbeliever belongs to Satan and is in bondage to him.
BAKE 15 minutes
Here is the metaphor that will help you make sense of the whole thing: The whole starry sky is a wilderness of energy. Wilderness is a wild area uninhabited by people. But in the wilderness there are places that people do occupy. Those are the “developed” areas. In the starry sky, there is similarly a specific area that is is inhabited by “people” – it is called the “Zodiac” – the “people” inhabiting this band of stars are the planets.
What this will do, of course, is drive up demand for urban housing, which will drive up price by proxy. Which means current inner city dwellers who may happen to fall on the low end of the socio-economic scale will be forced out. Probably, irony of all fucking ironies, to the suburbs! They'll move into the McMansions abandoned by the yuppies, McMansions that will be perhaps converted into multi-family housing units.
The important transportation link will allow thousands of passengers per year to make connections to Amtrak’s Wolverine service that extends from Pontiac to Chicago; as well as to SMART, DDOT, Greyhound and charter buses; corporate and hotel shuttles; taxis and personal vehicles.
"Thanks for the update! I'm anxious to get to your stove, as the pilot arrangement is so unusual. I do have instructions on adjusting the oven burner spud, if you ever need them. TT"
As far as I know, the organisers have not defined the judging criteria, and this is something I'll be doing.
Racked: 07-13-2007 (w/ oak chips)
Lies, have now become what passes for truth, but they are still lies even though none dare call them such.
I have SIX layouts that I want to share with you that I created using this kit! I even created some cards with the leftovers but I didn't get them photographed before I gave them away. Actually, that's a lie... I did photograph them but the photos are too awful too use and since the cards are gone...
We need to rebuild our nation’s infrastructure. Historically, that hasn’t been a partisan idea. Franklin Roosevelt, a Democrat, did it, as did Dwight Eisenhower, a Republican and — like me — a proud son of Kansas and a chain smoker. (Applause.) Even though I’m Teddy Roosevelt, I’m also a little bit FDR and Ike, meaning I’m a little bit Democrat and a little bit Republican. So, if you’re an independent, you should vote for me.
I worked for the Emporium Capwell Department store and I sold first fine china and then housewares. This was a fun place to work. There was a really cute store detective named Ed and he was pretty old but I sort of liked him. Ed was probably 25 or so and when he asked me out, I was thrilled. He took me to dinner and bought me two martinis. When Ed took me home after a couple of hours at his place to look at his etchings, (I mean examine his gun), he nearly had a heart attack when I told him I wouldn't be 18 for another 4 months. Sheesh!
Yes, me .
This is so sweet..
There are things I can do immediately that will soothe hurt feelings just a little bit, just enough to not let this boil over into the entire neighborhood. But I know that, for this experiment to work, I need to go beyond that. I need to learn to forgive and to change the way I feel about them. I need to put into practice the most basic of Christ's teachings.
disclaimer: review copy received from the publisher.
Her approach reminded me that the main requirement of learning to spin is some level of dedication -- new spinners may not even realize they are providing that, they are so smitten by the fiber and mesmerized by spindle or wheel. It's that little bit of practice every day that turns you into a spinner. Like knitting, swimming, and even reading, there are things your body and brain need to learn how to do which only comes with applied practice.
Dogs experience a variety of handling during their lifetimes. Most dogs will be hugged, have a child tug their tails, be restrained by a veterinarian, be groomed, and have someone clip their nails. It’s important that you prepare your puppy for being handled so he/she will react calmly rather than with fear or aggression. Puppies are little sponges and the more you prepare for the future the less stress and more comfortable your dog will feel.
Ice Cube - 42
He winks and says "I knew it"
glennp@greateasternenergy.com
“I thought you’d understand? I thought you cared for me?”
By 2010, Limpopo had replaced the Western Cape as the province with the third largest number of private security firms, Survey data showed.
The number of cupcakes needed depends on the size styrofoam cone that is used but the cupcakes bake up rather quickly at 10 minutes in the oven per batch. One recipe of batter makes approximately 120 mini cupcakes. I used about 150 mini cupcakes.
Divide eggs. Beat egg whites with 3 tbsp water until foamy. Slowly add sugar and vanilla, mix for couple of minutes, then add one by one egg yolk. Combine flour, corn starch and baking powder. Gently fold into egg mixture. Pour the batter into a 9 inch (23 cm) spring form cake pan lined with parchment paper. Bake at 365 F (185 C) 20 – 30 minutes. Cool completely and then slice through into two equal pieces.
In response to congressional pressure, DeMarco agreed to review the agency’s opposition to cutting principal balances on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac mortgages. Last month, in a speech at the Brookings Institution in Washington, DeMarco outlined some of the reasons for his opposition to the policy.
1. You don’t have to worry so much about your looks. (I’ve always prided myself on wysiwyg) Okay, I have invested in makeup, but I don’t always use it.
Looking at above factors; increase in supply and demand combined with legislative action - the obvious answer would be that the IP marketplace would be booming. However this is not that straightforward.
1. Methods of discipline.
On this particular trip I was on my way back from the grocery store and all kinds of thoughts were going through my head: “Where should I transplant my very shaky roots? How am I going to survive, financially? Are my kids going to be all right? Am I going to be all right? Should I switch jobs…and if so, what should I do?” I’m a creature of habit and don’t handle change well. Now every aspect of my life was up for grabs and I was grasping into air that seemed to be growing thinner by the minute.
One last thing. I'm not suggesting that buildings should never change. But how far should we go? What do you think of this:
Beth is that mom that her partner and son are very, very lucky to have.
Will gladly give up paradise.
Watercolor tips: I was going to just leave this as a long comment, but maybe other people would like more information on the how to of doing some simple watercolor art with their children. I have much to learn, but one can glean quite a bit when they paint all the time. These are some of the things I have found to be true for using watercolors in painting.
That's a passion.
This here is Ruhi, having a laugh with her raincoat... :)
If you’re familiar with the Wolves of Mercy Falls series Stiefvater found YA fame with know that The Scorpio Races is going to be a different experience. For one it’s a standalone. Yes. Stand-A-Lone.
From my facebook page today: Articles on the "secret" to maintaining weight loss and the 5 (or 10 or 20) diet foods that are sure to help you lose weight.
Well, that's all! Have a Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Recently I was asked what I want truly want in life and after deflecting the question, the man with whom I was speaking leaned forward on his chair and with great intensity, asked the same question again. At that moment I knew that he wasn’t going to let me go with giving him an answer that satisfied. And so, as his eyes bore deep into mine and we sat there in that uncomfortable silence, my thoughts and emotions swirled around in my head until they formed what I believed to be a cohesive and honest answer. I simply said, “I want there to be purpose.”
Yes, you heard right: Ryan Ellis was “ping ponged in the ding dong”.
Homemade "Maple" Syrup
Powerful words. But are they more than words of a hymn sung at church?
Enjoy the challenge and remember the winner receives a FREE MFP Stamp set!
Let us present to you, THE COCKNEY REJECTS!
“When I read a book I seem to read it with my eyes only, but now and then I come across a passage, perhaps only a phrase, which has meaning for me, and it becomes part of me; I’ve got out of the book all that’s any use to me, and I can’t get anything more if I read it a dozen times. You see, it seems to me, one’s like a closed bud, and most of what one reads and does has no effect at all; but there are certain things that have a peculiar significance for one, and they open a petal; and the petals open one by one; and at last the flower is there.”
as we take thy tax hikes and job cuts.
Julie was my friend. We didn’t know each other very long–just a few years–but in those few years she made a lasting impression on my life. When I helped start a community newspaper in the town where I live, Julie was the mayor’s administrative assistant. She also used to teach English. Her daughter Kathy says Julie was an “appreciator of expression, interested in art, and the creative process….she was my muse and my mentor.”
“We have communicated to him that we have prioritised his payment and will pay him this week,” Kganyago said.
I paddle for one mile and drift back for two,
The common format for resolutions (sensible and otherwise) includes a
The entire weekend was an experience I will never forget and I owe a huge thank you to many of my friends who donated money to help me raise the $2300 necessary to walk this event. Without your financial support and constant motivation I would not have been able to do this.
On June 21st 2010 Ms. Christine Lagarde, former French Finance Minister and current IMF Chief and Ms. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, World Bank Group’s Managing Director and former Finance Minister of Nigeria wrote an article which was posted on Project Syndicate website captioned ‘No Safe Havens for Dirty Money’. In their article they argued that tax havens, looted funds, bribery, and corruption hurt poor countries more and that the global financial crisis has served to show that there is little tolerance for people who cheat. To them both high income and particularly low income countries will benefit if everyone plays by the rules adding that ‘Corruption – under any form or circumstance – is a cancer that cripples developed and developing economies alike. It undermines economic growth. It is a crime that produces particularly damaging consequences in the developing world’. “Everyone must play by the rules” in order to save the world from the current difficult economic and financial situation.
HALA MADRID vs TWITCH FC
automatic sensor system
older than his twenty-one years. His dreadlocks and baggy tunic
Me: Um, sure, maybe a little silly like a clown.
- Community (as counter-intuitive as it may seem) rests on individual effort – and in this broken world it WILL take effort! It won’t magically happen! We aren’t gonna find any unicorns leading Oneg any time soon.
WIP = Waiting Impatiently for a Package: The whole world seems to stand still from the time the order goes through until the package arrives. There are so many things I could be doing, but I can't take my eyes off the doorbell. Ring, damn you, ring - it's been five minutes since payment cleared! Enough of this. I don't need that book right now. I've got a little bit of yarn around here somewhere. I could be working on some other simple, quick, little project that'll distract me for a day or two. So I go check my stash, where I'm ...
Kavsrave – No More (Slow Jams)
-fell in love with a girl, dated the girl's boyfriends best friend......yes, this resulted in disaster.
May luck and love be with you,
Pour into loaf pan and bake for 45 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean.
Josh Matthews is here to give us a dumb ass question to Mark Henry.
Include some Embossing
I wanted to find the best poker affiliate which has a wide range of rakeback offers, fast cashouts, rakeraces, poker freerolls, poker bonuses so my choice is RakebackInn.com
Sashimi and assorted sushi
I suppose I should be rather sympathetic. It appears that I overplucked as well. When I accidentally deleted my blog design. And I had to pencil in what you see here. I think that Michelle and I both need a do-over.
This is a tentative first step:
Abuela: “Jack, maybe we could go to The Emperor’s Wok.”
Even at max level, some of these achievements require a bit of assistance from friends. Sure, I could get turned into a rabbit by picking up eggs, then hop all the way to Un’Goro from … I dunno, Mulgore probably would be the closest. But it’s so much easier to fly down there, blossoming branch in hand, and use Have Group Will Travel to summon Lyssi there.
I have named the little tabby Gore Vidal. It is a feisty little tom that holds the firm conviction that 'the republic is dead' – something he conveys to me in my dreams in a clipped New England accent. I love Gore Vidal very much. I nearly kissed Party Time when he pulled it outta his bag that reasonably sunny September morning. It didn't take long for the big cunt to worm his way back into my affections. As an act of contrition it were a beautiful gesture...
Now, onto this week's challenge! We are having an ANYTHING GOES challenge! And we have a special sponsor this week...our very own, GRY! Gry has to offer as a prize is 2 clear stamps from Ladybug & friends, one from Elisabeth Bell which is called "Dad, Dud or Darling" and the other one is a Ladybug stamp called "Cool Girl"!
that your voice is dreaming
The only manner we may enter into the Crucified Life is if we totally yield ourselves to the Spirit of Christ in us so that He and He alone is King and ruler over our lives. And that my brothers and sisters brings up my subsidiary topic, that is, that the main reason most of us have not been able to fulfill our calling in this world is because we have let ourselves be conformed to the world rather than to Christ (Rom. 12:2).
In return for grace
I was going to make a pumpkin apple pie for Thanksgiving but then I was talking to this random dude about unique pie combinations and allegedly his wife had made a cranberry and jalapeno apple pie. He said she didn’t use a recipe and just came up with the idea one day. I told him that was brilliant and I am stealing it. Rather than throw everything in a bowl and mix it together, I decided to take a more calculated approach. I’m glad I did.
Here's to many more beers like this we can share with you, because when you drink them you are a part of the story too!
My second beer was the Belgian Pale Ale. I was really surprised with how good this was. It has a Belgian yeast spice punch with a strong hop flavor and aroma, without an over powering bitterness. I had low expectations for this one, and it came out great.
I didn't like the sound of her voice either. It was coarse and thick with phlegm. I thought I could hear her smoking as we discussed the details of the trip. She sounded suspicious and a little angry, though I couldn't tell what for. By the time we hung up the phone, I was already hoping Margie was just a one-time passenger.
Bill's Gay Nineties closes on Saturday, March 24, possibly forever. The owners are talking about finding a new space, and they may. But regardless, it will never be the same. The bar has been in the same 1850s townhouse since opening during Prohibition. It's an irreplaceable setting for this diamond.
Everyone makes ‘errors’ – how that gets handled really tells the tale about the person and their ‘truthful’ (Earned = ‘good & evil’) reputation -
I don’t see how someone with his educated background could be so delusional. Unless he believes his own crazy ramblings.
Why, then you must once again look shocked….and accuse Harbottle & Lewis of misleading you…. an approach that crafty old Rupe began to seed while he was absolving himself with the Dowlers last Friday.
We have all been playing in the Icelandic scene for 10-20 years and truthfully we have played most venues countless times. As a performer you get a bit tired of playing to the same faces and ears all the time. Therefore we are constantly looking around for new places and new people to play to. We love impromptu concerts and weird venues. When we released our first record we loaded our equipment and a powerful P.A. in the back of a big truck and drove all over town and played a song or two outside schools and workplaces. This was especially exciting since we had no permits and were chased by the police most of the day. Most bands like to play fancy gigs in the centre of Reykjavík to celebrate a new album but we prefer an opposite way of doing things. This time around we decided to continue our never-ending 'Skítatúr' (The Shitty Tour) where we play our shitty songs in small venues in out of the way places. We did the first 7 in 5 days last week and plan to keep on doing this throughout the next year. If we run out of places we'll have to go back to the first ones. Our dream is to play in old-age homes, on trains and inside tunnels in the mountains in the west and east of Iceland.
“It frightened me, Myrddin. The dream. I cannot bear to be without you, or to have you hurt.”
The mind is not a mirror bright;
2010.07.27 Thailand Narathiwat 1 0 A 50-year-old villager is murdered outside his hom by Muslim gunmen.
It’s telling that the Badalabougou youth I mentioned earlier ended their march at a police station. They were serving notice that the state had failed in its duty to protect law-abiding citizens. Consider also that in some of the incidents detailed above, mobs confronted law enforcement personnel who had suspects already in custody. What the recent wave of lynching suggests is that by late 2011, a large number of people here had lost all faith in their justice system’s ability – and even willingness – to punish wrongdoers.
A pram by the Roberson's.
Several Chinese B2B sectors are establishing a track record of innovation domestically and globally. The Chinese communications equipment industry, for instance, is a peer of developed-world companies in quality. Market acceptance has expanded well beyond the historical presence in emerging markets to include Europe’s most demanding customers, such as France Télécom and Vodafone.
hardest part of the writing process for me is setting the staging, crafting the scene, and getting the story down on paper. It’s also tremendously rewarding. Originally, editing was the hardest, because I think like many writers I wanted to believe my story was a gift from the gods and was delivered perfectly to me, but then as I combed through the draft, I re-worked and re-worked it as many as fourteen or fifteen times. Finally, I asked another published author, and he assured me that it took many re-writes. I asked him if that wasn’t exhausting, and he told me that was the part he enjoyed the most—the buffing and polishing, which made the story sparkle. After that, I tried his approach and found there is a lot of joy to it. It also helps that I insisted on being a part of the editing process, so I would learn what the trained eyes were looking for. This helped me tremendously, and I spend much less time on the edits as I did before; consequently, writing and editing is a much more enjoyable process, because my skill set is much stronger. As my friend predicted, I now enjoy putting the
Happy Monday, it's Donna here again with a really simple challenge in which everyone can participate. I decided upon a Monogram Challenge this week using any cartridge. Monograms make such a personal statement and are so versatile. They are perfect for invitations, sending a thank you, or just dropping a line. They can be formal or fun and make fabulous gifts, so let's see those monograms. We're also just thrilled with the fab entries to our Boots challenge and remind you you still have another week for that one as well. Thanks for following our rules.
In the base of the suitcase is a tin type image of a child, a tiny frozen charlotte and a tiny real pencil. Both
We rode our tram to the plane and went to find our seat. Much to my surprise, there was a dude in my seat! I started panicking, remembering what they had told us about how the flights are overbooked. I looked at Hubby and said, “I am NOT getting off this plane!!!” I just started pointing and telling the gentleman that that was my seat. He kindly pulled out his boarding pass, and sure enough, it was also his seat. A very nice French man in the row in front of us got up and gave us his seat, and told us not to worry…we’d work it all out. He called the flight attendant and they began trying to find seats for everyone. Praise God, the flight wasn’t overbooked, just ticketed wrong, so there were seats for us. We were on our way home!!!!!!!
carrot eating horses
White Balance : 6000k
Perhaps an IV drip could work. Liquid food going straight to the stomach via needle… But she could take the needle out, and it would be hard for her to play with the IV stand next to her all the time.
As far as only sport goes, Pattaya offers horse riding, swimming, scuba diving, wind surfing, golfing, tennis and jet skiing among others. However, unlike most sporting towns or cities, it does not start to go to sleep as the sun goes down.
The "expedit" shelving unit from Ikea (starting to wonder if I will ever not have Ikea furniture in my house - ha ha). The 4x4 cube shelving unit (in new lacquer white finish) was $149 and the 4 black bins on the bottom row were an additional $4.99 each. Not super duper cheap all together, but considering how much bigger it makes the itty bitty room feel, I think it was well worth it!
AAAAAAAAAASDLGHLK$@(#*&%(&*UH(*@#&$~!
Can we help you with this year’s Oil Show or any upcoming trade show or expo? Give us a call at 432.218.6736 or check out our website at www.sdbcreativegroup.com.
The four corners are punched with a Martha Stewart corner punch. I wanted to do something special inside the shadow box corners so I added chicken wire chipboard (LOVE IT!) from Dusty Attic, which I purchased from Vicky, who has an Etsy shop.
“Thank you for contacting us. I sincerely apologise for the delay in writing to you,” wrote a Melwyn D’souza of British Airways Customer Relations, pretending to reply to my original complaint. Except that BA had acknowledged my original complaint as Customer Relations Case ID 9861799 and the non-anagramatic Melwyn D’souza quoted Case Reference 9822503.
How easy it could have been
All the equipment will be stored in the basement in a cabinet and all the wiring will run to the cabinet. This centralizes all the equipment in a room that won’t be heated so the equipment will stay cool, we won’t be able to hear them in the house (DirecTV boxes are loud!), and we don’t need to find space in each room for all the equipment. I was concerned that running speaker wire that far would be a problem. The longest run of speaker wire through the walls and floors will be about 140 feet. Now that the speaker wire arrived today, I tested this. I connected a speaker to the stereo in our office by 500 feet of (12 gauge) speaker wire and it sounded perfectly fine. 140 feet is easy. For remote control, we’ll run IR extenders over Cat6 too. We do this in our current house with Xantech products and it works great.
Using muslin in a colander, I strained the milky mix and let the whey drain off. If we still had dogs, I would have given them the cooled whey to drink, but as this was already twice cooked and there was little protein left in it, I let it drain away.
My role on the project varies depending on who you talk to. BwB would like me to evaluate the project from both volunteer and client perspectives with an objective third eye. Not having a chance to introduce myself during the kick-off meeting with the MFI, however, gave the director the opportunity to task me with a different role. “And Noah has brought this pretty woman,” he announced to the team, “so everything we do will be prettier.” Challenge accepted.
“Oh, yes,” he nodded, “that was the implementation of the secret program to get us all out.” Having delved deeply in this topic for my book De Gouden Appel (The Golden Apple, Turkey between East and West, 2002) I assumed he was referring to the once secret report drawn up by the Ninth Party Bureau of the Republican People’s Party, CHP, which held a monopoly on political power until the first multi-party elections after the Second World War. In the 1930s, this bureau, which was responsible for non-Muslim minorities, devised a strategy to ethnically cleanse Turkey.
Nimbin, New South Wales, Australia
We walked into a few on South Congress Ave. but my favorite was Uncommon Objects. It was like a museum of recycled artifacts with each room being a different theme. It is an Austin must-see.
"Our calls for mines to be nationalized and land to be expropriated without compensation is currently our most important issue," he told delegates in a 90-minute speech.
Perhaps you know that my own mother was murdered by a neighbor. (I have told the story before-just click the link.) I don't know if you realize how perplexing it is to that young person who resides in me -ever an innocenti- who cannot comprehend how someone familiar and well-known-a lifelong neighbor- could do something so drastically cruel.
Thanks for Reading! And I Love Comments too by the way!
The obvious answer is economics–certainly a viable one in the current job climate. Broadcast opponents say using the TV spectrum for broadband will create millions of jobs, and generate hundreds of millions in revenue. That’s likely very true. Government contractors will make out like bandits. Again.
Welcome to another new follower, Georgia. I hope you get to drop in from time to time.
3. If you add my giveaway to your sidebar come back and let me know for another entry
yourself to the long task
He kept silent the whole night, seeming to be in deep thought, with a lighted cigarette in his hands at all times.
where the heated beam follows a circular pattern with some
Jake and I also shared that we had never before stayed in such a beautiful hotel.
And of course he is right.
“The attitude and inaction of the government agencies go to show that the ‘people first, performance now’ slogan remains merely a slogan.
“They’ll watch her. You can come back in the morning. Half the night’s gone already the way it is.”
05 Can't Make Love
The first novel by Sarah Winman was selected as part of Richard and Judy's book club, and it was one of my favourite books of the selection that I've read in many years. A tale of family, friendship and growing up, When God Was A Rabbit is a quirky, funny and heartrending novel with eccentric but loveable characters. An enjoyable read.
Do they ever figure out what they really believe? Or are they just too distracted to stay on an exacting, and sometimes painful, course of thought.
The issue over the consumption of Bluefin Tuna is very controversial, as many consider it to be extremely endangered, yet far too many governmental bodies and international committees, like ICCAT, permit certain quotas of Bluefin. The Japanese consume the greatest percentage of Bluefin, estimates ranging as high as 80%, and it seems that when Bluefin consumption decreases in the U.S., then consumption in Japan only rises. The new National Geographic show, Wicked Tuna, has raised the ire of some, as it appears to glorify Bluefin tuna fishing.
So I started with Bronze Rose, then added the Gold Coast (remembering to put each back in their jar before adding the next color).
Has a cat named Delilah, after her movie character in The Faculty (1998).
But her imprint on Singapore was no less significant for being so gentle. Her quiet dignity and self-discipline, her selflessness and modesty, were unique. The nation will not see the likes of Kwa again. — The Straits Times / Asia News Network
Sunday, April 22, 2012. Earth Day. How appropriate to celebrate on “Son Day”!
my great army that I sent among you.
But maybe you want to know about the sessions - the actual reason I'm here? (Well, actually another big part of the reason I'm here is to meet these fabulous women).
The same goes for CILEx lawyers. They do not have the right to conduct litigation and so cannot provide some types of pro bono help in a litigation case except through an SRA regulated employer.
Rating: 8/10
H. K. Edgerton's photo (right) will probably arouse a sense of cognitive dissonance. How in the world does an African-American associate with the Confederate flag? * Very simply, because he is proud of his heritage, which includes ancestors who fought for the Confederacy. He is a secessionist because he wants to preserve his distinctly Southern culture and, like the rest of us, free it from the tyranny of Washington.
The witness of the apostles convicted them of their sin. That is exactly as it should have been. One cannot be saved unless he is convicted of sin. Before you hit them with the gospel, (good news) you must present to them the bad news. The Jews were guilty of the death of the Lord of Glory. They were convicted and in their hearts, condemned. What convicted them? The fact of the resurrection! Now what will the Lord do to them?
I thought about buying this Tiffany’s necklace I’ve loved for a long time, but just can’t justify the cost. I also considered buying a piece of art work I’ve been eyeing. I even debated blowing it all on a fabulous and overpriced dinner at The Source in Washington, D.C. (the Wolfgang Puck restaurant whose reviews Chef and I have been drooling over but we can’t bring ourselves to spend that much money on one meal).
He is the man. You will never share the wheel. Don’t even wear jeans.
-school starts soon.
It’s intuitively designed, and you can tell Sony has been very careful to differentiate it from any of the other mobile OS’ out there – you’re unlikely to find sue-a-holics Apple or Samsung litigating against Sony on this one. But we still don’t think it looks quite fitting for such a mean-looking, monster of a console.
Imagine an eager, anxious boy lying on the top half of a bunk bed. His sister, three years younger than he is, lies on the bottom. Their father sits beside the bunk, eyes closed, and sings-and-says folk tales, accompanying himself on his Welsh harp.
Anyways, I washed them hoping to get rid of some of those mildew (mold?) stains. Which did absolutely nothing. Well, except for ruin one of them. The mildew must have started to disintegrate the fabric, so one of them tore up quite a bit in the wash. Sad face. But one survived, and I was determined to give it new life. Ew, not indoors. Never. But outside? Just for looks and not for rubbing my face all over? Sure. And I've been meaning to upgrade my outdoor pillow situation, so why not make hay when the mildew grows? That doesn't make sense...
Short quarrels and remorseful whispers add to the spice
I don’t know where you are, either. That is, maybe you are a Christian, maybe you are not; it doesn’t really matter. I don’t know, and I won’t presume to have all the answers to all your questions or concerns or problems. I don’t know where you are in life, but I am glad you are here. I hope you can and will engage us in conversation regardless of where you are.
Hmm, have I used this title for a post before? It's a recurring theme in my life. There is no shortage of clean clothing for myself or my child, but it often sits in baskets in the basement. The truth is, I don't like to fold laundry. I guess more accurately, the thought of spending my time folding laundry makes me slightly depressed, as though I must have so many other things to do besides this mundane task.
As I write this I realise that lighting has always been my least favourite element of renovation and remodelling... it was the same story with our farmhouse in St Rémy... sourcing the most simple of wall and hanging lights was the slowest part of the project. It is about finding that delicate balance between contemporary and 'antique' that proves such a dilemma. We want to personalise the space, give it some warmth and substance... make it hers... and for this reason our hearts were set on an old chandelier. The French make this transition between the old and the new so seamlessly... I have such respect for their design skills... it is not as easy as it looks... And of course budget... she makes for a mean partner... A first flat does not warrant illumination the likes of Versailles... but it is her first home and it must be right... In my dreams I see her moving in with nothing but a high wattage bulb for company... Do you find 'lighting' a chore like me? Or are there other design aversions that have you running for cover?
Today started - for me - at 8.30. I lay in bed waking slowly and then did my stretches and came down about 9.30 to find that Alan was already outside continuing with the job of digging out the rockery in the front garden. This rockery has been one of those areas that I just haven't been able to get right. It got overrun by plants and a couple of years ago we cleared it and started again. It got out of hand again. We are blessed with a very large garden but it requires a great deal of effort to keep on top of all areas . We decided that it was one area that we could do without and it would mean that Alan would not need to maintain and weed it.
Stuff You Gotta Watch by The Band
1. Project Participants Information, address, phones, email, and license #s 2
Veggie Tales: Dave and The Giant Pickle (25 min.) and ask questions from below.
Hwa Yong notices that they seem to be enjoying and cuts in between telling Lee Gak that she’s curious about what flowers might have bloomed at the Lotus Pond. As they make their way to the Lotus Pond, Hwa Yong can only comment on the lovely flowers that have bloomed while Lee Gak seems to be more interested in a witty conversation – with leads to a riddle that he wants Bu Yong to solve and if she ever solves it within 2 days then he will give her a big prize.
It's been a while since I've read DB, but the story is still pretty fresh in my mind. (I can't say this for all books I read!) I really loved how important a role her family played into the story. Especially the ending. It wasn't the ending I'd expected it to have. Was it always planned to end that way, or did it surprise you?
(i was beginning to feel like a chump. did they not think i would notice? gheesh.)
Matisyahu Tour Dates
I was over checking out all of the new spring makeup /fragrances from houses such as DIOR..CHANEL
Second image is this ultra glamorous Chanel entrance... goodness me, I wouldn't even want to walk on it.
The paper has one of my favorite colour combos: pink and green. I'm still hooked on the Vintage Flower border punch by Martha Stewart and paired it with two of my other favorite addictions - lacy circle nesties and my beloved Verve Flutterby die. Spring has definitely sprung in my craft room. Now just need it to arrive outside :)
This bunny sucker is sooo adorable! I love the stripes. I just cannot bring my self to eat it!
It was necessary to shorten the peplum, but I may have done that anyway for a more contemporary look (and yes, I know this is not what most people would think of as a modern look!) My original idea was to stick the zipper at the center back (instead of the original side zipper) and then brilliantly cover that seam with a second little mini peplum that would snap in place. Well, my leftover fabric pieces were dwindling down to nothing, and the look was going to require one of those half-circle flounce pieces that always takes a great deal more fabric than I think it will. I decided to go ahead and finish the skirt without the extra piece and see if I could live with the effect. And I really like it!
Hear no evil, see no evil, speak no evil. (my own words - think no evil )
I used the adorable You & Me stamp set for a little treat bag I cut with the Fancy Favor die and Crumb Cake cardstock. I stamped the veggies on a Crumb Cake tag, and then stamped them again on white, colored and paper pieced it. Before I stamped, I actually cut the greeting off the stamp so I could use it anywhere or stamp just the images by themselves.
We have a bit of a crazy schedule over the next few weeks, so I expect that the rest of May will be gone in a flash. This weekend is full with family in town and birthday plans for my sister-in-law. Next Thursday we'll have one more ultrasound for the first trimester screening test. On Friday we'll head north to attend my mother-in-law's retirement party before heading back south to vacation with my sister's family at the beach for a week. After we get back, I'll have my pre-op appointment on May 31 and the melanoma surgery (finally!) on June 1.
So, “Is it easier to sell your home or buy a new one?”
You don’t need to submit your CV with your submission. Only relevant details matter, e.g. writing competitions, courses, etc. With unsolicited longer fiction, the submission guidelines are as follows: Three chapters and an outline. Or, if available, the whole manuscript.
As six o’clock drew near, I picked up my guitar and glanced around one last time. The paintings on the one brick wall to my left were abstract watercolors of people, and it seemed to me that they were all staring, judging. While working, I had often looked in to their eyes. I felt as if I knew them all by the expressions they were made to project forever as they sat, frozen in their frames. Other than them, nobody that I knew was even there. I was slightly disappointed that no one had come to support me. Not my family. Not even my friends. Up on stage, I was all alone, but the place was not entirely devoid of life. There were a few random people sitting against the wall reading, but other than that, it was just the barista who was carefully placing a Panini on the press as she waited for me to start. At that point, I made up my mind that it was either play in the coffeehouse for no one or go home and play for no one. It was different in the coffeehouse. I had played for no one at home every day and now, despite my delusions of grandeur, I needed to fulfill a purpose.
“Pediatricians as well as ethicists have also voiced their concerns in usage of these stimulants. In an article published in the New York Times, they have questioned the appropriateness of medicating children without a clear diagnosis in hopes that they do better in school. They also asked whether the drugs should be given to adults failing in their careers or are procrastinators. They question the worthy of this method.
A few months ago I blogged about the release of book number ten; Xtreme Xianity. Well here is what it looks like.
In the months since Anthony was arrested and eventually charged in the death of her daughter, Caylee Marie, thousands of pages of legal documents detailing the sweeping criminal investigation have been released in response to records requests.
Scorpion is one of those characters, when you have to blend in his spear throughout 75% of his combos. Like if for the Xbox 360, you can press X,X,back back X(Spear), then you can do something that can space yourself and the enemy. Like a X,X,B. But the thing is, if your opponent is about to attack, since Scorpion has a teleporting move, you can counter their attack just at the right time with a down, back, A. Remember, Scorpion’s main link is the spear, and he’s one of the characters where you wanna keep his combos short and sweet with maybe a 6 to 8 hit combo.
When it's all said and done
This is ultimately not a sad post but a celebration of the joys this one and only life can bring when we live it to the utmost. Gisela and Dietmar know the secret.
Finally, I am greatly indebted to renowned zoologist Dr Desmond Morris, Curator of Mammals at London Zoo during much of the 1960s, for sharing with me the following priceless anecdote concerning these singing dogs. When Spike Milligan visited the zoo one day, Dr Morris showed them to him, and informed him that they belonged to Sir Malcolm Sargent. Spike’s opinion, given by way of reply, was, as always, purest Milliganesque:
Well, it might look kind of nice, but you’ll have to build it twice,
Nancy then had a neighbor on the phone and she asked the neighbor the same questions but to Nancy’s frustration, the neighbor did not have the answers.
4. The Blue Ridge Mountains Christian Writer’s Conference: I attended this conference for the first time last year and LOVED it! I met a ton of cool people and learned a lot about writing. I’m looking forward to seeing all my new friends again and being able to take in more without being so overwhelmed this year.
DAY 23: Christmas movie
- I turned 41 that following January.
Eager to exit, with a slight tug at the door and a
“The man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers.“ ~Thomas Jefferson
The cushion soft leaves of the alchemilla - such a pretty name, don't you think? - are unfolding, diamond bright raindrops held shimmering at the edge and the lime green flowers slowly opening. I have a real thing about lime-coloured flowers, particularly when placed in vases full of creamy roses and lilac blossom. Such an elegant and yet old fashioned feel to arrangements such as these.
When you ask How are you? Do you hear the reply?
Digital Journal reports that the photograph, in which the head and arm of a child can be seen underwater in a large red bucket on the floor, was posted to the Chinese web services company Baidu before it was circulated on Weibo, the country’s version of Twitter, last week.
Reheat the wok and pour in 1/2 tbsp of oil. When it is hot add the garlic, green beans and scallions. Stir fry for 2 minutes without letting the garlic burn. Add the noodles and cook for 2 more minutes, stirring constantly. Add the meat to the wok and cook until heated through, 1 or 2 minutes. Pour in the remaining soy sauce, vinegar and oil. Cook until hot, about 3 minutes.
the rest on my shoulder down the sandy path to the Grahams’ house. Sweet
Here’s a list of unforgettable dreams and nightmares that I’ve had when I was a kid
to their highlight reel.
After the museum, my companions and I decided to try to find Little Italy for some delicious pastry from Presti’s. After several wrong turns, I find myself going up Cedar Hill, diving onto Overlook, looping back onto Edgehill, and somehow ended up on Mayfair with a parking spot on the street.
I still remember how shocked I felt when I heard about his horse accident. It seemed impossible that such a man--the epitome of physical strength--could find himself in such a situation.
It is with great regret that the Imperial Media Department confirms that vastly scattered detritus found in the Dustig Sector not far from Haruun Kal came from the SSD Devastator. The epicentre seems to be at a location where a titanic explosion was detected. There is no evidence of any escape pods / ships making an exit as yet though investigations are ongoing.
If this Give Me Your Password stupid has happened to you, PLEASE let me know. I will take personal pleasure in blasting that employer, and they’ll never know it was you who told me. Ofcourse, you could be like Justin Bassett and make claims on thin air. Or remain silent.
Lately, it feels like everyone I meet is an engineer of some sort. It carries such prestige. My dad is an engineer and I guess the conotation of the word has always rendered images of maturity and sureness in life. But here was this guy, a few years older than me and he was an engineer. I guess I am getting old and people my age are indeed engineers. Adults. Responsible people who are financially and mentally equipped to raise families, purchase homes and begin the slow process of acquring the things necessary to die, peacefully.
And here is another example of finding something on site that we can incorporate into our edible food garden/forest
Why am I showing you this jarred tea when this post is about beef salad...?
Milk train rattles, postman swings,
Phone: (718) 624-0675
It tastes like cough syrup. But not in a bad way - I like the taste of cough syrup.
Brings up feelings deep in you, from within,
But all the cars had one thing in common: I'll never be able to afford any of them.
More long term, however, I would hope that this would bring the IAAF to the table with meet promoters to discuss the Double Jeopardy that meet promoters have placed athletes under with respect to participation in the larger meets “post doping suspension”. Just as myself and many others find it sad that the IAAF limits the ability of athletes to market themselves in pursuit of earning a living – via the ruling that disallows the placement of advertising on athletes uniforms – it is also sad, in my opinion, that athletes may also be precluded from earning lanes, and money in the better meets because of past suspensions.
Usually I’m pretty good about just avoiding things like fries and chips. If they’re in front of me or in my house, they will be eaten. So I don’t buy them or order them. For whatever reason, it was REALLY hard to say no this time. It was one of those situations where I had to get Anthony to say no for me, because I wasn’t strong enough. I felt pretty ashamed, and still do. I hate that feeling that food has this power over me. I mentioned this to him, and he was quick to remind me that it had only been a month and change would come. But sometimes, I really doubt it. I doubt myself.
It goes without saying that I didn't crack. I was proud to lie, proud to be Mum's impenetrable boy. I repeated all I was told and sat there looking smug and disinterested.
I've always loved to travel, but I have a limited income. So I was thrilled this year to discovered the genius of housing swaps. In Paris, my mom and I swapped apartments for a pretty apartment in the fourteenth. For our Berlin trip, Alex and I are swapping with the lovely apartment pictured here. (Check it out!!!)
TEXSAR is a 501(c)(3) member run, member owned organization. It receives its funding from membership dues of $75.00 per member per year. Additionally, because of its not-for-profit statues, the team receives private and philanthropic donations as well as grants.
The ultimate defendants in this legal action are believed to be the same cabal behind the assassination of US President John F. Kennedy and many other major international crimes.
Today we had BIG block party with our neighbors and it was lots of fun! I did a face painting booth for the kids and it was a great turn out. Pretty much there was a long line pretty much the whole time. I was going to take some pictures to share, but I did not have a moment to do so.
at this time of year when we all
- Burgers - if you are looking for a good burger, Mother's in Federal Hill has pretty consistently good burgers and great fries/sweet potato fries. (Note that that link is to their insane "Heart Attack on a Plate" burger (pictured below), which was good but their regular burgers - for normal folk - are excellent too.) We also love their buffalo chicken sandwich, which is served with bacon and cheese, in case you needed more calories. This place is Ravens central during football season so it's a fun place to visit if you are into football. It's also fun to visit in the off-season if you have no interest in football, like us :)
But there is a superstar in our midst… of the leporidae* variety. *Side note – ever since I shed my ‘imaginary’ facade to become a proper scientist I use much bigger words. Psst: leporidae is the bunny species.
Please contact NFBID at 718-783-1685 for more information.
I had forgotten, until a reader reminded me, that I used a new word in The Squishy, Stinky Diaper. Well, more accurately, I used an existing word in a new way. The word was bubbled. As in: “Mommy bubbled Baby’s tummy.”
when dirt was new!
Sodium 0mg0%
The boys themselves are doing well. I'd even go so far as to say the are flourishing
But nothing I did could make me forget Paris.
And what of Stuart Howe and the rest of what he does at Sharp's?
plays 'fujare' and Tibetan singing bowls on "Lily", another
Ek dog seerowers was almal wit - net soos ek glo dat alle astronauts wit is. Dalk werk die Seerower ding op iAfrika tyd - so 'n paar eeue later, ja. Ek wonner of 'n swart seerower 'n wit "eyepatch" dra? Is dit 'n wit skedel op 'n swart begrafnis kêp of 'n swart skedel op 'n wit begrafnis kêp? Ek het die hier raakgeloop. Lyk my die "liberal flat whites" maak 'n lekka dolla uit die seerower dêng.
It's astonishing to me that something this excellent not only sounds so modern, but could have been stored away for so long. Thankfully, since this release the band has started playing live shows again too. We can only hope that these sparks of attention lead to more Grabbel and the Final Cut material to come to light. The world deserves more music this good.
6. Remove the dough at the end of the dough cycle.
Johannesburg - Limpopo police have launched an internal investigation into the robbery of a Tohoyandou grocery shop by men in police uniform, they said on Thursday.
Nico Muhly — The Holly and the Ivy
Eventually I must have scared myself back to sleep, because I awoke later and was in better sorts.
Make use of the charity shops you will find in every High Street in every UK town. Cheap, quality used goods are available. Everything you need is there from crockery and cutlery, to good suits and shoes for a fraction of the new price. Nothing tardy or dirty is sold; it gets chucked if it is not in good nick.
Best wishes to all of you who apply!
Should be fine.
“Now pay back the tax money and have a nice day.”
Sunday We're meeting mummy at the Lougheed mall to do spot of shopping. There was a Nightmare before Christmas wallet there that I saw when we were Christmas shopping. My wallets a little chunky for my smaller bag.
Jennifer concluded with:
Seedy, mushy, and horrifically purple, eggplant appealed to me about as much as a drug-free colonoscopy. Then, in 1997, my friend H hid it in her homemade tomato sauce. And … revelation. Soon, I was on to eggplant dips, eggplant pastas, and finally, plain ol’ broiled eggplant. The trick was getting the image of the vegetable out of my head, and forcing me to associate it with otherwise good food. I suspect it would work beautifully with any vegetable that could be pureed or furtively included in a sauce (butternut squash, bell peppers, etc.).
Today we launched Buy Your Beau’s Online, our project with Operation Come Home to deliver beer to people’s homes in Ottawa, and promptly had the service effectively shut down by the AGCO.
This is another option to use Italian meringue. Here are two techniques on how to make any frosting of your choice multicolor to decorated your cupcakes or cakes. For these cupcakes I used the vanilla cupcakes recipe. How I do the rainbow cupcakes you can check it out HERE.
"Ya know Billy," I said, "it says a lot about a department when this many people show up for a reunion of members from an organization that hasn't existed in 13 years, many of whom were only here for a relatively short time. It shows how much people loved working here."
And that is perhaps the best part about the whole thing: the plot was constructed in such a way that there is a lot of room for more sequels that can be completely and believably independent of the previous Star Trek movies, including the last several train wrecks that they threw at us.
Whew...what a long post!! Congratulations if you made it to the end...
So, how much did you learn about Ellie?
in place of wrapping him in my comprehension.
I have found that I am much more likely to make an impulse purchase online than if I have to pull out my wallet and physically pay for something.
-‘I want to look like her .’
In this blog, I’ll try my best to gathering food stall mainly in Bangkok that have a nicely and tasty food which you might just realize later that it is just at the corner of your hotel. So you will no longer miss great food at local cost anymore! Stay tuned for the next episode!
In the middle of the eighth century, the Abbasid dynasty supplanted the Umayyad line of Abd al-Malik. In the Abbasid period, biographical material about Muhammad began to proliferate. The first complete biography of the prophet of Islam finally appeared during this era-at least 125 years after the traditional date of his death.
"Do you know what the dogs did at night after the killings?
Robie asks herself “What's worse than this?” - and soon finds out.
To them, heaven is right after death. All they have to do is survive until they die and they go to heaven.
The current presented budget you can also see it is much of a patch up budget. Add buses, add MRT train, give GST, give to Medisave. If there is no complain to the government in the past year, will this happen? I saw that 550 buses will be added to increase 20% capacity. I hope I am not mad. With current population at almost the limit, yet we need to add 20%? Are we planning to bring in another 10% more people to utilize them as compared to few months ago? Yet, it is with public money, and eventually what do you do with the profit, where is it going to?
5) The outing of Valerie Plame - which is by definition, a SECURITY BREACH, you paranoid jingoist BASTARDS - as retaliation for her husband writing an editorial.
- You have to see REM(or some other band) and that's all you want to see.
2. Praise God that he has already chosen and prepared the right child for us! Pray that we would have peace in that!
I’ll be posting pictures as my little garden grows!
This is an easy recipe that makes a great looking cake. Kids just love it. It uses the ingredients most likely you already have in your pantry, without a special trip to the shop.
I guess it’s all the wedding stuff making it a bit difficult to focus on anything but. Who knew getting married in December would prove such a difficult task. If I hear one more vendor say - Ooh, eeh December you say? Wow! *Sigh* that’s a really busy month for me - I will cry. I thought people did Christmas in December, not weddings.
Age/Genre: PB (ages 6-11)
In its complaint, the US Government undertook a thorough analysis of Mr O'Dwyer's activities. At the outset, it alleged that Mr O'Dwyer 'owned and operated a linking website that offered to the public free downloading and/or streaming of thousands of copyrighted movies and television programs, without authorisation from the copyright holders. The original website was named TVShack.net.' As an example of the operation of TVShack.net, the complaint further provided:
I have been busy with so many different events that I have only just now gotten a chance to try to describe the retreat that I was able to participate in. It was an honor to be part of this event. The event was wonderfully organized by Sharon Costello. It was held at the Huyck Preserve in Rensselaerville, NY. Here is the description from one of the brochures we had at the exhibit at the end of the week. "In 2010, ten distinguished [Me distinguished??] fiber artists, working in felt, spent a week in residence at the Preserve exploring felt in nature." I still can't believe that I was part of this group. And what a group it was,Joei Bassett, Sharon Costello, Marianne Dubois, Carol Ingram, Sharon Janda, Renate Maile-Moskowitz, Lynn Ocone, Kris Sandoy, and Linda Van Alstyne. They are all so talented, kind, sharing, funny, and energetic. I was in awe and I am so thankful to have been able to get to know these women and their work so much better. This one week has had a profound effect on me. I feel like I have grown through this experience not only as a felter and an artist, but also personally.
Let the cake cool in the pan about 10 minutes then invert onto a cooling rack to cool completely.
I am so glad that over the years I am able to feel more of the joy of her life and less of my own sorrow. She was an amazing woman who could laugh, cry, and love with the best of them. I recall John telling me she was the first person he ever felt loved him unconditionally. She held true always to her values but accepted us. That is surely a goal we all strive for.
I do not do sport.
Busenello not only modified the ending of the Dido's tragedy, but also inserted a few comedy moments in the story with the purpose of attenuating the tragic pathos and bringing drama closer to human life -- a mixture of 'tragedy' and 'comedy'. Note that the same genius also wrote the libretto for L'incoronazione di Poppea.
The house is kind of upside-down right now. There is a slew of paperwork strewn atop the tables as I analyze previous business decisions and set intentions for the next year or so. The "cave", which was cleaned better than it had been in two years, is now splattered with slip muck and tools while mounds of plaster-infused clay that had been used for mold-making covets nearly every inch of workspace. Greenware pots are lining the shelves and sculpture is scattered here or there drying and waiting for the next step.
In Fillmore we had a lunch at Central Station of tender tri-tip beef BBQ. Meltingly delicious.
Questions, comments, concerns re: Malt? Mannequin hands: fug or fashion-friendly? Malt ice cream and milkshakes, or malt liquor?
Back on the street, the Tramp collides with a young woman (Paulette Goddard), escaping a bakery with her stolen dinner. Goddard is ‘The Gamin’ (gamine, or street urchin); in this case, the eldest sister of a family of girls, without a mother when the movie begins and without a father after a food riot leaves him shot. The Gamin is swift, smart and wickedly sexy, but she’s too desperate to avoid getting caught.
½ Obuolių Sulčių (Apple Juice)
And out of my debris you timber heights,
My "bloomers" are in fact suede harem trousers which I got from Cos a year ago and their baggy fit is turning out to be very useful when you have to wear two pairs of thick tights to keep warm. And I also quite like their bloomer-esque appearance when stuffed into knee high boots. They are however, cropped at the ankle. This means if I wear them on a frosty day with my mid-calf length biker boots there is a little gap between the top of the boots and the trouser hem that allows a ring of skin around there to instantly freeze when outdoors.
Company/Organization Description: SpotLightSeattle is a Seattle based lifestyle online magazine focusing on Luxury Living in the Northwest. We cover dining, wine, charity events, travel amongst other topics.
It has nothing to do with either knowledge or skill.
June 3 St Paul, MN Xcel Energy Center
Your book is important. You have invested time in it, and it deserves personal attention. Vantage is dedicated to publishing your book in the most professional manner. Learn about what sets Vantage Press apart here.
of frozen earth
Admiral Bruce Clingan; Admiral Samuel Locklear III, Commander, U.S. Naval Forces Europe-Africa, and Commander, Allied Joint Forces Command Naples; Admiral James Stavridis, NATO Supreme Allied Commander Europe and Commander, U.S. European Command; Admiral Jonathan Greenert, Chief of Naval Operations; and U.S. Army General Carter Ham, Commander, U.S. Africa Command at the February 24 command ceremony in Naples at which Clingan replaced Locklear as Commander, U.S. Naval Forces Europe-Africa and Commander, Allied Joint Forces Command.
I rolled around holding my belly and nibbling on an orange peel I found up the side of the cooker. Party Time began doing exercises.
“A former professional boxer jailed for his part in a brawl that led to the murder of a Sheffield teenager was today described as a ‘wasted talent’. One-time Brendan Ingle protege Khalid Shafiq, aged 21, was jailed for a year for joining a skirmish in Uropa nightclub that involved Owain Leeson, 17, who was later stabbed to death in the car park.Shafiq and Jason Khan Callaghan, 19, were filmed in a fight with Owain and his pal Dean Scott after they were ejected for fighting in the club. Owain was stabbed with a butcher’s knife by Damien Callaghan shortly after that exchange, which was branded by prosecuting barristers as ‘fighting for fighting’s sake’. Damien Callaghan last month started a life sentence for murder. Today, Shafiq’s former trainer Brendan said: ‘What a wasted talent. Khalid Shafiq was an absolute nightmare. He could have been brilliant but he just wanted to be a gangster. He was so good I got him to turn professional at 16 and got him a fight in South Africa with Frank Warren on a World Title bill. But he was nothing but trouble. Naseem Hamed hated him. I had to pull them apart once at the club. I tried to help him but I don’t win them all. It’s so sad.’Sheffield Crown Court heard how the skirmish broke out in the club when Mr Scott mistakenly drank some of Damien Callaghan’s pint. Jason Khan Callaghan punched Mr Scott in the face and Shafiq fought with a doorman as a brawl broke out and people were ejected. Shafiq fought Owain Leeson outside while Jason Khan Callaghan had an angry exchange with Scott.The court heard the pair knew nothing about the murder until Damien Callaghan boasted about it in Shafiq’s house in Nottingham Street, Pitsmoor, later that morning.Shafiq’s mum Carmelle wept as he was received a year in jail for two counts of violent disorder.”
Wong, who was speaking during the earth-breaking ceremony of Hun Nam Siang Tng Temple’s new building, said he met Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak two weeks ago to discuss the party’s winnable candidates in the coming parliamentary election.
May 31
The tenure process can have a “doom and gloom” aura, but Ruth made the path to tenure navigable, even enjoyable. She did so by explaining the expectations of the journalism school and the university, and how I could meet them.
Revolution - lyrics
When a new idea strikes, it's always so seductive. It trails its peacock-feather tail in front of you, casts 'follow-me' glances over its shoulder and poses provocatively in the half shadows. You can't quite make it out, but it's pregnant with promise. How can you resist?
Suddenly, the door creaked. I shot under the table as the Blaugas lit again. My hand clasped my shirt over my heart. I would’ve clutched it instead if I could to stop the deuced thumping. So loud. Had someone seen me? Hang it all.
Roberts, Michael “Boat People as Blanket Categories,” www.thuppahi.wordpress.com, 20 April 2010.
5) “Brings ______ to a gunfight.”
Romans 12:1-5 * Luke 2: 41-52
who are giving one of our winners a goody bag.
First off, I haven't posted because my cat was put down yesterday.
Matt Zandstra
Here’s a chart that I’ve used before, using international data to compare living standards in Venezuela, Argentina, and Chile since 1980. One nation (take a wild guess) has tried statism, one nation has tried a mix of statism and capitalism, and the other has tried capitalism.
Good friends, good company and the opportunity to throw a line at some mighty fine fish.
Something so simple, so fresh. Perfect for this time of the year.
It’s been a very mixed bag for me photography wise. On one hand for astrophotography I want totally clear skies but for landscape I’d prefer a cloudy sky or at least some clouds in the sky. Clouds give you options, slow the exposure down and you can streak the clouds, or if you’re lucky enough to get huge high contrast clouds it can give a shot real drama. Clouds also help a sunset along no end; a slightly cloudy sky will always yield a better sunset than a clear sky will.
Paul through inspiration penned Romans 8:38-39 which tells us,
Amber is the creative mind behind the blog. She designs beautiful quilts (just look at the quilts on her blog header!), tutorials and shares her huge talent with her readers. Her patterns are available for purchase, and she has a regular feature called "Sew Inspiring Rooms".
Today has been glorious. I needed that.
1. Support of Dictators: For all the happy talk of spreading Democracy and protecting human rights, the empire has repeatedly not only supported dictators, but in many cases overthrew popularly elected leaders and replaced them with puppet tyrants. Examples range from secretly funding the Nazis, to installing the Shah in Iran, Pinochet in Chile, supporting Musharraf in Pakistan, and their everlasting love affair with the brutal Saudi royal family, to name a few. Actions speak louder than words to those who can navigate the storm of propaganda with a moral compass set to recognize good from evil. Dictators and freedom cannot coexist.
like murder of Hatfield’s beloved brother; a New Year’s Massacre of the McCoy clan and burning of their home, which also sparked international headlines; a public clash between state governors; and ultimately the involvement of the United States Supreme Court.
At my ripening age I can still imagine I am one of the Famous 5, and what unravels will be a huge adventure. What I found instead was a story of love and a story of sadness.
I have made 3 buys already and I am super excited about all of them.
So the million dollar question is what will it cost? Well, I was surprised by how reasonable the prices were. The prices of the dresses range from £85 6o £160. Which is a lot for an everyday dress for the office, but a bargain for a special occasion frock. The bags, jewellery and shoes range from £18 to £100.
And he could tell, just by the way it felt in his hand, it was the short one.
I haven’t seen my dad in days, but who cares? He’s the one at fault for this mess anyway. My cousin told me to check my new sister’s head for dents when she comes home. No one is amused when I repeat this information to my Nana’s Jehovah’s Witness friends. Nana threatens me with the yardstick.
And too, I suppose I’m more of a hobby writer. I have my moments of absolute dedication, but it has to fit in my working life. I won’t deny I make a darned good income for my area, but I’ve incurred a lot of debt in raising my kids as a single parent. Paying my bills is my top priority.
18.Azerbaijan 18
Overcoming taunts and stares while seeking no special accommodation, the boy with an incomplete right arm played with "normal" little league teams. First as an outfielder, then as a pitcher where his years of throwing a ball against that garage started to pay off. He tossed a no-hitter in his first start. His first season, he struck out at least 2 batters per inning. Soon he was the first person selected, not the last.
Lord knows we've got a lot of 'em to make, and decorating is definitely more fun with you in our lives!
I have been practicing this lately and someone commented to me just yesterday, "I can't help but be happy in your company." and it reinforced for me that bringing light and seeing light all contribute to a happier space where others are lifted up with you rather than you brought down with them.
I feel most like myself when I ….
AND cross all fingers and toes that you don't get my name.
Now, my clock hands wouldn't come off,
Welcome to my wee photoblog on Glasgow, where we feature the joys and unjoys of walking and cycling through a fascinating, beautiful and often badly run city. For the blog's origin and a a list of all posts see the 'Introduction' post -
So you know how I love Make and Mingle!? Well they have another website called “lovekitsew.com/”
There will be more to come on L'avion soon,
Elizabeth is a Catholic write-at-home Mother of four from Long Island who shares poetry and prose family life and other topics of interest at The Divine Gift of Motherhood.
Thought you might like to see what I placed into the treat boxes. There is some sixlets and stick candy and these cute little voodoo doll keychains. I thought these fit the occasion and the boxes perfectly.
–HERMIT THRUSH, High River, Highwood River adjacent to George Lane Park, Peter Maksymiw
This is a lot of fun to discover new things about our camera! There is more to discover about the camera and some specifics as to how we can get the best out of them. Stay focused; we will capture some more details later this week!
Joe had no car. The trek to his six-to-ten-hour a week retail job required an hour bus slog each way, frequently meaning he had to rise at 4 am for a 6 am start.
* 1/4 cup butter
“Absolutely,” said Emily with a cautious smile. “The old form and content thing.”
It really was an incredible thing to hoot and holler for all the people finishing the race. The look on these people's faces was pretty cool to see, and with all the cheering I hope some of them felt like superstars. I figure you get back what you give, so if you throw out a little support to the world, it'll come back to you manifold.
If you are a serious foodie, you will recognize his name. He is considered by many to be the best chef in the world and is from these parts. He started his career as a dishwasher at a restaurant in the next town up the coast from Sitges. He became the head chef at El Bulli restaurant only 18 months after starting as a line cook there. El Bulli, which is about 1-1/2 hour drive north of here, was voted the #1 restaurant in the ‘Restaurant Top 50′ awards in 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009 and has been awarded 3 Michelin stars. Apparently you needed to compete to book a table a year in advance and even then you often did not get a table. However, he has recently closed it to pursue other ventures so Rob and I will never be eating there, even if we wanted to drop a small fortune to do so. However, we are going to eat at his brother’s restaurant in Barcelona (a much more casual tapas restaurant) next month!
Last Friday, Trisha, Emily and I ate out at Big Mamou-great Cajun food! Em is a rather shy young woman who giggles easily, while Trisha and I are old hands at hanging out, telling stories and laughing over a good meal and a drink. It rained when we arrived, then the sun blasted out. We giggled a lot and had a great time. I like nothing more than enjoying a good meal and drinks with good friends!
Hello Blog Friends!
prices good through 2/29/2012, maternity session must be redeemed by 6/30/2012
The fluttering at her belly gave way abruptly and she felt an odd weight at her ankles. Her horror at what lay at her feet was amplified by the large crowd of teenaged boys chasing around her. There, puddled at her shoes, was her black, lacy slip, newly bought from the lingerie department at JC Penney.
Pingy Alpha is out,It has Been tested on XP SP3 with .NET framework 4.0!
Working with John Hansell at Malt Advocate gave me a lot more chances to talk to Michael; he and John were good friends. Eventually I would wind up editing his column for the magazine. It was not something I looked forward to; Michael was a bit of a sloppy writer at times, largely because of the rush he was always in. MJ always had numerous pots boiling at the same time, a project here, a project there, trips, visits, lectures, editing, writing. He was immensely productive: multiple columns in print and on-line, books on beer and whisky, feature articles, video series, CDs. If it was about beer or whisky, he did it.
Yorkshire & Humber. 33.
This last track starts off with proper piano playing before evolving into a drone.
Mentally and emotionally, working and juggling Brayden with no real plan for him for each day has been tough. Working from home is not going like any of us thought (mostly due to some program issues) so I am really feeling the pressure at work. BUT since we didn't plan for it, I obviously didn't plan for Brayden's care thinking that I could work during nap time. That is proving to not be enough time to keep up, so it's been pretty draining trying to get to work. And just because busy season is here doesn't mean that I feel good about adding the chaos into Brayden's life.
But, damn it, The First Bayonet was good. And, as such, I swallowed whatever Cain-and-Abel complex I might have had and gave it a good review.
Sudan is part of the Third World nations, where the war has greatly affected the future of women for many decades. The impact of this is that many of women who come from Sudan arrive without basic educational skills. It’s greatly lowering their employment opportunities, as well as their ability to communicate and pursue further academic studies.
This Madonna and Child themed painting by Paul Gauguin served as sort of a starting point for a series of paintings depicting Polynesian religion. I picked this one to show to the kids mostly because of the bold colors. The children didn't pick up on the religious aspects, although that might have changed had we noticed the angel there behind the two figures at the center of the canvas. The focus was mostly on the mother figure, which we identified as a mother and a child, which we identified as her child. At some point one of the kids used the word "tropical" and that lead several of us to reflect on trips to Hawaii or Mexico.
Brewery Location: Lake Mills, WI
I commented as much and when I did, I felt compelled to give a shout out of my own to another site, Mean World Syndrome. As that site explains:
SUN. 9/28 - ANDREW'S BAD STUFF and more @ the OLD TOWNE PUB in Pasadena, 9pm. 66 N. Fair Oaks Ave. 626-577-6583. Rock.
Thanks George, we'll need it. And your last film seems to prefigure your sad end in its every move. The movie in the end is all about suicide being painless, and considerable film is unspooled happily detailing the methods of each member: One jumps out of a high rise window; another fails to link up his parachute, the annoying red-haired stepkid jumps off a bridge into oncoming highway traffic; Abby uses pills, and has the most psychedelic and scary of interludes after she's overdosed and suddenly can't tell if she's dead, dreaming, or has come back from the dead, is awake or asleep. Is she about to die in the land of the dead (as George raises a sacrificial knife over her heart) and thus be returned to the living? Or was it all a scam cooperated by the devil to steal her soul? Is she going to be buried alive with only a smiling George Sanders to know the undead Abby is not the real undead one? Dude, that is so Salvia!
I thought about applying my newly developing (I can't say "developed" yet, it is in progress though) machine quilting skills on this quilt, but I couldn't help going back to the idea of doing hand quilting with large stitches.
Bleah. You?
Number of Pages: 304
And there I was, making assumptions about her, and figuring that she was judging me and my child, when in fact that's what I was doing about her.
yesterday my shadow was in the form of a heron.. it sat on the edge of
Always Artichoke, So Saffron, Cajun Craze
Finally, I’d like to share some interesting reading materials I came across trawling for information:
June: The FDA ordered that the packaging for the stimulant Adderall include a warning about sudden cardiovascular deaths, especially in children with underlying heart disease.
Kitcat celebrated her 6th birthday just over a week ago. She was becoming so excited in the preceding weeks that she consciously tried to NOT think about it, her reasoning being that if she forgot all about her birthday then it would arrive more quickly!! She has such considerate sisters, though, who took turns with their brother to kindly remind her every morning and every evening that it was only "X" more weeks/days until her 6th birthday.
This is, as Gail put it, deeply satisfying.
Do I seek outside distractions?
Oh, we're starting with a height question are we? I'm tall enough to get on the roller coasters that you must be this tall to ride, with a teeny bit of spare change.
Hunt cancels a 2010 Meeting with James Murdoch telling Michel “very strong legal advice not to meet us today as the current process is treated as a judicial one”, but he can still contact him Via Mobile: “which is completely fine”.
The Jury of the 65th Festival de Canne will have to decide between the 22 films in competition in order to select the winners, to be announced on stage during the closing ceremony on May 27, culminating in the announcement of the Palme d’or.
A good reputation – Going after different types of testimonials for music marketing and booking.
Bluetongue Pilsner NSW Hunter Valley 330ml 4.5%
It is such a joy to watch her take on life with so much zest. At her age she is one of the most daring mothers I have come across. Always ready to try and do something new. She even enrolled herself in a Spanish language course lest her wanderlust should take her to the land of Flamenco dancers.
April 11 is National Pet Day. Topper, my golden retriever, will have a special treat in honor of the day. The cats--well, they think every day is Pet Day. They're cats.
Ironically Johann Lamont hit the nail on the head when she said:
This tutorial is a side track to my schedules tutorials. Yes, I have a calendar for all my DIY projects and post. I just started this in April and what a differences. It helps me stay on track, because I am a bit OCD. I don't have an update on my Chair frenzy, but I found inspiration on this next project and wanted to share with you all. Back in October, 2011 I did a wall art and today I am going to show you my latest wall art creation.
Just like a real language, chat-speak is evolving. Is this, however, a good thing, or are these acronyms polluting our language?
Identification Darkish overall; title a little bit hotter darkish than relax of upperparts. Strong neck outlined by a specific damaged band of darkish spots; no black area on chest, as opposed to the canyon. Lores same coloring as neck, comparison with cheek; heated sugar-cinnamon undertail coverts . Juvenile: slight sugar-cinnamon side bars; slight streaking below.
So, we go see what is transpiring in the Kit Kat Klub and we fight a fight ring surrounded by a huge crowd. In the ring is the Blonde Spitfire going up against Bertha (weighing in at 267 pounds). Bertha punches the ringmaster and throws knives at the Spitfire (Stiletta). Stiletta dodges the knives and then pulls a whip, smacking Bertha in the face. Bertha charges her and the tussle continues on.
www.sampara.com
I think the trifecta of good looking skin ( outside of avoiding stress and exhaustion hahaha! ) is:
Since my last post on Victorian etiquette seemed fairly popular (and I am shamelessly angling for an audience), I decided to look again at the manner and morals of the late 19th century. And as it turns out, they’re not very different from the rules we still follow today.
Camping tomorrow and I feel rubbish. Damn germs. I'm dousing them in ginger shots and Dr Juice, which means I can at least keep going, but yeah I do yearn to just go to bed. Soon, not much more to do;
I know, its been a looong time since I updated this (I'm sorry and yes I have been punished by the torture-bots for this).
We headed home to wait for mr bug man. He didn't show. AGAIN. I called after 45 minutes and the guy on the phone (who scheduled the appt on Monday) says to me, "THEY have you down as an anytime today." Hmm, funny that "they" is "you". I didn't argue or say anything but just explained kindly that I needed the guy to come to check out some issues we have had in the bathroom which is why we had scheduled an actual time. Ok, well he'll be there in an hour. Three hours later he knocks on my door.
Level 30: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 20%.
Our higher self’s invitation
Today, the plan was to go to Blackburn to Waves with my friend and toddler #2. As we all know, plans can go horribly wrong… As ours did, when we got there in time to find out we only had 20 minutes left before they closed until 6pm! We were running late, so if we had got the original train we were aiming for, we would have been OK, but as it was, we weren’t.
with fragrant goodnight lips,
-2-3 Eggs scrambled with green onion, onion powder, garlic powder, and a touch of salt. Lately I’ve been adding a tiny sprinkle of light cheese for taste.
It is the immense absence in an abandoned city,
The Skinny: NHS providers face a significant challenge to deliver the efficiency savings that the current economic environment demands.The National QIPP Procurement Workstream, aims to support trusts in achieving £1.2bn savings through improved procurement.
I was wondering if my extra weekend work, which is crucial for my students and their families, for which I am not paid anything extra, ever, at all, will affect my rating. I know it's meaningful, I know it's important, I know it helps families understand their child's strengths and weaknesses and how they can support their children with school work much more than the test score they will receive in the summer or fall of this year. But what I don't know is how you can really know how hard I, and thousands of teachers across this city, work to ensure our students' success, based on a number from 1 through 4, that these 8 year old children will get as a result of three or four hours of testing in April.
Wasserman-Schultz: check your facts!
Here are the results
Statham’s Luke Wright manages to come away with Mei – and eventually he’s going to piece the whole thing together.
The big blue thing on the left is the stamp, sorry for the shadows, it was super sunny this day!
my sweet little Sammy as a baby- about 5 months old. Seriously cute!
Mama Pea is funny, creative, and a whiz in the kitchen. I have become nearly obsessed with her blog (not like, stalker obsessed, but more like inspired obsessed). She is a mom of two young kids and I feel a kinship with her. She's HILARIOUS. She understands being in jammies all day and not knowing what 'good hair days' are anymore. She finds her kids wearing costumes...bathing suits...tutus...whatever they can find. And, she's working hard to feed her family healthy meals and teach her young girls how to make good food choices. LOVE her!
pay you 17 dollars.
Pepper & red chili flakes to taste
Campaigning in Toronto in 2004, Mr. Harper challenged the business community to stop receiving government subsidies, making it a condition of lowering business taxes.
On weekends when Monday is a federal holiday, there will be no mail for three days (!).
professional and clean with no visible mistakes.
I love books. I love it even more when I can score them on the cheap. One of my favorite things to do is scour thrift store bookshelves, treasure hunting for living books that are on our reading queue. Whenever I spot a title we need but don't have I snatch it up quickly, looking around somewhat amazed that no one else has. Ah, the rush that follows...
Speaking of which, too many visits to the scale can lead to frustration. The scale is not the best measure of your healthy lifestyle results. Focus on your energy, how your clothes fit and the scale will show the results of your work in time. Our body weight fluctuates regularly so measuring every day or multiple times a day will not be an accurate reflection of your hard work.
The two kegs are still sitting in the closet because there isn't any room in the kegerator at the moment. I haven't even checked the final gravities on them because all my picnic taps are in use. The Prince of Orange Pale and the Cream Ale are really ready to keg as well. I know that up to three of my kegs in the kegerator are getting down to where I only need to bottle a few and the keg is empty.
Hold the fly under the warm water tap for a while will make it more streamlined and you will see why I liked to bond the hair with the head with Bug Bond like I did, it makes a more seamless transition between head and hair.
Speaking of borrows, Amazon just announced that the per-borrow royalty for February will be $2.01, up from both the $1.60 amount in January and $1.70 in December. That figures, as both my Select books had more borrows in those other months :o). Still, not complaining at all, since that amount is comparable to the 70% royalty for a $2.99 book and the Steel Magnolia authors had a fair number of borrows overall.
One of the inevitable things in life is that we age, and our bodies change as we age. Some people age better than others. Me, I look younger than my age, but I certainly look matronly now. I joke that I look like a Portuguese mother now. Of course, I am a Portuguese mother!
Until…a silent predator stayed for a visit. It’s name? Depression. You see, I had effectively submerged deep-rooted emotional scars left from an earlier time in my life but–for some reason–those feelings weren’t willing to be contained any longer. I became someone I no longer knew. Anger, anxiety, and fear became my constant companions.
I’m hoping to attend a conference in Pietermaritzburg in July on the topic of Migration, mission and theological education.
Because really - no one sews a seam like an eight-year-old Nicaraguan girl.
It’s a little before the witching hour and, clearly, the night – this night – is still young. Fast backwards.
This face,
I did not write this, I am just RE-Pressing this, I think it is re-blogging, not so sure lets give it a go!
Purple Brazill cs measures 4.25" x 5.50". I used the cloud techique on the white mat with blue ink. The grass was cut from Everyday Paper Dolls and embossed with Swiss Dots through the cuttlebug. I stamped the Peachy Keen Flowers and colored them with my copics and cut them out and put them on pot dots. The cloud was cut from April Showers and emblossed with Devine Swirls. I then glittered the swirls with stickles.
My fourth and final box that arrived was just as exciting as the previous three. In the contents this week was roasted seeds, fruit sangria, pear tatan and healthy nuts. Yum! There was a fruit in the ‘Fruit Sangria’ that seemed like dried juicy strawberries, they were delicious!
I mentioned this to Mimi yesterday and felt I would share... She had mentioned that I was so "stinkin' busy" and yeah, I guess I was/is/whatev. But now that the wedding is past, I've realized how neglected our house had become. Every spare minute was to make that day special and it had nothing to do with our house, so that fell by the wayside.
But in the Duchy of Metaphor, if you ever want some (more) bracing, of any kind, smallish or largeish, the Duke of Metaphor (aka yer dad, sometimes known as me) is always reachable and ready to assist. And the Duke is a stone-cold, awesome genius, yo! He can figure shit out like a motherfucker! Remember dat!
90. I recently discovered the joy of shopping at ROSS. Why did it take me so long?
Sent: Tuesday, December 02, 2008 8:54 PM
I know there is
Which means we have 2 winners this time! So we popped our numbers into mr Random and for our 1st prize from Dis digis the lucky winner is ........57 Claire
To assemble the salad, wash the lettuce and shake dry. Divide among plates and top with apple, eggs, bacon, cheese, turkey, and carrots. Drizzle on dressing.
I mean I’m always open to new experiences and to get to know new people,
I guess that this is my way of saying that despite the often-maddening non-linear nature of Inland Empire, Lynch has succeeded in creating a universe that is almost utterly absorbing. Not that it really makes much logical sense in the end, though perhaps like Eraserhead and the final section of Mulholland Drive (not to mention some of the dream sequences in Twin Peaks), the film’s dreamlike un-logic is what makes watching so compulsive. At least, this is true for me – I can see how some people might not make it through the first half hour, though the beginning of the film is probably the part that makes the most sense. After the first third, we’re really on our way down the rabbit hole – something like the paradigm shift at the center of Lost Highway, only on a much more massive scale.
My children gave these 'Movie Night Goodies' as host/hostess gifts to the children we visited for parties or dinner. We filled these with popcorn and old-fashioned candy like Milk Duds, Jr. Mints, lemon drops, etc...
In my old job, I was a manager in charge of hiring employees. I never had a desire to be scary or “keep people in their place” as a boss, so I was just myself — silly, spontaneous, making jokes throughout the interview, laughing OFTEN, and pulling pranks on the employees as soon as they hit the salesfloor. It occurred to me I might try being a bit more professional, so one day I decided to try being quiet and professional. I did it successfully, but of course it didn’t last, and I was laughing, pulling pranks and generally making mischief within days. The employee I had hired chuckled at the change and said she thought I was cold and unapproachable when she first met me, and much preferred me as I really was. I found that hysterical because I’d tried so hard to be quiet and presentable. (Of course I laughed!)
18 What Kind Of Girl Do You Think We Are 6:45
Lied to us, blinded they slaved us,misplaced us, strengthen us, hardened us then
Miyu lives in an apartment and has half a kid with Billy Joe Armstrong. She makes 9.2 bil as a gangster and takes her pet hamster with her as she rides across town on her child’s back.
Paedophillic undertones? For clarity, start them young on DEMOCRATIC non-APARTHEID, UNHCR and Islamic non-Asabiya principles.
Each breath is a joy
You can also see that the threads aren't anywhere near the top of the heddle slots, either -- they are close to the holes. They get closer and closer as the back dowel is advanced between the back beam and the heddle, as that limits the angle they can move through.
It’s full time work though. For the first time in like 2.5 years (that’s how long I’ve been working FT one place or another)…it’s hit me. Life is now at that stage where it’s serious.
After a bit of internal analyzing, I have mapped this crossin’ off love back to my high school drama teacher. She always carried a yellow steno-pad with her. IT kept track of everything from to-do set building, to to-do PTA needs for our current production.
As my husband and I talked about it I said to him, "It really is hard not to judge people when they make such dumb decisions."
Since there are only two of us, that leaves a fair amount of meat to contemplate. Sometimes, say when my fatigue is the main thing on the menu, I simply toss the container into the refrigerator, promising myself I’ll think about it tomorrow. Then I crawl into bed to recover from my big adventure at the grocery store while Ned heads upstairs to catch up on the hundred emails that came in while we were gone.
Whether you be one of our ' Followers', one of our 'team bloggers', one of our 'SIBOLETTES'.
