We’re not a different species
“All alone?” Jeth mentioned.
In the opinion of someone with an interest in politics, it lacked more detail of the issues she faced during her premiership, but presumably this is to attract larger appeal with populations who are increasingly unable (or unwilling) to understand current affairs or the history of them.
Riley ran to the linen closet upstairs to grab some towels to clean up the mess.
APOSTLES VALUE CHARACTERS (transformations of the hearts):
The United States of America has long been an influencing force globally and, for most of the past 100 years, a positive force. I would argue that the ripples caused by Rosa Parks when she sat on the “wrong” part of the bus in Montgomery, Alabama, on December 1, 1955 ultimately led to the over-throw of aparteid in South Africa in 1994 – almost 40 years later. Certainly, for Ireland, the Civil Rights movement in the US led to The Contraceptive Train in May 1971, when women travelled by train to Belfast to buy contraceptives and smuggle them into the jurisdiction of the Republic of Ireland.
Remember to EMAIL your name, email address so I can contact you, city, state, and what motivated you to donate to: manicmommy@comcast.net. Photos will be posted every Sunday!
My dad and I just got back from a mammoth walk.
Unfortunately his findings did not please the prejudice of the establishment of the day. Galileo felt that all he had to do was to show everybody that Copernicus was correct and everything would be alright. His second mistake was that he could leave the fairly safe Republic of Venice and return to his native Florence, protected by his incredibly reputation as an inventor and salesman, and now scientist and writer. Sadly this would prove to be fatal.
Long Shirt- Off Shoulder Shirt- Mr. Poet
I just wanted to update you all after my last post! Things are better. I was able to talk about how I was feeling and get it all out and honestly, I think I am for the most part over it. It sucks when the old part of my life comes sneaking in. It’s hard to fight that urge to fall back into that depression, back into the why did this have to happen to me pity party. Hey, the first step to growing is admitting what is wrong right?! One step at a time- that is all I can do!
This article (posted in 2 parts) will explore a triple-murder scene, equivalent to the Griekwastad case and based on information the media has already made public. The emphasis will be mainly on ballistic-related evidence and phenomenon.
It seems to be Catch 22. I am not happy with my husband, but fearful of the damage a divorce could cause my children. Then again, I see the damage that my mother has done to my father, and to me and my brother, and I fear that this could also just get worse for my children over time. Am I naive to think that I can manage and/or lead my husband somehow? The man with whom I truly would like to be companion – whom I have dubbed “amazing” … has been trying to lead his wife who is hateful, verbally abusive, and deprives him sexually. Perhaps he has been more successful in many ways – at least on the surface “converting” her spiritually, but bottom line is that he keeps wanting things to be different, for her to treat him well, give him what he needs and she is not capable of this. Instead, she craves attention of hundreds of facebook “friends” and others in her world – craving popularity. She is not unlike my husband in that way, wanting to be the center of attention. Their primary differences are gender. Amazing is delusional that things can be better for them; and perhaps I am too with my husband. Yet, I still want to be with amazing, and have an amazing, bonding, loving, fulfilling companionship with him and our children. So we are torn between Faith and circumstance. Teachings of the Church would tell us to continue to manage as we have been, to make the most of it, neglect our needs and put others first, right? I do not know. Yet, if those in our lives would be more like Christ and less selfish, things would be better, right? But our spouses are not capable of this and both are often “vulgar and classless.”
*M*
I went to the store to buy feminine product and a ga-zillion tins o' cat food. I don't know why I found that to be such a funny scene at the grocery store check-out line....
There’s also the issue of Jesus. I’m not sure, but something tells me Jesus would not be wearing a Slayer shirt, reek of alcohol and tobacco, curse at me if he had late fees, pre-order the latest episode or Halo, or rent Mega-Shark vs. Giant Octopus. I could be wrong. Seeing Jesus in the face of customers who refuse to buy their children candy (‘because that junk food is bad for you’) but then rent or buy them Hot Tub Time Machine because, evidently, their minds don’t matter, is impossible. I’m not opposed to seeing Jesus there or meeting God or creating holy space, but, to be sure, it requires some imagination. I do not know if I have that sort of intestinal fortitude.
Here’s the good news from the race at Talladega, Dodge got it’s first victory in three decades at the monster track. Yep. Over 30 years Dodge ran 0-for-too many. We also have secured another driver for the Chase this year come September. Brad Keselowski notched up his second victory of the season, joining Tony Stewart and Matt Kenseth.
The real temple area – the Sanctuary – was for ritually pure priests and Levites. Nice music, prayer and sweet smelling incense for them only.
We could see the hotel where the wedding would be from the ferry. It was a very fancy hotel with a beautiful view of the city from huge wrap-around windows, with flowers everywhere, paper lanterns hanging from the high ceilings . . . That's a big difference with French weddings, they tend to be in small village halls here. Though I suppose in bigger cities ballrooms in hotels might be common. Restaurants are common here too, for smaller groups. Out where I live, it's usually in the multipurpose room across the square from the town hall. I feel like in the states, the venue is extremely important. Tons of flowers in lush interiors, urban lofts with ice sculptures, lights galore in a marquee in the woods. Here, the food seems to take center stage, in functional rooms with tile floors and nice but not overly ambitious decorations. And really, all of this could be regional. I have been to a wedding at a chateau, which was lovely, but there aren't tons of chateaux in the area, so maybe other more chateau-y regions have nicer reception halls. And I'll bet people who live closer to the beach in France use it for weddings. At least, I hope they do!
Unlike Harris, Rosen will fight for small businesses, not multi-billion dollar corporations. She knows that strengthening small businesses will create many jobs and get the economy back on track.
Don't wanna go back to that place
Cricket podcast is the action indoor cricket through which they can always remain connected to their favorite game. Fans have started attaching their emotions with the play indoor cricket and results of the indoor cricket nets is completely free to express all that he has not played well. The game of cricket. It would require a whole book to document all their interests, which are sometimes pretty immoral and unpalatable to talk about facts from the stumps indoor cricket a match goes on. In fact it is completely free to express his most coveted feelings. The invention of cricket board. Now current president is Shard Pawar.
Projection (Magic, Psionic)
I had my knee worked on a couple of days ago so I am gimping around butt I am sure in a couple more days I will be right as rain.
The summer of our wedding drew on toward the September date. We were an untraditional wedding couple in many ways. We were both long gone forth from the homes of our parents, and we'd lived together for several years. Neither of us had living mothers to create the framework (or hysteria) of some weddings. So our wedding, as I have mentioned here, was planned and executed by our own ingenuity and the breathtaking generosity of our families and friends. We were registered nowhere; there was no list of desired small appliances, no selected patterns of silver or china. In any case the only china I wanted was the simple pattern of my childhood - the cheery pink roses of my grandmother's Franciscanware. But my grandmother was gone and I had no connection with my father, and in any case, there were bigger fish to fry. My friend Tracey was making my dress; my aunt would make the lovely wedding cake. Rodney's brother would pay for the beer, and his oldest childhood friend furnish the limo. You know all this; I've told you the tale before. And it was pretty much all I talked about, as brides do, and there on the corner of Charlotte Street and Cathedral Place, I talked about it with all the Booksmith regulars. They listened, told their own wedding stories, wished us well, and bought their books.
Sunshine in Melbourne is worth its weight in gold. I am originally from Perth, where social gatherings are dominated by the outdoors. Melbourne is a different story, owing to the unpredictable weather! So its really lovely to be able to stare out across the river and lounge around on the grass, kick the football and, as we discovered, spray the birthday boy with champagne!
Bush's florid art-pop, outlandish image and lofty lyrical
All of them seem to be doing good. They're all very small, and want to explore all of their new home, but they're babies so they also just can't resist falling asleep! They go run all over their cage and then start getting sleepy and doze off and fall on their nose. Then one of the chicks wakes up and starts cheeping and then the other chick gets woken up and then she goes back to sleep (in a better position.) They're SO, SO, SO cute!!!! :D
Have a wonderful & creative day
Mass is the golden key of heaven, God the Father gives it to you, and with it we may have all other blessings if we will. If then we find ourselves poor in virtue the fault must be ours, for God, by this key, opens his treasures to us, and would liberally bestow them upon, did we not hinder him by not disposing ourselves to receive them. If we draw but little advantage from Holy Mass, it is our own fault; if our debts are still great, it is a sign we do not take care to pay them by the means God has so bountifully furnished us with.
hissing low;
If you take a look at the clips I’ve uploaded first you’ll notice that we like to laugh a lot. Why would you stand in the middle of a field during England’s coldest winters if you didn’t want to have some fun?
But ... there is a price to be paid. To get the artwork scanned you have to ever so, ever so, evvverrrr so carefully pull the artwork off it's backing board. In the 1980's illustrators could buy artboard specifically for this purpose - it was called stripper board and you would pull up the corner and then gently roll the corner away from you using a cardboard tube to wrap the thing around. This is what seems to have happened with Barr's painting, only the board he created the picture on was not being as co-operative as the person tasked to perform this operation might have hoped and it looks like the operative placed with this delicate task might had substituted an object of much smaller radius to anchor the paper on as he rolled it off it's board.
This inter-disciplinary and multi-disciplinary
So I have done this lesson 3 times now. Sometimes in black and white and sometimes in color. I almost always let the kids do the hand shading with pencil so they can erase. Sophie Wagner Max back at Waunakee Middle School again has students use textiles from around the world to inspire their backgrounds.
Mr Young is a very good shopping companion. He truly is. Not for clothes or cosmetics or handbags or shoes, admittedly – although he does make a pretty decent stab at pretending to look interested for the first five minutes, with some vague pointing gestures and the occasional what about that one? comment.
You have also started sleeping in your own room. To be honest, we just started this last Friday so it's only been a few nights, but it still counts. I know, I know. We probably should've moved you to your room earlier, but I wanted you near me (and still do). Let's just say it's probably harder on Mama than it is on you. I may or may not be sleeping in the floor of your room right now ;-). I just find it comforting to have you near me. But I guess moving you to your room is just a part of you growing up. I'm going to be a hot mess when you move away to college. Maybe you should just go to UT and live at home....just kidding! I would never allow that. You're going to be an Aggie!
HUNTSVILLE, Texas — Anthony Bartee received a stay of execution this afternoon with about two hours to spare.
at one point, dato' gave me a 'reality check'. he made me think, and he made me realise how i've strayed from my intention.
So please Heavenly Father,
God told the Dogwood that the burden that was carried would be carried only one time, and from that time on Dogwoods would be knarly small trees with poor timber size so not Dogwood could be used in this manner again, God told the Dogwood that the Dogwoods would now be responsible for
When we arrived in Cuba, I looked at the landscape. It was beautiful. First, we went to visit their families, they were so friendly. But we could not spend the night with their families, it was forbidden. That surprised me, but unfortunately that was not the only meaningless law in the country. The myth of communism fell when I reached Cuba. In my opinion, if Che Guevara saw Cuba today he would feel disappointed. On the other hand, I must say that people are much happier in Cuba than in Europe. In fact, everything is different.
It's a really interesting beer, but if both these brewers are 'cuckoo' brewers, then I'd like to know where they made it...
"It's the big day," I whisper.
Nazim has refused to comment on the matter.
So what's been happening? How's my "one little word" project going? Ummm, next question ... no, really, if I just had a printer attached to my brain I could produce a book. Lots of books! So yes I've been doing lots of thinking and have some ideas about how I will present my OLW for 2011 but haven't actually produced anything tangible ... yet. Stay with me though, wont you.
One pkg (5 yards) Simply Sage Luster Baker's Twine
Margaret Walcott, Ann's cousin, is desperately in love and consumed with fiery jealousy. She is torn between staying loyal to her friends and pursuing the life she dreams of with her betrothed.
Yet on the other hand, your family’s open condemnation of homosexuality and your pestering feelings of guilt are not helping you and I think these could do a lot of harm as you learn about the best way to proceed. Talk to a counselor. I would highly advise speaking with a therapist who is skilled in sexual orientation and sexuality counseling. You are carrying a lot on your shoulders and unreasonably so. You need guidance and community to help you find others going through a similar challenge. You are not alone!
Moab!!! For Easter my family went to Arizona, but because of seminary teaching I couldn't go.. however my new bestie Megs and I planned a trip to Moab... We didn't want to leave anyone out, so we invited the whole ward! I knew that not everyone would come because of family plans... but we ended up with 28 people! It was a total party! We stayed at my parents house and we just played :)
April 20th:
You keep your mother up-to-date so she doesn't look like a dud and supply all my clothes!!
JCK would like to say that she behaved like a grown-up parent. Calm, cool, collected, and unruffled when her son spoke those words. Mommy, I know what the "F" Word is. Indeed, not.
Overall, I enjoy the film. Just won’t rave about it. Joss Whedon is still no Christopher Nolan. Or Bryan Singer.
Imperi-Ale 5.0 was launched last week and Kevin’s customers are loving it. There’s still a few kegs left, but you should probably beat a hasty path down to Backstreet Brewery in Vista if you want to taste this break out, all Oregon grown hops beer. Hey, to those of you who might’ve stereotyped IH as an aroma only outfit, we can go big with the alpha, too!
-pros/cons of all of the above
I love Peggy’s room, especially her “rabbit shrine” and her glass crystals that catch the sunlight and throw hundreds of rainbows.
I saw a story on ABC News this week that talked about a study that showed that a father's roughhousing is important to development of children. With roughhousing fathers demonstrate to their children appropriate measure of winning and losing. From rough play with dad, children learn to test their limits; they learn to discover their identity.
1/2 t. almond extract
-”She made me grow this tree .It was my birthday gift.She told me when people , birds and even ants eat its fruit ,they’ll pray for .she was taking care of her,and never got tired of that.”
I'm looking forward to reading the sequels! Finally, in the spirit of The Lucky 13s, do you have a favourite superstition?
Angela Houtz, 27, La Plata, Md.
Good luck, everyone!!!
That sweetness, raised to intensely rich heights from a sumptuous malt base of wonderfully aggressive potency, would surely become overwhelming to the palate if taken in too enthusiastically, and too often.
A few minutes later, Crunch pelted her in the face again.
God, irony upon ironies.
Today’s Thought:
In 1974, now partnered with Pattie (they would not actually marry until 1979) and no longer using heroin (although starting to drink heavily), Clapton put together a more low-key touring band that included Radle, Miami guitarist George Terry, keyboardist Dick Sims, drummer Jamie Oldaker, and vocalists Yvonne Elliman and Marcy Levy (also known as Marcella Detroit). With this band Clapton recorded 461 Ocean Boulevard (1974), an album with an emphasis on more compact songs and fewer guitar solos; the cover version of “I Shot The Sheriff” was Clapton’s first #1 hit and was important in bringing reggae and the music of Bob Marley to a wider audience. The 1975 album There’s One in Every Crowd continued this trend. The album’s original title, The World’s Greatest Guitar Player (There’s One In Every Crowd), was changed before pressing, as it was felt its ironic intention would be misunderstood. The band toured the world and subsequently released the 1975 live LP, E.C. Was Here.[36] Clapton continued to release albums and toured regularly. Highlights of the period include No Reason to Cry (a collaboration with Bob Dylan and The Band); Slowhand, which featured “Wonderful Tonight” (another song inspired by Boyd);[37] and a second J.J. Cale cover, “Cocaine“. In 1976 he performed, alongside a string of notable guests, to pay tribute to the farewell performance of The Band, filmed in a Martin Scorsese documentary called the Last Waltz.
Princess Victoria: Not just them. Uncle Leopold. The king. I’m sure half the politicians are ready to seize hold of my skirts and drag me from square to square.
The claims made within the petition were both misleading and false.
Blackberries (Rubus species) on Hawaii are non-native alien pests, and in several places they are considered highly invasive and need to be controlled. We came across some enormous, ripe berries in Poli Poli Springs on Maui. They tasted great, but the blackberry canes were very large, and very spiny. On Kauai, people were hiking at Kokee State Park and covered in scratches from the blackberry canes. Hikers are encouraged to report the blackberry infestations to the park employees for removal and control. Blackberries are spread by birds and by underground growth of the roots. While they make a great trailside edible, they do not belong in Hawaii and we can see how they could easily take over whole areas. Blackberries like to grow in disturbed areas like trails and open fields.
In honour of skin cancer awareness month, check out UV Skinz to find amazing UV protection clothing/swimwear for all ages! Don't forget to use the code BLOGS15 to receive a 15% discount on your order and enjoy your free baby swim shirt!
I am trying to decide if, when and how I should reach out to this couple. I don't want to overstep my bounds as I have never met them. Hell, I don't even know their names. Do I give them a list of resources; online forums, grief support groups, my phone number? Do I send them a card via the sitter?
However, I have never made anything like these. Not only that, I have never eaten one either. They always look incredibly fiddly to make and I have immense admiration for anyone who does make them. They’re on my bucket list for a day when I’m feeling brave and frivolous.
Well, there you go.
I am trying to stay positive and think positive that Dave and I will have a take home baby.
First, I traced my letter templates onto the dull side of freezer paper. Each template is marked with a letter and number...I added BG to indicate a piece that should be cut from background fabric. Cut templates on the line....
I think he got as much of a kick out of showing off for the Bagleys clerks as he did presenting the gift later to my mother, who would usually get very upset because of the expense.
I thought there were only three,so I was delighted when I got home and unpacked them(they were like Russian dolls..one inside the other) to find there were five!
For my latest CREATIVE EXPRESSIONS DT piece I've decorated a canvas and the frame that came with it using the fabulous Eco Green Garden Chic stamp set. They're lovely stamps to use and are made from recycled rubber.
If there were only water amongst the rock
I’m glad this episode picks up almost immediately where the first one left off. That lends itself to compelling storytelling in my opinion. I hope the trend continues throughout the run of the show, but I’ll have to wait and see since I’m only two episodes in. Oddly enough, there is no actually game footage in this episode which both surprised me and impressed me. I think it would be pretty easy for the writers to make sure that a portion of a football game was present in every episode and I’m glad they didn’t do that. Of course, I expect there will be plenty of football to be seen, but I’m pleased with the tone the writers have set so far.
Today is the 100th anniversary of Franz Reichelt’s attempt to fly in Paris on the 4th February 1912. His choice of venue to demonstrate his solo flying contraption? The Eiffel Tower. The results? Not good.
And exulted at how either of us could for each other proclaim,
Lunch was a blur of mystery meat and milk. She didn’t taste a morsel. All she could think about was Brad finally knowing how she felt. She had watched a movie on television about a woman who was in love with a man, only he didn’t know it. This woman had sent him a letter anonymously, but the man knew it was from her. He rushed to her and professed his deep and eternal love and they lived happily ever after. Gladys figured if it worked on the black and white screen then it would work in Mrs. Perkins third grade class room.
Their father twisted one of his old fencing trophies and Sam nearly fell backward as the bookcase slid open with a hiss to reveal a second, smaller room. It was like something out of a spy movie, but in her own house. She clutched Abby's hand as if it could save her from drowning. Nothing was normal about this.
"Frankly, professor, what are you trying to do with this work we are helping you to complete?"
Given the impressive nature of the rest of their range, such a message was enough to fully capture my vivid imagination.
Perfume Genius
At least I think it will be. We had a productive first meeting last night, and began inking dates. Note that the following "thinking out loud" list involves ONLY those marquee events sponsored by local brewing companies. Obviously, there'll be much more to this celebration, as fleshed in during the coming months ... so stay tuned.
Professor Rosemary Hickman, surgeon for more than 30 years at Groote Schuur, said it is a pity that political agenda should triumph over the dedication and hard work of Hamilton Naki - a wonderful opportunity to portray the result of hard work has been undone by making Hamilton a political pawn.
Its Sunday :O) Now whilst most people have a day off work today. Here at One Stitch At A Time we have been creating cards to hopefully inspire you to join in with our superdooper new challenge.
They are, in no particular order:
For information on the Fiesta Sport Challenge please visit www.fiestasporttrophy.co.uk
President Kennedy. And never would he have used
a search and rescue playing dramatically
Newspapers have been in the news a lot lately. In case you haven’t heard, newspapers across the country are having a hard time staying financially afloat. Publishers are taking steps like laying off staff, creating online-only editions and outsourcing copy desks. With all these changes, it’s a good time to think about the future of copy editing and ask what role copy editors play in saving journalism.
I am taking the summer terms off to spend it with my kids. I am hoping to have lots of fun activities to do with them including swimming, taking them to the park, having playdates with friends, and hopefully a few little family day trips as well.
The Coney Island History project has launched a new exhibit about the Dreamland fire. you can read more about that in this New York Post article.
Then I immediately followed up with a phone call. Don’t think I’ve ever had anyone so desirous to get off of the phone with me that quiickly. At least not in decades.
We’re working to make sure that families and communities across this country have access to quality affordable foods. You all know this. Millions of Americans are living in food deserts. They don’t have access to the kind of food that they need to live a healthy life. And we can’t begin to have this conversation about healthier living for our kids if their families don’t have access and can’t afford the foods that they need. (Applause.)
Over feeding our beloved equine is abuse just like under feeding. Founder, laminitis, abscesses can appear after the equine has eaten too much grass or grain and in some cases abscesses can just happen. Learn the body score of your donkey, horse and mule your vet can help you. Please ensure your equine is at his optimum body weight, laminitis is preventable as our domesticated equine (donkeys, horses and mules) depend on their human partner to keep them at the healthy weight, with play and exercise.
I HOPE that I am the Whimsey that challenges her.
Share your favorite dessert recipe or gift giving tip that includes their brand and you could win a $50 Visa Gift Card!! It's easy: "Like" their Facebook page and click on the "Sweepstakes" tab. You should so enter!!
KALI
This past Monday as we had summer like weather, I have decided to take out some of my summer clothing and show you all a typical summer outfit would look like. The pieces I have on in the photos, I have bought a couple years ago so I am not sure if they will still have similar pieces.
To get that i need you to get at least 30 meetings with key decision makers.
And what to make of the insta-popularity accorded films like The Departed, Mystic River, The Boondock Saints, and now The Town? Why this sudden deluge of Shamrock Guidos acting tough on the mean streets of Baahston — celluloid sons of Whitey Bulger and Mickey Featherstone who enact provincial rites of manly violence and throw the stink-eye at anybody Not From The Neighborhood?
"Were going to play Wire, i love this song"
If you’ve ever taken your cat to the vet, this has probably crossed your mind: Aren’t there a lot of germs floating around in this place? Suddenly you’re aware that your healthy and fanatically clean pet could pick up a communicable disease.
She had the classic good looks I associated with Parisian women of twenty-five years ago, an image driven home by European cinema: Catherine Deneuve in Belle du Jour, Dominique Sanda in The Conformist.
* DARK GODDESS carries on the story of Billi SanGreal and The Templars and their fight with the Unholy. What inspired you in the writing of DARK GODDESS?
My brother in law called me. My mother in law called and sent me an early-morning text. My best friend called from New York and then called back when the connection was bad. Jed called for Chinese food. My mom didn’t call. Nobody cried that I can recall.
Which all leads me to feeling guilty that I will now be spending the money saved from selling my stories on cover graphics instead of tipping Dean, so, in the meantime, I will keep telling everyone that visits my blog about Dean Wesley Smith and how he is earning an income on his writing and telling others. Hopefully, my linking to his site will help raise his profile in Google to lead others to his site, at least until I can send him a tip or two.
EVEN as the 3,000-odd MCA (Malaysian Chinese Association) delegates celebrate the party’s 63rd anniversary at Wisma MCA tomorrow, their minds are already on how next year’s celebration will fare.
Lego Juris A/S v Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market, Mega Brands Inc. Case C 48/09 P, 14 September 2010
Preferred post date: (must choose your own post date)
Megan sent me this lovely black necklace (along with something else that I'll be showing later on this week). Thank you so much, hon!
Bea cocked her head to one side and raised her eyebrows. “You’re not alone, we’re all here together.”
I am so grateful, especially at this moment, for the connections and possibilities to be found in this otherworldly cyber space. But it's interesting having to let go of it once in a while. Like a step back in time.
HUNTINGTON: It’s why we signed on. We were told that we wouldn’t just be remaking the series.
You know my credit is good.
The main bulk of the film focuses on Mr. Brooks’ battle of wits with Mr. Smith (Dane Cook), who caught him in a photograph the night of his last kill. Mr. Smith does not go to the police and instead wants Mr. Brooks to teach him how to kill someone. Demi Moore’s subplot also takes up a lot of the runtime, and along with all the other subplots, the film becomes a virtual meltdown of action-packed insanity. The film works because of its fast pace, as it keeps the thrills and suspense building right until the very end.
This 18-karat gold-plated silver ring, which represents a collaboration between inherently cool label Zadig & Voltaire and cutting-edge jewelry maker Gaia Repossi, that will send you fashion frenzy.
Thank goodness I still have plenty of polenta years left in this life because if the last week is any indication of my future, I will be eating this stuff a lot.
Glasman here misses the point almost entirely, which is surprising given his previous analyses of England’s plight. The members of the EDL are almost certainly interested in a ‘better life’, but this is another overly simplistic oversight of what their key concerns are: the erosion and official abandonment of English Christianity and its laws, customs, architecture, culture, literature and distinct identity. And the danger of its being supplanted by the state religion of multiculturalism.
Noreen, with a sleeping Hunter at my feet.
- there IS a difference between a Schnauzer and a Scottie;
It means that if people in Peru need to cut down some rainforests to build cities so their children aren’t exposed to snakes and vampire bats . . I’m not going to raise a protest or chain myself to a tree.
This is the back, tada!!!!!!!
But mine in my ear is safe,
Kathmandu and parts of India are full of newly constructed monasteries, some with vivid psychedelic artwork. I can actually get a better idea of forms, shapes and postures from observing and photographing these. It's for the art historians, I suppose, to narrate how the art has evolved. I would like to refer to the oldest artwork available - but it has to be available, and visible.
So here, without further ado, I present to you: KaBOOM! (a name with vaguely terrorist connotations, at least to this New Yorker, but what the hey. Too late to change it, I guess.) — L.
Parents want to be a part of every child's milestones and big events in there lives.
Feel essential yet?
build your home on fickle counsel that’s constantly changing with the senses
and knit, weave. We even looked out to the pasture to let Maggie see the baby lambs, next time we will visit the barn, for today it was too wet, to go out in their lovely dresses!
Notes: As with all McBain quotes it helps to have a strong Germanic accent. Place particular emphasis on pronouncing “these” as “zees”.
Alright, people. Listen, I've had a shitty summer. Literally, though that part was more in the fall than the summer. But the summer sucked some pretty big sweaty balls, as well. Unfortunately, it wasn't MY big sweaty balls being sucked.
“Painting in the Dark” continues this feeling with a wonderful high-hat led ride into the sun making one wish they were driving a funny car instead of what has been subjected to you. Surely the accelerator will drop and corners over sped through; listening to this may also raise the risk of pregnancy as care flies out the window and only fire is felt in the belly as the two tango in completely inappropriate places.
At length the jays arrived
“There is only one way of our union my love.” she replied.
This 51-track collection features mostly songs about economic hard times and poverty. The lyrics are populated by chain gangs, hobos and people, like singer Bob Campbell who are tired of working on the "Starvation Farm."
A free range geek, Aspergian, and machine aficionado.
1 halve
‘Well, I don’t see any harm in that, do you?’
The second half of this book traces in greater depth the modern history of that new religion, of Paganism and Wicca, with particular focus on Gardnerian and Alexandrian traditions of Wicca and examines the personalities involved in launching modern pagan witchcraft, including Gerald Gardner, Sanders, Valiente, the Crowthers, Pickingill and others.
Eric Wang, Pharm.D. Candidate
* 1 tbsp italian seasonings
Reconcile to.
I suggested to take a ladder and try to get Arthur down. Which he did, cursing under his breath. when he had to go into the garden shed and take it out. It's amazing what Italians have a treasury of bad words ! And on top of it, it rather sounds nice not so ugly as when you are swearing in another language. Apparently dispite all efforts we were quiet noisy and suddenly some windows had opened and heads looked out. The scenery must have been worthwhile to look at. Mr. G in his pajama, buggering about with the ladder, me with the flashlight in my old T-shirt and both reasuring poor Arthur still singing in the tree.
We argued. We talked it out. Things surfaced that neither one of us had been aware of before. There were tears, apologies, promises to work and do better in the future. The evening ended with us curled up on the couch together, me dozing off with my head in his lap. There were no lingering bad feelings or resentment…simply a deeper understanding of one another, and a renewed sense of why relationships take work sometimes…and why that work is so incredibly worth it in the end.
You must be planning your wedding for 2010 or 2011
We are creating a time capsule for Dominic to open when he turns 18, so one of the things I thought would be fun to put in it was what people think he will be when he grows up. So I asked people at his party to fill out a card.
As I stared at my shoes in the ICU that reeked of piss and 409
T: oh, ok.
In the gospel text sent to me today, Philip says to Jesus, “Show us the Father and we will be satisfied.” Now is that really all it will take?
Not exactly myths in the strict sense, but one of my earliest memories is being read a collection of fairy tales I still have. There was a time - I must have been five or six - when my dad read Rapunzel to me every single night! I always preferred the scarier stories, the thrill of following a character’s journey through the most unimaginably terrible situations, from being trapped in a tower by a wicked witch, to being set the overwhelmingly impossible task of spinning wool into gold, to the horror of realising the gingerbread house in the deep, dark woods is anything but a safe haven.
My friend and I thought it would be a great idea to spend the night at the casino…we rented a hotel room with a shuttle service and had every intention of getting completely obliterated for the night.
Now, I didn't say anything, but I was thinking ^%$#, !@#$;^%$. It's 2 in the morning. Instead of giving me a ticket for driving like a tourist, they get out of the car and strole into the hotel. Not a good sign... at least they aren't after me. But knowing they were there for someone IN the hotel had me a bit worried.
“Yes, I do, but it‘s fun!” I say smiling. I’ve heard all this before. In fact, I hear it every time I go anywhere with my brood.
Stephen has never been on an airplane for more than a couple of hours..
Level 16: Weapon ATT: +16, Accuracy: +6%, Proc Rate: 53%, Deals 208% damage 2 times.
As you read this, I ask you to put up a post on your blog.
Stay
Okay, I absolutely forgot that I had this song on my playlist. And no, I’m not ashamed of my playlist.
I was given the opportunity to review two beautiful handcrafted products from Ezistock.
As always, I have some inspiration for you to enjoy. Just click on the picture for more info if you see something you like!
Hi/Hello/How are you/Good Morning/Bye Bye/Stop/Go/Come back/Come on/Nigh Night
The sort of vibe that, for instance, might lead you to wonder when you compared the list of nominees with the list of this man's clients, whether there was some kind of a stitch up going on? By my reckoning there's about a 50 per cent correlation between those two lists (though interestingly it's the newcomers and the best live act nominees - the two sections with the least opportunity for middle-man input - that most noticeably buck the trend).
Everybody has an opinion. Once your book is out there you will receive negative reviews. I’ve heard stories that just make my mouth hang open where authors will actually track down their poor reviewers via the web and hassle them to take down the review. People…that is not professional. It isn’t even honest. Receiving negative feedback is part of the risk in publishing. If you don’t like it, don’t publish. Plus, as you’ll see here, those negative reviews are important to me if I want to read your book. “Haters gonna hate,” and if a book is good I expect it to have some haters. Backwards thinking? Maybe. But if you have twenty good reviews and two bad ones, your book is more legit than one with ten five-starred reviews.
Carbon Material: Breakthrough In Energy Storage – “Engineers and scientists at The University of Texas at Austin have achieved a breakthrough in the use of a one-atom thick structure called “graphene” as a new carbon-based material for storing electrical charge in ultracapacitor devices, perhaps paving the way for the massive installation of renewable energies such as wind and solar power.”
__ Labis na sumasang-ayon __ Sumasang-ayon __ Tumututol __ Labis na Tumututol
+ ROSARCH of the “Watchmen” + “SPIDERMAN”
Evidence of this hegemony and part of the reason this hegemony has been so complete and powerful is that White Westerners have had an near monopoly when it comes to holding positions of power, authority and influence in Christianity. For centuries the most prominent and influential theologians, leaders, speakers and Christian communities have been White Westerners, most of them male.
Tomorrow was Sunday, therefore I didn’t have school, and my family wasn’t very religious, so no church either. “Um, I can come up there around noon, will that be fine?”
How much do items cost in the store? The items in my store cost from one cent to twenty cents. You'll have to just guess for your first store set-up but then after you see what the hot items are you can price based on what the hottest items. If you want a general idea- pencils are two cents, plastic rings are five cents, cheapy party favor glasses are twelve cents, glitter pens are eighteen cents in my store.
I used to use knitting as a way to deal with stress and other negative feelings. When I'd start feeling keyed-up, I'd sit down with my yarn and knit until I exhausted those feelings of rage and revenge. Nobody was maimed, and I got a pretty article of clothing out of the deal. Win-win, right? I guess it was at the time. I've spent the last eight years executing stitch after stitch as I mulled over conflicts in my life; hours of methodically working through my stress and anxieties, and I now have a closet full of accessories to show for my labors.
2012 Northeast Treatment Free Beekeeping Conference will take place July 24-29 in Leominster, Massachusetts. Bees on site for daily hands on workshops (weather permitting), 3 amazing meals a day (prepared onsite by our talented and experienced staff from scratch) are included, nearby affordable camping available.
Afterthoughts
All candidates should be vetted and should understand that “We the People” are the actual ones they answer to. Lets not give our freedom up to those with a polished speech that holds no substance. So whether you are bored by the debates and all the political talk, remember that this all comes down to us doing our job!! I’ve been told more than once that work would not always be fun and would be boring at times, but that is what is required in order to live freely. So, for those of us who took the holidays off and are resistant to jumping back into the fray…saddle up and lets get busy!
But, not this year! I'm now working at what I love to do.....creating things for you to scrap your memories with! And, this Leap Year, I'm having a 29% Sale on most things in my store! Click on the Ad to begin shopping!
Dakota has been performing in Oliver, I'm going to see it Saturday.I went and saw the full dress rehearsal,it was great! I'm so proud of her, committing herself to rehearsals for so long, and getting up there on stage and singing. She plays one of Fagan’s gang and also is in the choir.
Pizza Fondue
I was standing at the top of a mountain. I was alone at first, and then suddenly Jill was there. She looked just the way I remember her. She was wearing jeans and a tee shirt, with her hair pulled back into a pony tail. She smiled at me, and she had this warm glow about her, and she told me how happy she was to see me.
We were suffering withdrawal from lack of news. Monday we didn't try to venture out until late in the day and all the newspapers were sold out. Tuesday Mr. B went out early and bought three newspapers! News at last. Reading that 80% of homes in Eastern Connecticut were without power made me realize how lucky we had been. Many traffic lights were out on one side of town and it was chaos.
Incidentally, --- the swastika was a sacred symbol in Shamanism, Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Mithraism religions 100’s of years before the German Nazi Party adopted it. The symbol was introduced to Southeast Asia by Hindu kings and remains an integral part of Balinese Hinduism to this day. It is a common sight in Indonesia, and still is an important symbol in Mongolian culture. Source
Today I am sharing a sneek peek of the beautiful new felt that will be available April 1 at Stamp School/A Walk Down Memory Lane. Honestly, this felt is the softest and most beautiful felt I have ever felt! haha!
(I have a T-shirt of this painting)
*Weight control:* Fruits help you in losing weight by satisfying
By the end of his life, Bonhoeffer had very few friends, family, or colleagues who did not think he was taking his discipleship too far. Most of them had found subtle ways to compromise and survive. He refused to do so—and paid the ultimate price.
Today, the St. Louis Fed released the May issue of their National Economic Trends publication. I haven’t seen this before, so it’s a nice find. I thought I’d share.
He stopped, my legs lying over his knees and he was rubbing my calf with a finger. It was a strangely intimate gesture. My stomach was all fluttery and my heart was pounding. I was beginning to rethink what I had told Heather. If Dane asked me out, would I have the courage to tell him no? To tell him to figure out what he wanted? I really didn’t know anymore.
The charm of knowledge would be slight, if there were not so much embarrassment to overcome on the route to knowledge.
A gleaming shape she floated by,
- Has it become damaging for me to continue on in my pursuit of this? (i.e. is it causing me unneeded stress, worry, grief, etc?)
Not quite sure where I’ve hidden issue 25 – but when I find it I’ll probably add it to the website too. I’m fairly sure I’ve got some really old issues of the magazine hidden around the house somewhere too. Wish I was a tidy person!
Jack didnt live in Ovenden,Halifax until his death.He & his wife moved to Hanover.Divorced &
I was talking to a fellow Charmed fan friend of mine who also watches TVD, and he and I agreed that Esther shouldn’t be able to use her powers in Rebekah’s body because there’s nothing natural about Rebekah. She’s essentially cutting herself off from nature by locking herself in her body. I’m hoping it’s body who’s put that ring of salt around the house. For what reason? I don’t know, but I don’t think Esther should be able to channel her power through Rebekah’s body. Thoughts?
Brazil’s environment agency on Wednesday approved the start-up of the Belo Monte power dam, a controversial $17 billion project in the Amazon that has drawn criticism from native Indians and conservationists.
Western interviewer: ‘Is the country going to make it, will democracy flourish? What scares you most?’
3:30PM "shroomin"(2426 Guadalupe)
Taking Chances is a sweet tender romance that makes you feel good. Things are not always as they appear. Abie is quick to assume things and it was refreshing to watch how things came about. I found the dynamics between Tyler and Abie. The flow of the story was flawless and I liked how Tyler and Abie grew as individuals and as a couple. Tyler had skeletons in his closet and Abie has her own issues to work on. I did feel that Abie needed to open up a little more about her childhood with Tyler. I would like to see a story about Josh and I would like to see what happens to Ted. Then we could also catch up with Tyler and Abie! Just an idea Ms. Manderino. If you have not read this story you are missing out. I will be reading this one again and would recommend it. No swearing, but does have some kissing!
Wear them proudly!
Important to note about the American plan for global domination through massive warfare is that it is not really a secret, and as (curiously) revealed on the tenth anniversary of the 11 September attacks upon the United States when the US National Security Archive released a memo written by former US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld in September 2001 wherein he warned “If the war does not significantly change the world’s political map, the US will not achieve its aim.”
And I’m not the kind of man who’ll take your lies or your fake bullshit.
I did change a couple of things. For the eyes, I added googlie eyes because I lost the eyes I punched lol oops I know.
Modern Haiku, 39.2, 2008
The Labour Party has cut the country in half; strategically this represents a major problem for the Scottish National Party.
400 g/14 oz dried apricots
So our winner is …..
I struggle because I want things to define me. I want to be complimented - I want to be noticed - I want to be accomplished.
About the time we came home from our first trip, I began to think about a pediatrician for our boys. Eli and Julie are very healthy and normally, only see a doctor once, maybe twice a year. We live in a small town and don't have a lot of choices when it comes to doctors. I knew our boys (especially Joseph) were going to need someone experienced. I prayed. I asked God to please show me who to take these precious gifts to for medical care. During our homestudy classes I met a wonderful couple who had brought their son home from Haiti. Mom had met him while doing medical missions work and had sent me a friend request on facebook. Sondra is a NICU nurse and I just felt like God was leading me to ask her for a recommendation, so I messaged her and she made one.
You are smart. You are kind. You are important. You are intelligent. You are whoever you want to be. Don’t believe that old adage, “sticks and stones may break your bones but words will never hurt you.” Words, images or portrayals, can and do hurt. The secret is not giving those things power over you. Recently some of my people were up in arms over Mary J. Blige in a Burger King commercial singing her heart out about a chicken wrap. The problem wasn’t the wrap but rather the word chicken. Back in the day blacks were caricatured and stereotyped in regard to fried chicken and watermelon. Therefore some of us dare not eat chicken or watermelon publicly.
If you could go back in time and talk to one person from the past, who would it be?
I started with the Tape Color Trends Challenge at Embellish blog, that I wanted to play with for some time. I'm always having trouble with clever use of washi tape, so I googled it for a bit and that's what came to my mind afterwards...
I actually started off this morning with a self-professed brilliant idea, only to have my initial jolt of inspiration be short lived as soon as Mila Kunis mischievously began making eye contact with me from the cover of my roommate's GQ magazine. Just seconds earlier I had been blogging my little fingers away at a speed that would give Mavis Beacon a run for her money, but one distracting glimpse from Mila with her fashionably casual bedroom attire and delicious looking latte and my entire motivation was shot. God she's hot. Eff you Mila, it's not July anymore, you're old news. (Just kidding Mila you're never old news. I like your hair, so shiny...do you ever come to Billings? I love you...what?)
Like I said, I had the privilege of hosting it at my house, and offered to make the cupcakes for the dessert. Well, I've always wanted to have a cupcake party- so this was my excuse! I baked the cupcakes ahead of time, and then spent the day of the party (while Barb had my kids, thank you!) decorating them, making the frostings, etc. :o)
Me: And.. I’m pregnant.
Marlene Dietrich Angel
#4. iced green tea on a hot day
I was struck by this afresh as I read in 1 Samuel 10, where Saul was to be publicly anointed as Israel's first king. Saul had previously met with Samuel and knew that he was to be God's chosen man for this task. Yet, when it came time for the public anointing, verse 21 said he was not to be found. When they couldn't find him, they asked God where His man was at. God said, "He has hidden himself among the baggage."
I hope you all have a fantastic weekend! I will be around here and there. Maddie has a soccer game Saturday, and we are heading out to see The Avengers movie early Sunday morning for my nephew's birthday, I can't wait!!!!
On the way home Geeta decides she doesn’t want anything to do with the crazy fat lady and escapes, ending up hiding in a car with Dr Ravi (Sanjeev Kumar) in a coincidence that is only ever possible in Bollywood. Dr Ravi has already met Seeta as a possible marriage candidate and at the time wasn’t impressed at the way Kaushalya presented her niece, but he finds the new ‘Seeta’ intriguing and the two end up falling in love.
The original brief for this post posed 2 key questions which I’m going to attempt to answer one step at a time. Its generating similar feelings to the appraisals I used to have when I was employed and boy did they make me sweat!
ITC LTD. trading analysis report for premarket technical call posted on website suggesting to BUY based on recent past stock price movement on 20-Apr-12
Y'all are gonna think I'm crazy, but Laney and I are actually going BACK to Ohio on Thursday with my mom, only this time we're going to Cincinnati to visit Walk and Em!!! We're driving, not flying (thank goodness). Oh! the plane ride! OH THE PLANE RIDE!!!!!! AHHH!!!! So our flight there kept getting delayed and we flew out of Montgomery around 8:30pm, then we were delayed in ATL and didn't leave there until midnight!! Do you think Laney just laid her sweet little head on my shoulder and fell asleep, like a little lamb??? OR do you think she SCREAMED THE WHOLE FLIGHT FROM ATL TO COLUMBUS!?!? That little lamb did no sleeping of any sort! She was a crazy baby, which was to be expected, we had kept her out WAY past her bedtime and she was just too tired to do anything but be sad. I can't blame her, I felt about the same as she did at that point. The return flight was MUCH better, having lots of snacks helped (thanks, Claire), so did the videos I uploaded to my iphone. I think next time we fly, I'll make sure and pick a flight that leaves WAY earlier in the day--noted.
--Pot should never ever ever ever be legalized under any circumstances.
"Journal of the Institute of Brewing, Volume 12", 1906, pages 690-691.
But Obama has now told biographer David Maraniss that the ‘New York girlfriend’ was actually a composite character, based off of multiple girlfriends he had both in New York City and in Chicago.
Happy New Year everyone! We had a houseful at Christmas with thirteen on Christmas Day and Fifteen on Boxing Day. It was loud, it was busy, it was fun!
"I believe that we are approaching a pivotal point in our history where all South Africans of goodwill, regardless of their race, circumstances or political affiliation will have to rally around the constitutional rights, values and vision upon which our new non-racial democracy has been established," he said.
235710 Concrete contractors
He discovered beers and beer styles that few people had heard of, and his well-written books on beer are all seen as the authoritative guides on the topic. His books - starting out with the "World Guide to Beer" as early as 1977 - provided the ultimate inspiration for the craft beer movement.
Xander wasn't with me. We hadn't taken him out much at that point, and we definitely weren't taking him to church. Old people wheezing and sneezing into their gooey handkerchiefs. Toddlers touching every surface in the chapel with their grubby little hands. I exaggerate, but my wife's sister's two kids were perfectly healthy for 18 months, the age when Mormon babies are allowed in the nursery at church while their parents go to Sunday School. Within hours both kids ended up in the hospital with RSV. True story.
I scampered down the tree to safety. My dad later told me why she fell and I did not. Apparently, when Tammy’s mother felt the gust of wind, she yelled out, “Tammy, don’t fall!” And Tammy did fall. My dad then explained to me that the mind has a very difficult time processing a negative image.
six years ago,
Another highlight from this past year is that you finally got a handle on your organization skills! You made organizing a priority for your household and family and it shows in every area of your life! What a great feeling!
He taunts me, tells me
Should I have a Spanish will?
As this is a sort of backwards recipe, the ingredients I used were:
3) Saturday Schedule -
The little cards behind the units are how my gf identified her troops. Such an easy time with those business cards.
We both managed to have a good think about our proposed changes last week and started focusing on getting used to playing together.
By Magick Numbers and persuasive Sound.
As reported in a previous blog, the Sainsbury's Great British Beer Hunt is in full swing and it's only right that I should do my bit to participate in the proceedings by making a start on some of the bottles I picked up from their store last week.
I received this book as a review copy through the LibraryThing Early Reviewers program, so a big thanks to LibraryThing and Bell Bridge Books for selecting me and sending it out! I enjoyed the book, and will be looking out for others by Trobaugh as well. Also, according to the review copy, this book is in development as a motion picture. So that will be fun to see, now that I've read it.
“To give aid to the relatively rich countries such as Turkey could devalue the term support.”
09 – Still Young
gotta find something to do soon to save up
That he had reached into the toilet to retrieve.
Milford – How many times have you been to Delaware’s resort area and wished there was one website where you could find information on where to shop, eat, enjoy nightlife and do fun things with the family? Well now you have it. Delaware 302 has launched 302 Beaches – an online guide for everything you need to make your beach vacation enjoyable whether you’re here for one week or just one day.
The nose was of delicate dried apricots and rich butter. The palate was wonderfully fresh and lively with a deep apricot flavour and with apricot’s high acidity, caramelised oranges and salty caramel. I liked this for its seductive depth of flavour, balancing high acidity and richly mouth coating texture.
Okay, time to get back into blogging. So Fall has yet to really hit us in the Bay Area. We're still wearing shorts and t-shirts during the days, and summer berries are still making a weekly appearance at our farmer's markets. I grew up in British Columbia, where I took the change of seasons for granted, and I totally miss it. Most of the food blogs I follow are in the full swing of Fall baking, and even though it's still summer here I can't resist making all these lovely treats.
The papers delight in repeatedly reminding us of her often strange behaviour: whether it’s punching a television reporter at Don Muang Airport in Bangkok after she tried to interview her young son or the rumour that she was so unhinged while shooting Lars Von Trier’s Dancer In The Dark that she ended up eating her own cardigan, Björk insists that while there is some truth in the stories, they are more often than not greatly exaggerated.
Nick Warburton – His Last Card
If you want to use COOL WHIP as an icing on a cake or pie, there are many recipes that you can find online. One idea that I found before is that you can mix it with a pudding to make it thicker. I usually use it just the way it is, it is a lot easier that way. How about ice cream with
“I beg your pardon?”
It was difficult, but Casey found peace with her attackers and the horrible experience she went through. She learned to accept the fact that she can’t change any of it, and found a way to go on with her life. She realized that the gang rape had been a terrible thing, but she didn’t define her. Casey was thankful that they didn’t physically beat her or make her perform any seriously, perverted acts. She realized that what she had been through was terrible, but it could have been a thousand times worse. Although she was able to forgive and forget, Casey went years without looking for an intimate relationship with anyone because of her past. When Casey was in her thirties and went home for a visit, she rediscovered Pascal, who was still hopelessly in love with her. This is when Casey’s life began. Although no one ever knew about her horrors that night, Pascal knew, in his heart, that it wasn’t a good experience for Casey.
The men’s half, that’s where the practicality idea really goes off the rails. Because even if we accepted the idea that the Jim Balent Catwoman was harder to get in and out of, does it deliver benefits that more than make up for the extra trouble?
2009: Chronos Prize (shortlisted)
Here is a completed 3 tier cake. I added a flower to each of the icing. Ann asked to leave the center of the cake empty so she could place a pregnant woman in the center. How cut is that going to be?
a.m.
Seal of Rassilon tattoo
I understand your fascination with 'Radical Unschooling' and the desire to share it with the world. However, it would be improper to assure that it will work for everyone. I am really glad you found something that works for your family, though. Sounds like you have been through enough hard times for many people - the frustrations, the bullying, the pain - both emotional and physical - you have suffered. I certainly don't envy you that.
Okay ladies thanks for listening… You go look for Mr.Right, I’m going to go play with Mr.Wrong~ Maddie
He is IN LOVE with his hands. While he found them and put them in his mouth at about 2.5 weeks, he's become OBSESSED. He has learned to clasp them and so he either has them clasped or in his mouth. It's impossible to see him otherwise. Which means he is drooling even more. He gets puddles on himself or you--or your sleeve. If you hold him, he'll try to grasp your sleeve and put it in his mouth. I hear they drool more when they're teething and I can't imagine that. I'm surprised he's not perma dehydrated! He can almost fit his entire fist in there, and constantly tries. If he keeps it up it will be quit the talent to impress others at Scout Camp!
And for those of you who didn't win something this week, I will be keeping your entries and carrying them over to the next Freebie Friday that will be going up next Friday, September 2. The walk isn't until September 17, so if you didn't get a chance to facebook, tweet, or repost this on your blog, there is still time! And if you want to donate to this friggin' awesome cause, just click here to go to our team page. No amount is too small and it is all VERY MUCH APPRECIATED!
Happy colouring
No greater love will we find
They are eligible to compete for the National Championships in Weiser, Idaho. Leon Ranney, 84, was honored as the “Oldest Fiddler” competing in the contest.
Darkened in some kind of twisted sit-com, cell for a comforting taste of it all,
Sleazy, trashy and tacky? Well, I have decided to read an excerpt from the memoir of none other than America’s favorite fame-whoring horndog heartthrob, bewildered baby daddy, Playgirl pin-up, and Sarah Palin’s presidential fuck-up: Levi Johnston.
Not much to read here folks. This is more of a record for the farm. I still have a good deal of plants in sunroom awaiting planting and of course I will be sowing a good deal of seeds directly into the soil. I have been planting for the past few days and made every plant dated for today to keep it easy.
Daddy please stop yelling
(By the way, in the dub, the three in that first picture aren’t dubbed over; their voices are simply left as is, which is fine since it helps with the fact that everyone spoke Japanese in the original, so they shouldn’t've been incomprehensible to Roger… nor should their writing system be. This seems to be why the men speak weirdly – it seems to be meant to imply that even though they are speaking the same language, they aren’t.)
Until the realignment is complete, then, we are likely to see even more destructive xenomania than before. This, in turn, will produce even sharper indignation from the electorate. The question is whether the third-world demographic can outrun the growing outrage of indigenous Europeans. I don’t think it can. But still we are likely to suffer before the definitive backlash comes.
What is tinking? How do you k-n-i-t backwards? You t-i-n-k!
Stay Productive and Make Your Work Matter!
I have been asked many times whether or not I listen to music while writing or reading. I honestly don’t know how anybody could read for long periods of time while listening to music, as it’s far too distracting, but when it comes to writing, it’s a different story. Perhaps it’s because I am so concentrated on writing, that my mind blocks out the lyrics while I try to express myself, often with my feet tapping (or sometimes dancing while sitting – a talent indeed), but it is rare I find myself writing in silence.
BG: What’s the best flash you’ve ever read? Explain what it means to you in no more than a hundred words.
This weeks theme is Soundtracks! I was really excited when I saw this was the theme for the week because I have always loved soundtracks! I always hear songs in movies or tv shows that I love and end up downloading them. Gooveshark wonk load for me today so I'm going to use youtube videos! It might be more fin for this theme anyways since a lot of my picks are musicals! :)
One violent incident that I will suggest was engineered 'higher up' was an attack made some while later, in September 1997, on my wife and me. This was on an occasion when we were walking from our car to a party meeting in Stratford, East London. Our security was slack this time - something for which I hold myself entirely to blame. A left-wing mob of some thirty or forty people were in the vicinity, having know about the meeting and arrived with the intention of disrupting it. We walked right into them. Not being satisfied with venting their hatred and fury on me, they hurled my wife to the ground, whereupon several of them kicked her about the head and body as I stood over her, desperately but mostly unsuccessfully trying to protect her from their blows. We were fortunate that the incident took place in a busy public place on a Saturday afternoon. Seeing onlookers gather, and fearing that they might later be identified by witnesses, the mobsters withdrew after having inflicted a few superficial injuries on me about the face and head. The head wounds that my wife suffered still troubled her some months afterwards. In our experience we were lucky compared with some of our colleagues, but my memory of the despicable assault by these animals on my wife remains with me. Were I ever to confront any of them agains, I could not ensure to act with 'moderation' or 'restraint'. Yet of course the media continue to persist in their subtle linkage between the BNP and violence without giving the slightest hint of these conditions under which we have had to operate. No mention of the kicking my wife received was ever made in the mainstream press - an omission which we can be quite sure would never have occurred had the BNP members been the guilty ones and their opponents the victims.
I saw this canvas…
etc: etc:
- Thank you (very much)
Now, that’s what I’m talking about!
After all! Why should anyone care what you think? It’s not like you have any reason to care what they think. Why can’t they ignore you just like you like to ignore them? The answer is because your situations are different. Some people have to care what other people think. For some people, what other people think actually affects their ability to live their life in peace. To give one example, a cisgendered straight person really doesn’t need to worry about what LGBT people think of them, but if you think that LGBT people don’t have actual high-stakes reasons to care what cis straight people think of them, I don’t know what universe you are living in but I want to go to there.
### D Scene 2.5.12 (page 3)
I have watched Gerry Ford be little more than target practice for kooks and fall down stairs.
6. Remember that you are under God’s command; and to deny marital love to your wives, is to deny a duty which God has urgently imposed on you. Obedience therefore should command your love.
She's also trying to convince people that her name isn't Candy Brauer. I still have the e-mail where she specifically asked me not to use her real name. So that's all heading into head scratching, puzzling behavior.
“We’ve seen everyone from elementary school students working on a project to people writing books on contemporary performance theory,” says Lehner.
About halfway there we were stopped by a vendor who offered us a pretzel and hummus sample. It was good timing, because I was ready for a snack. There was a bunch of excitement around us because of the Puerto Rican parade, so I don't remember the brand who was providing the samples, but it was yummy! :]
The vague mumblings;
Ask for help, you are not alone. Don’t over do it. Watch funny movies. Don’t seek comfort in the past because you will not find it there. Expect miracles, they only happen if you believe in them. Reach out to help others when you are sure you have helped yourself. Don’t blame yourself. Be honest with yourself and know that these things take time. Be clear when thinking about what you want for yourself but don’t decide too quickly. Meditate everyday and practice gratitude, this life is beautiful. You will get through this believe me, I believe in you.
I wish I was a get-it-all-cleaned-up-before-I-go-to-bed girl. I always want to be. Truth is, when the fun evening is over, I want to get to bed with my Pup and snuggle in the big huge bed.
Pour is just what I like; inky black and there's not even color around the edges. It's solid black with a thin head that doesn't last long. Inviting roasty smell. The roast carries on into the flavor, but it doesn't over power the smooth chocolate. The chocolate notes here are not as bitter as other porters. More of a milk chocolate. Mouthfeel is creamy and smooth. Hops and toasted bread come out more as it warms. Long finish that's dry with just a hint of bitterness.
Scudetta--StellaBaby's boyfriend, who loves to knit, hates crocheting, but as a straight dude, is terrified that Hoodie will "out" him to his coworkers at the fire department. Scudetta keeps his sock knitting hidden in his NY Yankees sports bag, sneaking a stitch or two alone in the locker room.
better; only 12 of the 50 40mm
Sure, they won't replace your home stereo, and don't go expecting too much from a pair of speakers that can fit into the palm of your hand. But these are definitely the best speakers I've come across in my travels for the size, weight, and money. Count me a fan.
Find myself thinking of all the people in my life and those that I do not know yet or will never come to know. And truly warmed by the sense of love, anticipation and hopefulness that people throughout the world are putting out today.
Remember, taking risks is vital to success!
George Stephanopoulos
- I got the keys to my very own apartment. -
Pace: 8 ; Parry: 7 ; Toughness:19 (4)
Catherine Tate - Donna Noble
What inspired you to write The Littlest Mountain?
I have depleted my stash of thank you cards, so I'm sharing one I created today.
Another leader who wished to remain anonymous said that he had initially been startled by Mugabe's attitude to SADC intervention.
In ILLEGAL, Lindy is being groomed by her cousin to become his drugs courier. She is terrified of ending up in prison like her two brothers. But there is no-one in her family to turn to. She teams up with a boy from school, Karl, who is mute after a trauma two years earlier. Although Lindy mocks Karl at first for not speaking, she actually prefers his silent world. Karl helps Lindy to find a way to report Colin to the police without revealing themselves.
Damn the credit crunch! The bar where I used to organise monthly milonga has just succumbed to the lack of money (not) going around. It's a huge blow, everyone really liked the bar and if we except the floor, it was perfect!
Right off the bat you know this is a Burton production, no one else could make the visuals you see. Dark Shadows is equal parts comedy and love story.
Big B had tweeted: Just heard Kolaveri Di after much talk on it ... its so original and catchy ..congrats Dhanush and Aishwarya (Rajni's daughter)
That brings to my mind a question – So why did God reveal Himself to Jacob if he was such a schemer and liar – Because above all else, Jacob sought the Lord. He is an example of someone who had an open heart and was willing to change and God encountered him in spite of how bad he looked to others. Remember that He exerted all physical energy he could to hang on to God when wrestling. It was only when God touched his hip that Jacob released his grip on God. You will realize God’s presence only when you seek it more than pleasure, food, financial security, sensual things or any other thing in life. We can encounter God when we give up everything to experience Him. Many of you unfortunately will not have a God encounter like I am talking about because you are not willing to give up things. You might not want to give up that sin that so easily besets you because you like the power it gives you so you just tell people you cannot change. You might want to have money more than an encounter with God so you seek money hard and just give God your left over time. You might want entertainment more than God so you continually skip godly activities so that you can be entertained. Let me ask you – could it be said of you – above all else, you seek the Lord?
! Increased Performance Levels
Physically there are some challenges ahead. The body and its need must be taken into consideration or it will not be able to keep up. Attuning to your body so it can express its need is vital for your well being.
1 regular bag of Nacho Cheese Doritos
One English word for food which ironically, I had never really heard until I came to the Philippines, is viand. Apparently this is a poetic word, meaning simply, “item of food.” But it is used in Philippine English for “something to go with your rice” (Tagalog ulam). You see, over here, rice is the basis for the meal, and everything else is a side dish. In fact, a birthday party serving “only” fried chicken and spaghetti will be considered a snack unless there is also rice. Only rice makes it truly a “meal.”
Another week, another Stitch Fix post! I know, I know. I thought I'd make this one a little more fun (or at least less redundant) by doing it in a vlog! I don't do many vlogs... not sure why. But I think it's because I get severely embarrassed before I even hit "record"... seriously. And I say "um" a lot and have weird mannerisms and of course talk like the world is ending in 30 seconds and I have a whole chapter to recite. Whatever. Here I am in all my weird speech glory! Take it or leave it! ;) (There's also some audio/video lag... sorry! It didn't have the best time when exporting from iMovie... I think at a few spots it actually repeats what I say... Whoops! Newb!)
Winning this doesn’t end there.. But sorry to disappoint you Admins, because you won’t receive cash. The winner will receive special electronic banners (Just digital pictures of different sizes. We will show you as soon as we finished updating our system) that could be posted on their site. It has their own logo, website address and website name with the claim as BEST BIG BANG FANSITE 2009. (we may include a very humble text like “Source: Official Survey conducted by Leejaedi Productions as the 2009 Best Big Bang Fansite” as this is really necessary so people can check on our site to prove your claim as the best fanmade dedicated to Big Bang).
OH! Plus scrub the house.....
My blog is one year old on Thursday
e-mail me at engine3 at gmail dot com when you are done joining me on my birthday run/walk/trot/swim/ski/move your butt week.
So what the hell is Lelouch thinking when he did that? I of course know what the writer is thinking when they wrote that- to spice up the melodrama to portray how sad Lelouch is so sad and so resolute because he makes someone he loves totally forget about him and he sacrifices all that because he is oh so going in the wrong path. However, the stupidity of his action that may cause a lot more inconvenience for himself pretty much jeopardies what the writer is setting up for.
Does it make it you feel like a kid when you go on the merry-go-round? I like it! It is fun, well, it does get dizzy after a while. I need to sit down after that. All in good fun.
What I can say though is that I dont wear fur unless it's vintage and definitely not an endangered species.
What I said was, people who come here legally get a work permit. People who do not come here legally do not get a work permit. Those who don’t get work will tend, over time, to self-deport.
Etc. Noel had in mind a girl
Some humans and some apes ran from some more apes.
- I pray He has more little one's who need a home with a family like ours.
Girls is sad, drinks.
Please send me your comments or questions, I would love to hear from you.
I’m an educator, I love that people can use me to gain insights, thoughts, inspirations, learning or perspectives but it only because it is who I am and what I do not because I am doing it all for the greater good.
In a flash of lightning. Then a damp gust
Highly motivated high school students apply to join the Watershed Report Student Leadership Team. The current team is comprised of 29 students from 11 high schools representing 8 different school districts plus the private school network.
It's official. I'm a cougar for life.
All that said, my closet has been getting a bit unruly lately – I don’t know what’s gotten into it – and I need more space. I thought about asking hubby (very nicely, of course) to move his things to the garage, but that wouldn’t be right…would it? Anyway, desperate times call for desperate measures, so I decided to swap my beloved wood hangers in the coat closet for slim, huggable-type ones* (pictured above) to see if the change made any difference.
We see Kelly running towards the water’s edge, before stopping suddenly...and licking a shuffling crab!
But I have learnt that maybe we shouldn’t be so self-concious about trying things like this. I was worried about looking uncoordinated and silly, but I learnt that a lot of the other women there are worried about looking silly too. And a lot of the other women there DO look silly. So I guess what I’m saying is, even if you think you look silly doing something, give it a try. Because after you have tried it once, there is always going to be someone who is newer than you, and looks more silly than you do. And someone with a bum bigger than yours.
5 stalks chinese mushroom ( soaked and diced )
The title is Latin for storm, in case you were wondering.
Charlie – a big big star at the time – appeared in BBC TV’s The Charlie Drake Show every week. It was live and he was known for his physical comedy. On this one particular night, as part of a slapstick story called Bingo Madness, he was pulled through an upright bookcase and thrown out of a window on the studio set. There was then a very long pause when nothing happened and then the credits rolled. The next morning’s papers reported that Charlie had been knocked out by going through the bookcase and was unconscious when thrown out of the window.
I emailed you a while ago about how to start organizing your house and where to start.
Then she meets Tyson Foster. And everything changes.
Following are excerpts from a sermon by leading Sunni cleric Sheikh Yousef Al-Qaradhawi, who heads the International Union for Muslim Scholars (IUMS). The sermon aired on Qatar TV on October 30, 2009.
True-May sought only to preserve an illusion of homogeneous whiteness in a tiny, fictional corner of a once white land, for this he was suspended, pilloried in the press, and swiftly forced out of the profession in which he had spent his working life. No doubt he will be ostracised by his one time colleagues and peers, none of them wishing to have their own reputations sullied by association or, indeed, their abject submission to the cult questioned by their masters.
I write this to confess all that I have done ignorantly or intentionally in the past. I regret my action today for all I thought was for my good and the good of my family. Not until this piece, no one knew the relationship that bonded me and Charlyboy. I have worked for him from behind the scene for over 25 years now, but no one knew, not even my family, not to talk of his staff or his family members. I know that after this confession, I may run far away from anywhere close to the Areafada, but I have to say this just to clear my conscience. I believe, I was an agent of Charlyboy’s Illuminati philosophy. I was the go-between him and his team from the US and the United Kingdom to South Africa and Ghana. But today, I’m tired. I have decided to back-out because even with all the money that I have made through Charlyboy, I have not been able to control my life. Like many other people, I have lived my life for Charlyboy. Life is not just about money alone, but peace of mind. Let me face it today, and let all the money go the way they came. I’m not scared. I can’t be slave to money.
Welcome to the annual, Carolyn and Joe Show, Christmas Special! Tune in to see who has the holiday spirit and why and listen to the story about “Sad Santa”. This episode is a little out of control…with holiday cheer and more! Not an episode to miss. Enjoy!
According to LiveMint, MMV decided to stop funding the project after it reviewed preliminary data and other portfolio priorities. According to results that were presented at a conference in 2006, MMV found that results of Ranbaxy’s trials were not very satisfactory compared to other drug candidates available in the agency’s many collaborative projects. By this time, Ranbaxy had spent about $16 million. Despite losing MMV’s support, it planned to continue the development of the drug.
Here are some of their comments:
Wallis married her first husband, Earl Winfield Spencer, a naval pilot, at the age of 20, in 1916 after a whirlwind courtship. She soon learned that the man she married was an alcoholic with a reckless streak. They frequently separated and got back together, and Wallis was frequently unfaithful, having affairs with a Argentine diplomat, and Mussolini’s future son-in-law.
An Accident Of Birth
When someone wrongs us we need to be vindicated, Zehr said. Victims want to know what their own responsibility was for what happened, if any, but most importantly for offenders to take responsibility for what they did. We search for ways to replace humiliation with honor.
Dirty Filthy Love, thankfully, keeps it real. It represents. Mark's fears, compulsions and tics aren't cute and filmi - they're awkward, painful and, often, baffling. When Mark hits bottom, it's not rock star glamorous, it's ugly and uncomfortable to watch. Tragically, Mark is fully aware that he is suffering from some deep problem, but he has a terrible time pinpointing what, exactly, is wrong - a characteristic of OCD. In the sea of anxiety that Mark navigates every day, everything seems threatening. And Mark's "cure" isn't a miracle drug or a cuckoo's nest (sorry, Jack) or love (sorry, Jack) - it's not even a cure at all, but more of a management technique. Shout out for cognitive behavioral therapy!
thank you:
We’re also doing some Nuno felting and if the weather holds we’re going for an expedition to a local beach to gather “interesting things” to learn to make mood boards. A brave OH is coming along with drills and woodworking expertise to help us make interesting things out the interesting things…I’m not quite sure what this will entail, but it should be interesting, no? Last year we made hedgerow spindles and spun wool fibre we’d collected from sheep fences which was dyed using local plants. It was fun too and showed you don’t have to have money to make fibre.
1) Ukrainian fashion design;
A very accomplished writer was asked what he liked about writing. I loved his response.
* In the sonogram Tre says, "When will we see if the BOY is a boy or a girl?" LOL!
I must admit I recognized myself on many occasions.My obsession to look good, to satisfy God knows what criteria..Well, this book did open my eyes a bit.
And I sold my Zombie Bride the other day. Her dress was an absolute one of a kind so I thought I'd never be able to make another one like her. But I made a new wedding dress from scratch, I'm kind of proud of it.
In addition to the foregoing General Objections, Plaintiff objects to Request No. 3 on the grounds that it is overbroad, unduly burdensome, intentionally designed to harass Mr. Robertson, and calls for information that is not relevant to any claim or defense of any party.
But Mr Osborne announced in the Budget that from April 2013 the maximum amount that will be able to be reclaimed in tax relief - including on charitable giving - is £50,000 or 25% of the individual's income, whichever is the greater.
can be difficult at first to be aware of the many thoughts that constantly
getting through to you yet?
Even though I made a lot of cheesecakes in my baking life, I don't normally use the same recipe each time. When I was in college, I used a lot of recipes from foodnetwork, and let me tell you, I made quite a number of cheesecake during that time, from regular dense NY cheesecake, cheesecake using whipped meringue, you name it. They were all very good and gone in a few minutes, but for some reason, nothing quite stick in my head.
Apparently a Fox news reporter and a cameraman have been kidnapped in the Gaza Strip. Those crazy Palestinians just can't stand not getting all the attention, what with Lebanon becoming the latest newswhores and all.
Servine’s family is my favourite starter family in Gen V. I picked Snivy in Pokemon White, his name is Smugleaf. I think it was the first time I used a Grass starter.
5. Barristers facing financial problems because of government inefficiency
Thu 11th August PUGWASH
Like an overfed, overheated cat
Get over there this weekend, yoga girl, and celebrate Earth Day with love and light.
It was his only escape.
Bermuda is a tiny little chihuahua (maybe mixed with rat terrier) who is three years old. She's a little shy, probably because she's so small, she's pretty defenseless! Bermuda charmed me right away when I first met her. She cowered away when I tried to pet her, but then she stood up on her hind legs and wrapped her "arms" around her foster dad's leg... exactly like a toddler who doesn't want her mommy or daddy to leave! The foster dad laughed, kissed Bermuda on the head, and said that she always does that when she thinks he's leaving!
app/model/Category.js
As the drawing came together little by little, I was very happy with the scene unfolding before my eyes and hands. The somewhat sad, innocent eyes staring out from under the raccoon’s characteristic little bandit mask can make your heart melt and cause you to forget that he may someday grow up to be a nuisance. Additionally, I started to feel as though I could imagine how soft and fluffy his baby fur would be if I could reach into the picture and stroke my hand down his head or under his chin. Finally, I was very happy with the bark texture of the tree trunks framing the raccoon’s face on each side.
“That will be your car,” Kat announced. “But before you go . . .”
The Concept of a “Johnnys”
I have made these two weekends in a row and my family gobbles them up. My husband, who isn't a big pancake eater, has had seconds both times and has requested that I make these often this fall. They are amazingly delicious and taste so much like pumpkin pie.
It seems like everyone is looking for the next beauty secret. Whether it is how to gain healthier looking skin, how to look younger, or how to have shinier hair, there are some many supposed secrets to looking and feeling better.
The O'Neills were so powerful that they were targeted by the English for extermination with special zeal in the sixteenth century. Despite the best efforts of the crown under their agent Essex, the O'Neills continued to thrive in Ulster right up until the 'Flight of the Earls' in 1607 (more about that later).
No more tears will fall for you
Google Map:
The hero is Dr. Richard Walker (Harrison Ford). He and his wife, Sondra (Betty Buckley), fly into Paris early in the morning, tired, disoriented and cradling each other. Walker is supposed to go to a luncheon later, but he’d rather not attend; in defiance, he teases his wife, crumples up his speech notes and stuffs them in his mouth. He’s not really here to be a spokesman at a boring medical seminar—he just wants to spend the day with his wife. As Polanski illustrates for us, they’re very much in love. But that love is put to the test when Walker wakes up, looks around, and is dumbfounded when his wife is not there. Nor is she anywhere else in the vicinity of their hotel. She has disappeared.
As far as writing goes - I'm going to try and do it to the best of my ability.
I created this Christmas card using "Traditional Christmas" Stamp set and let me tell you all the images in this set are great can be used in any creations - ornaments, tags, cards, decorative pieces. So versatile!!
I become assertive. Rather than wanting to call him, I’d probably try to make it so that my partner would want to call me (shy).
However, LGfL (with Virgin Media and Atomwide) are doing a super job of providing broadband+services for schools in London and it was certainly interesting to hear more about that.
Today's dish was requested by a subscriber Nurul Ain from Singapore who is now studying in Australia. I hope this Eid, she can try to make this dish.The dish is called Fried Dry Sambal (Sambal Goreng). I understand that her feeling of homesickness make her want to cook special dishes from home especially during Eid. So to Nurul Ain happy trying.
Stupid week. I hate when NTM’s do commercials, especially since there irrelevant to modeling like this one. This was basically a lame contacts commercial.
11. L. B. Boogie (Christiansen, Oberg, La Grand) 9:20
On that night, we were in the bowels of Bellicose Keep. Bellicose was a funhouse megadungeon before those things had names. Cool place to adventure.
Sunday was dominated by the NaSTA AGM, the election of the new NaSTA exec and NaSTA hosts for 2013. In the end, Lawrence Bolton became NaSTA Chair-Elect, with XTV winning the bid against YSTV to become hosts for the 40th NaSTA conference and awards. XTV have quite the task ahead of them to improve on what NUTS have done, both it terms of hosts and awards. But with the right direction and leadership, I know they can pull it off.
According to the USDA Bulletin #8, “Composition of Foods” (Haytowitz and Matthews 1984), dandelions rank in the top 4 green vegetables in overall nutritional value. According to data, dandelions are nature’s richest green vegetable source of beta-carotene, from which Vitamin A is created, and the third richest source of Vitamin A of all foods, after cod-liver oil and beef liver! They also are particularly rich in fiber, potassium, iron, calcium, magnesium, phosphorus and the B vitamins, thiamine and riboflavin, and are a good source of protein.
BUT……
From a product standpoint, there's a noticeable overlap:
Moseley G. Our babies, ourselves: what some call protecting the unborn from hazardous employments, others, including the Supreme Court, call sex discrimination - includes related information on improved exposure controls, and reproductive hazards. Business & Health 1991; .
“I have Christian liberty, freedom in Christ. He doesn’t care how I live, He only cares about what I believe, about my heart. After all, the letter of the law kills.”
1 1/2 cups of unbleached white flour
In closing, friends, I know many of you were hoping this maternity thing was just a phase but I think I may have finally found an area of specialization thankfully unclaimed by any other vintage sewing bloggers!
Yes, but a girl's POV works too, as long as I keep her from being girly, which she isn't.
World Party
"PALEAAAAASE"!!! They begged.
“We face a lot of barriers as beginning farmers as far as access to land and credit and barriers in crop insurance,” said Doerr. “As a beginning farmer one way of getting a start is through niche markets and raising non-conventional crops, but it’s hard to gain access to crop insurance for that… that problem should be addressed.”
I really hope to be blogging regularly again soon.
The Smart Cover attaches to the side of your brand new iPad 2 and protects the front glass while not in use. Similar to the original iPad’s iPad Case, the Smart Cover also acts as a stand for the iPad, and can prop it up in two different positions. But unlike the iPad Case, this go around Apple has opted for weight and thickness reducing protection, by only covering the front glass of the device. Apple says that the strong aluminum back of the iPad can handle being exposed to whatever it may face, but I disagree, and I almost wished they had made a case that covered the back. Almost. Once I actually went out and purchased my Smart Cover, I almost completely changed my mind.
The focus of the research of the Laboratory of Molecular and Cellular Neuroscience is to elucidate the molecular basis of communication between neurons in the adult mammalian brain, and explore implications in neurological and psychiatric disorders including Autism and Alzheimer's disease.
Blend the flour/spice mixture into the molasses mixture.
Into asynchronous worm holes in a spectral hologram
That sort of thing would have gotten me fired in the newspaper business. Snap judgments, incomplete stories, speculations … that’s the stuff of tabloids and, too often, television. Facts and truth — these are the things on which I built my journalism career.
to anything higher
Well just trying to answer some of these doubts ……. (You might also like to add in your views about the same)
Have fun.
This has to be my most belated review to date, it was way, way back in November when I first began reading When God Was a Rabbit and a lot has changed since then. As I mentioned in my last post, since November I have moved towns, got a new home and a new job. When God Was a Rabbit has been a strange book to read through these changes. Having just moved away from the town where I grew up and left my parent’s house, the home I’ve lived in since I was just five years old, it has been odd to read a story which poignantly pays tribute to those strange bonds that tie a family together.
Alyson Noel - Evermore
I thought I'd start a wedding series for Wednesdays...Wade will be my new last name :) (I heart alliteration! ha!) I don't want to go overboard with wedding posts here on Just Lovely...for the time being! We still have a ways to go....So, I will be updating you all on all our plans, DIY ideas, decisions I've made, etc on Wednesdays. I may start posting my favorite inspiration image on weekends too.
People’s sense of civilization is definitely tested because of the brutal act that happened at the playground, with the parents linking it to what’s happening with children in Africa, and their individual takes on that is quite eye-opening. It also sheds light on how people can change as a result of marriage or having children and I think it would be interesting for viewers to identify with the characters and the many parallels they may have with each individual, because any adult in their 30′s or 40′s must have gone through at least one aspect of each of these character’s lives. It’s definitely a wonderful character study and it’s not just a one-timer, because you can always watch it again and find something about each character that you may have not caught a glimpse of before, and that’s what makes a truly great film.
The trouble is, deciding on the warmest year is not a trivial task. It is all very well to ask how the average temperature on the Earth is varying – but how do you find out the average temperature of such a huge body, with such varied weather at any one time? It isn’t actually possible to calculate a meaningful average for the whole world. Apart from anything else, there isn’t a good enough spread of weather stations evenly across the Earth’s surface to achieve this.
In the latest incident some 2000 non-white youths comprising men and women but primarily men, assembled on South Street in Philadelphia and preceded to attack passer-by’s at random, it is notable here however that in the main the objects of the mobs rage were whites, one victim recounts an attack. “At 11:30 p.m. March 20, he and his girlfriend were eating with a married couple at Bliss restaurant on South Broad Street, whose front windows open onto the street.
I figured the best course of action was to meet them halfway, adopt a neutral stance, and let them speak first. See, I told you I’ve been working on it. What happened shook me. They were nice. They were more than nice; they were apologetic. They gave me the history of their son’s behavior and how his comeuppance was long overdue. That it was delivered by a tiny little thing made it all the more poetic. While we laughed and made small talk, I couldn’t stop thinking that our laughter and easy conversation was an endorsement of violent behavior. I mentioned this, and it kind of killed the mood. They awkwardly disengaged themselves, and my wife and I were left with how to redefine and appropriately teach what justice was. Like that would be easy.
Clash (Bay Rong) is most entertaining when allowing Veronica Ngo's Phoenix to be a fiercely scowling hard-edged high kick girl. It's refreshing to witness a strong female presence, exerting her dominance over ex-con male counterparts, threateningly commanding them both with words and fists. She's apt to smack them around as evidenced when Ox gets beaten into begging for mercy after suggesting a new codename for Phoenix, Horny. I love one moment in an early fight scene where the action pauses and a random thug shatters a bottle over Phoenix's head to which she no sells completely, not feigning even the slightest reaction or flinch. This type of imperviousness is often relegated to male action stars so it's great to see the female lead given such a moment. Ngo sells herself well as a believable action star and impressively holds her own in comparison to co-star Johnny Nguyen, who brings a hefty martial arts rep to the table from The Rebel and stuntwork on various big budget Hollywood productions.
My first target: Dora The Explora. Not only does Dora’s poor title pronunciation (it’s supposed to rhyme with her name) anger my spleen, but her swarthy latin charm makes her immensely popular with millions of younglings.
8. His dancing ability has been widely recognized, but do you know that his rap is pretty MANLY too? Go listen to “Love should go on”.
They think Southwest has sold out.
or his penis straight to piss anymore
Payouts, which in past years have amounted to £500,000 to the Queen and more than £100,000 to the Prince of Wales, will remain secret because publication has been deemed an invasion of privacy by the European Court of Justice.
So, if you're looking for ideas for your own closet, feel free to borrow my design (you can click on the image to enlarge). I'd love to hear about your project too!
Diane is retired Air Force, yet still works for the military. She was diagnosed with an injury, yet didn't want to give up her quilting. So before she *officially* retired she made sure she had a long arm machine!!
Extravaganza 4500310
Mackenzie (7) is in her fourth year of dance and she has added jazz this year. It's a bit more to keep up with but she's enjoying going at a faster pace. She too is in piano and she can't go through her piano books fast enough. She too had her first recital and played "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" (and sang!). She also played soccer (probably the first and last time only) and did swim team, where she earned Most Improved in her age group! She also has a new set of teeth and is riding a bike without training wheels! And yes, she is in brownies as well. Mackenzie's favorite activity is still reading. She has gotten into Harry Potter this year and has already read the first two novels! Mackenie loves to do things on her own and is very independent. She also likes to tell jokes and kid-around with people. She's fun-loving and loves to learn.
I must say they're really generous with their ice cream!! Look at the huge scoops of ice cream!
The fatalities included the battalion’s operations officer, Capt. Siegfred Kafilas. The 10 others were enlisted personnel. A 12th fatality is a civilian who was a member of a band that performed at change of command ceremony.
I met E through football. She is probably the most outspoken, most opinionated person I know. And, I don't agree with all of her opinions. But, her soap box right now is the county school system. And, she has some very terrible things to say about the way our schools are being managed. I'm inclined to believe her and jump on the band wagon. At the very least, I need to learn more so that I can form an educated opinion.
Also of interest in the article is information about the elite group of super-recognizer police in London’s Metropolitan Police, with interviews with super-super-recognizer Idris Bada and Detective Chief Inspector Mick Neville.
At first it was family. I have several aunts and uncles and first and second cousins that live here. My grandparents have since passed away but I remember them and I remember them in this town. I’m not from here but I did visit often as a young girl. I now live just around the corner from their old house and I drive by every now and again. I connect.
she learned to shake her thing, in between my toes
Since my office is literally minutes away from Ramen Jinya, I didn't want to take up stomach space when I have such easy access any day of the week. However, its rich, nuanced Tonkotsu broth lured me in, and after Designer Cyclist and hubby headed home, I snuck back to end the show with just one more bite (and sip), hard won through sheer force of willpower (my jeans were seriously in danger of splitting at that point). It was well worth it, and a nice belly-warming finish to an amazing experience.
“I think there’s a really big music scene in Stoke and it’s really active but I don’t think it gets heard enough in the mainstream and that can be a problem.”
5. Dark chocolate mousse
It took almost ten long years, but the deed is done. The titular head of radical islamic terrorism is, quite literally, sleeping with the fishes.
& em chose the kardashians. shocker.
While I can paint, after a fashion, I was told many years ago, by my Warden (They called the Headmaster a Warden) at the detention centre in Scotland where I was consigned on the Perthshire Archipelago, that there was no money in art. He was wrong about that. Damien Hirst has been taking the piss for years, relieving rich lawyers, bankers and magnates, industrial and advertising, of their money… in substantial amounts… and good on him!
MASH-TUN RAKES, SINGLE ARM TYPE - 'These I found practically useless, and very dirty around centre and stuffing box, and have had them removed.'
A prime example of such an offense is the whole meme about "back in the 70's, scientists used to think we were about to have an ice age!" In truth, of 49 papers published between 1965 and 1979 which predicted global climate change, 42 predicted global warming while only 7 predicted a coming ice age. Why the ice age theory caught on in the mainstream press is not immediately obvious. Perhaps the authors of the 7 ice age papers were just more vocal (notably, 4 of those 7 papers were from just a single author who in later years became a very vocal global warming skeptic), but just as likely is that an imminent ice age simply sounds more sensational than a little spot of toasty weather. Either way, it's hurt the long-term credibility of climate science...but I'll save that for another rant.
I check my paperwork and see we’re scheduled to collect from a returning unit in the afternoon,
There will be...
of His servant over his life, substituting his name for “servant.” He
5:00 PM Klaxon Howl
Today as the weather was pants windy and very grey we all decided to go to Ashby-de-la Zouch. After much deliberation and checking on the internet we arrived outside the Globe pub to wait. Betty said the bus was due at 10.25 I thought is was due at 10.16, sure enough a bus going in the opposite direction arrived at 10.16 and then promptly arrived back at 10.25 so your guess is as good as mine who was right. Once again everyone said hello and the driver asked us if we were on a boat on in a caravan.( There is a caravan club site at the back of the pub). It only took about 20 minutes to get to Ashby and it is a pleasant little town not too much going on but we had lunch out and then caught the 1 o'clock bus back having the same driver who brought us. As there doesn't seem to be any designated bus stops in Snarestone you just ding the bell when when you want to get off. Just as we got back to the boat it started to rain yet again hopefully tomorrow will be a bit better and we will return from whence we came. Moored near us are Bob and Rachael nb Nomad Dream needless to say while I was out the men talked engines.
Step 6: Take a break. Eat lunch. Watch the birds. Stretch your back that’s getting cramped because they won’t listen to your pleas for a higher table that you don’t have to hunch over to work at.
So, the hemp found in foods and beauty products does not contain the illegal or medicinal ingredient tetrahydrocannabinol or THC. What it does contain however is totally worth having.
So, I think it started as a dream. I was working in a security team in my old school, but it was a new building, completely rebuild, yet it had the old layout before the refurbishment intact, still the corridors led to new rooms and stairs were there were no stairs before. Like in a dream, actually. Everything is the same, yet different, yet still the same.
With that ad as a template, the VW campaign found both its voice and its visual style -- honest, simple and sincere, standing out among the glamorized, bigger-is-better advertising of Detroit.
A Southern winner in battle of brews
Personally, it’s a bit insulting! Then again, I still read the books, so I guess that something is working… Thoughts?
Why did you decide to do this project? After a failed attempt at a daily drawing/painting project last year I wanted to try again, but with something different.
Bklyn Organics is giving away a Twilight inspired trinket box gift set with "true love" natural perfume and an antique brass apple locket with organic lip/cheek stain!
As a kid, one of my most vivid memories of Christmas is of my Dad digging out his impressive collection of Christmas albums. My father was at sea with the Merchant Navy for around 16 years (from the age of 16 until 32), and picked up many of his records when docking at places like the USA (New York was always the best place for records he tells me) and Canada (import albums in the 50's were virtually impossible to get hold of) . He had festive albums by all the classics - Nat King Cole, Perry Como, Andy Williams, Bing Crosby, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Tony Bennett etc and I have since bought them all up on CD over the years. But the album I have the fondest memories of is the 1958 Johnny Mathis LP "Merry Christmas". In the last couple of years it has finally been released on CD (in fact I now have no less than 14 Christmas albums by Mathis!). In his 'guest editor' post a few weeks back, E.F Rice made some interesting observations, where music can take you right back to the past. Well even now, hearing that album (in fact just looking at the cover) takes me right back to those special Christmases of the 70's, and memories of those people I miss so much today.
Detect the Faithless enables the caster to detect if an object or person that has been sanctified to a deity is of his own faith. This spell causes the symbol of the deity to appear above the object or person. The symbol is only visible to the caster. Persons and intelligent items get a will saving throw, non-intelligent objects get no save.
Only God could have orchestrated this life changing meeting with my dad and Edson. Here is the link to Edson's wonderful ministry: http://www.newhopebrazil.com
And into forever,
"British Medical Journal 1870, vol. 1", 1870, page 65.
On at least four occasions, MSNBC's Chris Matthews mocked Sarah Palin for how he felt she'd do if she were ever on the hit television game show Jeopardy!.
‘My beautiful voodoo doll.’
- At some point I will write to various individuals and organizations that donated general books, videos and DVD’s and music materials to BAPMAF to send me, if possible, copies.
To friends who supported and loved her, when she was incapable of loving herself.....
Make sure and follow along with the hop for your chance to win a gift certificate to the shop.....here is the order of the hop.....so please jump to the next blog following mine!!!
1. Easy credit
And, after some bad experiences, I will
H. Height: 5'7
The report, however, shows that the categories of Health & Mental Hygiene and Real Estate & Construction spent the most on lobbying.
I would love to share my picnic with my readers in person, so maybe I'll see some of you on the tour and share some of the leftovers...if we have any.
One of my New Year's resolutions was to keep my introductions for guest bloggers straight and to the point. I'm going to backslide just a tiny bit to mention that the new March-April calendar was released on the Pacific Film Archive website since my previous post. Now I'll turn over the floor to my friend Adam Hartzell:
I’m uncomfortable with this topic but realize that we can’t increase our impact if others don’t know what we can do.
So after unboxing your kit you’re left with a torso, legs, a couple of shoulder pieces, and a host of heads and arms to personalize your warjack. The first thing I did, and having had the experience of building and painting the metal starter box, was to pose the model in a way only the plastic kit would. I decided to make him stepping over a big rock, therefore I cut part of the left foot to make it bent. Placed the rock, dryfitted my legs to make sure everything was in place, and cut and glued the foot piece in place. After that I glued the legs to the base.
Nice New York Times profile of this year’s Economics Laureates – Intellectual sparring partners for 40 yrs & now reluctant celebrities. http://nyti.ms/vxCN6E
and not enough time for the things that I would like to do
So, what does all of this have to do with nice boat?
Moon burst out laughing!
To say that Jane Jameson had a hard time adjusting to being a vampire is an understatement. Aunt Jettie haunts her home (used to be hers), her older sister hates her (always has), her best friend forever’s mom will NOT give up on Zeb and Jane marrying (he’s in love with a werewolf) and then there’s Gabriel…hunk, 150 yr-old vampire who turned Jane as she lay dying (and that’s a great tale in itself!). His frenemy Dick – they were childhood friends – puts anyone thief you can name to shame and her co-worker Andrea was a blood-surrogate.
The Car: The Heart of America
744 **D-I/8/1977. “On Lucretius: Wormwood as Honey.” Basic Program Staff Seminar, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(10), above, pp. 426-37.)
They've got ballet dancing. I think I may prefer Black Swan to this.
Honestly, it’s great. I have never been into musicals, but this is so much more. It’s ground breaking theatre at it’s very, very best. There’s a CD of a cast recording available – I’m seriously thinking of getting it. If you have any chance of getting to see it, do so; hopefully, it’ll be an NT Live broadcast next season.
To show my gratitude towards my followers, I'd like to give everyone the opportunity to win ONE of my digital stamps of choice! I will give you each a number in the order that you appear on the followers list starting at the bottom *Please note, followers who are faceless automatically show up at the beginning of the list (so numbers will be given as I see fit). My goal is to reach 100 followers. The first 25 followers will be the first batch entered into the contest. The next draw will be from 1 to 50 followers, and then 1 to 75, and finally 1 to 100! So the earlier you become a follower, the more chances you have to win! Keep checking back to see the list grow, I wouldn't want you to miss the random draw. Waiting is gonna be the hard part. So...if you want this list to grow quickly, you will have to tell your digital stamp loving friends to follow too! :) If you do not claim your prize within 3 days, I will have to do a redraw! Sorry, those are the rules. I will be updating this post with follower names and numbers. Don't panic if your name doesn't show up right away. Are you ready?
February:
Listening to her describe their relationship is difficult. When I knew him only as the guy that’s obsessed with her, that she keeps telling it isn’t going to happen, it was much easier to make fun of him. Now, though, he just sounds pitiful and desperate...in love with someone that uses him without even fully realizing that’s what she’s doing. Now he just sounds like me, in the not so distant past. You can tell someone it isn’t going to happen all day long, but why should they believe you if you keep saying it with your pants down?
I turned to my husband, before we even saw the house, and I said, Honey, make them an offer!
Android OS to lead in Canada: IDC
Place the potatoes and garlic in a steamer basket fitted over a large pot of boiling water. Cover and steam until the potatoes are knife-tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Warm the chicken broth in a small pot on the stove or in a glass container in the microwave.
26th of march was a very importans day for me. The day i've been waiting for.
11/3/11---Day 3 of giving thanks: Four walls that surround me, almost at all times: home, work, church...today it is cold and windy, and I pray for those without a safe, warm place to go. May the love of Jesus warm them this season!
It begins weeks before the actual day, when the teacher distributes brown paper bags for the children to decorate. (Posh teachers get white bags now!) The use of paper doilies, crayons, and all manner of trims and embellishments were used. Naturally, your name would be quite prominent!
Today the conference continues with Google +, Facebook, YouTube.
Moment.
Thing is, and not a little ironically, the singer whose songs have the strongest sonic connection to UK bass is also the most pop, Katy B, where the hard-hitting drums and wobbler bass effects are sweetened by her I-wanna-be-a-star delivery. Meanwhile, dubstep fans, juiced on the weird rhythmic experiments of his early singles, have been scratching their heads trying to figure out why James Blake's album so firmly lashed itself to the mast of indie-crooner culture. And in the middle, we have Jamie Woon.
A character who is so realistic you catch yourself wondering how he's doing long after you finish the book.
I chat with Anna as I add a mixture of sauteed scallions, dried apricots, roughly chopped almonds, and a diced Granny Smith apple to rice cooked in chicken broth. Ben would prefer a grilled cheese sandwich, and this I prepare as I sear scallops in garlic butter to serve with the rice.
But I think the ultrasound will help that for me.
If we urgently need anything else I will send an SOS to my sister but, in the meantime, we will manage.
someone who wants to spoil me
The 20-year-old MTV award winner had performed at the venue earlier in the evening.
Among the myriad messages with a wartime ring were ones that mocked Sarkozy for his 2007 post-victory cruise aboard the private yacht of multi-millionaire businessman Vincent Bollore.
Grind all the ingredients from the list to grind as fine thick paste and keep aside...heat the oil and fry the whole spices until they turns brown, add immediately the chopped onions, chopped tomatoes, ginger-garlic paste and saute everything until the raw smell goes away..
That greatness is holiness. That having the biggest gun is the favor of God.
IEP. The Wilmington, North Carolina, Star News Online provides an overview of the IEP process, including getting started, following up, and putting the IEP into practice. Read more.
But you won’t get them for free
I'm still not sure about what got me started on light and bioluminescence. I remember first reading an article about it in 2007 so it's been an interest of mine for ages. I knew I wanted to write about it, and to write about television, and about big ideas and silly ideas and things that seemed too far-fetched and wonderful to be true.
The Hunger Games was the last movie I watched in the cinemas. I took my little sister who is a fan of the trilogy. I haven’t written about the Hunger Games for different reasons. One being that since it is one of the top movies in the box office, there would be plenty of reviews out there and most likely they would all be positive.
All I know is that at this moment in time my family, friends, and life are very important to me no matter what decisions that I have made previously that deterred from my soul's destination.
Now, a hundred years later, the American flag ripples in an ever-changing wind out of sight of the image above but near the war monument.
KESSLER ER. Vaccine-preventable diseases in health care. Occup Med 1997; 12: 731-739.
Though we were heading out when I saw it in the mailbox, I just took it with me and explored it while waiting for our orders at Serenitea. Here are some things that I noticed, some changes to the 2011 version.
-the botched and confusing attempt at universal health care
them from hearing God’s call, or the culture prevents them from seeing the possibility of a celibate life, or there is a desire to have prestige in the eyes of the world instead of the eyes of the Church, or a sense that one does not have the necessary talents and/or abilities that are required for the priesthood today; there is an unwillingness or an inability to respond, in love, to God’s gentle invitation to ‘Come, follow me.’
As Irene headed away from the centre of town, it became quieter. She came to a place where there were no people, no birds in the trees, only dead leaves and litter blowing along the street. As she neared the house her pace slowed; ahead of her was the one silence she couldn’t control. In the now-empty rooms, only the walls would echo her strident views, and only the mirrors would see her frown.
There's still boatloads to do, after all, it's a quite an undertaking to set up an automated brewery that will triple the size of the one that has been producing 15,000 barrels of beer annually for a while now.
This is all very well, but one can’t help think that TfL must have had this problem before – last year, perhaps, if I could hazard a guess. Equally worrying is the fact that the line operator was so utterly clueless about the reason behind the delay.
“No. Daughter of a friend. Can I put my hands down?”
Combine in a large bowl 7-8 cups dry ingredients:
Moments later, in response to her petition, a second wave crashed ashore. But as its waters retreated back to the ocean, the elderly woman found to her amazement, her grandson standing there unharmed as if nothing had happened.
For the first year in 5 years - I had a good Thanksgiving. No earth-shattering news/happenings in the month of November, so I finally felt like I could breath after dinner. Now, Christmas on the other hand - that sucked.
I topped the entire manicure in 1 coat of Seche Vite, and I was out the door, with my hot cocoa manicure! :)
And maybe now I can rest
While I’m taking pretty good care of my maintenance currently (good nutrition, good exercise, emotional balance, etc.), I had more than two decades of NOT maintaining my body in the fashion that was necessary. Quite frankly, as I look back upon that time period, I realize that I had many breakdowns along the way. This has me thinking, that my upcoming annual physical examination will likely yield different results than the past several I’ve had. I wonder how much restoration work I’ve done… I know I feel MUCH better, I have way more energy and can do things that I’ve not been able to do in years (including tying my tennis shoes without having to prop them up on something – see an earlier post about “The Hangover”).
wrote return to sender on the image with red gel pen.
In September 2008, the patent office contacted Reid and asked him to repay one of the refunds issued to him, he said in his guilty plea. Reid did so, paying back nearly $7,000.
Maybe you haven't watched mecha anime, its a niche where the writers of newer robot shows grew up on beloved classic robot shows and inject their writing with homages to those classics. Gurren Lagann is the best example of that, an enjoyable stand-alone show made better by tons of homages to Getter Robo and many Gainax anime. While younger fans enjoyed it for the show itself, older fans found a deeper enjoyment in all the references. Before calling out a rip off, consider the context. (ex: Scales' back story flashback to his origin is an homage to Killer Croc's original origin (before he got re-written a bunch), brought to life in a fun way. "No cake for you!")
And we always have TOP 3!
The Montague Mansion did not have many guards, thanks to our pre-operations, as I explored/spied on the inside & outside of the mansion; and I remember seeing Mr. & Mrs. Montague, and various other members of their family but I can not remember the details of this part of the dream unfortunately.
This would be a great "cross over" beer for someone looking to experiment a little. To take that next step past Deschutes and New Belgium. This isn't a Kronenbourg 1664, it's a Flying Dog! Grade: 4 Burps
Your cards can be either weather related or get well soon etc.
As impressive as the many sights were, I think the people and culture I encountered had the greatest impact on me. Over the 7 days in the country, I never met anyone that wasn’t polite or helpful. Most evenings I had supper in pubs, yet I never ran across loud, obnoxious drunkards. It took me awhile to competently drive on the left side of the road, and in the meanwhile I made several rookie mistakes that created hazards, or at least impediments, for other drivers, but I never was the recipient of any reaction remotely close to the road rage that is so prevalent in the states. As a whole, the culture with which I interacted seemed to be comprised of regular, unpretentious folks that couldn’t have been more hospitable. I may never have the pleasure of returning to Ireland, but I will always remember how welcome I felt as a visitor to their remarkable land.
Today, ask yourself, the following questions:
I think the best summation for this topic is found in 1 Cor. 13 (NKJV). I believe that this is the perfect recipe for a successful marriage!
Even though I was a few seconds slower per mile than last year (I'll spare you the mile by mile comparison, yes, I did it), I was pleased that I was able to hold a decent pace. There are 3-4 hills (including the famous Doomsday Hill), but also a lot of downhill. I think I was strong on the uphills but really could have/should have pushed harder on the downhills.
ultimately reaching for your higher self
But then you reached into your pocket, pulled something out and I couldn’t pretend anymore.
i have given all in a relationship.
The South being what it was, the shooter, a member of the White Citizens Council and the local chapter of the Ku Klux Klan, was arrested over a year later. The South being what it was, the shooter (who will remain nameless here, because why contribute to his memory?) was acquitted twice by all-white juries.
It was more than just appearances though, it was trying to muscle through the experience of being pregnant and keep focused on staying healthy for the baby, drinking enough, resting enough, when I could barely lay on one side without having contractions start up again and feel winded.
So Joshua went up from Eglon, and all Israel with him, to Hebron; and they fought against it. And they took it and struck it with the edge of the sword—its king, all its cities, and all the people who were in it; he left none remaining, according to all that he had done to Eglon, but utterly destroyed it and all the people who were in it.
with gently rolling hills..
The dawn awakens inside my bones
This works somewhere in the eastern states. Over here, in Western Australia aka The State of the Worst Drivers Ever To Be Given A License, it doesn’t work. They’re so fucking dumb here that they are the asses who cut people off. Seriously. Even better is they brake when traffic is merging into their lane, rather than keeping the flow going nicely they actually brake to a near standstill ON THE FREEWAY to let the cars just come on in. What the fuck?!?! I have drawn numerous diagrams for friends here on how you’re meant to merge, as well as ranted and raved at them when they still don’t get it. Unfortunately there’s a whole state of shitty dumbfuck drivers here that just don’t get it.
One of the best things about having your friends know that you "do furniture" is that they always call you before they dump off their trash to the DI or Goodwill. My sweet neighbor gave me two little nightstands a while back and I finally did something with them this week.
The first time you get it, you’ve no idea until you’ve finished running and look down at your t-shirt and see the blood. And then it hurts (and even more when you get a shower afterwards). All being well you’re not wearing a white running top.
First President Obama told us that removing the 5% of the world’s oil supply that was provided by Iran with his “sanctions,” which are for the purpose of stopping Iran from doing something that it isn’t doing anyway, would not affect the price of oil. We all know how that turned out.
Paramount renamed the animation house "Famous Studios." While veterans of Fleischer Studios would be placed in charge of the studio, it is generally agreed by animation historians that the quality of Famous Studios' work would be dramatically less than that of Fleischer Studios. Much of this was due to the fact that Paramount downsized the studio a great deal, cutting both the staff and the budgets of animated shorts. While the popular Popeye cartoons would continue for years, the costly Superman shorts would be ended a year after Paramount took over Fleischer Studios. Famous Studios would introduce its own characters who would go onto become famous in their own right. Casper the Friendly Ghost, Herman & Katnip, Baby Huey, and Little Audrey were all characters who emerged in Famous Studios' cartoons. The studio also licensed popular comic strip character Little Lulu for successful series of cartoons.
Next time you’re reading a magazine, count the number of advertisements for perfumes, deodorants and air freshener products. You can even buy a room freshener with a sensor that sprays when somebody walks past. Elizabeth would have loved them.
The Evolution of Culture is a long and drawn out process. Theorists have debated exactly what culture is, how it arises, how it evolves, and how it is transmitted. Not by Genes Alone, How Culture Transformed Human Evolution by Richerson and Boyd, is a great book for some insight on these topics since there won't be debating here. Culture can have several meanings, including (from Wikipedia) 1) High culture - sophisticated taste in fine arts or humanities. 2) an integrated pattern of human knowledge, belief, and behavior that depends upon the capacity for symbolic thought and social learning or 3) the set of shared attitudes, values, goals, and practices that characterizes an institution, organization or group. For purposes of this article, I'll be focusing only on the third definition of the word culture.
When libertarians and conservative talk about the knowledge problems markets fix, they are not wrong. This lead to a logic of defending the early liberal revolutions from Marx and later Marxists are necessary steps. This is also what justifies and justified Chinese and Soviet State capitalism as necessary development since no liberal society produced a revolution that was not betrayed by liberal/social democratic forces. Red Rosa was killed by shock troops–proto-fascists–who were invited into the briefly existing revolutionary states by Social Democrats.
So this was my fourth (or fifth?) attempt at the briolette flower. (I was a little alarmed with attempt no. 3 because I seemed to be getting WORSE with practice, but I stopped and thought about where I was going wrong and kept trying). I've had these kyanite spears FOREVER, they were one of the first things I bought when I started making jewelry but they didn't fit into my initial designs and I didn't know what to do with them after that.
There’s a great line in this song that totally reminds me of you – I already told you that Guido reminded me of you. The line goes -
And I'm off...
Even if you are not interested in this position for yourself, please tell a friend!
Kuhnhenn Brewing Company Kuhnhenn Raspberry Eisbock
I've been having an email exchange with someone who used to read the blog I wrote on AOL about my dad. She was a great source of strength for me at that time. Though she doesn't comment directly on this blog, she does read every entry & email me. She is a spiritual person & was offended by my last entry.
"A peculiar anthologic maze, an amusing literary chaos, a farrago of quotations, a mere olla podrida of quaintness, a pot pourri of pleasant delites, a florilegium of elegant extracts, a tangled fardel of old-world flowers of thought, a faggot of odd fancies, quips, facetiae, loosely tied" (Holbrook Jackson, Anatomy of Bibliomania) by a "laudator temporis acti," a "praiser of time past" (Horace, Ars Poetica 173).
“Roger that, Chief,” came a solitary response.
Psalm 119:105-Your word is a lamp to my feet, and a light to my path.
6. Am I am optimist or pessimist?
During the auction, a total of 31 paintings and sculptures were sold, including a 1907 Henri Matisse painting titled “Peonies” - a white-and-blue checkered vase holding flowers - that was auctioned for $19.2 million, far above its original estimate of between $8 million and $12 million.
EDITIONS: Revolutions was released just like Reloaded. Great DVD with 2.35:1 16:9 anamorphic image, Dolby 5.1 and a second disc of extras. The Blu-ray is ported from the inferior HD-DVD format, with a Dolby True-HD 5.1 mix. Other than getting a great deal on one of the trilogy boxsets, there is no reason to own this garbage.
SHORT THROW SHIFTER
Monday August 18, 2008 - 12:07am (EDT)
If I want a story of sexual obsession, I’ll dig up a copy of 9 and 1/2 Weeks. At the time it was released, I was in college and experimenting with my own sexuality. It was fascinating and erotic and fun, and then got scary and I won’t spoil the ending. Mickey Rourke in his heyday is fantastically sexy and yet untouchable and Basinger puts on a fantastic performance.
On other fronts, we also tackled parent/teacher conference this week. All I have to say after getting Isaac's report card is that the teachers here have it easy, compared to what CA teacher have to fill out. Of course my kids are super smart with all A's (or exceeding expectation's in Isaac's case).
Humanity is a funny creation. We have a tendency to shift with time. We have a tendency to change, yet, claim that we do not. Think about that. We even lie to ourselves. Eventually, we will come to the conclusion that we have changed, but only reluctantly. I honestly think that we admit that we have changed because of our change in physical abilities. When we were young enough to be able to stay up all night, we thought nothing of it. As we grow older, and our stamina has diminished, we may find ourselves saying that old saying that “Nothing good happens after midnight.”
Granted, I am still only 12.5 kms from the cbd (or 35 minutes by car) or 60 minutes back to my beloved Windsor but I feel somewhat like Ive moved states.
Now this has a very thin formula so if you have a lot to cover this may not work for you. But due to its consistency it does make it easy to blend as it just sinks into my skin. I do not set it with a powder and it last me a whole day at uni without any caking whatsoever. I use the applicator directly onto my face and either blend with my fingers or use my foundation brush and love the results. Overall, this is definitely a light to medium coverage concealer perfect for on the go and if your not looking for any heavy duty concealing. This is definitely a repurchase in the concealer deparment for me, however I do have others im testing out so stay tuned for more reviews to come.
Cigarroa 3, Nixon 0 (girls): The Lady Toros saw an overall great team effort, with goals by Jessica Vargas, Ritzy Mendez, and Miriam Perez.
4. I mixed a matte navy shadow with an indigo one to create an extra-dark violet shade, and patted it onto my lash line using a short shader brush. Then I lined my lower lashes with a gray cream eyeliner.
It is important to know what customers and prospects already know about social media so you can target your efforts to their ability to respond online. If your target audience is largely offline, you will want to use social media inside your company rather than externally.
Love, hugs, smiles and happiness to you Betty….all the things that you bring the world.
I have not been 'here' in a while. April held a whammy for me. Beginning the first day, I got a terrible flu and was, quite literally, down for the count. I 'lost' two solid weeks, so sick that I could barely even play on my ipad (so you KNOW that was bad!) Anyway, I am much better now and back almost to 100% although I still have a cough that seems will linger for a while. I have missed Paint Party Fridays and blogging and posting on my Etsy shop, I hope to get back into the swing of things and have lots of new ideas and art to share with you soon!!
But here’s the upshot, and where the critical thinking, come in: I then remove the board to reveal a thick slab of copper metal underneath, and I tell the participant to repeat the demonstration. The results are exactly the same! Thus, through a simple application of Occam’s Razor, one can easily conclude the obvious: the Ouija board has nothing to do with the observed phenomenon.
"Thank you," she said, extending her delicate right hand in a very feminine way. "Mister?"
Resolutely planning ahead,
I squeezed her hand, and then walked into the dim morning light.. Behind me, a door shut. It was the sound of the closing of a life..
I laughingly joked to TOTT that I was having sympathy kidney stone pains, much like he had sympathy pains all throughout my pregnancy. Alas it turned out not to be a figment of my admittedly overactive imagination.
Till I caught her and held her fast
Contains Adult Content.
With “The Lorax” booming at the box office, perhaps we can convince all our citizens that we should be blooming with trees!
- 1 tsp black peppercorns
“Having the (working) experience is one thing but (having the) academic qualification is also important,” he says, adding that pursuing a masters degree in law helped him understand legal documents and terminology associated with the automotive industry better.
3/4 cup stock - beef or strong chicken
I'm thinking the writer of the '85 Bicycle Guide article, which also implies a Cino role, may have confused Alan's visit with Cino to discuss the Centurion Ironman DS of '85 after Alan signed on Dave Scott as endorser/promoter of that model, not yet on the drawing boards. Alan said he had hoped to incorporate Cino's ideas into the Ironman design but WSI nixed the idea in favor of designing it after the already successful Comp TA, another project of Alan's.
(Yep, that relaxed feeling, bring it on!!!)
It's all a bit Python-esque, isn't it? Reminiscent of the World's funniest joke sketch ...
The Penguins just looked like they couldn't keep up. We came back to win Game 4 at 10-3 and Game 5 at 3-2. But then we dropped the ball and lost the all important Game 6 at 5-1. We were out of the playoffs.
We will update when the surgery is over on Thursday.
After two weeks of trying every possible natural remedy to induce labor, and even scheduling to be induced... Archer made it very clear that only he would decide when he was coming into the world.
Back up the east coast and face the Niners on 9/30.
I've given you wisdom. (I Corinthians 1:30)
“Hello,” she said.
Roast Capon ~ use lean veal minced with herbs, spices, and truffles to stuff and reform a capon slathered in butter and roasted over and open fire
A strawberry angel food cake roll and a dark chocolate truffle cheesecake (both of which are lighter, slightly guilt-free recipes!)
Today I started my morning by dropping Ned to day care and then I took the most beautiful walk around the Harbour. I really walked hard and up and down some of the massive hills and old stone staircases we have around here. It was a really good 50 minute workout.
A few years later, I had the opportunity to work at a much larger church as a volunteer with a fantastic group of youth led by one of my favorite youth ministers ever. I followed that year up with being the intern for the summer—and once again loved the work I did and the people with whom I did it. Once again, the church was not without its issues. But it worked.
Which brings me to the current big bad, Alaric (or Evilaric) (played by Matt Davis). Really, there was nowhere to go with Alaric’s character. The secret about his ex-wife was out and he had moved on to become a parental figure to Elena (Nina Dorev) and Jeremy (Steven R. McQueen).
Since he'd abandoned his tribe, in search of something better. Something he still hadn't found, and was starting to doubt even existed.
The only avenue of initiation is through Jesus Christ and His work on the cross. Remember the words of the Lord in John 14:6. “No one cometh unto the Father but by me.” God is doing His part by inviting men and women to accept the offer of salvation. It is now up to man to claim that work on the cross and the empty tomb.
As regular readers would know, Jason has a penchant for all things French. French women (that would actually be me as I possess a French passport), Champagne, Peugeot cars (only if they don't break down), and now the 'you beaut' Tefal steam generator iron.
By the way, these cases look like the work of Benjamin Vautier (whose products for the stationery company Quo Vadis are among my favorites) but they're not. If your life is incomplete without one, you can purchase them from Latitude Sud.﻿
“”wonderful…change soon made in the manners of our inhabitants. From being thoughtless or indifferent about religion, it seemed as if all the world were growing religious, so that one could not walk thro’ the town in an evening without hearing psalms sung in different families of every street.”
Declared enemies of the Crown, Alice and Gavin have little choice but to flee to China in search of a cure. Accompanying them is Dr. Clef, a mad genius driven to find the greatest and most destructive force the world has ever seen: The Impossible Cube.
Along with my dear friend, Heather, we've been coaching a 3rd grade Destination Imagination since December. They compete on March 24th and are very much the reason for the busy days ahead of me. If you are unfamiliar with Destination Imagination and curious, you can learn more here. Hope to be back soon... Enjoy your weekends and remember to wear green!! :)
p153-4 “…it is not inadmissible to think of an epoch, and an epoch not too far distant, when humanity to ensure its survival, will find itself reduced to desisting from any further ‘making’ of history in the sense in which it began to make it from the creation of the first empires, will confine itself to repeating prescribed archetypal gestures, and will strive to forget, as meaningless and dangerous, any spontaneous gesture which might entail ‘historical’ consequences.”
That great struggle which makes up the entirety of the Christian life from first blush to final breath, the good fight of faith;
-sandwiches and lemonade for dinner
I read through all the fibro info on this Johns Hopkins site, and I was really impressed and comfortable with the info they provide, it seems very relevant, current and accurate. Please take the time to read through their site, I have provided below some good examples of the info and details they discuss.
Tinariwen — which means “empty spaces” or “deserts” in its Tuareg tongue — has grown into an ever-evolving collective with a handful of core members, which helps its sound stay fresh. On its fifth studio release, “Tassili,” the band expands its horizons further with guest artists Tunde Adebimpe and Kyp Malone (TV on the Radio), Nels Cline (Wilco) and the Dirty Dozen Brass Band. All are musicians at the top of their creative game.”
However, while our teachers gave me the technical skills required to write well, they did not teach me the most important lesion about writing. Writing is collaborative. I came about this personal discovery in tenth grade when I stuck my neck out and asked a few of newly-made my friends to read a story I was writing (in a marble composition book, of course) and provide me with feedback. I received more information about my own writing than I ever could have come up with on my own. (I also edited my best-friend-at-the-time-Amanda’s writing in the same way—with more comments on grammar, however.) I loved seeing their reactions across the room as they read a twist or puzzle that I introduced in the story and their frustration when it did not go how they expected (or when I ended in the middle of a sentence because the bell rang). We often did not pay attention in Chemistry, or Economics, or even English class, choosing instead to read and write our stories.
Happy Fall Y'all!
Lord, You are God of all, and all the world in its fullness is Yours. Help us to be people who advance Your will, not those who hinder it. Don’t let our ways, our education, our doctrines get in the way of how You may choose to work. May we not be so rigid or stubborn that we miss what You’re doing, Holy Spirit. Give us a fresh vision of Your Kingdom and aid our imaginations in finding creative solutions to bring freedom, hope, and love to Your world. It is by Your love and grace that our lives are true testimonies of Your ability to use anyone. We continue the cry of Isaiah: send us, Lord, send us. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, Amen.
The husband re-heated some for leftovers and said it may have been even better the second time around, so I might make sure I have 2 pounds of shrimp the next time I make this so we can have more to go around – because I have found a casserole I LOVE!
As we join in His march of Victory, we must always keep in mind, brethren, that although the Ultimate Work of Grace on the Cross, is perfect and complete in Christ through eternity – it is only through a continuously active Faith that we can appropriate and bring the eternal graces of that Victory into manifestation in our lives – that is, into this natural space-time continuum in which we exist! That is why we must Let Love Reign in our hearts in all that we think or do or say.
I picked up this excellent Lp this past weekend knowing absolutely nothing about the band, however I did notice that this record was on the Guardian label who also brought us the might Mythra.
Thank you so much for dropping by! I'm sorry but I haven't had time to go visiting while I'm traveling. Wherever you are, I hope you are well and enjoying creating! Drop by more desks at Julia's Stamping Ground!
Step 1: Notice the stress. (Regular meditation practice makes it easier to notice when you are experiencing stress.)
Was up early and had coffee with my pretty bride, then she was off to the truck company and also the restaurant for the first time in a week, she promised if she tired out she would leave early.
There are three things that really stick out to me about this story:
On Monday I drove home from work convinced Kamel didn't love me anymore. Why you ask? Because I was on my period. And no matter what anyone says - hormones have much to do with life, and can make normally sane people, crazy. So when I got home that day I crawled into bed and played Super Mario Brothers on the DS, still fully clothed, and waited for Kamel to come home.
No Words No Warning,
An update on the scissors. They are titanium coated blue with convex blades with adjustable tension dial screw.
Somewhere on the far side of the vale beyond that grim scarp, Van Raighan fled with his secrets. Notia was saying something, but Pevan blocked her out, reached for the nook at the back of her mind where she'd stored the memory of the previous gate. She cringed at the throb of her head as she spun the final Gate in the sequence, but it opened in the untamed grass at their feet without a hitch.
2. A lying tongue. Gossip. Gossip is idle talk or rumour about the personal affairs of others. A friend of mine once uttered these words,” I am a ballroom dancer and I was born to judge. That’s right, I’m judging you.” Like complaining, I really shouldn’t do it. Yet, I can’t help myself. Things are happy, things are great and yet, someone just took my coke can away. I need to complain about this pronto. Gossip is terrible right? But appears to be my divine right. In good times and bad times, I just do it, as if it has a purpose, because I think it does.
By the way, before I get a lecture, I have been taking multivitamins and exercising more. So there.
and an even deeper level of understanding.
When I was seventeen I walked into a locker room where a bunch of older boys were holding down a freshman and shoving his wet underwear in his nose and mouth. Apparently they saw pee stain on his tighty whiteys and decided to humiliate him. (And why NOT? He was younger, a little chubby, and quickly started to cry pitifully. What fun, right?)
Sometimes I borrow half a dozen movies from the library spend Friday night kicking off a weekend of watching them all. Other times I borrow half a dozen movies and decide to ignore them and not watch any at all! I spend many a Friday night catching up on DVR-ed TV shows, reading chapters upon chapters of books, or playing Tetris until my thumbs are sore. Other Friday nights I take a bubble bath, paint my toenails, or putter around the house with beauty potions and pastes on my skin and in my hair.
"Go ask your father. I think he's in the garage."
His chin rests upon the crown of my golden hair and my skull vibrates with every word he cries out: ‘Why, Minerva? Why did you defend that villain? Don’t die on me…’ And he weeps right there, my beautiful Young Master who is so confident actually starts crying.
Mind you, if you are one of these three commenters, you must play along too by blogging a similar post and pledging to make a surprise for the first three people who comment on it.
I'm thinking this is going to be more than one post for our second day in Savannah. If you need to catch up on our trip, it start right here.
like a roll of thunder.
But the place where we are is, surprisingly, the place of love and peace after all; since the death of Christ defied even the worst consequences of our human decisions, and the Resurrection, the ‘being-raised’, of Christ insisted that our worst and most perverse and most idiotic decisions could still be outbid, outplayed, by the most insightful and most committed of human beings, in whose body and soul God our Father flooded a human sterility with a divine vitality. Love outmanoeuvred death, after all.
Racism is still here. I don’t know of anyone in America that knows this more than black males. Racism is just a part of life…for us. It was and is just part of the journey. No big deal.
More good news: More Belgian beer on draft than ever.
Cally has some advice for anyone thinking of writing a novel. 'I’m not much of a plotter,' she says. 'I tend to know the beginning and the ending and let the characters tell me how to get there. But breaking your idea into chapters can be helpful as it reduces it to manageable chunks. Try not to be over-awed by how long a novel is and set yourself little targets like “I’ll write 500 words today,” or “I’m going to keep writing until I finish this scene”. Writing is such a solitary business that joining a writing group can be helpful too. You can swap notes with other writers, encourage each other to keep going or even challenge each other to write a certain number of words by a certain date.'
One day, a commercial came on for engagement rings, and I casually asked her, “Mom, do you remember when Dad proposed to you?” Suddenly her eyes lit up, as if I had unlocked a long-forgotten memory that brought her great joy. She proceeded to tell me the proposal story in great detail, which was more than I had heard her talk in weeks. I discovered Mom retained many vivid recollections of her past, and she seemed delighted to tell me her stories. All I had to do was ask a good question.
And, in this passage, he is a stranger. I watch the painting form in purely technical terms, interpret its steps in light of its end instead of understanding his work in the moment. My experience as a visual artist leads me to different conclusions about those paintings now—he was doing what seemed right. He wanted them perfect. They may have been the closest he came to perfection in his sloppy life, and the additional layers of paint and scrubbed colors evinced desperate hope, not the inevitable disappointment I assigned them then. When they felt finished, he stopped. Perhaps he couldn’t tell how good they were at all. Maybe time had to tell that.
SKSAH Blog (sksahblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
The need to feel that we are giving of ourselves for the benefit of other living things – that we are contributing to life itself…
Not really, but that’s because I’ve not told anyone. Really, I haven’t. I’ve kept it a secret from everyone. But if I have to say if something’s changed, my heart rate has definitely doubled since then. Instead of “beat-beat” I now have a “be-be-a-bea-t-beat.” Don’t get me wrong, I seriously thought it was a joke. There wasn’t anything like a surprise party or some old guy walking up to me saying “Surprise!” while I was putting on my helmet. But I’m honored beyond words.
Hope you enjoyed seeing my card and will come back when time allows. I DO LOVE COMMENTS
We got a few hours kip in a fairly posh resort (too fancy for a bunch of fishing journo’s) before leaving for Keppeluna Marina. Awaiting was a 40 ft catamaran owned by a guy who had copious amounts of cash and hospitality to match. Coffees, breakfast, lunch, freshly caught fish… this dude had it covered. It wasn’t until later however that we discovered Tourism Queensland paid $2,500 for the service.
So, Christina and I have decided that we’re no longer going to buy refined sugar. Either by itself or as an ingredient in anything. No doubt this will be difficult, but “nothing worth doing is ever easy” as the saying goes. It will probably take us a month or so just to go through all the stuff in our house that does have sugar (I doubt I can convince Christina to throw it out), but after that, I’m hoping never to buy sugar again. I’m not sure how to handle the kids yet though. Obviously, they won’t be eating anything with sugar in it at home, but what about outside the home? It’s my hope that as they grow up, we can teach them that the benefits from living without it far outweighs the momentary enjoyment they might get, and that they will decide for themselves to stay away from sugar. But right now, that’s a little beyond their grasp. I guess our options are:
Burns Therapeutics – Products under Investigation by Universities/Institutes 20
2. When you walk by the way; As you are up and walking around looking at this great land and all the enemies that were defeated that were great and mightier than you what more would there be to talk about? Thankfulness comes to mind.
Charlie Pace’s Drive Shaft ring: $9,000
Silent Scream is the latest hardback from Karen Rose. It starts with an arson that goes wrong as an innocent young girl is killed. The four college students who set the fight thought that awful night was over with but someone else was there that night – someone who is not going to let them forget.
I'm lucky that the public dental services in my area are really good. These services can really vary a lot in availability according to where you live, I have found. I had been to this clinic before to get my wisdom teeth removed. Everyone there is really friendly and professional, and the individuals work together as a team well. So, when a piece of one of my molars broke off last week, leaving a sharp edge, I called them straight away. Well, once business hours started. It helps to have these things happen on a weekday.
Brad scratched his head, closed and shelved the book. The bird I identified was taken from the section of coastal birds that primarily eat fish. My rescuer was a Sea Hawk, an Osprey. That’s it. It’s the Osprey. The Osprey is my spirit guide.
Or to descretly remove the bark in a ring around an apple tree, and then carefully put the dirt back to cover your tracks?
So in support of this momentous occasion we at La Rectoria are holding a whisky tasting in conjunction with Celler de Ca la Mariona, Olot on that day.
And was reminded what a crappy dish it really is, even in the hands of, so we were assured, Vienna’s schnitzelmeisters. Why did it ever get famous….
So far, only the DAP’s Karpal Singh has consistently argued for a law to stop defections. The rest from both sides have refused to be drawn into such a commitment, preferring perhaps to keep the options open.
I get the idea that your job is no fun. But why? This is an important question. It could be that it's just not fun, what you do, like being a public defender. No fun and low pay. But perhaps a great sense of fulfillment.
There are all kinds of ways to think about those books. My favourite approach is to treat them as the equivalent of gateway drugs. If someone is buying a book like Arthus-Bertrand’s Earth from Above isn’t it possible that that person then might be interested in other photobooks? By those books Colberg means the likes of Anne Geddes or Artus-Bertrand (of Earth From Above)—the kind of books you find in your local Barnes & Noble. Gateway drugs? So Anne Geddes might be a gateway to Anouk Kruithof? I suppose it's possible. Shall we also say that JCPenney's is the gateway to becoming a hipster? Tintin comics a gateway to Proust? It could happen.
The cure? A short skirt.
The thing I liked most about this novel was the humor. The author throws humor into the oddest situtaions, and the laughs are creative, and you definitely don't see them coming. The plot was creative as well, fast-paced and not horribly complicated, but just complicated enough to where it kept you guessing. The main characters was a spunky, realistic heroin who was tough but not too tough, and who I felt like I could relate to -- and her "love interest" (not too much of an interest in this book, but will probably grow to be one in the next book(s) Morelli was a great character with an almost familiar charm.
This is a recipe that I don’t have exact measurements for. I usually go by what I feel is enough of one particular spice or another. I will give you the ingredients, approximate amounts I use and approximate time for baking them but you can adjust and improve to your taste. Also, being cooked in the oven you don’t have to worry about a grill or smoker.
* Place water, egg, tang zhong (use 75g), sugar, salt, bread flour, cake flour, milk powder in the pan of the bread machine (according to the sequence as stated in the instruction manual of your bread machine). Make an indentation on the flour and add in the instant yeast. Select the Dough function of the bread machine and press start. Leave the lid of the machine open (this is to prevent over heating). After about 10mins of kneading, add in the 45g of butter. Let the machine continue to knead the dough. After the kneading cycle has stopped (20mins), Stop and Restart the machine. Continue to let the machine knead for another 20mins. Remove dough from the bread pan.
For those who regard the whole thing as a left-wing anti-capitalist plot:
The agency, which celebrated its 45th anniversary last August, was created under the Civil Rights Act of 1964. It is the only federal agency that exists to assist state and local governments, organizations and community groups in preventing and resolving racial and ethnic tensions.''
The story goes that this took place after it was discovered that the arch was too narrow for the widest of the new-fangled coaches but there are some doubts over this, particularly as the gold state coach passed under it during Queen Elizabeth II’s coronation in 1952. Another story says that it was moved after extensions to Buckingham Palace left insufficient space for it.
the other day, i was on the phone with f, and hollered to her mom “i miss you!” her mom replied, “i miss your positive attitude.”
“Exactly! And they can make all kinds of toast. What else can they make?”
If guests are going to stress you out, or a big wedding is going to drive you into debt, eloping as just the two of you, is always an option. We enjoyed every minute! Your family will understand; this is your day after all.
1. I had about 5 fewer Sierra Nevada Pale Ales under my belt this time.
- Connie Willis is one of my favorite authors. Blackout came out in February and All Clear is the second half of the story and came out this week. I’ve been haunting Audible and the e-reader store for the release date.
So now I have an enormous lump of plastic on my desk in the studio which refuses to do anything at all, and if anyone has advice on how to get the blasted thing working again, please let me know!! xx
With beauty before me may I walk
Hutchison’s writing style and natural humour and wit reminded me a lot of Terry Pratchett and Garth Nix. I was smiling throughout the story because the characters themselves are so well written and come out with some cracking lines.
How I hated having a Dutch name, which might (horror of horrors!) have labelled me a "Boer" - especially as my father consorted with people like the Duke of Connaught, I had an aunt who had been presented at court, and, as a member of a Brownie pack, I had once proudly seen my father welcome Lord and Lady Clarendon on the steps of our Town Hall. Flags hung at half-mast and all places of business were closed on the day of my father's death.
6Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.
One-year anniversary of the death of OBL. President Obama does an ad to highlight that the successful raid took place during his administration. Sparks off controversy as his opponents, the Republicans, decry this move. Thing is, under George W Bush’s re-election campaign, they were doing the same thing to the then Democratic presidential candidate, John Kerry. And then some. So it’s okay for you to do it, but not for your opponent?
And that's all, folks.
Exactly two months ago, on August 23, I posted my first few items in BlissAndVinegar & by the time I woke up the next morning my very first item posted was sold. I kept posting, kept collecting, kept hoping against hope that all of my preparations over the year leading up to actually opening my Etsy store would pay off.
Slamming hard fast and deep inside her pussy
I’ve only had a chance to read the first two short stories and I love them. This is one of those series where as soon as I finish a book, I want to read the next. It’s also one of only a hand full of book series that I am so into that I don’t mind doling out the money for hardcover editions.
Speaking for the first time since the shooting, Charlie Blanch, 22, who was shot in the leg at the center, said on Wednesday, “In the midst of this, I know that God is good. And He’s helped my legs heal. I wholeheartedly forgive Matthew Murray, and my prayers go out to his family,” according to Rocky Mountain News.
I saw this post on my cousin's blog and liked it so much that I slipped the questions from her blog into my pocket. I'm like Dodger...or rather a Blodger. heh. heh. Yeah. Lame joke.
Finally, Drunvalo has recently founded his most complete teaching in a facility called School of Remembering with teachers who have started their global work. Drunvalo graduated from U.C. Berkeley with a degree in Fine Arts. He also has a minor in physics and math. He lives in Sedona, AZ, with his (also) loving wife, Claudette. He has six grandchildren.
So unlike yesterday
It was a marvel to watch Queen City literally set up for the evening from scratch to finish in what would be a sold-out bout; volunteers everywhere, laying down the track, ticket sellers, ticket takers, crew installing lights overhead into the ceiling, putting out the bleachers, handle a session for the entire league photo, photo mediator B-17 dealing with press, the ongoing Queen’s Court chitchat, zebras and roster boards, a bake sale setup for the Ice Ice Babies who are the Queen City Roller Girls junior team, a band setup and stage for half time intermission, merchandise table, concession and food, stats table, scoreboard table, power bars, putting up sponsors banners including Mighty Taco, setting out the players benches and penalty bin, video crew in the form of Mr. Fit, Mama Chops out to handle the after-party setup for her ladies, players and teams rolling in to get changed and warming up on the track, it was indeed the universal experience of game day. All thanks to the biggest fan of the league who would be the owner of Rainbow Roller Rink. While all this unfolded around me, what had accrued from the experience of travelling on the road or even being at home amongst the leagues in and around Toronto and the grand experience of Blood and Thunder World Cup, was more than an enabler in knowing how to deal and what questions to ask. Where to shoot. How to shoot. In other words: How to fit in.
Mini rainbow snow skin mooncakes by Geok Lian
If you doubt my words, please be reminded how little ‘MyOverseasVote’ movement had progress.
Now, I've been reading about the Law of Attraction for close to 20 years but have never managed to make any real changes in my life. I've used positive thinking, and written down affirmations, and made gratitude lists, and created vision boards, and practiced feng shui, and none of it ever really made much of a difference. I've been stuck in the same crappy job for 16 years, been living in the same tiny house for 20, and still apparently haven't learned a damn thing about attracting a healthy relationship. Obviously there was something I wasn't getting.
“It’s uh maize” – I can’t resist a good pun…or a bad one. My friends know me as the self-proclaimed Queen of Corn!
Like I’m sure is the case with many people, whether they choose to admit it or not, whenever there’s a new reality TV show cropping up on the ol’ box, no matter how strong my intention is to, I always somehow manage to get sucked into it eventually. The latest one to grace our screens has been The Voice. Originally airing in the US, the show has been brought over to the UK and is enjoying a riotous boom of popularity, as judges Jessie J, Tom Jones, will.i.am & The Script‘s Danny O’Donoghue rely on what they hear rather than what they can see to complete their teams of ten. Whilst the show is still peppered with the typical sob stories used to whip up an emotional storm from viewers at home, I do at least commend the format for at least focusing on what really matters here: the voice, and not the ‘full package‘, as that industry tyrant Simon Cowell so pathetically calls it, which means the singer has to have a face for magazines, not for the radio.
But if this ditty is not so pretty
the law.
You can get extra chances to win the giveaway if you:
Offside
Itching may occur if the infected people becomes susceptible to antigenic constituents of saliva that lice inject simultaneously supply your head. After feeding the insects generally live in an ambush near the hair until you get hungry again. Then you can in addition pick home remedies such as olive oil, alone or in combination with essential oils, or vinegar. Head lice are becoming harder to destroy. You will feel something itchy on your head now and then.
On the whole, audiences tend to perceive more easily aspects that may not be included on the original purposes of the artist, things like: walking, breathing, coughing; unavoidable characteristics of someone recording. Maybe is a sound failure while taking the record but I like to think that is a deliberate act and a personal sound signature of the artist.
"Most powerful" is very hard to define as well, because you've got both mass, and velocity to account for; and the standard objective power metric of "muzzle energy", isn't necessarily a good predictor of combat, defensive, or hunting effectiveness.
It took me a few chapters to really get into this book. However, once I did I was swept into the world of balls, carriage rides, and Sunday visiting hours. While not overly heavy with historical facts, there is enough history thrown in to appease most readers. Mentions of Gramercy Park, Admiral Dewey, and the corruption that ran rampant in NYC politics at the time serve as a subtle backdrop for the scandalous lives of the main characters. I do wish the setting played a bigger part in the story. At times, it felt like the setting was merely background and the story could have been taking place anywhere, at anytime. Godbersen has an opportunity to really make NYC an important character, if you will, and I hope she takes advantage of that.
157. Southwestern Chicken & Pasta @ Mom & Dad’s (Pottstown, PA) 5:50 p.m.
john 20:21
What do you find you need to remind yourself to do?
The goal of parenting is not to produce good children, but good adults. The good child is marked by docility, the good adult by character. The word discipline comes from the word disciple. Discipline, therefor is not punishment. Children are not Pavlov's dogs, to be be programmed with rewards and punishments. They are human beings, persons of infinite worth and dignity. They deserve not only to be treated as persons, but to know that we regard them as persons, that we value them, their intellects, their wills, their feelings, their desires, their needs, their judgments as much as we would have them value ours.
In the days prior to meeting Glen, he proved to be the perfect fur-child parent. He asked all the right questions about Abbey's habits, lifestyle, and likes/dislikes. He asked about her training and what made her tick. He asked about the best way to handle her fears and anxiety. He cared... already... and tremendously... we loved him.
I hope this finds you well!
Regulator John – Queens of the Stone Age
on top of scouring pages and pages of home information -
So. Do tell. *stirs tea and waits*
And, of course, in the usual way of Sod’s Law, the minute I put on a sleeveless dress, the vicinity becomes crammed full of things worth pointing at.
As a globalist Simpleton despises the BNP so here I critique his latest attack on us on his blog in The Telegraph ;
Available for purchase at:
Stitch Idees (Vol. 11, samples shown above) is another Japanese embroidery magazine available for download. Less for the beginner and more challenging, this magazine provides an array of projects and patterns suitable for sweet lovers as well as classic lolitas or those more inclined to natural-kei or morigirl style. Lace cutwork collars, 3D satin-stitched pillboxes, and fairytale-like traditional cross-stitch patterns of red birds adorn the pages. Some of these projects may be hard to discern from the Japanese pages if you're not familiar with advanced embroidery such as Hardanger, ribbonwork, or beadwork.
Now if anybody had seen me at half past five sat in the chair, head nodding – you know the way I mean – when your chin banging on your chest wakes you up, they would have never have believed that less than an hour later I would be out running. But then that’s the plus side of having someone to run with, that extra bit of motivation to get you out of the door. Thanks Gill!
Of course, we cannot all create our own browsers, office suites, editors, and operating systems. We don’t, generally speaking, build our own cell phones, cars, or houses, either. As Kamp points out, the makers of these other products are liable for defects, and that creates a set of incentives that make it reasonable to trust the builder of a house:
Alright that is all for now. Here are some pictures I took of him on Monday for his 2 month old portraits. I am going to put some of them side by side his 1 week and 1 month pictures to compare and plan to do one for each month :)
29. Sponsali (03:26) (Performed by Pino Ferrara)
a good yard sale
Wergeland E, Strand K. Working conditions and prevalence of pre-eclampsia, Norway 1989. Int J Gynaecol Obstet 1997; 58: 189-196.
our disease, our failed relationships, our joblessness, and we don’t think we deserve
Linda, Jo and The Quilted Crows.
Have a wonderful month!
A. You’ve used Facebook Questions to ask your publication’s mostly college-aged followers how they listen to music. The results:
Later in the series I will talk about leaving the idea of the job behind. Of what true skills mean and how they protect us. Of how to look for work instead of a job.
His analysis may just explain how brilliant Indian scientists are being intellectually suffocated in India.
Sarah and I met through a writing competition (Undiscovered Voices). She was one of the judges and I one of the fortunate winners. That was back in the day when 'Devil's Kiss' was still called 'God's Killer'. We met and chatted and soon after I joined Greenhouse Literary Agency. At that point the Greenhouse comprised me and Sarah and her dog.
The less-than-peaceful times roll through like summer storms, and we are all getting better, now, at letting them wash over us without sweeping us away....
My first meal from the book came from that chapter. I just couldn't resist trying the Soy Curl Vindaloo:
Every second to tick by
For me it'll be kick ass! I'll probably be the drunk guy throwing up on your shoes!
Today's photo safari is special because the awesome Eryl, from the "Kitchen bitch ponders", joined in on the fun! Eryl, F, and I each contributed a theme, which were "Change", "Mundane", and "Vital", and over the course of two weeks we each took a shot for each theme.
You have to wonder though, what about the victims who might not able to look forward to the years ahead if their life, faith, families and chance of functional relationships have been destroyed how is Cardinal Brady’s going to comfort them?
If we look at “Art Exhibitions Websites” as a keyword string we find the creme de la creme in terms of Art Galleries, Museums and other Art institutions competing for top positions – in fact over 165,000,000 ! Plus tons of Google Ads over many pages.
‘You hurt and disappoint me, Jeeves,’ I said, sipping a couple of sips and getting suaver all the time. ‘I could understand your attitude if the object under advisement were something bushy and waxed at the ends like a sergeant-major’s, but it is merely the delicate wisp of vegetation with which David Niven has for years been winning the applause of millions. When you see David Niven on the screen, you don’t recoil in horror, do you?’
Signals Intelligence (SIGINT)
V6 is also fascinating: (From the ESV Study Bible) “From Antioch in Pisidia, Paul and Timothy travel far northward, and then westward. Natural human wisdom would have led them to think they should preach the gospel in all the cities that they passed through, but instead the Holy Spirit directed them on a 400-mile journey by foot to Troas. They must have had a strong sense of the Spirit’s direct guidance and concluded that he would guide others to preach the gospel in the northern regions of Asia.”
to foreigners with signs erected and guards
so that should give an indication of its size.
Well, it’s not a long list. But it’s more than one. And May stretches ahead with many opportunities to be accomplished. Let’s celebrate the beginning of Better Speech and Hearing Month by posting things we feel accomplished about as speech-language pathologists.
However, that is not what I am sharing with you today. I wanted to post this recipe for chocolate chip coconut cookies that I made while Lauren Vittles was here.
Decorative Concrete: Pattern & Skin Stamped, Integral Color, Acid Stained, Antiquing, Interior & Exterior, Commercial & Residential.
Remember, this is a contest for an Infowars.com reporter. Although we appreciate music videos, comedy, and mini-documentaries, these kind of videos will not be considered. Take your cues from Alex’s Nightly News show. We need straight up video journalism.
Smile, be brave and know that you have given God a precious gift. You have given Him the gift of your youth and beauty. The amazing thing about God is that He will not be outdone in generosity. He'll take that gift you've given Him and transform it into the most amazing gift you've ever known. In the blink of an eye you're going to see your children grow up and become beautiful and handsome, strong and full of youthful vigor. Some of them might even get married and someday have children of their own. Your gift of youth and beauty will be multiplied many times over as each generation repeats the giving.
He lived up to his controversial reputation Tuesday, describing himself as a “self-hating Israeli Jew” and comparing Israeli policy to Nazism.
I tried heating it up and whipping it again, but it was a complete loss. That's all right...I felt a little odd about eating so much butter, anyway. I made a basic cream cheese frosting instead.
Indeed, whether or not I loved the final product, I still have tremendous respect for Jacobs’ mission, which I would have probably given up on by about the letter B. The Know-It-All is also an easy enough book to read. Because Jacobs essentially jots down anecdotes as he goes through different Britannica entries, there are plenty of stopping places. In fact, The Know-It-All might make an adequate, if somewhat ironic, bathroom book (so might the Britannica itself, for that matter).
When I had extra Cream Puff Dough that I didn't know what to do with....
I thought, "Yeah, right."
Once Upon a Time in the West(1968)(story by Argento)
'I'm sorry but I cannot let you do that. I'd lose my job! And what if something should happen?' protests the driver, wishing he'd never gone to work that morning.
with your snail mail info so I can get
Place the second cake on top and do a crumb coating by doing up the entire cake in a thin layer of ganache. Try and smooth it out as much as possible. If you ask me, this is the hardest part of frosting a cake.
Over the years in between then and now, I could match maternal moans blow-for-blow with other mums. But the truth is, he’s a great kid who’s given us very little heartache so far and has shown amazing maturity about some of the problems we have faced.
Living instead, on whatever good that’s left,
H - Time waits for no man.
He not only provided us with beer (which we greatly appreciate), but some entertaining quotes. When a suspicious man wearing a large backpack (an obvious HBG stalker) entered the bar, without missing a beat Joel stated, "He's hear to kill us all!" If you didn't find that funny, you obviously weren't drinking three buck Indiana beers all night.
If the projections hold, the $423 million spent by the Sheriff’s Office in the year that ends Feb. 28 would be 14 percent more than Commissioners Court planned when it passed the county budget last year.
Years ago, I owned an herb nursery called Lost Prairie Herb Farm which shipped live herb plants all over the US. One of my very favorite plants was creeping thyme, of which there are many varieties, and I loved them all. This one provides a dense carpet which, starting this time of year, covers itself with breathtaking deep-pink/purple flowers. Exquisite! It's just beginning that process right now.
Perhaps you noticed the theme here: many food makers are taking advantage of your desire to make healthy food choices by selling you “healthy” food options that are actually no better than the junk you are trying to abandon. To protect yourself, always read the labels and learn to separate facts from jargon.
What? I thought Rowan was hanging out in the woods with the mad Uncle? And when did Dad kick the bucket?
to understand
From the seniors to the youngsters everyone loves to wear watches. The contemporary technology and options have increased the choices for the people to select their watches according to their needs and the style preferences. There were times, when the watches were generally worn by the men, however as women started to work, plenty of options in the watches started emerging in the world markets.
It turns out that the standard, which may have been intended primarily to prevent a person accused of adultery from being executed without extraordinary evidence, is so demanding that a non-sharia based-law is used to punish rape, with much less severe punishments, in many Muslim countries. The reported rape rates in Muslim countries are so astonishingly low that I am inclined to think that these crimes are just not being reported.I felt I needed to expand greatly on my previous comment about rape and shame in the islamic world:
If you havent already started to watch this show, I suggest you really should. Theflyinglap.com, is a webcast and audio download going out every Wednesday at 6pm UK time. Peter Windsor runs this show from a studio in London. He’s had guests as varied as Frank Williams to John Surtees, Willem Toet and Sergio Rinland on the technical side. The show is an hour of live F1 chat with journalist and people within F1, often with aftershow chat continuing for upto an hour after the live show. the show is then available from smibs.tv, youtube and available as a free I-tunes download.
Being my helpful self, I stayed in the air conditioning. When he was done I brought him some tea.
As I find my way home
Reading this next for my English class. Very excited, since I've always wanted to read Hamlet.
Prospero, privileged among men, has a daughter Miranda. Both are meshed in a world of wealth, comfort and servants, removed from the rigours of life, as we know it. At the dead of night everything ceases to be. Father and child exiled. Put to sea.
under many pointed fingernails
We dropped the cute crab off with my mom and then headed out. Turned up the music and sang Jack's favorite Incubus song.
1 tablespoon thinly sliced shallot
Turmericpowder 1 tsp
The couple, who are the organisers of the annual national jukskei competition for senior citizens in Kroonstad, were attacked in their kitchen at about 21:00 on Tuesday.
I am not wanting...
Rivers are the mothers of every metal carp of the mountains
One of the common traits of human behaviour I seem to encounter regularly is that of not visiting tourist attractions if they happen to be on our own doorstep. From time to time I visit friends around the UK and ask them questions about local cathedrals, museums, galleries or monuments near their home. Very often the response is along the lines of “Oh, well……we’ve never actually been there ourselves, but we’d be delighted to go with you!”.
Below is a funny video of Pie and Sovey doing what they do best. Pie is eating furiously and Sovereign is seriously thinking about dismantling my snow fence marker. (Mute your sound to avoid high pitched buzzing.)
That'll keep us busy :D
Typeset Level 2 papers
Young female motorists have been disappearing around this area. We find out that they are being misdirected with this detour barrier (like in 2000 MANIACS) that leads them to a spooky old mansion where a mysterious Dr. Marlowe and his 'dead' wife live.
It is a very common side effect from brain surgery, to develop a condition called Aphasia. Marissa's condition is more of a moderate Broca Aphasia. Basically, everything she knows and has learned her entire life, is still inside the brain- but her mouth is having a hard time pronouncing those things. It's just a dissconnection from brain directing the mouth what to say. SO TRUST ME she definitely doesn't need anything watered down for her, she just needs understanding from people around her. She is still our spicy little Marissa- she just has to push thru the after effects of such a large surgery.
Well, the answer to a lot of your questions will be answered - okay, so my hope, prayer, desire and goal is that they will be answered in Abby and Basil's NEVERLOVE. This story has actually taken me by surprise. YOU all have taken me by surprise. Your interest, your reactions, your comments touched my heart. I never told anyone, but a few times I actually just smiled and shed a few tears. Although I haven't published this novel as of yet, I can truly see the soulful boon from putting out a story readers WANT to read.
On a side note: I made my first "French joke" last week.
I used a strip showing the backside of each paper to cover the space at the bottom that didn't get covered by the first piece I glued down. All I did was cut the paper 9" across. It was leftover paper from another project. I'm not sure what the length was. lol! But it left about an inch and a half at the bottom of the clipboards. I just cut a notch out of the top to accomodate the clippy part of the clipboard and Mod Podged it to the board. Can't wait to add some of the kids' artwork to it!
Radio 2 is really scraping the barrel for phone-in topics these days. He was quoting from a new Patrick Moore interview, with the Radio Times, where he also extolled his deranged views that:
They call me the crazy man
According to Country Life, October 2002, "Alnwick is the most picturesque market town in Northumberland, and the best place to live in Britain".
…because I’m insane.
Until 1996 there were 54 textile mills in Mumbai: 51 composite mills and 3 spinning. Of these 25 were in the state sector, being nationalized mills, and the rest were in private hands. The National Textile Corporation (NTC) had been formed after the nationalization of mills by the Indira Gandhi govt, in 1974. The idea of nationalization was to protect jobs and save the industry from sickness. Now however, NTC is behaving in exactly the same way as the private owners, in lack of accountability, real estate profiteering and outright fraud. In fact the NTC did not even want to follow the DCR and give a part of the land to the city and for common purposes, even if they were being given equal land outside the island city in exchange.
I will twist to serve my own purpose and scream to express my own dreams and nightmares,
While I was away, a sex scene was shot between Alex Reid and the lead actress, the director’s girlfriend/partner.
And that is the direction in which the United States of America is headed.
KH: It's two different things I would say.
Mirdza Kempe was a well known Latvian poet and Eriks Adamsons was a famous writer, her former husband and on and off lover. Janis Berzinsh was a nobody. I wished I was filing away index cards of my own objects sporting famous people’s sperm spots and had discreet lovers/admirors who would not part with the objects I had given to them as tokens of my affection.
I really do hate the two words “I’m sorry”. It’s not that easy, is it? To be able to say those two words and then expect everything to be okay. I really never could fathom how naïve we’ve become. It’s not our fault though. From the beginning whenever we made a mistake, we were asked to apologies; it was to train us to have proper manners but all it taught us was one simple motto. Make mistakes and then say sorry.
Craft improvements aside for the moment, I gotta say, it was nice to be back inside the mind of Frank Trigg. At times Frank's mind can be a pretty strange, horny and awkward place, but most times it isn't that different than being inside my own. Sure, he'll make you cringe with some of his naughty thoughts, the worst of which pop up at the most inopportune times, but Frank is a pretty lovable guy, with a big heart, and after some of the events that unfold in At the Gates I'm very interested to see where his character arc goes from here on out.
Highlights of visit: Very clean and spacious enough even for those of us with sharp pointy elbows. Excellent Niagara-esque flush ability.
You can enter more than once. A winner will be chosen from the Random Drawing for week #7 challenge and will be announced Friday March 2. This winner will win a 2 packages of Zva Swirl Pearls. The winner will also be entered in the end of the year $100 gift certificate drawing.
E@L has been pumping the asphalt (or doing c-p stuff in the gym; HR at 125bpm or so) every day, mostly, for the last two weeks. And is off the grog. It's merely a matter of willpower, of becoming the person who you have chosen for yourself to be in the power of visualizing... yada yada. He's on a diet and a get fit kick. Maybe it's the massive negative incentive of having committed to give $5k to a cause he detest (maybe some TCM university studying how best to exterminate endangered species for fun and profit when aspirin or Viagra would work just as well - sorry, I mean would work; maybe the Scientology nutters...) if he can't knock 10% off his body-weight in three (3, count 'em) months. Bruce is holding the signed cheque and will make the decision about where the money goes. Seriously, no muckin' abart...
This week’s questions is: What book took you the longest to read, and do you feel it was the content or just the length that made it so?
I am standing stage right up by the barricade. To my right there is a large green expanse about 20 feet in diameter where no one stands. A dozen or more people have broken away from the crowd into this empty area and have made it their own private regression zone for the worship of music in their way. Hop hop, switch foot, hop hop, switch foot. It is peaceful, hypnotic even. I am not familiar with their way of appreciation, nor would I participate, but I get it. They have something to say about the music, and shouted words will not suffice.
First off… I don’t hate Justin Bieber. I don’t hate Miley Cyrus or Katy Perry or Avatar. At most, I have no real opinion at all of Bieber. I can’t name a song of his, I didn’t see his movie. My only thought about Justin Bieber is that he makes me feel old. I always have this sneaking feeling that if I were 17 I would understand his deal, and I feel like I’m so far removed from knowing his deal that it sort of depresses me.
In this first of the 19th Year Trilogy, Winn might know more about Mac than even she does, and that knowledge could end their lives, unless Mac ensures the powers-that-be have no choice but to keep him around.
It's a beautiful day, unlike the rainy one eight years ago when she entered the world.
The final chapter will be putting laminate flooring down just as soon as I can match what is already on the main floor of my house. This should be interesting...never installed flooring before. Then again, I haven't done a lot of the stuff that I am learning to do.
After topping it with more whipped cream and then the second layer of cake, I whipped up 3 batches of cream cheese buttercream, and set a bit of it aside (since I would be neededing white frosting). To the rest of the frosting, I added a combination of Americolor "fuschia" and "soft pink" to get the perfect color of pink. Then I did a quick crumb coat over the entire cake, and then a second smooth coating on the top. And for the sides, I piped the vertical stripe pattern with a large basketweave tip.
Now we have a strange new world to survive (and conquer), full of left-behind dangers.
I went swimming instead.
Continuing on my series of rectal related reflections, I bring to you a piece of art I discovered some years ago. It's a video piece entitled: "Colon Karaoke". It utilisises a video documenting a colonoscopy being carried out on the artist, Brina Thurston.
Our family pediatrician saw Goldie that day. I requested him that day because he is so compassionate and has a quietness about him that I enjoy. The room was filled with our family of 5, the doctor and at least on medical student.
Breathing a sigh of relief, I examined its mechanisms and read the Quality Control sheet and Manufacturer Guarantee they included. Here are the facts: The table is supported by an interlocking canvas weave with a buoyant enough soft vinyl bed and face pillow; however it is pretty vulnerable. The table closes by velcro, which over time will start to wear off. If I am not careful to overly bump around while riding the subway and city transit, I could pop a hole in the vinyl of both the table and face cradle. The table can handle up to 500 lbs of body weight, BUT the larger your client is the more towards the ends (front or back) the client will have to mount the table in order to get on it because the center is its weakest point. The guarantee for the table is 5 years, but if damage happens to any of the vulnerable noted points, they will not replace the table. The face pillow is only guaranteed for a year, which is the most vulnerable of all parts because people’s faces are pressing into it for lengthy periods. The pillow can be re inflated, but the air hose for that is not included with the table.
Once they start to splutter, add the black pepper, garam masala and green peas.
To 'regain trust'. To be 'seen as being on people's side'. To 'offer the kind of leadership people are looking for'.
I’m counting on Dad, what are you counting on?
The audience’s enthusiastic ovations stopped the meter at its apex, and she won the competition and was invited to return. The song was so well-received that she released it as a single. In short, although Cline had been performing for nearly a decade and had been recording and appearing on local Washington, D.C. TV for more than two years, Godfrey was largely responsible for making her a star. For a couple of months thereafter, Cline appeared regularly on Godfrey’s radio program.
in different cities
* Christopher Jr. was an apprentice or an indenture servant before 1706. He was a teacher of Indian Children at the College of William and Mary in 1706, and a Clerk of Jamestown Church.
Three people are drawn to the small Wyoming town for very different reasons. Anthropologist Jack Kendrick comes to explore the surrounding caves — the last place his father was seen alive twelve years ago. Police officer Elina Gutierrez follows the trail of her missing cousin from L.A. until it goes cold in the near-deserted town. And George Wilcox, a wealthy businessman, is lured to a lodge on the bluff by the promise of a cure for his wife’s illness.
Anyway, I knew I still wanted to be involved, but not in the cast. The thought also occurred to me that nobody else was stepping up to be stage manager. Perhaps without thinking too much about it, I volunteered for the position.
There was again another brief panic when I had difficulty getting the bendy pipe back on - the turny part had gotten turned too tight, and I couldn't get it back on - but my brute strength on the manly wrench pipe proved fruitful, and I finally figured it out.
1. Most cities/states have laws against living in your vehicle. Perhaps this will change as more and more people lose their homes. For many, paying rent and trying to pay down debt (student loan/credit cards) is overwhelming. I've little doubt that homelessness will be a growing issue in the years to come.
Middle East/Asia/Oceania Hotel: Hyatt Gold Passport
a beautiful old stone Pennsylvania country farmhouse that I will miss
We have already covered the first 9 verses, took us 3 weeks. I am teaching Titus 1:10-16 tomorrow.
Moms: Hardest thing about being sick with kids?
To rephrase, 3 out of 4 people in sales will never get better than they are now so stop wondering why it’s been so hard to grow your company. The only logical thing to do is to use the science of sales to evaluate your sales team right now to figure out what its potential could be and fix your sales hiring system to attract and hire the top 26% that you covet so much.
traverse the surface and shiver
For some reason, there was an almost constant running dialog from the stage about New Orleans. Yes, there are still evacuees in Austin, and yes it's fashionable to talk about the failing of the government there. (No one ever referred to the grotesque failings of the Lousiana & NOLA local officials; to hear it from this forum GWB is responsible for everything.) Given that Obama barely brought it up, I have to wonder what purpose there was to grinding that axe.
Application was a dream, Models Own is fast becoming a firm favourite amoungst the brands I use.
“A piece of string, a piece of string–look–here it is, M’sieu the Mayor.”
I hope our customers will understand that this will affect our normal service.
All of the pages are held together with with three book binding rings. I scuffed the edges of the covering pages (dark brown card) to give them a thicker appearance and to hide some dubious cutting! LOL! I have also stamped a little just around the outside edge.
Today I'm doing my first review (yeah me!). I decided that occasional reviews of products I use will be good for me and my loyal few viewers. I will share my take on whats good, whats meh, and whats really bad, and you can do with that information what you wish.
REHEMA:
Until recently, the central role of traditional subscription-based academic journals in the scientific process seemed unassailable, but rapid changes in technology over recent years mean that new models of publishing scientific papers have become viable.
In the end, they went for a bit too much unfortunately. Not even ridiculously high - around £140 at the auction end. But it probably would have cost me nearly £200 just to go to King's Lynn in Norfolk (about 250 miles round trip), pick them up with a rented van and bring them back... and then the cost of painting them and recovering them.... yes, I could have made the money back eventually but I wasn't prepared for the initial outlay. So it didn't happen... sigh.
If the ‘Yotes are able to duplicate that result, they will move on to play Friday and if they win, they will play Saturday, as well.
“I never knew the police were such psychologists. But you forget God sergeant. He came before psychoanalysis “
When – 11-16 March, 10am-6pm
Then look at Vasilisa out of the Russian fairy tales. She goes alone into the forest, sent by her evil step-mother and her daughters, to fetch fire and light from Baba Yaga. She passes all the tests and returns with a blazing skull that burns her step-mother and step-sisters to ashes. Hell, yes!
Several cases involving foreigners, moreover, remain currently unresolved. The most significant among these include:
One was not a man
Local 10's pilot program is preparing workers from low-income communities for those jobs. Among other green-related skills, the program provides trainees with a hands-on introduction to green construction, energy audits, and insulation. The program also has components of construction basics such as utilizing hand and power tools, construction safety, and indoor environmental awareness. Although the pilot program will end next week, Local 10 will continue to train workers as the job market for residential energy efficiency grows.
Here’s how Mark begins the Christ story: The beginning of the good news about Jesus Christ, God’s Son …” (1:1). The next seven verses are about John the Baptist, and Jesus first appears in 1:9: “About that time, Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and John baptized him in the Jordan River.”
Isaiah 61:1-4, 7 (NIV)
Noon - "It's 5 o'clock somewhere right ? Maybe I should not have given him that full glass of water?"
Here's my latest haul: 10 balls of mohair for 6 quid. Hmmm one ball missing from the photo. Must be camera-shy
The holiday season is an insanely busy time in my field, which for the sake of brevity we'll call "television post-production." Production houses are notorious for waiting until the last possible minute to wrap their programs, the result being 13,000 television programs that are all clamoring to be finished before the Christmas/New Year break. This means a lot of 12-hour days and very little energy left over for making fun of advertising. Which is a shame, because this time of year really produces some truly terrible commercials.
I hadn't met this man.......... ( Yet )
What’s the point of allowing a site that continues to act as a pimp for these women to stand? These young ladies are desperate, but does CraigsList need to give them a platform?
he sang
But how can I not? The Prayer of Saint Francis of Assisi (sometimes called the 'Peace Prayer') is actually quite beautiful, and as much as this may surprise you if you have been following me personally for two years, I'd like to share it with you here in its entirety. This is its English translation.
Supplies: Ribbon, Eyelet Border Punch, Scallop Oval Punch, Large Oval Punch, Small Oval Punch, Big Shot, Framed Tulips Embossing Folder, 1 1/4" Square Punch, 1 1/8" Square Punch
Intelligent ... College dropout.
I picked up this cute little There She Goes gnome from My Little Friend for this sketch - love all the gnomes and their sassy little sentiments. I started by stamping him in Memento Tuxedo Black ink and then colored him with Copics. I sponged around the bottom in Memento Desert Sand and added a little sponged Memento Canteloupe around the top edges. These cute papers are My Mind's Eye Lime Twist - Fly a Kite and the card size is 3-1/4" x 6-1/2". I love this size card and I never seem to make them much. That's a shame really.
I think I come across as an anti amber ale kind of guy.
Your kids. You might already know them or you might not have even picked their names yet. Regardless, they’re a wonderful thing. But they do add heft for the wallet when it comes to food, entertainment and schooling.
painted the sign above the bed on a piece of a broken antique crate.
A BROAD WARM SECTOR IS FORECAST SATURDAY AFTERNOON FROM THE OH VALLEY EXTENDING SEWD ACROSS THE SRN APPALACHIAN MTNS INTO THE CAROLINAS. AS SFC TEMPS WARM AROUND MIDDAY SATURDAY…ISOLATED TO SCATTERED THUNDERSTORMS SHOULD INITIATE ACROSS THE WARM SECTOR WHERE LOW-LEVEL LAPSE RATES WILL BE STEEP. THIS MAY BE SUFFICIENT FOR A MARGINAL WIND DAMAGE THREAT AS MULTICELLS DEVELOP SATURDAY AFTERNOON. ALTHOUGH HAIL WILL ALSO BE POSSIBLE…SOMEWHAT WARM MID-LEVEL TEMPS AND WEAKER DEEP LAYER SHEAR SHOULD KEEP THAT THREAT ISOLATED.
Ok at this point you may be saying “But that is all Old Testament stuff, we’re under the New Testament.” Well, I could spend time showing the direct correlation of the Old and New Testaments and how they tie in. I won’t do that for the sake of brevity and it isn’t even necessary here. I am trying to demonstrate by scripture that the wrath of God is a dangerous thing for the disobedient and to also offer that while God is love and he is longsuffering, there is some kind of point where, by His nature which is to Holy and unable to tolerate unrepentant sin, He can and does take punitive action. It is also a Biblical fact that God does not change. The covenant He has made with His people did, but God and His nature did not. Malachi 3:6 says, "For I, the Lord, do not change….”
Mr Baey will be conducting a ‘Kopitalk’ session this afternoon from 2pm to 4pm at Blk 478 Tampines Street 43 Koufu Restaurant.
The second recipe venture started with wilting strawberries in the fridge. The idea of another banana berry smoothie sent me to the edge and then to the internet in search of something different.
For whatever reason, the one fact about IBD that I have stuck in my head is that these disorders only exist in the first world (pace the blogger who says it only exists in four countries and then lists Western Europe as a country). Whether it’s pollution or pesticides or BPA or fructose that makes everybody sick, one way or another we are all swimming in it.
Pennywell Folsom fell in the first volley fired in Battle of Brushy Creek, fought in July, 1836. After the fighting was over, Captain Hamilton Sharpe carried Folsom from the battlefield on horseback, but the mortally wounded soldier could not long survive. Folsom was carried back to the fort at the Rachel Morrison place (now the property of the Rountree family) near the Little River, where he was buried in a lone grave. Sharpe’s Company fired a volley of gunfire over the grave in salute to their fallen comrade. As that final tribute sounded through the forest, Captain Levi J. Knight and his company of men arrived on the scene. (Levi J. Knight was the original settler on the site of present day Ray City, GA.) Knight’s company had marched 30 miles from the Alapaha River where they had skirmished with Indians at the homeplace of William Parker. (see Short-Arm Bill Parker and the Last Indian Fight In Berrien County.)
When short of a blog idea, I highly recommend going along to one of Lewis Schaffer’s free shows and then letting him buy you a Chinese meal and/or an expensive ice cream afterwards. It costs you nothing and New York Jewish comedians’ neuroses are always a bottomless pit to excavate. It also makes you feel better. You think: At least my life is not THAT shit…
So back to basics : taking it one step at the time.
out she doesn't listen to much contemporary music). She's
Day 13
Now we question as to why the Armed Forces felt humiliated and where were their defences on that fateful night? We’ll discuss that in my next article.
I like all the hair/makeup/fashion etc that goes with being a girl, IT'S AWESOME.
Ugh ugh ugh. That hanger. That night.
By the way, when it comes to taxes, when is enough, enough? When I earn money I pay PAYE, when I buy fuel I'm taxed, when I use my cell phone or browse the Internet I pay communications tax, for daring to use electricity I'm hit with street light levy, drinking packaged water earns me a tax wrath, driving to the office from Kasoa, Afienya, Tema etc is punished for my inability to rent a house in airport with tolls, If I own a cottage I pay property rates , ignore the fact that the roads around my property will never see development in decades and I have to find more money for zoom lion to collect the rubbish I generate, and above all I pay 15% VAT directly or indirectly for all other goods and services. So under all my heavy burden of taxes, I throw my hands up into the air and decide to forget all my problems with two tots of local gin but that doesn't go well with the tax professor president so he gives me a stern rebuke with an alcohol tax. What next Mr President? Please spare the air that we breath. But do I get anything in return for all these taxes? Is that what they call the social contract? I can only concur with Kwaw kese, ABODAM! CRAAAAAAZY! Hey, I hear another tune on the radio. It's a gospel by Ron Kenoly,
If you have a blog, do you ever look at the statistics? What was your funniest search hit? Any surprises in the popular posts department?
I signed it, sealed it, delivered it, and we had the most fun filled horse, energy, Abraham sharing ideas lunch at both of ours favorite Thai restaurant. To finish my day with a simple, quiet, nothing but thoughts and wild flowers to add to the drive, as I reveled in my new growing, glowing understanding of life. Knowing my new book was waiting for me at the house. More stuff to learn, desire, have, desire, cause, desire, enjoy and keep filling in the sections of my life as I continue to create this life I am now learning so well how to flow with!
PLUS there are hot air balloons flying around the Canberra skies which is making for a fabulous and very celebratory view outside my lounge room window.
“I am a creature of ocean dear prince; I come here to see you. I have been coming here since I first saw you years ago, playing beside the cove with your friends.”
but it must be a metaphor for something so much bigger.
Saying HE won’t let us down
When it comes to your wardrobe I suggest you really re-evaluate what you have and get rid of any items you are never going to wear again. These are usually items which are worn and need repairing or you've had them since 1994 and seriously you are never going to wear them again.
MisfitPUGG Jezabel writes about her adventures with her rescue pug, Stitch and provides a huge variety of apparel and accessories that are pug inspired. Hit up her facebook page for all of her puggy goodness.
Support networks and supply lines: Militias and military forces operating directly from a precinct or base, or otherwise sufficiently well-supported or supplied, may ignore the Campaigning rule and are assumed to have their weapons and equipment overhauled between adventures. Any other forces or parties in this position gain the same benefits.
Here is the Hop Line Up
Hist with croak, and bark with howl,
I’m not surprised at all.”
Die-cut message tags x 2
Apparently, the South African police believe that it’s much more convenient to blame these murder-robberies on a gang of hookers than on regular gangsters (perhaps using fake prostitutes as bait); after all, chasing after real criminals rather than unarmed women could be dangerous.
and scattered dried bread for the robins
Controller Status : Optimal
I don’t do a lot of scolding. I don’t call her a naughty girl (unless I’m kidding) and I don’t usually express a lot of anger. If I AM angry, I figure I’m expressing it by the spanking. I know some couples do find that scolding helps, but we choose not to. We talk ahead of time to make sure she’s clear as to why she’s getting spanked because I find she’s often unclear. Sometimes I tell her what I expect of her and why she’s getting this spanking and how I want for things to be different.
For instance, I struggled to break down boxes and instead spent the majority of my time cutting up my fingernails and my hands.
Listen and really hear what they are saying.
I liked this dress. It fit well and was different in color and shape from anything I would ever buy! What I didnt like was the back, it was racerback on the top and then backless towards my lower back. I might be a slight bit modest when it comes to that, and I didnt want to buy a dress I could only ever wear with a jacket. But I loved the dress! I considered keeping this one for a long time!
The new skill system is a bit confusing at first, but it works. The heroes seem evenly balanced and able to handle each other. We no longer have a hero that by default is better than the rest and that will win you the game if you buy him first. Also it is awesome to be allowed to choose your skills yourself. Thank you for that…
It is still unknown whether the rice-farmings migrants that landed in Japan two thousand years ago also brought with them a writing system, Lee added.
Andrew eventually made it back to the room after work. I grabbed dinner, and we proceeded to put on more How I Met Your Mother, watching several episodes before calling it quits for the night; it’s too late to watch any more. It’s time for bed!
As we have tirelessly recounted, studies conducted by prestigious universities and health authorities have warned that the machines could lead to serious health problems.
But, excuses aside, I might as well get on with my reiteration of the lesson I can’t seem to avoid re-learning by getting back, once again, to the frustrating rediscovery that my emotions aren’t as easy to separate as I’d like them to be.
despite that – I sincerely wish all that and more, all the real true happiness and all the best !
How much God loves me
1) Establishing a Routine
Favorite authors or previously read authors: 36
There are two reasons for this recipe-less cupcake post.
The symbol for Sarcoidiosis is the snow flake so I guess you can say.........I am snowing again. LOL
I've used this gorgeous fairy image by Mo's Digital Pencil. She's coloured with Prisma Pencils and the papers are from the Me to You paper stack. The leaf branch is a sizzix die and the flower leaves are made with an MS punch. Sentiment is from Craftwork cards, and the lace, gems, flowers, doily and brad are from stash. And of course lots of stickles to finish off!
Sloane Keller is the “Queen of Cards” and a poker champion. Roman Steele is a dealer in Vegas with one goal: get the lovely card queen into bed. On his terms.
1 fear
So how can President Obama get away with saying that Warren Buffett pays lower tax rates than his secretary? Many wealthy Americans who have done well like Buffett receive dividends and capital gains — a form of investment income that is subject to multiple levels of tax. First, the investment income results from investment. This capital didn’t appear out of thin air. It was earned and taxed previously, often many times over at rates up to 35 percent.
After thawing out over a hot chocolate the next morning, we pile into the back of a truck and head for the famous Quilotoa lake on the final part of the “Quilotoa loop” trek we have been walking for the previous two days.
And the premise was brilliant.
The homeowner is still enjoying her vacation and to her benefit, nothing was damaged or stolen or worse from her house. It's just sad, this wasn't even a caller in a stressful situation, she planned a vacation...she didn't even call us, the officer found her house unsecured. So much for common sense being common.
For my final image today I drew this egret preening his wing on a log. My scanner did not pick up the subtle colors as much as I would like (the soft blue sky goes half-way up the picture and you can actually see where I made blue-gray strokes between feathers). However, you get the idea of how I use the subtle blues and grays to accent the shadows of white on his underside and where his feathers meet.
One of them, a Chicago Homicide cop named Tom Mankowski, has had one of these strange tattoos since birth. When he investigates a violent murder and discovers the victim also has a tattooed number, it sets the ball rolling for an adventure of historic proportions.
2 Bavendiek, U. (2011) Motivational processes and practices in accelerated ab initio language learning, Subject Centre for Languages,Linguistics and Area Studies
To start with, here’s what each BCS conference loses:
Rajab accused the government of repeated human rights violations against its people, while Davidson said the recent Bassiouni report amounted to the government “papering over cracks”.
I couldn't resist this picture. This little guy is being bombarded with bunches of bubbles!!!
Barbados National Trust President Dr. Karl Watson seeks government promise to comfort him.
I don't really remember how I came up with Oliver's first name. I had heard a few times and realized I really loved it because it was different, not too many kids had it, but wasn't super weird. Richard is after my wonderful daddy. I am so glad that Oliver has such wonderful male examples in his life and I am glad we could name him after one of them. And I am so glad that he has a wonderful dad that is a worthy priesthood holder and an example of righteousness!
The ‘donor’ of the sperm has no right whatsoever over the child even if prior agreement or contract was entered into to give him the right over the child.
1 cup yellow mustard, any inexpensive yellow mustard will work
I didn't get the clearance fabric I ordered! The rest of the order came 2 days later. I WON'T be ordering from this store again. They definitely lost a customer!
Turn the dough onto lightly floured counter top, knead gently. Then divide the dough in 2 portions. Take 1 portion of dough (covering the other with clean towel to prevent drying). Follow this direction for general imprinting and drying the cookies.
In 1888, Pope Leo XIII received a vision which confirms the Synagogue-Masonic plot to use the Holy See itself, through the weakness of its occupants, in “preaching” – though, again for this is an important distinction, not in the official capacity as the Supreme Doctor and Pastor of the Universal Church exercising Papal Infallibility – the diabolical 1789 principles. This vision made the Pontiff compose a long Prayer to St. Michael – the short form of which was ordered to be recited at the end of the Traditional Low Mass in Latin but was suppressed after Vatican II. In the long version, Pope Leo calls the devil “this wicked dragon,” and accuses Satan and his “apostate host” thus:
been recorded.
the finished pieces. You can buy them
"It is not as complicated as it is sometimes made out to be."
A trip to the mall to visit Santa yielded a super fruitful f21 trip, including these killer leopard print leggings I have been wearing almost nonstop! They were $12.80 and obviously not gonna last forever due to the source, but I am loving them while they last! I love animal prints because they go every direction- rocky roll teenage dream, Peggy Bundy, hip hop bus stop honey, you name it! Every sub-genre I love!
All's well that ends well…
But surrounding myself with different medium and tools means I can experiment, I can push the boundaries and quite often I find my subconscious automatically making me pick up a rusty old brush with stubby bristles, or grabbing a certain type of paint that somehow is just right for the character I’m creating.
We're still in visual range of three of the four boats we left Chesterfield with--a fact that has made Evan gleeful, given they are all monohulls in the 50+' range. Connect 4 has dropped to about 60 miles behind us and turned on their motor in the wee hours. We're still making over 5 knots so won't be adding our motor for a while.
Born To Run 4:53
talking to you on the phone, praying with you, taking you out on a dinner date, sending
Shops and restaurants will also be offering discounts to visitors who present the Be a Local Tourist flyer, which you can collect at the Eltham Centre in Archery Road or any of the open-house venues:
Inspiration and influence, we find, is a shadowy world where there is a fertile ground for speculation but little room for definite answers. Inspiration is not a clean one to one correspondence – it is not the clichéd Eureka moment, it is not (at least for us mortals) the hot ember burning Isaiah’s lips. Instead, it is shop talk, it is friendships and debates, it is having another artist make you want to be better in your work. In this protean “creation on the fly” world, it is hard to directly say who influenced who or how an outcome came about.
Last, when you see me, rather than exclaiming "you still have a crutch?!" I'd much rather you to say "wow, you only have one crutch, now?!" Because that's what I need to hear. I'm really working my ass off and I'm already hard enough on myself. Thanks.
I wasn't sure about the white frame, so I painted it a pretty pale turquoise. I was originally thinking coral, but you bloggers are rubbing off on me, what can I say? (btw can you see my lovely little antique foot rest which I've been using as a half bench in the foreground? It makes a great seat for 2 little sets of eh-ems when a gal needs extra seating). Ooh, and there's my high chair. Oooh.
At Techcrunch we support a total IT development process from requirements definition and specification, architecture design, coding, testing and validation to product maintenance and support. Depending on your specific requirements our experts will take you step by step through each phase of solution development providing you with a sound advice on technology and application options.
She loves all things girly & tea parties.
Teigen, K.H.. 1995. “How Good is Good Luck? The Role of Counterfactual Thinking in the Perception of Lucky and Unlucky Events,” European Journal of Social Psychology, 25, pg.281-302.
Speciality Designer Series Paper Holly Berry Bouquet # 124004 - $12.95
I have two more Pure Plant Spa products to share with you all today. The first is their Sulfate-Free Body Wash in Lavender + Tangerine. The second is their Aromatic Body Lotion Plus in Ylang Ylang + Vanilla Planifolia. I ended up liking both products!
(I’m not trying to convert the world into getting a pet rat. They’re not for everyone. For example, I am scared of rabbits. Not sure why. But they just don’t float my boat. I just don’t like the stereotype that rats are ‘disgusting, filthy animals’)
Hope everyone is doing well, more pages to come in the next few days.
There are so many things to see that it is best to concentrate on a few sections rather than try to see everything at once and just skin over the collections. The V&A website is comprehensive and an excellent resource to make the most of your visit.
Stories like 'A Glossary of Bread,' and 'Leaf Memory,' show that you are willing to experiment with the traditional methods of storytelling: one uses dictionary & etymological definitions; another uses early childhood memories. How useful do you find the process of renewing the short story in this manner?
This is what the Church believes.
With the rich evading huge figures of tax a year a huge drive to tax the rich a hell of a lot more is desperatly needed with the aim of eventually bringing the commanding heights of the economy into public hands under workers control to benifit the millions not the millionaires
802 ***D-XI/8/1980. “On the Central Doctrine of Tocqueville’s Democracy in America.” Basic Program Weekend, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Resort, East Troy, Wisconsin. See Item D-I/24/1986, below. (Incorporated in Item C-1991(3), and in Item B-10, above, pp. 81-111, 284-88 (1999).)
There was no winter in’t; an autumn ’twas
2 tbsp olive oil (for browning ribs)
The survey should take approximately ten minutes to complete, and will be entirely anonymous. It is for people who currently work, aspire to work or who have previously worked in the industry.
I can't summarize Patton's act completely (though I totally fell in love with him because of it), I do want to touch on one bit at the very end. He sets it up by explaining that he flew his and his fiancee's parents to Las Vegas and they all went to a Cirque Du Soleil show. He'd never seen it before and was stunned to see all these red state folks loving, "The gayest thing I've ever seen! There's a hoop on fire and a tiger dressed as a butler and three clowns jerking off on a ghost. It's French and wet and on fire. Why do these conservatives love it?! Apparently this is the way for the gay people to make progress. Can we put on tuxes, kiss, and make a life-long pledge to each other? No faggot! How about I blow my boyfriend on this trapeze? Great! We'll bring the kids."
After the descent into violent conflict, there will be vast swathes of the country that have no unusual military presence at all, and that will be free zones for British paramilitaries to move, train, and organize as they deem appropriate. Only ‘normal’ police attention will be brought to bear on them. This will allow these areas to play a role similar to the one which the Republic of Ireland played for the PIRA during the Troubles, allowing them to operate with a minimum of scrutiny. Of course, the RUC could not operate at all in the Republic, and it was difficult if not impossible for the British government to have terrorist suspects extradited to the UK, two advantages that British paramilitaries will not have during the conflict in their own hinterlands. Nonetheless, they will still enjoy huge freedom of movement and action in this area, and the police will find it very difficult indeed to disrupt it. The more vicious the conflict becomes, the less willingness there will be a) on the part of local people to report suspicious events, and b) on the part of the British police to act against British paramilitaries anyway.
With that being said, I am finally able to show you some of the fabulous quilts from my trip to Montana earlier in the month. I am going to set it up similarly to the Stampede Parade photos so you can have your own little walk through the park with your cup of tea and the quilts. The majority of the festivities are in the Historic Village in the town of Eureka. You can click on any image to enlarge it for a better view. So, without further ado, here they are! A gallery of quilts...
Currently, the airline operates two daily services in and out of Manchester, with many of the passengers flying further afield than Abu Dhabi to destinations such as Australia and Far East. Its (Euronext: ALITS.NX - news) operation enables passengers from the north to make long-haul flights without having to change planes at Heathrow.
COMBINE flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves and salt in small bowl. Beat eggs and sugar in large mixer bowl until thick. Beat in pumpkin. Stir in flour mixture. Spread evenly into prepared pan.
in a green hat
I was asked to include my feelings about lesbian urges and sad feelings for them, but I think everyone knows about my urges to make sweet love to women, and then cry about it after, like I had just guiltily eaten a big pint of chocolate ice cream by myself (which I actually just did, with the help of one of them- indirect kissing ftw.)
We shed a tear for you today
As some of you may know, I recently gave a cooking demonstration at my local pub and the experience has left me with two questions:
With us the works done for you…all you have to do is well…show up!!
My own road to atheism was not so fraught. I’d never believed, never been brainwashed by my family or school. In fact at primary school I couldn’t believe that any of us believed. We used to take the piss something rotten out of the school’s vicar. The Grumbleweeds were a crap childishly-humorous pop band at the time and one of the band was introduced with the call ‘Watchya, Baldy!’ Our vicar was almost bald so he got the same treatment from our class when he came to spout his Christian bollocks.
The kids kept going towards the street. They bickered. The toddler spent the chilly afternoon peeing in her pants then walking around outside with no pants on. The baby ate grass and whimpered. My four year old DID pull weeds right along with me (but she wanted chocolate in exchange) so there were probably a few teaching moments. But truthfully, I spent too much time wondering what the hell the neighbors thought about me and my four feral kids and hoping nobody called 911 about a loose two year old.
Domestic goats are found worldwide.
We returned back to Sydney on the 26th of January 2010 and on the 28th of January I receive an email from Abhinav that says: “Hello Uncle Ajoy. I am Abhinav, your friend Pramod’s son. Dad was trying to get in touch with you. But destiny had other things in store for him. Dad passed away on the 27th. . .”
I recall, at the start of the season, a heated discussion on Radio Scotland between Mr Smith and James Traynor where, after the collapse of the move for David Goodwillie, the Rangers’ Director of Football was quizzed about what he was actually doing! It was an enthralling 15 minutes of radio, though clearly very awkward for Mr Smith.
We walked around the grounds of the Hilton Hawaiian Village (saw some pink flamingos) and then a light dinner at Bibi’s café (burger for Tony and chicken quesadillas for me). More drinks at the Barefoot bar in the Hawaiian night air and then to bed.
The first is that unlike Pride and Prejudice and Emma, Sense and Sensibility delivers you into the hand (and mind) of a central character it is very difficult to feel for. I get the impression that Austen began the book thinking that Elinor was the natural heroine, the sister most people would sympathise with, but the longer the novel goes on, the less clear this impression becomes. It is also very hard at times to distinguish between what Elinor thinks and what the impersonal narrator is saying. Occasionally, some very nasty things are said, and people are most cruelly depicted, but it is difficult to tell whose opinion this is...
12/6 Cleveland, OH Agora
Last weekend, Macedonian Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski expressed confidence that the police will find the men behind the slaying. “I have never seen the police so motivated and focused on solving a case,” Gruevski said.
What's wild about this underground venue/arts space is that it looks and feels pretty much like the way it was at an illegal loft party/squat back in the 80s (but instead of Bushwick, it was Manhattan's East Village/Lower East Side)...and the mix of punks (yes, there were impressive mohawks), skins, and everyone else in black was pretty much the same then as now. The black box performance space (which could fit 150--maybe--was up front with a small stage, great sound system, dance floor, and two raised platforms lining part of the room for sitting or standing on. The remainder of the venue consisted of a long, wide hall (just past the kitchen, where they sold beer); a room for lounging in the back; and a door leading to some outdoor metal stairs down to the "backyard."Here is video of a recent show from The Lake that includes Rudies Don't Care performing:
Pet Groomer $16,000.00 est.
Wei strode across his office and ripped the map of the Valdosta area from the wall. The town and the surrounding area would be a smoking rubble when he left … victorious.
Tom continued to stare at that damn phone. The lab report was 35% of their final grade. It was impossible to pass without handing it in, the teacher had clearly warned them at the beginning of the semester. Tom had been so ecstatic to see the last semester senior in his class, his best friend. It wasn’t often that seniors put off a lab class to the last minute but John had issues with chemistry, ever since that time he accidentally burned his eyebrows off with a bunsen burner. Tom promised he’d help John get through the class in one piece. He had promised. The clock on the screen read 5:13 pm.
-The squares mimic the window squares at the door
All I needed was 10 cents for my milk and I was good to go.
This year’s winner is The Buddha in the Attic by Julie Otsuka. It presents the stories of six Japanese mail-order brides whose new lives are marked by backbreaking migrant work, cultural struggles, children who reject their heritage, and the prospect of wartime internment. The PEN/Faulker judges called it “a precise, poetic novel that tells the story of Japanese picture brides brought to California from Japan in the early twentieth century.”
25ml cranberry juice
Gently beat cream cheese, sugar and vanilla until smooth using an electric mixer. Gradually beat in fat free yogurt, egg whites, lemon juice, and flour. Do not over beat. Pour over graham cracker crust.
After phone calls and letters to the family, Michael admitted she alerted authorities and put the problem in their hands.
I’ll be writing kind of an open letter, soliciting pics, soon, and posting it here (and everywhere else I can think of.) When I do, I would SO appreciate anybody else throwing it out into their social networks!!!!
Ok so about 4 weeks ago, Mother's Day weekend to be exact, Hailey, the kids and I all decided to get our garden planted and on schedule. Hailey actually had us start this tradition two years ago and this will be summer garden number three. I'm not sure when it started, to be honest, probably growing up in Ohio with my own parents gardening, but I have this strange fascination with herbs, veggies and I even want to like eating raw tomatoes this year. Anyway in addition to this vegetable garden thing, Hailey has been consistently working out with her pilates group for a few months straight, but I have been slacking - until this past monday that is. I just started crossfit over at cross fit timpanogos. To say the least it is killing my trash but I am loving it.
5. Then add the finely minced shrimp and sauté till every thing is mixed. Finally add the chopped coriander leaves. Let the mixture cool little bit.
My opinion of the story hasn’t changed since I first read the book about 2 years ago – the heroine Melody was needlessly and relentlessly stupid about Jones, the SEAL who knocked her up after rescuing her from terrorists. But I liked the narrator Maia Guest’s treatment of the characters, and – maybe it’s the moon – found myself weepy near the end when even he gives up on himself and her, and walks away. This is another of those frothy bits of fluff – short and sweet and satisfying (except for when you want to strangle the stubbornly stupid heroine). Yeah, he comes back and they finally get married and have a HEA – what did you think?? It’s not romance unless they get the HEA!
Try one new recipe a week. This will be a challenge. We get in such a routine with meals, whether it’s dinner for both of us, or lunch for myself. But I am always coming across recipes that look so yummy and then I never try them. If I can do one a week this month, it will make me happy.
The new unveiled facility, upon which construction is already under way and over $1 billion has already, out of a total of $10 billion, been invested, will contain a staggering eight launch pads, huge assembly and research facilities, as well as the latest in housing and accommodations for the crews, scientists and engineers who will inhabit it. Forty modern apartment buildings are now under construction.
I'm just building the anticipation - LOL....
The women who work on “The Daily Show” have said, in response to a recent Jezebel story about the show’s “Woman Problem,” that they don’t feel marginalized, but the fact remains, the most powerful positions on most shows are usually occupied by men.
205– Sebastien Gauthier (6-2) def. Bruce Nelson (23-34-1) via TKO at 0:30 of Round 1.
:: Setting up a goal to save for special projects or items (i.e. a motorcycle, etc.)
Our friends at the Communal Skillet created the shrimp gravy recipe by the book (the SFA Community Cookbook, that is). Innovation and variation in the recipe is encouraged but, as the blog notes, the recipe is still delicious in its most basic form: shrimp, bacon, onions, and stock. Try it and see what you think.
Bran had LASIK surgery yesterday so we're spending New Year's weekend hanging close to home. What are your plans?
I certainly do spend quite a bit of time on Pinterest and would happily 'Pin' things/ideas
If African-Americans and Hispanics were removed from Chicago, 95 percent of violent crime in Chicago would disappear along with them.
Tendergreen mustard greens (June?).
The people in the quarantined building all start turning into zombies and turning on each other. Camera man Pablo catches the action as the HASMAT team come in and make everyone more scared, Lovelock and Starkwell included. They explain the virus as the outbreak BLOWS THE FUCK UP. Starkwell and Lovelock decided they need to learn Spanish, pronto.
Supporting research in South Africa
12 hours after I ruptured, the midwife came in with a look on her face that did not inspire confidence. She told me that with the fear of infection and the fact that I had only dilated 3 centimeters, she thought it best to try a bit of enhancement. She suggested what my dad calls "a sniff of Pit." A small dose of Pitocin, with some Benadryl and a pain medication so I could rest before the birthing stage. Her biggest concerns were 1) getting the baby out before we hit the 24 hour mark, and 2) making sure that I had the energy to push once I was ready.
