Now to explain myself. I’ve got one day and 3000 words ahead of me…
This got me wondering about the memorable mothers in children's books. Who are the best? Who are the worst?
A couple of weeks ago we were thrilled to see some familiar faces. Our friends, Duane and Jenny Dixon were in Ethiopia for the adoption of their daughter and made a stop in Tanzania before returning home. They were only here for a few days, but it was such a blessing to be with good friends. I didn't take a ton of pictures. I guess we were just busy catching up.
With the knowledge I have now, and the generally increased consciousness of psychology and various personality differences which is far more widespread today than it was thirty five years ago, I have no trouble putting a label on the young Brendan Todd – as I believe most of my readers will have done as well by now.
And please remember that these comics are only free for YOU! The comic store still pays for these comics plus shipping. So please browse the shelves and buy something, or if something you picked up strikes your interest, head back to the comic store and pick up the regular issues of that series.
I saved the best for last in this series. This was the easiest post to put together and the first one that came to my mind. To my sweet, handsome husband who I love dearly, Happy Valentine's Day!
People like that.........
One of Bloch’s cousins, a girl of no more than fifteen, shocked everyone at the Casino by her flagrant admiration for Mlle Léa, who, as an actress, was much to the taste of M. Bloch the elder, although her own tastes were reputed not to extend to gentlemen.
Puhdys –Hell Raiser. East German cover of Sweet and Deep Purple numbers
I wasn't much in the mood for colouring today, so I decided to try a sentiment-based card. I LOVE these Christmas interior sentiments!
If you’re reading this on Feedblitz, Facebook, or Amazon, please come to the blog to leave your comment if you want to be included in the drawing. Here’s a link.
Next day hung me by the arms…rebroke my right wrist…wiped out the nerves in my arms that control the hands….rolled my fingers up into a ball. Only left the slightest movement of my left forefinger. So I started answering with some incredible lies.
And even Monster Players get to share in the fun. Thrak, the Spoils-bearer, offers gift boxes, much like the Free Peoples have Keepers of Gifts. Inside is a possibility for some new skins. Likewise, there are new scholar crafting recipes for fireworks found in the gift boxes for the Free Peoples.
I am here, the mermaid whose dark hair
It's only 'un-progressive' to notice such things.
Despite the provocative headline, the short article itself is very well done and she accurately reports the issue as the industry sees it. A good business person tries to satisfy his or her customers. If customers want bourbon made from non-GMO corn, the producers will try to give it to them. That doesn't mean anyone in the business believes there is anything wrong with bourbon made from genetically-modified corn. It just means we are, as Paul Simon sang, "trying to keep the customers satisfied."
Yuk Chuk (Polygonatum root, Polygonatum odoratum) – Moisturises our internal organ, balances Yin energy, clear wind and softens the sinews.
Not long after that, they all got their own proper passports and we all car pooled down to Spain. And here she is now, enjoying the sun and the booze, like a proper ex pat pensioner.
-A sweet potato
There’s not much I can realistically offer in the negative column. The villain Loki was somewhat low-key *pauses for groans*, but that just added to the enjoyment. There was no depth really, but then there were so many lead characters to leaver in that sub-plots were always going to be a non-starter. There’s the title I suppose, which is a little weak. But it did at least mean I didn’t get confused, stand up in the cinema at the hour mark and declare ‘THIS IS ALL WELL AND GOOD, BUT WHERE THE BLOODY HELL ARE STEED AND PEEL!?!’ Because without the word ‘assemble’ clagged on the end, there would have been absolutely no way to differentiate between this set of infamous superheroes, the majority of whom having established cinematic franchises of their own already, and that bloke in the bowler hat… But furthermore, the title just makes me think of a school assembly. I can see it now: Iron Man receiving his 15-metre swimming ribbon; Black Widow picking up a netball trophy; The Hulk giving a clarinet recital. Then they all pitch in with a rousing chorus of ‘All Things Bright and Beautiful’ before saying the Lord’s Prayer and running through the house-points totals.
Reality
Save $0.40 when you buy SIX CUPS any variety Yoplait Yogurt
Just before I wrote this, I asked myself how anyone could believe in personal freedom and not let those who feel they have been wronged to form their own nation; especially when they respected law enough to follow due process as it was understood prior to 1865.
And should have known better.
April 30 – Fernandina Beach Run, Amelia Island, FL 31:43 (this run was entirely on the beach)
Jen “Sure Shot” Wilson, the first photographer to witness GTAR coming out of the Derby ooze, captured the doubleheader at Forest City using her trusted Spotmatic film camera. When she’s not shooting Derby her works can be found at www.jenr8.
Up and over the hill and down into the sheltered valley at Woodsdale Farm. Stooping through a low tunnel in a hedgerow, I emerge from the blackthorn to surprise grazing sheep and a green woodpecker who flies in his distinctive undulating way to perch on a pole that carries high voltage power lines. I hope he doesn’t try and drill into it, that would be rather silly. Having disturbed numerous cacophonous pheasants which fly up into the trees to roost, I climb the opposite slope, and over a stile into a neglected woodland of scrappy ash trees and conifers, abandoned car tyres, rusting metal and blue pheasant feeders. Clearly, few people come this way – for a while the path peters out and I battle my way through the trees and brambles in roughly the right direction before emerging onto a bridleway.
Oh, and for those of us who are looking for an “Illuminati” to things: isMr Hollande making a signal in his picture? See this hand signal dictionary.
(2) It’s all about improving choices
for reminding me that there is
Advance planning with your favorite bookkeeper http://www.aabsinc.com/will make tax preparation a much simpler process next year. Here are some questions that you might be thinking of as you head well into 2012.
Another thing I realised since creating Mr. Perfect was perfect characters are boring. Boring. I love cheering for the underdog and the underdog is never perfect. Think Forest Gump. The underdog often misplaces his car keys, thinks he knows where he’s going when he doesn’t or forgets to pick up his kids at school. All of this can lead to conflict which translates into a story.
Bear with me, peeps....
Carrie Ann: Right now? Once Upon a Time and Bones.
And then there was, of course, a poem about my dogs.
find their way home,
Have you ever heard of pedestrians dying of collision?
Last year, as an Army wife, I finally learned true flexibility. I learned that I'm not a city girl. At all. I also learned that I'm not a fan of the south. I do not like the humidity and heat. There is beauty everywhere. I have learned to appreciate it from the comfort of an air conditioned room with a big window. I no longer scream like a crazy woman when I see a cockroach. Thank goodness I don't have to see them very often. That was my own personal war. I learned that I can say NO to the Army and they can function with out me participating in the FRG and that I don't have to be on the phone tree. This last year, the Army taught me how to prioritize. Only seven more years to go. I will make it.
Cramping continued throughout the early evening, but felt much better by about 8 p.m. By the time I went to bed, I felt perfectly comfortable. Today, I’m working from home, as I wasn’t quite sure what to expect in the way of continuing cramping/bleeding, but it’s been a quiet day for the most part.
Anna was nude, a blanket sort of thrown around her waist, but it fell open at the front so that I could see her trimmed blond snatch. Her golden hair ran in a waterfall between hard-nippled breasts. She was gorgeous. I mean, I knew that, I looked at her naked all the time, but watching her like this was different. She wasn’t helpless, exactly, but the vulnerability of her sitting there, naked and enthralled by Brad’s touches took my breath away.
The most action-packed driving he's probably ever done has been on the PCH highway, so naturally he feels qualified to comment on a professional race car driver who also happens to be quite beautiful.
10-They are not afraid to be themselves. They are whole persons and are utterly amazing!
An editorial in the January 8, 2009 Daily Mail, a British daily, characterized Obama’s ascent to power as a “Victory for style over substance, hyperbole over history, rabble-raising over reality” adding that it was a victory for Hollywood, for “a man who is no friend of freedom”, “a victory for those who believe the state is better qualified to raise children than family” and presciently, “a victory for social democracy even after most of Europe has come to the painful conclusion that social democracy leads to mediocrity, failure, unemployment, inflation, higher taxes and economic stagnation.”
While you’re simultaneously stirring the sauce, watching the potatoes, and flipping the fish, place baby kale leaves in the center of a plate. Once the potatoes are done, arrange them nicely around the edges of the plate. Place the salmon on the bed of kale and spoon sauce over the salmon. Enjoy!
After leaving the corporate world, I knew that I wanted to focus on my writing career, and even though I understood how to get started the "old-fashioned" way (sending clips, queries, etc. via snail mail, mostly), I was kind of clueless when it came to the "new world" of online journalism.
Week 8-vs Seattle Seahawks-1:00pm-October 28, 2012
Image: Fan's Cricket
Friday night at work was BUSY. By the time I was walking home at 8:30 in the morning, I was mentally completely burnt out. Additionally, I was pissed off and beating myself up for missing a finding in one of the CT scans. It didn’t really affect anything, but I was mad that I had let the pressure of trying to give the trauma team a quick read prevent me from going through the case more carefully. Whatever. Live and learn. The only thing that was hurt was my pride.
There are more ducks here then I know what to do with and I am going to try to kill as many of them as I can. I must get on tonight. I must get a winning lottery number tonight. I must be allowed to fulfill my destiny! (Extra hot sausage if you know where that comes from.) It is raining something ugly and I was advised not to go to the white trash bar in town. I don't know that there is a correlation between these facts but I thought it safest to mention them both in the same breath. Just in case.
I just read this fascinating study where they took a bunch of women in happy, committed relationships, attached an anklet around their slender legs, and shocked the shit out of them. The study was done in order to test your brain on love. First, they shocked the nice ladies while nothing was going on, you know, to get some base-normal readings. Afterwards, they put the ladies through the same series of shocks while holding the hand of their significant others.
5 - 8: It's Hard Demos
--Maria Montessori
…Dean wants to help out in the Penticton riding where he lives and is committed to helping grow our membership and presence there. In my opinion we should leave old spats where they lie, invite Dean back and pull together. He fully supports Cummins and that’s what matters. He has just made a membership application. It’s up to you.
Totally Papercrafts - Spots and stripes (also my second entry - I couldn't find anywhere that said if this was allowed, so if multiple entries are not permitted, please remove this one :)
The gorgeous papers are from the My Mind's Eye Blush collection. I lightly inked the edges with Victorian Velvet, sewed the layers with my sewing machine, and added a border of my favorite Doily Lace edge punch. The Doily Lace paper has a beautiful light pink damask design. The roses and lilies are from Wild Orchid Crafts, which are all trimmed in Star Dust. (Honestly!) I used my favorite Cindy Loo flourish, which is decorated with a few roses. The Guipure lace is from Wild Orchid Crafts. (I only have enough remaining lace for ONE card. Panic attack.)
What is the answer?
Over 100 of you along for the ride now...gee!!! I feel a sudden onslaught of performance anxiety! I always do better under pressure though, so I'm sure I will be fine! Well now that we are ALMOST to the halfway point of 2010, I took on a task today that I have been putting off forever!
Some say I spoil him. Maybe I do.
As I said, the murder of Channon and Christopher are well known across the internet, however, elsewhere, it has only so far been reported in the local Knoxville press. Compare that to the vicious murder of James Byrd Jnr htt. at the hands of three drunken white men. As with Stephen Lawrence in Britain, Byrd's murder became a cause célèbre in America, a hate crime which to this day, ten years later, is repeatedly referred to in the press, on both sides of the Atlantic. Whereas details of the Christian Newsom murder is suppressed, and when it is mentioned said to be motivated by theft rather than hate.
So I leave ONCE AGAIN without my ring and pissed off. Then they call me today to come pick it up and it is still not fixed, in fact nothing has been done at all. I wouldn't be surprised if no one even bothered to look at it at all and I immediately expressed how dissatisfied I was that this issue still hadn't been fixed.
Now, I need to establish something here: I am not gay. I am a straight female who loves men. Although I am married, which means I no longer touch any man other than my husband, I am not dead, and the eyes in my head work perfectly well for my purposes. I look.
Has it not occurred to them that the Jewish-conspiracy myth has been intentionally endorsed by a far more powerful and covert group of schemers, in order to divert attention from the real culprits?
xiv+108 pages
Yesterday I was very sore. I’m not sure if it was the run or Pilates or some combination of the two but I was feeling it. I ran on the treadmill for before Pilates yesterday but was only able to get 3 easy miles in. I think the build phase is the hardest for me. Fortunately, I am almost there.
After crust is cooked, raise oven to 400 degrees
Or if he had a wife to greet him
As part of the surprise Sarah had compiled a ‘This Is Your Life’ style video that was great and reinforced my opinion that he is actually something of an understated legend in his own right with: a groundbreaking first release ‘Drum N Bossa’ on Hospital Records back in 1999, which predated the big wave of Brazillian and Brazillian influenced Drum N Bass that was to sweep the scene a couple of years later; a residency at FWD (seminal Garage / Dubstep club night); and some time spent drumming for possibly the greatest of the live D&B bands, London Elektricity.
1/8 teaspoon kosher salt
... what this means for all of us foodies is that we've had nearly 3000 years to get creative on baking without flour...
By Goh Eng Yeow The Straits Times
Entire agreement
It was three seconds before they had the agent pinned up against the wall, the room secured, and the door closed again. Because of the suits, to anyone watching, he was held accosted by phantoms. Diggs continued to hold the hostage while the others studied the computer display and attempted to gain access without setting off any alarms.
Obama plans to cut the defense budget and this suggests he doesn’t like the military much either even though a strong defense is essential to a nation’s security.
As for this outfit -- I picked up this dress at Forever 21 a couple of weeks ago and this cardigan: Walmart! I know. I normally really hate shopping at Walmart (the experience is just so meh!) but I saw this baby out of the corner of my eye and I just had to have it. It's so perfect with this black + white outfit. The belt was a lucky 25 cent find at Salvation Army back when we visited Susannah + Chris in Chicago. And the shoes... Oh my Jeffreys! They feel like such distant friends since having a toddler in the house. This is the first heeled shoe I've worn in over 2 weeks. My shoes seem immediately impractical haha I got my new iPhone case on ModCloth and it's just so cute! I won a giveaway on Chelsey's blog a few weeks ago and got a $100 ModCloth giftcard (woot! I never win anything!) so I snagged me up all kinds of cute things! I'll have to share some soon!
In a true Free Market society, there would only be private schools competing for students.
At the age of 20 in 1852 Mary Ann married colliery labourer William Mowbray. They had nine children together, seven of which died in infancy from 'gastric fever'. In January 1865 William died of an unknown intestinal disorder. At the time his life was insured with British and Prudential Insurance, Mary collected the £35 pay out, nearly half a year's wages.
But my four nominees are: The horse Smarty Jones, jockeys Richard Migliore and David Gall, and trainer Dale Baird.
*Psalm 37:4, “Delight yourself in the LORD; And He will give you the desires of your heart.”
And I amused myself taking photos of bird houses.
Have a great day and create something you love!
Little voice inside head also known as Holy Spirit: BE THANKFUL!
Before my family left this summer, someone from the local Haitian community gave me some money, telling me to give it to whoever needs it. That morning I had received an email that a dear friend of mine, Maxo, had died of Cholera. We had built him a house the summer before. His wife was hurt badly in the earthquake, and one of their 4 children were killed. I knew immediately that the money was for her. Upon arriving in Haiti, I shared with Pastor Marc that I had the money, and that I thought it should go to her. He agreed and said I could give it to her. I laughed and told him he knew that I don’t give it, but told him that she needed to know it came from the church. Then, instead of Marc giving her the money, he gave it to someone she did not know. He gave it to her, and said it was for her, from the church.
I perform a pUja consisting of 16 upacArAs (services).
I love the NHS. I'd better get that bit in quickly before someone accuses me of being selfish, spoilt and not being grateful for free healthcare. I am definitely the grateful bit, and very definitely not in favour of the current Coalition car crash style of 'reform' but oh dear god does the NHS need reform.
That’s pretty much what happens when a person’s growth is stunted by dependence. They don’t know anything but dependence, and they won’t tell you to stop helping them. That’s when you have to do the right thing and make the decision for them. Teach the bird, so to speak, to fly on its own.
I'm gonna give it my best shot to post a new cookie recipe every Friday.
Finding the GAPS diet has been such a blessing to our family. Being able to share our experience with others only blessed our family further. Thank you to Cheeseslave for getting our story out to a wider audience and thank you to the many other bloggers/facebookers (is that a word?) that have shared Sam's story online.
He was cleaning it last week when he noticed a cracked area on the one-piece molded seat assembly. When he removed the seat assembly to clean the floor, he found a plastic bag containing a substance that local police later confirmed was cocaine.
Liz and Nelson are getting married in September 2009, but they were out here on Mau`i for their scouting trip this past November. I had such a great time hanging out with them and taking them to all the vendor meetings. On their last day here, Liz had a hair/makeup trial and they decided to do an engagement session with the photographer of their choice - Amity Mason.
Anyway, most people will say that buckwheat has a nutty flavor, but it reminded me more of a grassy than nutty flavor. For bakers wanting to experiment with buckwheat, I’d strongly recommend starting small, because I found myself needing to get used to the almost smoky flavor of the flour. At first, I was wondering if it was because I got it from an Indian shop that it smelt and tasted so ‘Indian’ (I’m not being discriminatory here but I associate this smell with Indian homes), but I realized that it’s the same taste everywhere. It is an extremely earthy taste.
big deal about things. Try and not turn into (more of) a curmudgeon or not let my spirit get older. OK, I admit this was after I had a total moment of “road anger” on New Year’s Day after some guy driving behind us LAID HIS HORN ON me as the light turned green because I was WAITING FOR A PEDISTRIAN TO SLOWLY CROSS THE ICY STREET in the cross walk! This really set me off and as I calmed down I thought to myself I am NOT going to throw my car in reverse at a HIGH RATE OF SPEED or to have negative energy set the direction of my New Year! Truth be it known, Daddy-O (who was riding with me) and I both were ready to kick this young punk's ass in the grocery store (liquor store) parking lot where both cars were heading. Then we saw that he was about 90 years old and felt sorry for the old, cranky, fat fart. He was in more of a hurry than we were to get our New Year’s beverages!
Drilling down
Let’s not deny that PAS will always aspire to forge an Islamic state, whatever that might be.
Can you tell the Wonderkid has been back in school for a week and a half? I've been busy (Thursday found me painting the pantry before I put all of the food back in and organized it.) but I still feel like some of my time is "my own". I've noticed the Wonderkid is willing to play by himself a bit more after a day with all of his friends.
Thank you everyone with the well wishes and the welcome backs! I missed writing ever so much. I've mentioned my sanity and my job and now I'll let you in on Cj and me. I love him so much and it's my favorite part of the day when he calls me in the morning or kisses me goodbye in the morning and says, "I love you too, baby." However I think we're in a bit of a rut...one I hope we are slowly growing out of. I'll explain.
I had been placed on a team with a member of the Royal Canadian Armoured Corps and the Light Cavalry HAC. Our other team mate found us and then the rider's briefing began. We were informed that the horses we were about to compete on are the property of Her Majesty The Queen and that any level of poor horsemanship will absolutely not be tolerated. That included excessive use of crop or spurs (if you were riding with either), kicking/pulling, dangerous riding, and unknowledgeable riding (basically if they could see you were obviously in over your head). They also said to always keep in mind if something happens it is YOUR FAULT, NOT your horse's! I thought that was great too! Then they told us that these horses are normally worked at a full gallop and pull gun carriages in 6 horse teams. Love it!!
5. Nisekoi’s 1st manga volume (tankobon) is to be released on May 2nd.
I really enjoyed the character interactions in this novel as well. Kambili and Amaka’s rocky cousin relationship was interesting to watch, as they start to step away from their misunderstandings of one another. And the rest of the family interactions were great too. I really liked how family was so central to this novel. It was really interesting to see the contrast between Kambili’s family and her aunt’s family, from the obvious differences (abusive relationship vs. loving relationship etc) to much subtler ways, like how Kambili’s family household is very quiet, versus her aunt’s boisterous laughter that rings around her own household. There was also some very nice class differences explored in this novel, which is nice to see. But my absolutely favourite aspect of this novel was the achingly sweet budding romance between Kambili and Amandi, a priest. Their growing affection for each other felt so natural, and the author captures the emotions of teenage first love so well. If I must compare her portrayals of first love with another YA author, it’d be Jenny Han, but more The Summer I Turned Pretty-esque as oppose to Shug-like. We are convinced by their portrayal of first love because it’s very honest. Also, Adichie writes like a dream, and the way she selects her words to describe that feeling of first love is so perfect and beautifully original.
The Upsetters - Dubbing Sandra
Again it’s frightening to see how willingly the Left in Norway associate themselves with organizations that engage in terrorist activities. Notice also the casual reference made by Mr. Akselsen regarding the PLO charter that dictates the destruction of the state of Israel. Just the mention of this charter should sound some serious alarm bells with these politicians. It’s a declaration to commit genocide. Individuals such as Mr. Al-Abadsa should be shunned and certainly not be dignified with a visit to the Norwegian Parliament.
Some parts of the book were a real challange. The one I particularly remember is the scene in the Giverny garden, with the Japanese bridge. It was so hard to "extend" the scene to the left. I looked at other paintings by Monet, as well as the modern garden layout, but it was hard to know what had changed. The bridge now has an elaborate pergola over it (this can been seen in some later paintings by Monet) which changes the view, for example. The path to the left is still there, so I included that. But the trees! I had to leave space for text! Well, the end result is inside the book - take a look in a bookshop and see what you think!
For example, last week, several tornadoes criss-crossed Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, Alabama, and Georgia leaving a trail of devastation in their wake. By the time calm returned Saturday, 41 were dead: 23 in Kentucky, 13 in Indiana, three in Ohio, and one each in Alabama and Georgia. This qualifies as a “misfortune” from the above definition. Federal and local officials were still assessing the damage Wednesday. Meanwhile, while the Feds and others are busy “assessing” the people of these towns and neighboring areas are busy helping one another. THIS IS COMPASSION, and it is best handled by those on site! Yes, the federal money will help rebuild, but that is not the immediate need. Is it remotely logical to expect the federal government to tend efficiently to urgent and immediate needs BETTER than the local community?
This is fitting as we learned last week that Irish brewers gave us modern statistics, we now learn that this bottle cap technology is continuing the tradition of Irish brewers making the world a better place through science and technology. I guess beer makes you smart.
Lyrically I thought they were dopes but hindsight makes the delivery of most if not all these songs seem tongue in cheek. Although maybe they really are idiots? The music is infectious and it really puts me back to when I was stupider and eaily amused although not so easily lead astray. I first heard these songs at a time when I was desperate to hear punk music of any flavor. I was eagar to lap up anything that could be construed as punk at that time as it wasn't the easiest thing to find. Turns out I played the recording of this 7"over and over again even if it was ridiculously stupid. Sample lyric: "It's the best feeling you can ever get/ kickin peoples asses and gettin away with it/ ha ha ha ha! Anarchy!"
Our son has social challenges, he is unaware of the appropriate way to interact with others. He does not have the skills necessary to hold conversations with others, or even to play at a playground. He becomes so hyper-focused on what he’s doing that he loses track of anything going on around him. So if he’s at the playground and there are small children around, he becomes an immediate danger, because he doesn’t pay attention to them in relation to himself. He’s so big (at almost 6 feet) that it intimidates other parents, they fear for their children. Several have considered him a “predator”… why else would a 16 year old be completely content to play on a little kids playground? Well, because he’s autistic… because he’s 10 years developmentally delayed – and even though he looks 16 he’s really only 6 inside that big old body of his…
That last thing I talked about was how I got the amazing opportunity to meet with our pastor’s wife’s sister who has been doing foster to adopt for years.
‘One of the best,’ Ollie’s mother answered. ‘What about …?’
The ad space I bought is the cheapest they offer: $60. It used to be nearly every book advertised on KND made back their ad fee. In recent months, though, it's becoming more hit-and-miss. Book price and genre will always play into which books have a successful run, but beyond that I think the honeymoon period is just over with the "old hands" at Kindle ownership. With a few million new Kindle owners on Dec 25, I'm hoping that changes a bit. Plus, the KND audience seems to favor thrillers. I'll let you know how the promo goes, of course.
I'm having a small cloud obsession lately so knew I'd throw a couple on when I saw Little Reg Wagon's challenge. LOL! My little tiny ladybugs were created with punches. And I am really loving easel cards as well so was happy to see that challenge at My Time to Craft!
I think it must have been the series of feedings where she only took 2 ounces, instead of the usual 3. But she does that with formula some days. Argh! It's so frustrating to second guess myself.
6 cups of fresh or frozen cranberries
Thanks in large part to Department of Transportation grant that will fund 80% of the project, construction of a two-route, $47.6 million rapid-bus system known as MetroRapid will begin this fall. The FTA’s Very Small Starts program will cover some 80 percent $47.6 million total cost.
They are seen as over-anxious and if they seek a second medical opinion, they are accused of `Doctor-shopping’. In the UK they are then called to a Child Protection Conference with all the assembled professionals usually after being subjected to an extremely invasive child protection investigation. They are not allowed representation although they are being accused of a criminal offence of neglecting their child and they are summarily found guilty merely on the opinions and suppositions of the professionals present, many of whom they have never met before.
“I’m glad we had the vote and that it went the way it did,” Rabbi Balter continued. “The decision to hold a vote was correct as can be seen by the fact that there wasn’t a single dissenting vote,” he said....
Here is another poem I wrote recently and feel inspired to share with you. I hope you like it:)
And now....this week's Weekly Winner is Ashley N. Newell. Hey, Girl! You won with this sweet little card using Up, Up and Away. Ashley, please contact me for your voucher code.
Ben Franklin was born on
Congratulations, Lynda, hope you enjoy your prize! Just send Brenda an email (her address is on the Challenge Blog, here, and she'll post it off to you.
I am ecstatic to announce that I read a REAL book the other night for the first time in fifteen months. I read Diary of a Wimpy Kid by Jeff Kinney, a book for nine- to twelve-year-old boys, so it was right up my reading alley. Even without any bathroom jokes or foul words. Plus, I understood almost every single word.
The best way to achieve it: Restrict the two types of fat that don’t benefit your heart–saturated and trans-fatty acids–and substitute two “good” fats, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated.
in a second chance …
- open every single drawer in the chicken even though (we think) they are baby proofed
The scouts were wrong about Tom Brady. Is the above assessment about Moore equally short-sighted? If it proves accurate, Bray doesn’t stand a chance as an NFL quarterback. As far as comparisons to Tyler Bray, the Tennessee QB is anything but fleet of foot, although he does have the innate sense to rid himself of the ball before getting sacked. He is not going to beat anybody with his running ability — ever. Bray is also not an accurate passer. He has had the luxury of having receivers who can ‘go get’ the ball, especially against significantly weak defenses. He has height, but his physique still is lacking. He’s a classic late-bloomer.
E(2) REALLY enjoyed this project, and she worked on her art longer than most of the Montessori students. She said that the bigger lily pads were the mamas and the smaller ones were the babies. That night at supper, when I asked her what her "treasure" of the day was, she said "making lily pads." When I asked which artist we studied, she quickly said "Monet!"
For more information on 36 CRAZYFISTS, please visit these sites:
Not so surprisingly management at this firm was far out of touch with what the rank and file thought of the firm. In fact, when the findings were presented to the upper management the results were roundly dismissed. Reason being, we did not understand the company “culture” which had allowed this great firm to be successful. It was truly a case of the inmates running the insane asylum. This firms upper management still believes there is nothing wrong with the way the firm operates even though a majority of those who come into the firm have no intention of remaining any longer than they need to. A firm which survives on its past glory and thin veneer of respectability. The most despicable part of this firms culture was that it enforced a caste system which literally saw anyone below upper management as less worthy and deserving of their lower place in the food chain. For all the posturing about caring for the employee, at the end of the day the employees were the last thing on this firms agenda.
accusations flew
No Problem!
Damp and cold, with a runny a nose, waking up late, forgetting half your life on the bed as you rush out of the door to make it to work on time, and you get “there is always someone worse of than you”. POWWWWWWWWW – take that! That’s a ninja karate chop on that person in my head! You know the moving picture experience that runs through your head while someone is speaking to you, you get a sudden explosion of satisfaction, ah what a great minute.
Goal E: Finish under 2:00
Farmers market patrons can feel good about supporting not only a local business, but a local economic development initiative by simply purchasing a lunch this summer. Beginning in May, Hacienda Community Development Corporation (CDC) will publicly launch the new Latino Food Vendor Incubator project, a social enterprise supporting micro-business development for low-income Latinos. Aspiring microentrepreneurs will gain practical experience and financial support through catering sales and at local farmers markets, while simultaneously receiving training in a classroom setting.
Ive gone through styles, and styles.
I was so disheartened and feel I should probably cancel the trip on Saturday as I know he's right - I will be in a foul mood afterwards. Even separates are going to look awful I have tops that will look fine but its the bottom half and my gigantic tummy. When will I ever like going clothes shopping? I have hated it for so many years now. It really is a chore. I have not gone to events because of the dreaded having to find something to wear for it. When my daughter was 3 months old my cousin got married (now divorced) in secret but then had a bit of a party which we were invited too. I'm ashamed to say and will always regret that I didn't go - I couldn't face it. We were on holiday at the time but we could have gone.
10. Purge purse collection
Every top ten music list ever compiled fails in another respect. It is totally subjective and why should I, as a music listener, really care about your opinion? I know what I like. Don’t you listen to your music and not give a damn what others think - you might even sing Barry Manilow songs in the shower, who knows or cares? It is your music and you are the only judge of “Best” that matters to you.
“He has missed the opportunity,” he told a post-Bersih 3.0 rally forum themed: “428 & Media Freedom – Awakening?” organised by civil rights group, Suaram.
Colchester is Britain's oldest recorded town. Now, that's not the same as being 'the' oldest town, just some dude wrote about it way back when the the Roman's were here and the idea's stuck like glue. Well, that was until the council decided that they would change the longstanding by-line to 'more than Britain's oldest recorded town' in an attempt to be a hip and trendy kind of place where people drink their coffee on the pavement, y'know.
Please take the time to write letters (or email) on behalf of Leonard, and/or to Leonard himself. Contact details can be found at the LPDOC website.
The relevance of George Stephenson as a choice can probably be put down to the quirks of Pip and Jane Baker as writers - it is consistent with their general aesthetic. More interesting, for my money, is H.G. Wells. Wells is lionized as a the father of modern science fiction, which is interesting given that almost nobody talks about any of his books following The First Men in the Moon in 1901. Indeed, Wells is an excessively sanitized character, the popular accounts of him largely treating him as a sort of pleasantly eccentric proto-steampunk figure instead of the aggressively socialist writer he actually was.
It’s assumed as the economy grows; it will produce more of what people want. Government policies can be put in place to encourage or discourage economic growth. Governments pass laws designed to encourage growth in specific industry sectors in many ways. Research and development are often subsidized through tax credits or exemptions. Infrastructure expenditures are also seen as promoting economic growth. On the other hand, some argue that tax laws which deter wealthy individuals and businesses from domestic business investment or incentivize investing their resources in other countries will cause growth in the U.S. to decline.
“When psychologically manipulating intellectually-challenged simpletons and idiots, and when in a situation where you wish the simpleton or idiot to complete a task or chore that rationally would seem impossible to most human beings, it is essential to instruct the simpleton or idiot to complete the task, while adding on the appendage “if you REALLY loved me” to the end of your request. This tactic is guaranteed to work every time.”
As Pumba got bigger she started to explore more. And on one of our walks she took this to the next level. We were walking on the open plains on the farm when we came across a massive burrow, probably of an aardvark or warthog. I expected Pumba to just stick her head in, but instead she crawled right on in. She went in head first as well, which really isn’t such a good thing to do considering that warthogs usually go in backwards so that they can exit easier.
DC Nation: Expanding the World of DC on TV - I talked with producers Ben Jones and Lauren Faust about who we can expect to see on the DC Nation shorts and what it's like to work in such a time-restrictive format.
SM: Yes, and I think, if we ever get a publishing deal, it will be because of that. In my query letters I've been focusing on what makes my book different, who it appeals to, how easily it can be scaled for other media, merchandising possibilities, etc. I work in marketing, so this is right up my alley. Perhaps that's why self-publishing doesn't seem that intimidating to me.
We meet Nikki who's life has turned upside down with her one wrong choice that left her in the Underworld. Poor Nikki. But as always there's always someone who rubs the salt on the wound. Cole. Don't even get me started on him. As alluring and hot he may be, he just is not worth rambling about. And then there's Jack. The guy that Beck had come back for. For six months. Six months she has to say goodbye properly.
(4-Qawedribon-8 = tectonic elevation 8 cross 9 oblique H-83-88-67-090)
All three men poured out of the hole and started retracing their steps through the alleys as quickly and quietly as they could, all the while, listening to their pursuers cuss them. Syrin was incredibly nimble, often jumping over obstacles that Stacey and Mattias had to go around. Occasionally he would start moving toward a wall, and then stop when he thought of if his comrades could climb it like he could, and then he would start down the alley again. Finally, they came to a building with boxes stacked and leading up to a second story window. Syrin scaled it easily while Mattias helped Stacey up them. In time, all three were standing in a room with three beds, one dresser, a couple of backpacks, and a little stool next to a bucket. Syrin immediately went to the backpacks while Mattias laid on the nearest bed.
At least I’m assuming this is a peacock. I’m not much of a birder and he didn’t spread his tail, so I’m guessing here.
We moved from “the apartment” to the house across the street from the Kents and Phillip introduced me to the joy and wonder of the creek. The creek was a small stream that ran behind his house bordered by banks about a foot high. In the spring it was full of pinchy crawdads and tadpoles as big as Tootsie Pops. We would kneel on the side and scoop the life out of it, capturing wonder in Mason jars. When the weather grew warmer we would stand bare legged, water half way up our shins and watch critters swim under the water and rest on top.
But in that moment, strained from seeing water beds drying out, I would’ve considered myself lucky if there were 350+ birds about the place, let alone as many species. However, we were lucky in that while the lack of water affects water birds, it’s not as much of an impediment to the other bird species not as reliant on water bodies for survival, species like the Parakeet, the Tree Pie, the Pheasant Crow, the Jungle Babbler and the Bulbul among others.
WooHoo...Can't wait to try this baby out! A new air compressor and spray gun.
Holi is just around the corner, and to celebrate this joyous occasion we decided to do something special for you! Just for this holi, we have handcrafted a capsule collection of cushion covers.
rod = kin, kinsfolk – this word is the root of the words like rodbina = family, next of kin, and priroda = nature, environment. very, vera, vira = faith, religion
Like most gardeners, I have eyes bigger than my ability to maintain. Each spring, I scheme and dream up all sorts of flower beds and envision the most extraordinary, prolific garden seen outside of Eden. But we’re not in Eden, for reasons that go back a few thousand years.
But only if you shove the term Mary-Sue into a deep dark closet somewhere and leave it there except for very, very special occasions.
Josha Grant
Of course, turning on the generator with this new set up could be dicey. When the electrician left, Mr. Ednursesauras wanted to show me how to run it....just in case.
Carrie Ann: Own a home and have my own writing cave!
Angst. Writing this book is really hard. My main character only really comes into herself in the second half of the book, so how do I make her engaging in the first half? I don’t know.
That is the Council Of Foreign Relations for you in a nut shell
I'm sure we were quite a sight in the parking lot at Target. Goldie strapped in her carseat with me trying to force her to drink a blue Icee. I once noticed a mom and dad trying to make their son eat Jello in a restaurant (they were getting kinda loud) and thought "how ridiculous, its not even good for you." That little extra chromosome has caused me to eat a lot of words.
Below are my top 5 not-widely-known-album recommendations, all of which are guaranteed home runs, some of which your music-loving friends and family may not already have.
Like him, I devour myself.
There probably won't be any crafting happening here this weekend, there's lots to do away from home. What are your plans this weekend?
15. Can I have directions?… to your heart?
Never a Dull Moment features the hit single "Hold Me Down". Its music video debuted in late April and found significant airplay on MTV2. Directed by Dean Karr, it revolves around Lee riding a strange flying machine which crashes. Cirque du Soleil-like performers are also featured in the video. "Hold Me Down" was performed on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno on May 22, 2002. The track, as well as "Ashamed" and "Sunday", aired on Muzak's Power Rock station as well.
Here we are with Dusk Maiden of Amnesia’s third episode and, well, contrary to what I said in my last Amnesia post, things are flowing as they did in the manga. A few tiny changes here and there, but in essence there hasn’t been any major departure from the source (yet). Last week we had Momoe’s introduction episode, and in this episode we have Kirie’s. Her character took some time for me to like in the manga since she was always so wary of Yuuko in the earlier chapters.
✔ Simple objects with clutter-free backgrounds work BEST.
Turn the straw over and use the other side of the straw to cut another hole on the left side of the button.
I think this is a question that is as old as Design itself...
Ferris Bueller meets La Femme Nikita in this funny, action-packed young adult novel. It’s prom night—and Perry just wants to stick to his own plan and finally play a muchanticipated gig with his band in the Big Apple. But when his mother makes him take Gobija Zaksauskas—their quiet, geeky Lithuanian exchange student—to the prom, he never expects that his ordinary high school guy life will soon turn on its head. Perry finds that Gobi is on a mission, and Perry has no other choice but to go along for a reckless ride through Manhattan’s concrete grid with a trained assassin in Dad’s red Jag. Infused with capers, car chases, heists, hits, henchmen, and even a bear fight, this story mixes romance, comedy, and tragedy in a true teen coming-of-age adventure—and it’s not over until it’s “au revoir.”
Today, we celebrate World Down Syndrome Day! We celebrate the fact that our boys were born with one extra copy of their 21st chromosomes and because of that 1 little chromosome, God is allowing them to become our sons. We have a lot to celebrate this 3-21! We also have a lot more to accomplish. There are still so many children who wait to be celebrated. If you don't do anything else to recognize World Down Syndrome Day, would you head over to Reece's Rainbow and check out the kids who are still waiting to be chosen. The ones who long to be celebrated. Next year, you could have your own extra chromosomes to celebrate!
By the time RMS Carpathia docked at New York with Titanic’s 710 rescued passengers, the press were in full cry – both for survivors’ stories and for people to blame for a disaster that took 1,500 lives. In a handwritten letter to his two brothers and two sisters, Cosmo comments bitterly: “There seems to be a feeling of resentment against any English man being saved.”
Good news is that we are not the 1930's German people, disarmed and hungry for hope and change. Our founding fathers saw to that. We are soft, but we hear the echo of America past, no matter the noise distractions and scorn heaped upon our history by the slaves of empire. If you think the creature in chief was quick to apologize to 9th century throwbacks half way across the globe, what do you think the martinets will think and say when 100,000; nay a million men stand to and say "ENOUGH!".
I also think that orangey brown and blue stripes speak to all of us so clearly of contemporary civic identity and our optimism about British education. They also have yellow and green stripes in some of the internal courtyards. Niiice.
7) Drake, for always listening.
Fact; Your perfect to meh; ♥
Before I finish the Maui Diary, I have to tell about our outing to Lake Tahoe last week. We were with Mr. and Mrs. C at their cabin, which is a true and rustic cabin with thin walls, so we wore our wool socks and flannel pajamas during the chilly mornings and nights.
So, if you understand how a finite automaton works. If you can't find an efficient algorithm for solving a problem, isn't is better to help them function with as little problems as possible. Online career study in computer science, because when one is able to choose from, ranging from IT firms to financial institutions. As they get more technical and business experience, programmers may be worth entering for the computer science graduate degree, implementation, maintenance, and repair of an ample daily allotment of attention to your benefit. Trying to learn that most degree programs are comparable to those with a technical subject but it also deals with the computer science graduate degree of this fact, the most reliable majors job-wise is computer science. While most fields are seeing a shortage of positions, this one is holding steady. It is derived from the computer science graduate degree are concerned with improving search engine optimization, designing article databases as well as website linking. Superior website advertising will improve online exposure resulting in increased more site visits and higher potential sales. A web developer will also be responsible for peripherals like input or output devices or data storage. Hardware technicians will also be responsible for creating and posting the finished project.
By the way, I downloaded the video via Realplayer Downloader in case the YouTube people decide to shut it down for “hate speech”.
After the 5 day wait they FINALLY got the fax. The lady over the phone was empathetic but by this point I was frustrated and was annoyed by the sentiment. I knew I wasn’t pregnant 5 days ago and she should have known this considering I communicated to them that I had been testing at home and had not received a positive result.
For maidens who were wont to sit and gaze
He lets me rest in fields of green grass
b. Zoom out Street Block View 26
Twitter is the misunderstood social media option. Most people believe it is no more than the status update Facebook offers, so why have it. It is much more than a status update to discuss grandma’s re
things I think are yuck: cheese. early mornings. tinned tuna. smelly people. smelly anything. (unless it’s a pretty smell). sick. 5 day weeks. school dinners. bananas. cauliflower. blowing noses. dog poo (ok all poo, but as a teacher of young things I still thing dog poo is the yuckiest!). the gross dead people bits on bones, csi etc. bins and bin-smells. croquetas. surprise maggots in fruit.
I tend to skip over reading blog entries longer than a few paragraphs.
Here’s Marlow, from Conrad’s Heart of Darkness, on the “twisted, ruined, tin-pot steamboat” he’s fighting to restore for his epic river journey:
Patrik Olson
It seems that not many people in the midwest of have ever heard of or tried green chili. I was very surprised when in California a couple years ago. I ordered an omelette with "green chili", expecting the savory delicacy melt-in-your-mouth soup draped over my eggs, but I literally received eggs with nearly tasteless chopped green chilis. No onion. No cumin. No sauce. Hardly what I expected and utterly disappointing. Green chili is an awesome alternate to the traditional red chili- usually made with pork, chopped green chilis, onions, and savory seasonings. Once the reluctant patron gets over the fact that it is green- which by the way usually it is more of a brown or even red- than they realize the true potential for this delicacy.
And you probably don't either. There is something about us. We have an amazing strength to smile again, to get up, to live life, to laugh... and still right there, just below the surface we have them there... with us. Be it a child we held in our arms, a heartbeat we saw on a screen or a dream we had when we saw those two lines on a pregnancy test. We remember. We never forget. We never will. We are their mothers. The one who loved them first and we will love them still until we take our last breaths and join them once again.
Since you are such a great Zappos customer, and are not normally a "fally-down" person, I would be happy to make a one time exception and allow you to return your shoes for a full refund!
THE SHORTEST STRAW
Gems: From My Stash
Jodie Meeks – (Nike) Zoom Kobe VII – size 13
As for the finances - Thrifty is the new affluent.
It's Leap Year Day! This is exciting enough for us in the present day, but imagine in the years of yore when Leap Year signified a time when women were allowed to propose marriage to men!
STECKEL CM. Mandatory influenza immunization for the health care workers – an ethical discussion. AAOHN 2007; 55: 34-39.
Welcome to another week of the Corrosive Challenge! This week we have a sketch for ya!
Cheetah cuff bracelet, Tai Pan Trading, refashioned ($1.51)
10 Coal Mine Blues
Based on this proof, I can safely draw the conclusion that men should never complain again when the family jewels get knocked around. Also, we already knew that men were babies, so it wasn’t even a fair fight. However, CASE CLOSED!
I also explained the kids in the grade were talking about the photo and, from experience, I thought it might be a good idea to look into what happened. Given all the talk about girls and aggressiveness, I also asked her, "If it were my daughter in between two boys, how would you look at the photo?" Her response? Silence.
-look for radishes with one whorl of large leaves (not a whole clump, which signifies an older plant), and take a look at the root underneath before you dig it up. It should be smooth and white or pink–not woody and dry, although some good roots look dry on top, so peek down under soil level. We found some very nice large radishes with appealing leaves and roots growing under the protection of fennel plants, so that might be a place to start.
In the final month of the transition, you splurge and buy 2 cloth diapers ($40) and use 1 disposable a day just to get rid of the rest of what you have on hand. No need to buy anymore disposables!! You have 8 cloth diapers on hand, which is a pretty good start!
I'm the girl who cleans up Christmas before January 1. I love decorating. And I love undecorating. But one item didn't make it into the boxes headed to the attic this year (um, yes, the boxes are still hovering in our hallway).
My expenses look a little something like this:
The special effects are beyond bad, and the dialogue is often cornball. The performances are rather stiff, especially by the bit players, and the pacing is all over the place. All of the scientist/monster dialogue is performed via voice over narration for some reason, and it meanders from the educational to the pseudo-philosophical and back again. He is the subject of plenty of overly-long scenes that test the limit of your patience--the opening 15 minutes consists almost entirely of him tooling around his laboratory.
This is what He does.
Fasten off, leaving a long tail for sewing, and set aside.
On Opening Day of this season, the Ravens handed the Steelers one of the only real lopsided losses the Steelers have had in a very, very long time. I considered it a very flukey thing, one that the Steelers would probably not suffer again. And they didn't. In fact, moving forward, the Ravens are the ones that looked suspect, losing games to some really BAD teams while the Steelers looked like the Steelers ALWAYS do.
Not totally fulfilled, Maidei was introduced to a recent newcomer offering gourmet pastries in the Mission neighbourhood: multi-flavoured delicate cream puffs at Cruffs, The House of Cream Puffs. The cream puff shop has been around only for last six months with its baker from Vancouver. On weekends they offer up to 7 flavours which you choose and they will inject the same-day prepared, whipped cream into the freshly baked puff. Cyclists take note since the shop is not far from the bike route –just few blocks away.
Registration rates rise by about ten percent thereafter.
A short music video featuring John Cooper-Clarke watching on TV the story of his thwarted relationship with Cathy La Crème. It’s the recurrent tale of what happens when fame, fortune and fifteen minutes extract their price. .
What do we learn about God as creator from the revelation to Israel?
Today is the day that I stop allowing the rabbit trails to distract me.
Different automobiles are different in make therefore, expertise is needed to service each type of vehicle. An expert in this field is trained in dealing with every aspect of the car. He is able to troubleshoot any anomaly in operation, correct any dysfunctions and advice you accordingly.
As a designer it is nice to stumble upon a portfolio where you say if I was to hire someone this would be it! I love everything about this room, the painted ceiling, the mix of textures and of course the typography on the wall! Jump over and visit Lauren Muse's Portfolio, I promise you will walk away feeling refreshed!
Anyway, on to fall produce! Next up: Carrots. Definitely one of the most versatile of the fall vegetables, carrots can go in, well almost any dish, and one of the easiest fall dishes to prepare is a hearty, stick to your ribs beef stew. Seriously all you need is the ability to chop, brown and boil to make stew. I’ve used lots of different cuts of beef for stews but I recently tried giving short ribs a try. I really liked the way it turned out — the marbled meat was definitely falling off the bone by the time the stew was done and it was absolutely tender. I’m also a firm believer (and perhaps this is my Irish heritage talking), that you can put in almost any vegetables you’ve got lying around.
But first: backstory.
9- WE HAVE SOME AWESOME ROLE MODELS:
the media trashes Courtney Love. A media whore. She likes attention. Who doesn't, Unfortunately her attention is considered not so flattering. At least she is who she is. Not compromising because the public does not get her. Sure the only good albums she's made, Beautiful on the inside, and Live through this. Live through this may have been helped by Kurt Cobain her dead husband, who may or may not have helped to write this album. It is her poetry in the words, the music was enhanced by KC. We all take from people we admire. I took the name of my book from KC because its how I felt. How I feel.
We have been busy putting up fence. We are putting up woven wire with an electric strand on the inside and barbwire on the top. We completed the lamb pen which is were they will be weaned but the grass is so high in there and I don't have the rest of the fencing done so all the sheep are in there but they have eaten most of it down already so we are trying to get the other pasture fence done. We have all of the wooden posts put in along the yard so today I am going to try to get wire up. We had one set back a huge cotton wood tree fell (2 of the three huge trunks) right where we were going to start putting in more posts. We cut on it one evening but still have more to go. This might take awhile.
We are youth with heavy hearts. We carry in ourselves a heaviness so immense that it makes it difficult to us to enjoy the sunset. How to enjoy it when dark clouds paint the horizon and bleak memories run past our eyes every time we close them? We smile in order to hide the pain. We laugh in order to forget the war. We hope in order not to commit suicide here and now. During the war we got the unmistakable feeling that Israel wanted to erase us from the face of the earth. During the last years Hamas has been doing all they can to control our thoughts, behaviour and aspirations. We are a generation of young people used to face missiles, carrying what seems to be a impossible mission of living a normal and healthy life, and only barely tolerated by a massive organization that has spread in our society as a malicious cancer disease, causing mayhem and effectively killing all living cells, thoughts and dreams on its way as well as paralyzing people with its terror regime. Not to mention the prison we live in, a prison sustained by a so-called democratic country.
I want to get done in that short amount of time.
If anything, a big idea is more important now than ever.
My original idea on this one was to just have the baby popping out of the box. It's hard to really show though just what a gift Olivia has been to our family, and how much Abby adores her. I was glad that Amy "got it" that she was dressed up in a batman costume before she read the text. I was going for the Adam West version, and had hoped it wasn't too subtle. I'm thinking I'm going to add some actual package graphics to the gift-box, too.
Heat cream until hot but not boiling. Gradually stir in chocolate until you have a thick, shiny spread. Will harden as it cools.
No, it has nothing to do with the fact that you lied when you said you were “stunned” about the bonuses.
Some things never change. “Metropolis” is 83 years old yet the storyline of the wealthy keeping the working class down seems to be timeless as is the desire of man to recreate himself in his own image. This past Sunday the classic Tampa Theater completed it Summer Film Festival with a showing of Fritz Lang’s masterpiece, the recently restored version with approximately 25 minutes added. As most know this was not a case of just adding more footage but restoring the film back to its original length, at least as close as possible. What made this extraordinary showing even more special was the live accompaniment by Dr. Steven Ball on the Mighty Wurlitzer Organ. As we were informed in some introductory remarks by Tara Schroeder, the Director of Programming of the Tampa Theater, this presentation was the North American premiere of this film with live organ accompaniment. The Tampa Theater was practically the home for the late organist Rosa Rio who passed away earlier this year at the age of 107!
But with joy our hearts can say
What’s “vintage” to you…….if you’re real young something that’s ten years old might seem like vintage to you……if your older….it might take something that’s fifty or a hundred years old to be considered a vintage item. Compose an interesting picture with whatever you choose
Saying that he was well-behaved at the doctor is an understatement...and was worth every penny of the dollar I spent at McDonald's for the mini sundae. In fact, I probably would have paid $10.
Even worse is using dialect. Too many apostrophes say that you do not know how to write dialogue. It’s better to use colloquialisms like “That dang fiddle-foot don’t rightly know what he’s talking about.” It gets the point across, and is easier to read.
Peter Murphy: vocals & guitar
One of the main stories for me was the Tower of Babel, a relatively small story in the Bible but it is one of few that actually has the Lord come to Earth and talk to His people, rather than through an Angel etc
Next comes the introduction from the advertising manager named rich. He introduced the brewery its self telling us some information about the history of thornbirdge, its brewery's and the beers that made it famous, Jaipur. After this we were shown to the brewery its self, the first port of call was were the malt or in this case rye was being processed. During our time in here we were introduced to a man who i'd met on numerous occasions before called Dom who many reading this blog will recognize from his twitter page. During this brief introduction we were also lucky enough to leanr about a new beer on the lines that was coming up hopefully sooner than later, the only specs that were given away were that its was a double rye pale ale and at 8.5 % certainly not a beer to be messed about with.
Want more fashion inspiration? Check out my Pinterest, and feel free to ask me for an invite if you need one- just leave me a comment with your email!
The growing acidity in our ocean waters is a threat to mankind and will wipe out coral and many species of fish and other sea life if nothing is done soon.
When we invisibly drift toward pre-conceived expectations we have of our children, we are not giving them the trust and tools they need to make their own choices and set their own course, thereby putting them in the exact same position as we were once in - unsure, fearful, with their parent's definition of happiness and success. So what’s the answer?
Dedicated to the unlikely star of the story,
Tim Holtz Game Spinners
G (holding up drumstick): Dad? Did this used to be a cow?
Things are starting to get interesting again, as far as my fractals are concerned. I've let them be for a few months, having other things on my mind in the intervening time and since the results least year weren't all that conclusive I decided to take a time out and reassess what I was doing and what I wanted to do in the coming year or so.
Able to use word processing, spreadsheet, database and engineering programs applications.
Turquoise 3
in a never ending battle
wheretofore so help them God, amen. I had received several such letters in the
Maybe I’m being a bit a bit extreme.
The Jaws logo is made with Eyeko Saucy. I've added a shark biting the logo. The colour of the gums is China Glaze Something Sweet and the teeth are made with H&M Love at First Sight. The sharks skin is a mix of Ciaté Vintage, Orly Mirror Mirror and H&M Love at First Sight.
* Wolfie is much more active and seems a lot more confident than the last time I saw them. His vocals have improved as well.
The romance between Kate and Vincent was enchanting and exciting, you can really feel their connection as you read through the book. There is also something that I can’t quite put my finger on about Jules (one of Vincent’s fellow revenants) – he flirts with Kate a lot and I have a hopeful feeling that something more might be revealed in the books to come. I really liked all the characters in this story, except the bad guys of course, and I look forward to finding out more about them as the trilogy continues.
What do you think of my completed project piece?
Ironically a bush is in the way. (There is a window with whiter light right behind that bush, that is where Obama came out to wave. Yeah, he's there, you just can't see him.) Damn Bush.
What about extenuating circumstances? Turnitin late submission setting only works if students have not previously submitted a draft. (Can use the Revision assignment type.)
In reference to greek mythological stories of goddesses, these women look gentle and fragile, yet posses a strong power. Without seeing their faces the identity becomes unimportant, the focus being on their performance. The variety of mirrors I use help them blend into their surroundings, the mirror serving as an illusion to show off their power by changing the landscape at will.
TSA said in a statement that it does not profile passengers on the basis of race, ethnicity or religion and is continually working with communities, including The Sikh Coalition, “to help us understand unique passenger concerns.” The agency said it supports “efforts to gather passenger feedback about the screening process.”
Step three, small changes. Do not change your diet completely over night (unless you are seriously one of those people who can go completely cold turkey. I am not one of those people). Example, I used to have 4 teaspoons of sugar in my coffee EVERY morning. That is 60 calories that really did nothing for me. I cut back to 2 teaspoons for about a month. The next month, I went down to 1 teaspoon. Then by the next month, I did not have any sugar at all. You do not want to deprive yourself so you do not stick to a new eating plan. A lot of people believe you have to give up all your favorite dishes to lose weight. Though you may have to give up SOME (such as fast food), there are a lot of healthy ways to make your favorites.
i have had the hardest time writing this because i am still not sure how i feel. i am thankful that this weekend was not full of tears. it was much easier than i had anticipated but it has still left me at a place i am unable to explain. i am just not sure why it is still so hard. i can not seem to find the words. i realize it goes without saying that my heart dove right back into cancer and our fight and where we are now...i just feel like i have not arrived anywhere really. maybe that is normal. if i ever arrived i would stop growing and changing and evolving into the woman i am still becoming. the aim is not arrival. but the in between. which can be fuzzy and unclear and i am not the best in this place. i would say i am less of a black and white thinker...as i tend to be more comfortable in the grey. so i guess i will embrace the grey and live in it and keep learning. i am thankful for how Jesus keeps using cancer to stretch me and challenge me and work on me from the inside out.
I think of it as my other life.
The persecution in 1984 of Ray Honeyford a head teacher at Manningham Middle School in Bradford shows the depths of intolerance for those who diverge even slightly from the orthodoxy because Mr Honeyford supported multi-racialism but warned of multi-culturalism. Just consider the Gestapo – Stasi style methods the tolerant ones used on him. The local education authority tried to have him removed from his school, and when he wrote about his efforts in the Salisbury Review he was de-humanised by the media, had a “rent a mob” screaming ‘Racist’ outside the school gates, the local education authority sent a psychiatrist to see him, and the Department for Education had Helena Kennedy QC subject him to an Inquisition and school inspectors persecuted him. He had to retire at 52! (5)
Lime Green Ruby by Bonnie and Camille
Who benefits, when the State, media, and social media deny Breivik's rights to a free and fair trial, censoring those who support the rule of law and his right to a free and fair trial?
The whole process worked beautifully. He was diagnosed quickly and effectively. He was assessed further at the local hospital who referred on to the Regional Centre where he was well looked after, nursed excellently, and when he came to see me, he and his wife were delighted.
I recently received this added security and did have a difficult time choosing the security questions. Some of them I couldn’t answer, and others struck me as odd or too easy for someone else to guess.
Confirmed Speakers include Baroness Wheatcroft of Blackheath; Deb Leary OBE, CEO, Forensic Pathways Ltd; Cathy Walker. Head of Public Sector Marketing, Fujitsu Services; Sheila Elliott FCCA, MBA, LPNLP; Director BSS Group; Turly Humphries, CEO, Circle Sports; Sonia Brown MBE (founder NBWN and Sistatalk) and Jenny McDowell, Manager, Business Networks External Affairs, Lloyds Banking Group – Commercial.
So Shelby, remember the smiley faces we used to draw? All the notes we used to pass? In elementary school when we called each other "Shelbo" and "Jesso"? All the mix cds? Camping? All the crushes? Recess? Dances? Football games? Pep club, art club, choir, Girl Scouts? Everything else I'm forgetting til you mention it?
happy 4th of july!
California Indians cherished the poppy as both a source of food and for oil extracted from the plant. Its botanical name, Eschsholtzia californica, was given by Adelbert Von Chamisso, a naturalist and member of the Prussian Academy of Sciences, who dropped anchor in San Francisco in 1816 in a bay surrounded by hills of the golden flowers. Also sometimes known as the flame flower, la amapola, and copa de oro (cup of gold), the poppy grows wild throughout California. It became the state flower in 1903. Every year April
Here are the items - available at Target and Drugstore.com most notably.
All 3 have already been added to the Design Studio Cartridge Update along with the 2 missing carts from December - Victorian Romance and CM This & That.
ME - It keeps going in and out of reception, I'll just give it a second...
"The report is believed to have been hard-hitting and instrumental in the evolution of subsequent negotiations leading to the September Global Political Agreement" on power-sharing between Zanu-PF and the MDC, they said in a statement.
Literary
However, the whole thing could have been over quickly. If he had raised his hand and waved or given any acknowledgment whatsoever that could be construed as "my bad", I would have waved back, calmed down, and the situation would have been over.
BUDGET: $100,000,000 in media. About four cents in production.
Matthew 7:20, 22-23 Acts 4:8 Acts 13:9,10 Galatians 5:21,22 1Corinthians 13:4-7 1Corinthians 12 Romans 12:4-8 Ephesians 4:11
To be truthful, she is dealing with complex issues, that I haven't even begun to fully understand. My plan is to finish reading the book which I am doing slowly, and then start reading it again.
Catherine Ribeiro- La Solitude
Editors often get a bad rap. Most writers don’t like their words to be changed, trimmed or otherwise played with. Editors are seen as nitpickers, at best; an intrusive presence, at worst. A good editor, though, leaves behind a better story, without having left a footprint behind.
Judged on a regional basis and approved by a national awards jury, the South East region buildings are amongst 97 buildings in the UK and Europe which have received RIBA Awards today (89 in the UK and 8 in the rest of the EU). The shortlist for the RIBA Stirling Prize, for the building of the year, will be drawn from the 97 RIBA Award winners.
Here's the thing...
Ten (10) or 9% of women did not work and were described as ‘cripple’ (1), ‘superannuated’ (6), ‘sick for the last 10 years’ (1), and ‘unable to work from sickness’ (2).
Charter Schools Are a Net Negative:
So try it out. Start a new habit. See what's blocking progress. For me part of the issue seems to be that I almost always have both children in the same physical space with me and it seems to be much more natural for it to happen if I have undivided time with one of them alone. Granted, it's not impossible with two. Just feels a little harder.
I thought I would never do this again, but here I am remodeling an old house. This is a cottage I bought 17 years ago and it was pretty much a wreck back then. The work put into it in the early 90’s has been used up by time and the lives of some lovely people who tenanted the house over the years. So it’s time to fix it up and move into it myself later this summer. It’s a modest little house built in 1950 on a piece of land that is at the edge of the town of Jacksonville, Oregon. I have almost an acre of land and, praise be, neighbors on only one side so far and open land wherever else I look. Of course, as these things go there is always more work that needs to be done than time and money to do it. I am looking at a multi stage project and have decided to tackle those jobs that are most important to me in this first phase. Energy efficient windows are the top priority along with replacing all the doors with solid wood ones. And air conditioning, which led to needing a new furnace. (That put a dent in the budget.) And I need a nice bedroom with a wood floor and a glass door out to the deck we are going to build in the back. That will be where the handmade paper will happen. The indoor studio will be in the larger of the two bedrooms. The walls and ceilings need to be resurfaced throughout the house. The bathroom and kitchen are boring, but functional, and so they will just get a new coat of paint for now and I will dream about their upgrades in the cold of next winter.
As I begin to walk away he tries to push himself up on his feet from a slumped sitting position.
The awesome pajamamommas (go see their blog!) says: I’m curious to hear more about what it’s like to live in a country that’s not the one you grew up in. What do you miss most about Country A? What wierd cultural differences have you encountered? (if you can say without giving away your top-secret location).
Clearly with all this violence, someone was a threat! Just usually not the people doing most of the dying.
28 feb - Star Club - Dresden, Germany
the point at all -— to the music,
08. I’m Pissed
Anthony Peake's work puts a tighter focus on these ideas - in his 2008 book The Daemon, he offers evidence that each of us have a left brain/physical consciousness called the Eidolon; and we each have a right brain/metaphysical awareness called the Daemon, which has the foreknowledge of what is to come and sometimes "steers" the physical body into better outcomes. In terms of Everett's Many Worlds and my approach to visualizing the dimensions, could this Daemon be an awareness operating from the sixth dimensional phase space of all possible outcomes for our universe, traveling from conception to death with each version of a unique individual as they physically navigate the possible world lines of their fifth dimensional probability space?
Moving on in the A-Z Challenge, the second letter of the alphabet opens the door to one of this summer's most anticipated movies. Batman Begins kicked off a trilogy, and there would be no Dark Knight without it, and even though the awesomeness that was Heath Ledger's Joker will not be there for round three, I trust the storytelling and film making instincts of Christopher and Jonathan Nolan, who also brought us Inception, Insomnia, and Memento*.
I, on the other hand, was glad I kept my commitment even though I felt guilty about not looking forward to my 30minutesontheboysturf.
"Rare are the musicians who can even play Zappa's music, let alone make it live and breathe. So Thank the Lord for the GrandMothers of Invention."..."With three different Zappa eras represented, the GrandeMothers have a wide palette of material to choose from."..."They served up vintage psychedelia - rock songs with surreal lyrics, jazz-like harmonies and melodic complexity, with flashes of wacky satire."..."Amazing virtuoso musicians, fun and funny."
A. Brief Bio-Intro
One Friday afternoon, on 20 May 1983 at exactly 16:00, I grabbed my briefcase and headed for the stairway to the exit of the building. I was eager to get home as soon as possible to catch up on my UNISA study assignments. The deadline dates for completion were looming again! By 16:30 I presumed that my bus was behind schedule due to the heavier traffic, which had become the norm on a Friday afternoon in Pretoria Central.
0 hits: The unit doesn’t do anything this turn. Counts as activated.
I know I said I am NOT moving again. As much as I don't want to upheave and experience the stress/ eye twitch of moving with kids like the last 3 times, there was something cathartic about starting fresh (and as my husband promised: NEW kitchen and baths. Ones I don't have to renovate with just paint.)
“Okay, this is going to sound like a wild story, but I’m sure you hear them all the time.”
Directions on how to fill out Agenda Book page:
Pelargonium x domesticum ‘Elegance Camelot’ – Spectacular flower petals of deep burgundy edged in bright rose and fading to shell pink on the edges, nicely contrasted by the bright apple green serrated foliage. Martha Washington geraniums do well in containers but should not be crowded, as they resent having their foliage covered. Grows 12 to 18″ high. Tender Annual.
He has missed you
Store in an airtight container.
Power Drill Tips
SB 1.16.25
Famous last words.. I 'dillied' and I 'dallied' like the best of them.. and upon reaching the Salon of Hercules... I lingered in awe of the painted ceilings of Francoise Le Moyne.. I spent so long in this room just taking in all the incredible beauty.. It didn't hurt that the overall room tones were blue and green.. which just added to my delight and feeling of calm.. Actually calm might not be the correct word... as I distinctly remember my poor aching neck from trying to take in every angle of that ceiling... If I could have lain on the floor to take the shots I would have.. but that might have caused some unwanted attention.. so finally, exhausted with beauty, I left the room sure that that was it! .. Nothing was going to match that sight!...
What ever happened to the concept of doing a days (nights) work and then getting paid a days (nights) wage?
I also found a couple books in particular helped me touch places in my psyche's basement that I hardly knew existed. One is Alice Miller's The Drama of the Gifted Child. She suggests that many children tend to develop aspects of their personality in reaction to their environment, and as such, lose aspects of their true selves. Because we want to please mommy or daddy, we do something that is not in alignment with our highest self and develop tendencies that eventually sabotage our deepest joys. The book suggests steps to move towards understanding, grieving and healing.
Koons scanned the image of “Silk Sandals” into his computer and incorporated a version of the scanned image into “Niagara.” The legs from “Silk Sandals” are second from the left among the four pairs of legs that form the focal images of “Niagara.” Koons did not seek permission from Blanch or anyone else before using the image.
“Ideally, I would love to find someone with the chops to stand up to the New York Times Bestseller list, for example. It is a high standard, but I feel it’s important to aim for the top and hold out for quality.
Rene~March 2012
I then used Nestabilities circle to cut it out and a Scalloped circle to cut out the mat in Memory Box Granny Smith (really close match to the tiny leaves in the DP).
with equanimity, but I have to admit, I fucking hate it. The minute I
I’m sure I was ten shades of pink. I think I shushed myself and apologized until every last book was back in its place. I kept waiting for an employee to question me and threaten to kick me out. I was prepared to apologize profusely and explain what happened. I’d buy TGOFAT just so they’d know I didn’t create a scene for no good reason. I figured if nothing else, one bookstore employee would definitely know that a customer went to great lengths to get a copy of Rae’s book.
Hi everyone. I actually wasn’t going to blog today, because I want to put in some extra time reading this afternoon. (I FAILED at Amanda’s readathon.) But I saw this survey revived at Trish’s place this afternoon and thought I’d participate. I think I focus a lot on reviews and books at this blog, but forget sometimes to share my personality. I have no idea if people out there actually know who I am or why I’m blogging– especially since a lot of people have just recently joined me here at the site.
Preheat oven to 150d C (300d F) Butter/ oil and flour tins.
I would click through blogs or scroll through photos of those I follow on Instagram, and I’d see photo after mouthwatering photo of all your delicious food shots, and I would die a little inside. Seriously, there were a couple of times that I actually teared up, because I realized how much we take for granted the simple act of eating great food when we’re hungry. We take for granted the accessibleness of it, the abundance of it (for most folks, anyway).
Horseshoe 2 Fire
Everyone has a favourite pair of shoes right? Even boys have their comfiest trainers! Invest in a pair that are practical, comfy and suit your personality. Shoes are the the base of a good look. The nicest ballgown in the world can be spoiled by a pair of trainers. The leather boots gave the rock chicks their edge, the fringed suede added style to the cowboys and platform shoes (!) MADE the 70s! (I really need to be stopped before I go off on a tangent.) So what shoes are for you?
It took awhile for me to realize this. He wouldn't let me hang out with friends especially guys. Just when I was seriously considering breaking up with him and dealing with his harsh words, I found out I was pregnant. Of course I don't regret having Little One she saved my life. She really did and I fought for her.. I'll talk about that later. So now this is when it really started getting heated.
Schrader SM, Turner TW, Burg JR, Ratcliffe JM. Semen Characteristics of "unexposed workers" - A comparison of five worker populations. J Andrology 1987; 8: 1-34.
Anyways, I dont know exactly but its in the early eighties when it became obligatory for every woman ( dont know if its a written law anywhere but they do enforce it strictly) in the Kingdom to wear an abaya. The strictness of wearing the headscarf, I have seen varies from city to city. I havent seen Mutawwa or the vice police roaming the roads or the malls in Jeddah. maybe once or twice in my entire life there. And even then they weren't directly talking to a woman, they were just saying aloud to everyone to cover up. I know that its really really strict in Riyadh you can read the stories here. I know for sure its much more strict in other cities of KSA. In a mall in Hail. the mutawa are ALWAYS present and you HAVE to cover even your face. Khobar is another story. In the past three years, i havent seen many mutawwa out and about. I have seen westerners without an abaya or a headscarf in the malls in dahran. But yes I was once caught up by one. I was wearing a very plain cotton abaya the only thing different in it was it was Purple. I was coming out of a shop and my husband was stopped by the vice GMC. they told him that your wife is not wearing an abaya as an abaya is suppose to be black.
For those of you not in the greater Rochester, NY area, there is some competition on who has the best chicken wings in the area. I am a TERRIBLE food critic. I really am a pretty bad anything critic because I only know what things I like… not necessarily what things are good. For example, I really like Peanut Butter and Bacon sandwiches. That pretty much says it all. But I will tell you that an order of boneless chicken wings from the Stoneyard with their house sauce… hits the spot. I think ordering those wings are so good they would satisfy my hunger for chocolate… and no… they don’t taste like chocolate.
Baking soda- 2 tsp
Lipstick- Yellow- Candy Girl Lipstick – Pink Acid (market place only!) & Sex & Champagne -Pididdle
Time for Reserves. Two units of Aliens came on from the northeast and west. Brian's single squad of Colonial Marines entered from the southeast in their APC.
literature I knew (before you came)
There is a long standing agreement between summer and I; it bleats on out outside and makes merry with the cows and the flowers while I keep my distance inside and read books about dead people. Why is this, you ask without much curiosity? Well, I reply glumly, I’ve witnessed summer making merry before, and the nightmares will likely never go away. So, I read books about dead people. Haunting Violet was one of the more promising specimens that I took under my metaphorical wing for the summer, and it certainly didn’t disappoint. I’d like to think it was a little more grateful about being saved from having a front row seat for the summertime merry-making, but alas, it simply picked my pocket and put laudanum in my tea.
Take care all!!
There is so much you can control in life, why spend time worrying about the things you can't? I hope you have a lovely Easter weekend whatever the weather decides to do! I'll be crafting, baking and gardening, unless it rains ALL weekend lol :)
A tango starts always by the man making the first step but still is not dominated by him. And from the male perspective, I adore (and prefer) tangeras who know how to take initiatives, as this makes the dance more challenging, alive and creative. On the other hand, it is extremely unpleasant to dance with somebody who doesn’t follow. My role is to introduce the musicality and primarily control the space in the milonga, respecting my partner and the other people. So dancing with a person who acts on its own is very tiring and transforms tango into a sequence of ‘unfulfilled intensions’ rather that a creative communication.
when you spoke,
This huge stone house, with its ivied walls, was always a mystery to us. What were those gables, those rooms and attics, those narrow windows veiled by the cedar trees. As we sang Wild Shepherds’ we craned our necks, gaping into that lamplit hall which we had never entered; staring at the muskets and untenanted chairs, the great tapestries furred by dust - until suddenly, on the stairs, we saw the old Squire himself standing and listening with his head on one side.
I am smelling......nada. Need to get some tart warmers turned on I guess!
i've included the recipe the MITM used for shrimp and sausage jambalaya. he used the frozen chicken stock i made from scratch last week, used virginia smoked ham, smoked turkey sausage and added mussels,. it was delicious!
I can now say that editing a magazine is anxiety relieved by excitement. Anxiety because you're never sure, if you're new, that you're doing the best possible thing, and excitement because the people you approach to do things often seem quite keen in the end. I realise this may be a fool's paradise.
* set test_module:debug = 0×13
For these reasons – and for the reasons I’ll add every Sunday that I go to church and am freshly inspired (or spiritually challenged), I’m making this my weekly tithe. If you can find a church, synagogue, mosque or temple you love even half as much as I love Lourdes, you’ll feel blessed to support it, too. I promise.M
The event that we celebrate—the birth of the God-Chosen maiden—brought joy to all the world, for the God-man, Jesus Christ, Who shone forth from Her, destroyed God’s curse which weighed heavily upon the transgressing and accursed human race, and brought God’s blessing upon it; having trampled down inherent death, He gave people eternal life.
Ha! It's set to 69! Definitive proof that Mr. G lies and hates me and wants me to die of heat stroke in the night! Not 68, which means sleeping comfortably and NOT dying of heat stroke. No, 69 degrees! I'm onto you, Mr. G!
We hope that you are all finding time to enjoy the beginning of fall---heard it was gorgeous in ND today! Thanks for the care packages and cards this week, we really appreciate it. I am working on getting some return mail out soon! :) If anyone gets an itch to send a letter, our address is PO Box 2484, Sandpoint ID 83864. Have a great week!!
Kegged: TBD
I have always been interested in dreams. I even wrote my first and only poem on the subject. Having the bad luck to be a terribly light sleeper in my teens and twenties, I used to remember a lot of my dreams. I would bore all of my friends in high school describing my dreams to them in the mornings. Once motherhood reared its lovely but exhausting head, I have had no problem sleeping. I have heard that dreams are influenced by the things you did that day, watched on TV or read about. We have all had those stressful dreams that we are late to work (school) and keep encountering unrealistic obstacles making us even later. Or the ones where we wake up, heart in mouth, gasping for air. Hopefully those dreams are forgotten quickly. Many of mine seem to have to do with spies or science fiction. That’s pretty predictable if you know my taste in entertainment.
A math resource teacher at our school had showerboard from Lowe's/Home Depot cut to the size of her tables and then ducktaped it in place. If there are things you use all the time you could use permanent marker and write (number lines, elkonin boxes etc ) right in their space so they can show their work and erase.
So what should I find in my mailbox the other day but a package from my buddy Uvulapie! It's had a few CDs in it and School's Out was one of them. He is trying to transform me into a genuine Alice Cooper fan... and to be honest, it's an uphill battle for him. I previously mentioned my work's radio station and when I listen to anything from this era I think of work. It makes me sad. But I bit the bullet and sunk my teeth into this disc. It's actually really good. Excellent even. It makes me sad but only because the general public will only know this album for the title song. It's filled with cool songs - my personal favorites being "My Stars" and "Public Animal #9." Also, the bass work on this album is phenomenal. You know, like it was played by a genuine bass player and not a guitar player who decided to become the bassist after the band was formed.
That puts matters squarely in perspective.
El reto de la semana era usar un outfit blanco-y-negro; una combinación de colores que no solo es clásica y que nunca pasa de moda, sino que también dominó las pasarelas de esta temporada. Este outfit lo tenía pensado desde hace un tiempo pero con tacones rojos (y lo iba a usar en la fiesta de McDonalds & Hispanicize, pero terminé robándole una camisa a Flor de Maria); en esta ocasión, aprovechando la temática B&W... solo agregué color en la pintura de labios- también quise mantenerlo en tendencia al usar una camisa cuello peter-pan y la falda de pliegues de "cuero". Este fin de semana Gabo (novio y fotógrafo), se fue a Puerto Rico a visitar a su familia; esto fue lo que utilicé para ir a comer con el la noche antes. Espero que les haya gustado! No olviden dejar sus outfits blanco-y-negro al final de este post !
I am the owner of a dog named Quizz, who happens to be known as a Pit Bull mix. What he really is doesn’t matter, he has the large blocky head and muscular frame telling people he is a ‘Pit Bull’. I have a good dog, whom I love deeply.
I burst through where I waited long, too long, deafen’d and blinded,
Rose - 9.9m
confident of victory,” one of the messages reads.
If you believe that this country succeeds when everyone gets a fair shot, when everyone does their fair share, when everyone plays by the same rules, then vote for me. I’m just as corrupt as my opponents, but I give better speeches.
"why?", asked Brain
Rockland's Philosoraptor is a dynamic trio of Dave Butler on bass, Kyle Sareyani on guitar and Derek Tripp on drums. They recently came together, rocking the house at an R Space show and the recent edition of Trekkapalooza.
When we deal with the Sacred Host, the Eucharist, we must link to the Passion. And such a link is even more easily made when one considers the Eucharistic miracle of Orvieto – when a priest who had doubts about the Blessed Sacrament was given the consolation of seeing drops of blood fall onto the corporal after he pronounced the words of Consecration.
Tomas was admitted yesterday. He has a fever and a dry cough, feeding intolerance and retching. Nothing has come back positive yet so they are still looking for the source of the infection. This makes the 12th month in a row he has been admitted. For one complete year he has been in the hospital at least once per month Sixteen admissions in 12 months and only one of them was overnight. To say I am tired, that my girls are tired, my husband, his employer, our family, friends and bank account are tired is the exact opposite of a hyperbole.
Pot calling the kettle black Pakatan? As mentioned in a comment elsewhere, scrap ALL handouts and ‘steal-outs’ (like Toll Concessionaires) and give only to the poorest of all races. There is no pie for the 99% when the 1% toll keepers keep taking money from the voters. Meanwhile lower the election deposits so that the POOR can take seats, join politics and write policies. Have you declared your assets yet Tony Pua? People in Pakatan? But you still want to keep election deposits high eh? WHys should anyone vote for a ‘new’ coalition that doesn’t change anything yet? Almost an entire term has passed but no local council elections or asset declarations BY POLITICIANS, EXCO declarations do not count in the context spoken of by Pakatan when wooing voters in 2008.
Contact: Lisa Soard
Reservations for lunch and dinner upstairs are recommended
I’ll squeeze that sponge
Those deemed to be former collaborators are obliged to resign from office and if they do so they are guaranteed anonymity.
Row 29: Cast off 2 stitches, knit to the end of the row. (16 stitches)
I didn't mean for this post to only be filled with food pictures, but apparently those are the only pictures I took this weekend. I promise we did more than just eat all weekend, although the pictures on my camera would argue otherwise.
As the team prepares themselves for the job, the detectives are hard at work trying to solve the first robbery and looking for leads. After a routine bust, Jake and Eddie find evidence linking Ghost to the Russian mob. Jake tails Ghost and eventually sees him meet with Gordon and Jesse. As Jake continues to get closer to solving the case, the day of the heist arrives and ultimately results in a hectic web of betrayal, some obvious twists, and a few genuinely interesting action set pieces.
Needless to say, the show was mind-blowing: a combination of pyrotechnical wizardry, lasers, projected graphics and spine-chilling sound effects – the drone of warplanes, the chtok-chtok-chtok of a helicopter, the drumming of marching feet. As the rock concert proceeded, a towering white wall was constructed onstage, brick by giant brick, the tiny figure of Roger Waters all in black dwarfed by its massiveness. Slowly the supporting band and row of vocalists disappeared behind the wall, which then became the canvas for many of the projected images and animation sequences we know so well from the Pink Floyd movie.
But understand we don’t limit God … we limit ourselves and our relationship and life with and IN God … with and IN Christ Jesus.
I can literally spend an entire day going from project to project, never really finishing anything. Do any of you have the same problem?? Please say yes, even though maybe you don’t :)
So all in all, a ride that I was less than enthusiastic about going on, garnered quite an enjoyable experience. The sights, smells, sounds, and exciting discoveries that seemed to be around every corner, all reminded me of just how much I love going on bike rides. And to think.. I almost went home instead of going on this ride. Shame on me!
A2 sz. 4.25" x 5.5" White
Bruce Friedman, who blogs regularly about the use of computers in medicine, also has described how the Internet has altered his mental habits. “I now have almost totally lost the ability to read and absorb a longish article on the web or in print,” he wrote earlier this year. A pathologist who has long been on the faculty of the University of Michigan Medical School, Friedman elaborated on his comment in a telephone conversation with me. His thinking, he said, has taken on a “staccato” quality, reflecting the way he quickly scans short passages of text from many sources online. “I can’t read War and Peace anymore,” he admitted. “I’ve lost the ability to do that. Even a blog post of more than three or four paragraphs is too much to absorb. I skim it.”
Now local, I phoned our tour guide arranger Mohammed, who joined us at our hotel to review the plans for the next four days. My one page of details and scribbled notes became the basis of all reminders and my travel journal. He also took us to buy water and sandwiches from one of the local delis. Fed and through showers, we adjourned to bed. Cairo continued it's noise, the noise pollution of car horns, sirens, etc, said to make the city 8x as loud as a city of equivalent size.
We are so enjoying being back in Anápolis and in a routine. Life is good and we just LOVE where we live (have I ever mentioned that?). :) The seminary campus we live on is just so perfect for us...love love love it. I miss the states and all of you there and I always will. But I really love it here too and after years of travel and moving, I'm just feeling very...settled (ahh) at the moment. It's nice.
Late last week, Jeremiah of knowthesphere inadvertently – and rather unexpectedly – brought me to a very bad place. It’s a memory I know exists, but never acknowledge. It’s a memory that can only come to life through the use of words, placed in a certain order that, when read back, break the locks normally used to keep it in it’s place – forgotten, ignored and dismissed. An un-memory, if you will.
Yoke pattern (shown in the lower left of the photo)
Many events have occurred which have created uncertainty and risk
Thanks again to Mr. Cards on Cards for the set help, and may we trade again in the future.
If he needs to fly somewhere, Miscavige routinely takes a private jet. I guess a commercial flight is beneath him. Apparently millions have been spent to fly Miscavige and his personal staff around the world in the last ten years. If a Sea Org Member has to go somewhere on business, it’s the cheapest flight possible. And if they have to go somewhere for personal reasons, say a family emergency, they (or their family) have to pay.
Don’t do it alone, let me do the work for YOU! Call Monkey Business Promotions today at 407-841-2370 and ask for Michael Cooper or Email me!
Grade: B-
The purpose the Spirit is to convict us of our need for God in our lives. Today we spend some time looking at the how, the plan. John, quoting Jesus, tells us in this passage: he will teach you everything and will remind you of everything I have told you.”
Folks who wants pay, reasons staying immaterial, they are supposed to upload the cheque secured to get their investment decision. It might be witnessed a banking account must be important to carry out all trades with loan companies, be it receiving the quantity or repaying precisely the same. The quantity below cash advance loans is really a changing, which relies on your paycheck along with the credit standing they both predicting your possible ways to pay.
What a great adaptation from the book! I'm always so picky when it comes to movies from books I love. Most of the time I hate the movie..... but not this one. The director got it so right, I tell ya. Only left out what needed to be for time constraints and stuck to the story.... and kept us wanting more.
Air Brushing
While the book is very explicit, it is never pornographic.
1 quart chicken stock, simmering (I heat mine in a pyrex pitcher in the microwave)
“All in good time, Cooper,” She keeps her gaze ahead as he falls into step.
I also picked a winner for the Love my Cameo blog hop! Lois, you didn't leave me any contact information, so I'm posting this here and hoping you see it! If I don't hear from you by 2-21 I will have to pick a different winner.
“Recently, I realized that music is not made but gathered. If I make it against my will, sometimes it goes different directions from my thoughts or color. I think when the music is naturally made with good intuition, it could be conveyed to people’s hearts.”
Inventors and companies would face a new 15% surcharge on patent fees under the Obama administration's proposed budget, with the funds going to help the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to "improve the speed and quality of patent examinations."
Click on the title to play the file.....a caller and a D.J., over the air.....talking about illegal immigrants and Arizona. It's only about 2 and a half minutes long.
Mother’s Day has been so corrupted by commercialism that I think it’s important to remember that it was originally started in 1870 as a cry against the Civil War and an attempt to remind people of what happens when you put mothers at the center of all things.
I can’t begin to explain how terrified and excited I am about your upcoming arrival. I keep wondering if it’s okay to be scared when everyone else always seems so happy. I’ve never heard another expectant mother talk about being scared, so maybe it is just me. I wish I wasn’t though since it’s so stressful on all of us. Saturday was supposed to be a fun day. We took a trip to southern Illinois and spent some time with the family, but by the end of the night I was feeling stressed.
Not that I didn’t see it coming, though. It happens all the time with Nicholas Sparks’ novels, and this one isn’t an exception. I don’t quite know how to put it, but he just has this inexplicable ability that makes every word somewhat concealed with weight and significance that in every book he writes, there would always be that part where you couldn’t just resist but cry. And I’m sure Sparks fans know exactly what I’m talking about. Maybe it’s the story that feels so alive, or maybe it’s the characters whom you grow attached with while reading, or maybe it’s just the combination of both that makes it feel so difficult to get over with.
Meeting the expectations is your job.
1. No low cut blouses. People have complained that the older crew, better known as cougars, have exceptionally wrinkled, low hanging boobs. We have had several occurrences when people have observed these abominations, and had to be rushed to the emergency room, and treated for shock. We will not tolerate older people thinking they are hot when they’re not. Now, if you are under the age of 30, Mr. Cheeseball, the HR Manager, has volunteered to take a look at the younger boobs and make a determination if a violation of this rule exists.
S: going to their house
and gay King’s Cross
Well people, our Jesus is not in an asylum, so I'm guessing that he might just be the one and only Alan, son of Howard
Here is what some of his fellow candidates have to say about Presidential Hopeful….HERMAN CAIN 2012
Intellectual property my ass!
Well… todays 25-minute run definitely didnt go as well as Monday’s. This evening I had to stop FOUR times during it. Another side stitch… and once I stop.. well its all over from there. Its like opening Pandora’s box to frustration and defeat.
learned that people with strong narcissistic tendencies do not change
I don't know if I've written about this yet, but Claire says, "Hi!" and "Bye!" to everyone. EVERYONE. Everyone and every thing, actually. When we go to the grocery store it's like she's on parade- everyone we see gets at least three enthusiastic hi's, followed by a round of very enthusiastic "buh bye's!!!" as we turn the corner to the next aisle, where we start over again with the "Hi's!!!!." It's both adorable and annoying, depending on the number of people who happen to be at the grocery store along with us. Her cheerful greetings were no different at the zoo- everyone, people and animals alike, received the full Claire treatment.
Hope you all have a great day!!
I’d be very happy to tell you what kind of soup it was, but I must admit that stupidly — and unusually for me — I failed to write down any details of my trip (ask my mom about our road trip to British Columbia where I wrote down every single thing we ate on the entire trip). All I know is that it was the Soup of the Day on a Monday, it was orange colored and maybe a little bit spicy but not too much, and it was absolutely delicious. If anyone can help me out I’d be eternally grateful, and a little less embarrassed.
Whole wheat flour: About 2 cups.
8:00-9:00 PM Nikita (season finale)
Today is vacuuming day - I start with a thorough vacuuming on my second floor, I vacuum the steps and then I move downstairs. When I vacuum, I vacuum all the floors - tile, wood, and carpet. I also use the attachments as needed and get corners and crevices. I find that by doing this once a week, the floors look fresh and clean all week long (for the most part). And yes, I only vacuum the whole house once a week. I do occasionally do touch ups with the vacuum, broom, or sweeper. A great thing about this technique is that all the floors are prepped for tomorrow - Thursday - floor washing day.
The thought of cooking and eating beignets had kept me awake much of the night.
I wrote before for writing.ie, and Irish writing web portal, that writing my blog has given me the confidence to approach magazines and websites for articles. It has also given me the confidence to look at a particular writing challenge to be able to assess it for what it is. I’m currently going over a submission to a writing competition for a travel essay competition with The Writer Magazine. I’m realistic enough to think that there’s a good chance I won’t come close. But, I know my strengths, and if I work hard I also know that there’s a good chance I could do well. Writing regularly, and blogging in particular, has given me that confidence in myself.
Whether work, personal, or a journal, a day doesn’t go by when I haven’t written something to please myself or others. The daily stress of life is basically the same for everyone—family, job, money, health—so I set aside the day to day stuff and concentrated just on the writing aspect and what it still means to me.
12) The Original Tron Movie
I did take some into work but I realized that I did have some really cute ornaments.
The icing on the cake is always saved for last, my friends, and this one is no exception. Tonight, I'm celebrating my husband with his favorite dessert (shh, don't tell him- good thing he doesn't read this often!) and while it's a favorite of many, it isn't my tip top choice.
Nice little shiny old oil painting with rectangles of mud maroon and cold cream.
And there were stars, not teardrops in these eyes
Rating 12
Yukiatsu: Hey, why don’t you hang out with me for some coffee right after now?
The last of Jupiter's 4 important moons or at least important at this writing. Io's scientific story begins with the gigantic pull of Jupiter and the opposite pull by Europa and Ganymede which results in Io's surface heaving up and down like an ocean tide. This is one explanation of Io's volcanoes hurling and exploding sulphurous material at an amazing force. Io is one active moon which rivals Earth in volcanoes. On its pizza shape surface there is sulphurous snow and ice and huge lava beds and below all that might be a sulphur ocean?
The aircraft had the informal nickname of “Baksheesh” which amounts to a term for a small amount of graft — hard to imagine how this applies to the aircraft, perhaps the sound of the term fit? This aircraft is displayed within the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force which provides this fact page.
I truly believe a hero of mine died that day…
I am crying with relief as I write this. I do not have cancer, but I have a future with my children, I have a career, I have a life.
The amputee — who has a false leg — DASHED 200 yards, VAULTED a 5ft wall and two garden fences and VANISHED in a block of flats.
Place ingredients in a mixing bowl and stir until well mixed. Let rest of 10 minutes. Roll out cracker dough to 1/16" thickness on a large, oiled cookie sheet (or use parchment paper). Cut with star-shaped (or other) cookies cutters.
I am completely moved and mostly settled in my CenPho abode. I lack most furniture still, but I will get there. Its a process, a journey. And in the weeks I have been here, my solitude has been showing me a lot.
Any type of comfort food–chicken, mashed potatoes, and those cinammon clusters you get from Chick-Fil-A.
On Friday I will embark on a trip deep into the Nevada desert to an awfully splendid locale! An oasis for adults awaits, and only a brief five hour car ride from my home in San Diego. I of course am referring to fabulous Las Vegas! Apparently filled with enough sin and debauchery to bring any romantic relationship crumbling, and enough winnings to make it all coalesce again on the trip back home. Neon lights, roulette, cacophony, losers, winners and a whole lot more.
5. Your sister? silly
Truly a pleasure to see and stay here.
Pork-free.
My bling-y nails. I am a hopeless manicure klutz. I absolutely cannot do my own nails to save my life, or at least that's what I thought until I tried these. LOVE. So easy and fun. I still can't make them look perfect, but at least there's no dry-time and they don't smell awful like regular polish.
- 1 tub of redcurrants
These eBooks can be viewed on your iPad, Kindle, Kobo, Nook, and Sony Reader.
While Krentcil pleaded “not guilty” and said that the burns were from tanning outside in the sun, not in the tanning booth. Patricia is accused of taking her daughter into the tanning booth with her.
Botswana alone donated $70 million.
7. Mike Tyson interlude
133 13. “Emma Toft: Queen of the Peninsula.” Congressional Record, vol. 120, p. 33677; Daily Record, pp. E6228-E6229 (October 2, 1974). Reprinted in Door County Advocate, Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, October 31, 1974, sec. 2, p. 2. (Source: Item D-VII/25/1972, below.)
The singer, 62, revealed he dived for the last time during a gig at New York's Carnegie Hall. However, none of the audience caught him, leaving The Stooges' frontman bruised.
Gleaming in glare of the camera light
so, yeah. i'm going to talk to someone in the office and kindly point out the error.
BM: I was delighted to be offered it. Ron Maxwell came to see me at Cafe Beckett in Hollywood at the time, and we were sitting there talking and he hadn’t told me yet what he wanted me to play, and there’s this friend of mine, an Apache, who was wearing a Civil War general’s hat which was navy blue. Ron laughed and said, “I like your hat.” This friend of mine just puts the hat on my head and Ron thought this was very funny because he was going to offer me the role of this Union general and I didn’t know it yet. My friend then said to me that he wouldn’t take the hat back because it looked so right on me. So Ron thought this was all very amazing because here he was, about to offer me the role of a Union general and I was already wearing the hat.
I've been feeling lately that what I share of my personal world on this blog is not all that fleshed out, because although I'll briefly mention my family members, I've hardly talked about them as *individuals*. I'll just say that I went downtown with Emi, or had a conversation with my dad, but neither of those things says much about who I'm actually sharing my life with! So I decided to do a bio of sorts on each family member. My apologies if this isn't the most fascinating subject ever (I mean, *I* think they're fascinating, so maybe you will too! ;-)), but I want to give more of a background on my life, so I plan on having the links to each family members 'page' on the sidebar once I've written them all (they'll probably be spread out over the next couple of months). A neat list of those people (animal people included) most important to me. But enough with introductions. Or maybe not. Just a different *type* of introduction...
There is a sentiment pinched by Manning Clark from Dostoevsky: “I want to be there when everyone suddenly understands what it has all been for.” That is much how I feel about the Gonski report. The report is an achievable solution to the decline in Australia’s education performance and to the unrealised potential of our education system.
I don't know...What I do know is that I left for two main reasons:
When the state produces unworkable or unsatisfactory conditions in any area of life, and therefore elicits complaints and protests, as it has for example in every area related to health care, it responds to these complaints and protests by making “reforms” that heap new laws, regulations, and government bureaus atop the existing mountain of counterproductive interventions. Thus, each new “reform” makes the government more monstrous and destructive than it was before. Citizen, be careful what you wish for; the government just might give it to you good and hard.
I have been having the hardest time with energy in the air recently. I've finally figured out what's causing it!!
Here is what we said during this film, I call it... "Burlesque should've said". It's all the lines that should've been in this movie.
K: I wondered if there was anybody else among current writers that you feel that way about.
The Chinese influence in Korean cuisine, apart from an extensive use of rice, is in its tea selection. Koreans are well known for their floral/fruity tea, especially the ginseng tea. Tiger loves the Korean date tea.
The conference began on Sunday evening, March 25, and ran until Tuesday noon, March 27. Driving home on Tuesday, my kids and I reflected about what went well and what they would do differently if given the chance to report at another RCEd, or during their next ejournalist gig. The students’ big take-away was: let kids lead more.
"It is said that the name "omena" was an Ojibwe expression that meant "is that so?" or "is that really true." Local tradition says that Rev. Daugherty responded to most statements made by his flock with "omena." Another meaning of Omena is "apple" from the Finnish word, although it is not known if many Finns arrived in the area."
"We're better than that," William said. "We're Chicago men and women."
Although this was only Ray's first film, his sensibility is already tough and his command of storytelling surefooted. The film has a raw energy that elevates it above many similar stories. The early encounters between Keechie and Bowie are fantastic, seething with barely contained stormclouds of hostility and attraction, which Ray captures by dwelling on Keechie's sullen, heavy-browed glares and Bowie's hesitant attempts to maintain his gangster composure. Ray's equally assured with their brighter moments, like the dawning grin on Keechie's face as she awakes one morning, stretching and mewling in a way that Bowie quite accurately describes as kittenish. Ray is undoubtedly better when dealing with the darker shadings of this story, however, and nowhere is this more apparent than when the couple has a brisk, pointed exchange about Keechie's unexpected, unwanted pregnancy. Bowie expresses his frustration and unhappiness with the situation, and Keechie responds with an absolutely harrowing line: "you don't see me knittin' nothing, do you?" It's such a direct and heartfelt response to her pregnancy, completely overshadowing Bowie's reaction with an implicit suggestion that she's the one who's really affected by this, that she's the one who's going to actually have the baby.
So last week I bought myself some birthday presents. I bought several sets of the Lego Friends. Note to people shopping for my daughter, if that’s what you want to get her later in the year for birthday or Christmas, ask me what we have, although I will say duplicates will be welcome, we can always use more pink and purple Legos. Anyway, I was so excited. Then it hit me. Rush Limbaugh (get over the source and stay with me here) celebrated his wife’s birth week when they were married. I’ve always thought that would be a fun tradition. So I asked my husband if I could be allowed a birth week, instead of just a day. He said yes, probably laughed at me at the same time, but my wish was granted. After asking, I thought of course he’d be okay with it. We’ve been doing unofficial Lori birth week for the past few years. He’ll get me a present he’s so excited about that I’ll get it early. Then there’s my actual birthday, when I get to open presents from everyone else and go out to a nice dinner. Then there is the day we finally get around to eating my birthday cake, because we were all too stuffed from eating out to touch a cake. I’m spoiled, I fully admit it.
The areas of Glengarry, Toongabbie, Cowwarr and Denison are part of the expansive and lush Gippsland Plains area and border large tracts of native and plantation forest. We have a current application in place for a licence to explore the already known significant coal resources of our area. Coal Seam Gas (CSG) is what they are after, but how safe is the processes to extract it.
These shreds of gauze are carelessly cut out
I was never too big a fan of compact foundation or 2-way cake, and I chucked them aside once i discovered BB Creams and Liquid Foundation. But recently my skin condition went from bad to worse, so I finally decided to give it a break from creams/gels/liquid foundations and I dug out this baby and dusted it off.
Reply soonest and call me .
There was a pause as everyone thought that over.
break
In order to experience the full vibration of the singing bowls, it is recommended that you dress comfortably for lying on the floor. You may want to bring a sweater or shawl to wrap yourself in, and a towel, blanket, or yoga mat to lie on, with a small towel or scarf to cover your eyes with. Please bring a journal or notebook for notes. Water, tea and coffee will be provided.
13. Life
On a different note, the most famous living literary champion of farmers and land, Wendell Berry, recently delivered the Jefferson Lecture for the National Endowment of Humanities. View/listen to it here. It’s long, but well worth a listen. Are you a Boomer or a Sticker?
Sept 25 - Rust, Copenhagen, Denmark
Just a reminder that the Soho Masses LGBT Catholic community meets again for its 13th anniversary Mass on Sunday, 6 May, 17.30 pm at The Church of Our Lady of the Assumption & St. Gregory, Warwick Street, Soho, W1B 5NB.
Toby Keith - "Made In America" Lyrics
I ate it with finger biscuits!
This was, however, only one case where the TKDL has been used against a European application. Surely there would be other cases where the TKDL has been effective in stopping a "bio-pirate" from appropriating Indian traditional knowledge? Looking at several of the other applications cited by TKDL, it is not clear that it has been effective in any cases. There is, as far as I can see, only one instance where an application was refused in light of TKDL documents (EP1747786), and in that case the grounds for refusal also related to documents already cited by the examiner. In another case claimed by TKDL to have had a decision to grant set aside, the application in fact proceeded to grant and remains in force after no opposition was filed. In the many other examples cited by TKDL, I have been unable to find any where a TKDL reference has been decisive in preventing an application from proceeding.
I blew it. I really did. I didn't prepare enough in advance. I didn't double check. I waited too long to call and then got mad when she didn't thank me for showing up too late to get her to where she needed to go.
Whatever decreases American jobs and depresses American wages takes money right out of your own pocket (even if your income is dividends, stock market gains, or rental income....).
I posted a few weeks ago somewhat about my transition from working for the devil to being asked to come on and help open a new shop specializing in unique wine, beers, and spirits. This won't go fully in depth into the whole opening process, more of the planning and "opening" side rather than the monetary/legal side as I am not the owner and I am just on payroll like anyone else. I just want to share the experience of opening up something special.
George met him away from the townspeople. “Paul, how are you? I see you’ve met our mystery lady.” He smiled at Iona. “How are you, dear? I’ve been sent word that your father is on his way and should be here tomorrow. Why don’t you go on in the house and see Regan?”
Happy saturday to all of you! It´s time for a new issue over at Stempeleinmaleins. January is the time of colds and running noses. And if you need to blow your nose every few minutes than at least get your tissues out of a nice looking box. So we have a tutorial for how to make such a cute tissue box cover.
BF: We’re dealing with some very dangerous people. That’s why there is a need for secrecy.
1 ills
“No person not duly authorized to practice law may engage in the occupation of appearing for or defending other persons in justice of the peace courts without being first authorized for that purpose by the judge of the Court of First Instance.”
One more thing before I go........
My hope for the next week is to work on my blog and put in some info about me and pictures of my other creations. I want to learn how to put links on my side bar and some other stuff like that. If you have any suggestions, feel free to drop me a line. Hears to having a really good productive week.
The basic premise can be discussed and dismissed briefly: a young warlord, Arslan, from the fictional Central Asian country of Turkistan, has bluffed and threatened his way into gaining control of a secret Soviet anti-missile laser system (SDI a decade before the "Star Wars" program was ever announced to the American people). In short order, the major governments in Europe, the Soviet Union, China, and the United States surrender. Arslan and his soldiers, Turkistanis and Russians alike, suddenly set up camp in the small American town of Kraftsville, where Arslan regales his troops with a victorious gathering topped off by the raping of two selected youth: a female and a male, Hunt Morgan, who later becomes one of the novel's two narrators. From this graphic scene, Arslan comes and goes in Kraftsville (or District 3281) over intervals of several years for the next two decades.
The thing is, despite the glaring differences, Toronto and Stockholm, Sweden are not diametrically dissimilar. Toronto is bigger both in population and area but, surprisingly, the two cities are not that far off each other in terms of density. Whereas single family housing is a rarity in Stockholm (when they do it, they do it grandiosely with riverside mansions on the island of Djurgården), the city is largely comprised of 3 and 4 story apartment complexes. There’s none of the high rise living that is common place in Toronto.
Tuesday March 30
Thanks for reading, and I hope buyers will understand.
"Since moving to the apartment, I had not kept a home library. My apartment is small - just a studio. One little room, a vestibule,a kitchenette, and a bathroom....And it is a well known fact that books devour space. You can't reverse this law. However much space you give them, it's never enough. First they occupy the walls. They continue to spread wherever they can gain a foothold. Only ceilings are spared the invasion. New books keep arriving, and you can't bear to get rid of a single one. And so, slowly and imperceptibly, the volumes crowd out everything before them. Like glaciers."
I started with science fiction books. I read works by Ray Bradbury, Edgar Rice Burroughs, and George Orwell, to name a few, as well as a host of other more obscure books by less well known authors. This finally gave way to the classics such as “War and Peace”, “A Tale of Two Cities”, many of Shakespeare’s plays, and just about all of the books by Charles Dickens. When that ran its course, I turned to anything and everything about history. It did not matter what time period or era was involved. I read everything from “The Rise and Fall of The Roman Empire” to books about the Civil War and World War II. I even read “Mein Kampf”.
I have mostly stopped eating red meat, as I find that it sits in my stomach like a rock for far too long, but I'm not going to deny the rest of my family the option. I just make myself something different on the days I make roast for the rest of my family. Do you make more than one meal at night, to satisfy the different tastes at the dinner table?
Carving, sanding, shaping the next goddess
*Photo by Pete Souza/White House, taken during the Governors' Dinner on Feb. 27, 2011.
Most recently I stayed at the Mandalay Bay, and we got to try many pf the great restaurants there! On the top of my list was Hubert Keller’s place Fleur. You may be familiar with Hubert Keller from Top Chef, every time I have seen his episodes I have wanted to try his cooking so badly. I convinced my co-workers to eat there and it was a great meal!
From my friends I have learned to accept their offerings–a meal, a smile, a text, a phone call, a gift, a flower, a joke, a card–with grace and gratitude.
Wait, before I hit the therapist’s couch, I’m off to anyplace that stocks six-packs of this terrific endangered species! Know a place that stocks it in the greater Phoenix area, let me know…PLEASE.
I start coming up with ways to represent those novels through my current favourite style of art: vaguely abstract.
Pre-heat your oven to 450 degrees.
We reach the address in good time, considering.
We exist simply to pursue and extinguish an Islamist scourge, a scourge that has been left to fester and multiply like a malignant social cancer, with little intervention from our government who are at best apathetic, at worst they are willingly blind to the threat of militant Islam. When Anjem Choudary and his jihadist cohorts shouted abuse at our soldiers returning home from Iraq the united people of Luton took a stand against them, it was from that point onwards the British people united under one cause to highlight the danger of appeasing those who wish us harm, those who happily take from our welfare system yet hate our country, our people and way of life. You may follow these events from this link here......
I had two crippling contractions walking up the stairs, then Lisa insisted I try to void before getting in the pool, so I did and had another crippling contraction on the toilet. After that was over I wasted NO TIME and stripped off all of my clothes and basically fell into that pool, which felt AWESOME.
"Not so fast, Scully," he chided shaking his finger at her. "Children? Why not small alien humanoids?"
“The commercials broke the tension … I hate to say this to the AMC executives and everybody else in the business, but I will never watch ‘Walking Dead’ live again.”
I was being massively in awe over the weekend of other bloggers, in particular Matt (According to Matt) and his latest creation, a granny square cushion with buttons. Swoooon! It's made me realise I need to start finishing more little things, then I keep you guys entertained! So I've made some more mini bunting flags and as soon as I have enough I'll photograph them and hopefully decide how to string them together :-)
Kathleen Peacock’s thrilling novel is the first in the Hemlock trilogy, a spellbinding urban fantasy series filled with provocative
One that may come in along those same lines is the Summer Shandy—a mix of beer and lemonade—but I have not tried it. On the other hand, a lemonade shandy is one concoction I frequently make for myself on warm summer days (try it!) so it actually stands a chance of being good, if they don't make it too sweet.
I tried not to convey the excitement in my voice as I took down directions as to the carriage stop. The old man looked at me sadly. ‘More young people leaving for Ankh-Morpork’, he said, shaking his head. ‘It’s where the future is, they say.’ I felt a moment of sadness and longing to stay in familiar cultures and places, but I am seeking unfamiliarity and adventure. I have made my plans. I will leave in a day’s time. I thanked the old man and took my leave of him. I paid the bill and walked sedately to the inn, still in my widow’s wail. For the first time since I left Eritor, I am looking forward to the future.
I continued to meander until I eventually wandered into Cyberdog: the weirdest store in London. Though I’d been inside before, I was nonetheless thrown by this bizarre cross of rave and department store. Sitting on the edge of these markets, though, it is not unfitting in the least. After a taste of amplified house music and clothing of every neon color imaginable, I left Cyberdog to resume the outside browse.
In memory of my mother, Ruth Corley, who died a year ago today.
Hold. The. Phone.
Over the past days, and not least because of the input of the LaRouche movement, the call for an anti-ESM referendum, and for injunction initiatives in the Constitutional Court, have gained ground in the broad, but also somewhat heterogeneous anti-ESM movement in Germany.
“That’s because dads aren’t funny.”
After I did all of those things it magically started working again. The bent needle most likely threw the internals of the machine out of whack somehow.
And green beans love us back, I mean, they are so good for us. Chocked full of vitamin A, C, K and rich in manganese with considerable amounts of iron, phosphorus magnesium and potassium. Green beans are an excellent source of protein, complex carbohydrates, and a good source of fiber. Having a good source of folic acid, molybdenum and B6, green beans lowers an amino acid called homocysteine, which is known to be high in people with heart disease.
"Once in the 40s"
Many hundreds of years ago, when I was young and had yet to get involved with he who is now Him Indoors, I wanted to be a missionary.
for making me laugh
It only took a few minutes to cut the numbers from our foam sheets (might take a little longer if you want them to look a bit less wonky than mine haha!) and the girls enjoyed scooping them out of the bath and sticking them in order on the tiled wall.
This is a simple and balanced one dish meal that can easily be altered to suit your taste; replace the sausages with some firm tofu, add a can of chickpeas or your favourite vegetables perhaps?
Water 3 cups
Twenty years ago, Nick broke teenager Lynsey’s heart when he decided to marry another. He had his own private reasons—reasons he never explained to Lynsey. Now she is back, along with a chance to reclaim her love. But Lynsey wants answers from him that he may never be able to give out of duty and guilt.
Least of all ourselves.
Victory's restaurant and bar have re-opened -- on time -- and I have to tell you, it was time (and a bunch of bucks) well-spent. Unfortunately, most of my pictures look like hell. Sorry.
Deut. 6:4,5: Hear, O Israel: The LORD our God is one LORD: 5 And thou shalt love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might.
Paper: Riding Hood Red, Pretty in Pink, Chocolate Chip, Whisper White, DSP
In the 26th century, the expanding Draconian Empire came into contact with the Earth Empire. A misunderstanding during first contact led to the destruction of a Draconian vessel and a brief but devastating war, which ended with the signing of a peace treaty.
What topics do illustrated books cover? At their core, illustrated gift books are really just nonfiction. Add pictures or drawings, and almost any topic can translate. It’s not limited to art and photography, the topics traditionally associated with coffee-table books. In fact, some of the most successful titles are in fashion, interior design, cooking, craft, humor, pop culture, history, and nature.
Questions for everyone:
Mr Whitehouse made the above reply after saying that, if a straight CVA for the existing Rangers took place, this would be in effect for the start of next season.
So if you have serious qualms with the truth of Christianity, that is fine. Some measure of doubt is healthy and I pray that God reveals Himself to you in a way that you can hear Him clearly. But do not, I mean do NOT, blame your unbelief on the Church and your experience or perception of it. Don’t blame God for the sins and damage of men. Don’t confuse the mistakes of man for the magnificence of God.
Except for olive oil, I don’t use vegetable oil. After reading on health, nutrition, etc., I don’t know what effect it has on the body, but I don’t like unknowns. After thousands of years of human history – why make a change?
Taitz leave the stand to make her closing arguments.
When I first moved to HK I was completely surprised by how gorgeous the bay is – particularly the more natural areas once you get out of the Harbour, you could literally be anywhere – Thailand or Croatia spring to mind. A cheap way to experience it is to head out on a ferry to Lamma or one of the other Islands, or if you really want to get amongst it, head out on a junk.
If you can believe it, the thoughts that go through my mind are even more astronomical. But that's a post of a different color :)
Every Monday evening, the Puyallup Congregation hosts 20–30 males and females. The “guests” sleep in the sanctuary, while three to four church members stay overnight with them. Many more members and friends donate food, prepare meals, visit, and play games with the guests.
you can tell i've been to lazy to make a proper meal.
Inside the Claremore city limits we have a wonderful shelter with a caring and dedicated staff. Unfortunately, there is limited room and resources so the shelter is forced to put down dogs who have not been adopted within a certain period of time. This is why it is so important that when you and your family decide to make a four legged addition to your household that you consider adopting an animal from the shelter instead of buying from a breeder. There are many wonderful animals available that just want to be loved.
Strategy: Sophia and I slept past the 4 a.m. start, so that we would be rested and ready to pace from mile fifty, on. We drove straight to Twin Lakes, and setup Greg’s boxes of goodies of stuff that he might need. He ended up rolling in and out of there in good time, heading for Hope Pass. So off we drove to Winfield…the half-way point of the race, on the other side of Hope Pass.
The bored bus driver finally decides to intervene. “Put her down. Now!”
At 4:34 p.m. the little guy was born and I felt an overwhelming sense of joy, pride, relief, and love. I did it. I birthed a beautiful baby boy and he was perfect in my eyes. I've only seen David cry about three times in the entire time we've been together and with the birth of Theron, it marked his fourth time. He was so proud and happy and I will never forget that emotion. I couldn't stop looking at Theron and David and thinking about how we made such a miracle. God is good.
To understand how dramatic a change this would be, consider that if the planners have their way, 68% of new housing in Southern California by 2035 would be condos and apartment complexes. This contrasts with Census Bureau data showing that single-family, detached homes represented more than 80% of the increase in the region's housing stock between 2000 and 2010.
Fred Singer, president of the Science Environmental Policy Project and a skeptic of man-made global warming theories, warns that the consequences of tinkering with the planet’s delicate eco-system could have far-reaching dangers.
Local Engagement Forums have completely failed to bring County Hall and the Town Hall together. Indeed, it is possible that fewer residents attend LEFs nowadays than the former Area Committees 10 years ago.
How could Jon and I say no?
They do share, however, the deathless refrain that has provided the title above. I think the boys are Korean, they're certainly very energetic, and, unlike I would ever be, they're able to keep a straight face while exclaiming "Take me Take me Enjoy Today!" My current guess is that the song is "Seaside" while the band is Shinee. After watching it three or four times, Seaside Super Shinee is exactly how I feel.
The last sentence of THE GREAT GATSBY.
Covers it all,
'We are deeply disappointed that we were found wanting in three of the 15 measures covered by this inspection,' Mr Whittle said.
the quiet wave...
They abandoned the God who made them and rejected the Rock their Savior. Deuteronomy 32:15
5. The first biography of Muhammad, written by Ibn Ishaq over a century after Muhammed’s lifetime, on which all subsequent biographies are based.
Generally, the idea of an affair is to keep it a secret. When you're done fucking, wash off the skanks stank. Coming home smelling like Dollar Store perfume is not how one goes about hiding an affair. This also means deleting the sexts you two have sent one another, as well as the emails and filthy, disgusting pictures. While you may not have given your email passwords to your fiancée, rest assured she will find them. And Hell will look like Heaven when she finds out.
I have so far made these with:
By the time they signed a record contract in 1973, the group was at the height of their buzz. But things took a turn for the worse. Studio sessions were tainted by drug use, alcoholism, and an unprecedented pinball machine addiction stirred inner turmoil among the band members. Though a full-length album was recorded, the band split up before it could be released and the project was shelved indefinitely. The members of the El MidaZ Affair moved on to new phases in their life, while El MidaZ himself became a recluse, never to be heard from again.
And by suffering in the cause of justice and Christian virtue, while they continue “zealous of good,” they shall not only be free from real harm, but they shall positively gain a blessedness by this very circumstance; for “blessed are they who suffer persecution for justice sake.’”‘—(Matt 5). According to the other interpretation of the preceding verse, the connection of this is: But should there be found men perverse enough to persecute you for your faith and virtues (and there shall be found such in every age, perhaps in the very bosom of Christianity, whose cry it shall be, “opprimamus justum, contrarius est operibus nostris,” let us not put up with his conduct, which is a direct censure on our corrupt principles and immoral practices), and that you are doomed to suffer for justice sake, “you are blessed.” “And be not afraid of their fear.” The word “fear” is put for the object or evil menaced, and the punishment feared. The words mean, be not afraid of the evils with which they menace you when they endeavour to inspire you with fear, “and be not troubled,” or seized with confusion or apprehension, on that account.
when the angels took their sides, I smiled and I walked away
Happy Friday! Any fun plans?
I freely chose to step out in faith a couple months ago and write and then write more and write consistently and soon I’ll be consistently writing more. I do expect to have one science fiction novel published by December 30th and another book about redemption published by the same date.
as music.
I'll close with a recent, random quote from W.B.--out of nowhere, on the way home from school on Friday, W.B. said, completely to himself, "The monkey screaming noise is getting in the way of my thinking."
So excuse this moment of vapid attention-whoring, but I got new glasses and I want to show them off. On previous trips to purchase eyewear I was torn between lighter or thicker frames. Last week I went in and there was a sale...
What is it? I think you are all very curious at this point. An old man singing to his wife who couldn’t even respond to him. They are both at least at the age of 85 above. He would just hold her hand and sing to her. I think she could hear it but I am not even sure. The point is, he doesn’t care if she could or couldn’t. I bet it is her favorite song… He is always there every time when I go visit my grandma. He still cares so much and loves her. I can’t really use words to describe how moved I am but only hope that I would do the same for my not-yet-existed wife in the future. If what he does is not an act of unconditional love, I don’t know what is.
Why the figstick is this so difficult to do? It’s almost a year now since I was declared single (*chuckles* yes I said declared) and I generally take a very long time to get back into a relationship or begin to trust again. The gap between the last breakup and new boyfriend was 2.5 years and since my biological clock is ticking, I no longer have the luxury of time. Yeah yeah judge me all you want on that line!! I’m not saying I NEED a boyfriend or hubby by a specific age but a companion right now would be pretty cool hey. Life’s more fun when you get to share it with someone else.
They were for sale inside the Otten Bros. Nursery.
susan.blossombonesATgmailDOTcom
Then again, perhaps it's the elegant poise of the outfits at the world's most famous spring racing carnivals – Ascot, the Melbourne Cup, the Kentucky Derby – that has prompted people to dig out their old panamas, dust off their floppy straw numbers or recycle their racing garb? I don't quite know. Whatever it is that has inspired The Hat Comeback, one thing is for certain: hats are back. Suddenly, everyone seems to be lusting after a bit of brim.
Cyn was quite involved with the art, as we wanted to get it just right. She generously sent me packages to pass along to the artists: a video of jingle-dancing, a craft magazine that featured making jingle dresses, photos of houses and neighborhoods from towns within the borders of Muscogee Nation in Oklahoma.
RR—I have some photographs of some lights that I took in another location in the Big Thicket Preserve. People’s frames of reference change as our culture changes, specifically as our technology develops. Of course, the old-timers wouldn’t have been seeing spaceships from other planets—they couldn’t even conceive of that. But there were stories of people seeing what they called “haints,” which is what we would call “haunts.” And they were basically mystery lights, except they attributed consciousness and a certain kind of trickster kind of element to them.
From Lake Tekapo car park, turn left, pass the YHA and follow the lakeside trail. There was frost when I was hiking. The ground and plants were covered in icicles.
Our randomly drawn winner from the "Green, Pink and Red are in my Head" challenge is:
Transaero Airlines (Moscow) has signed a firm order for four 787-8 Dreamliners. The signing ceremony for the order, valued at $744 million at list prices, made history by being held onboard the 787 during a demonstration flight for Transaero’s executives, employees and special guests.
I love you. I forgive you. Please forgive me. I am sorry and Thank you.
These days, getting a team to continue an idea that was generated by somebody else is almost akin to getting them to wear somebody else’s soiled pants. It seems that if something isn’t brand, shiny and new it’s inherently less “creative”. That probably explains why there’s more emphasis on hunting out new filmic techniques and finding the latest directors to jazz up an idea rather than on good old craft skills like writing a cracking script that has sparkling dialogue and a truly memorable pay-off.
Discussion of the film Venezuela from Below
This might be my fave. I've been looking for a tutorial like this for awhile (or figuring out how to making my own soon) and I was so excited to find it on Jenni's blog. This is a simple tutorial and it looks so fun on. I might be making this soon!!
So, I laced up my running shoes and decided to make it a multi-tasking kind of evening. Since I missed my three mile run on Tuesday I figured I'd get in three miles AND some strength training.
Who doesn't love music? Clementine does so she will be at City Park Jazz starting JUNE 5th (This Sunday), starting at 3:30PM. Come on by and party with us every Sunday at City Park.
I felt transported to another dimension as I gazed through my lens and took photos (with some difficulty without a tripod for the camera) while Georgian friends, Amiko and Natia, who drove and guided me around the city (after a daytime tour to Kakheti — another story) led the tour and answered all my endless questions about Georgia and Tbilisi.
Internships are a topic that are getting a lot of attention in the national press at the moment, regardless of the industry. The main argument is whether they are a positive or negative experience for students. Although in some sectors, internships are a relatively new thing, in the fashion industry its been common place for a long time. I’ve been following a couple of ‘anti-intern’ (if I can call them that) twitter accounts for a while (here and here), which aren’t just dedicated to the fashion industry. They are campaigning against all unpaid internships, especially when they are offered by big companies. I’m not completely sure where I stand on this issue – on one hand, I do think its ridiculous for massive companies to expect people to work full time and get by on £2 a day expenses for food AND travel (yes, that was a real offer). But I also understand that most companies do not have enough money to pay the amount of people that want to work in particular industries, so surely people that are really passionate about it would rather work for free than not work at all (if you can afford it).
Roland Clark, University of Pittsburgh
Now, gardening or digging your hands in dirt and compost, is becoming chic –a refreshing attitude for gardeners and farmers. After all, what person wouldn’t want fresh fruits, veggies and grains?
"The Loudoun County school system offers an annual summer staff development session called Grammar for English Teachers, tailored to teach the basics to teachers who didn't learn them in college. 'It usually fills up pretty quickly,' said Carrie Perry, supervisor of English language arts in Loudoun... The newest English teachers are products of a grammarless era, unprepared to distinguish an appositive from an infinitive.
those who always know better
Several weeks later, the flu got the best of all of us but my husband.
The sex of our baby is sealed in an envelope! I still do not want to know what we are having, and Matt does. I think I will let him know...He can have the envelope, but I'm not sure when yet. I was so excited when we were walking back out to the car, that I wanted to hand him the envelope right then, but I figured that was a rash decision and I didn't want to regret it later. Besides, I need to have something to hold over his head for a while. **wink**
After lunch my garden needed some love. We played in the dirt and talked and worked. My son has invested so much energy into his okra pickles because that’s about his favorite food on the planet. I have to keep reminding him that they won’t grow already pickled. I planted some lettuce seeds I bought today because the spinach I planted isn’t doing well at all. There’s no such thing as too much lettuce so I planted every seed in the packet. In 45 days we’ll have an amazing salad!
4) In another bowl, using an electric mixer, beat till the whites are frothy. Add in Cream of Tartar and beat till soft peaks.
The wind has been blustery and for days has sailed in from the south, knocking the normally peaceful wind chimes silly. Their crazed tintinnabulation has sounded through our waking hours and dreams this past week, blurring the lines between real and reverie, and contributing a sense of the fantastical to our perceptions. We’ve noticed our own restlessness more vividly this spring and have been exploring together what the winds and bells and our dreams are calling forth in our hearts. Initially, we felt the need to “get away,” which I think was more a response to this spring’s rush of sudden and powerful energy than a literal need to leave our home (although we’re both grateful the wind is turning).
categories to be wiped off.
Monday nights have come a long way from Bachelor Pad drama. With the return of DWTS, now it’s spray tans, crocodile tears and serious boob-shots. So…I’m sorry, maybe it hasnt really come that far!
And nobody could enjoy a beer.
Stay tuned, in the coming days we will have a sort of a preview/review of the show written by one of our faithful readers!
Since the One S is made of aluminum, it’s able to maintain a thin profile while still having a balanced, solid heft to it. This allows the phone to feel way more high-end than most of its competition. The phone is relatively flat on both the front and back, though all the corners and edges are slightly rounded. As I said, it has a beautiful design and solid hardware.
“A goal should not be set to authenticate what you have already been doing or want to do. God created us to mature, to grow and change, not to stand on the sidelines of life. God wants us in the game and on the field of life. Godly goals will push us beyond where we are and what we are capable of. If no effort is required to reach the desired outcome, then it really isn’t a goal.”
Margaret O'Hara and Jane Siberry, and even a few post-punk
It remained relatively untouched as walking such a long and grueling path in the shade was preferred to the exposure to the sun. Derrek couldn’t help but stand as close as he felt comfortable to the rightmost tree, habitually submitting to the right of way. Naida, however, seemed content to walk down its center.
When I was a boy, the annual Sunday School picnic was a highlight of the summer. From the time its date was announced I lived in expectation.
Perfection is not just about control. It’s also about letting go. Surprise yourself so you can surprise the audience. Transcendence! Very few have it in them.
The dominant discourse in mainstream Pakistani media on issues of foreign policy and national security has always been based on the narrative of the military establishment. Most Pakistani analysts, both right-wing and liberal, believe the Taliban is a nationalist movement motivated by Pashtun alienation in current power structure in Afghanistan. Be it the ‘experts’ of primetime TV talk shows or op-ed pages of Urdu and English newspapers, one always comes across that mantra.
older-Jake
I didn't have a chance to score any of the Peeps or Cadburys on sale after Easter....yeah I admit to doing that so I decided to worship at the altar of " Dying For Chocolate " and share it here.
“If we know a thing to be wrong, and we have the means to prevent it, we have a duty to try and prevent it and damn the consequences”, said Lord Milner in 1916, and his words remain as true now as they were then. And yet, somehow, it is difficult to escape the feeling that apathy, disenchantment with our near identical political parties, and a general lack of hope among the electorate have conspired to drain resistance from us all.
But it certainly does. Let me give you two examples.
*Sorry but any entry not following rules will be deleted and not eligable for the prizes*
For 2 people, I chose 2 leg quarters. As often as possible I try to use all natural pastured poultry. It’s even less fattening if you use chicken breasts, but in this recipe I prefer the full flavor of the dark meat. Season both sides with salt and pepper. Heat 2 teaspoons of canola oil in a large skillet.
There is a lot of talk going on in political debate about contraception and a woman and her partner’s control over reproductive planning. The responsibility and the power comes from the woman’s decision. Why? Because it is the woman that carries the baby. The woman that goes through the birthing process. The woman which, in a high percentage of situations, is the primary care giver and therefore is the one who makes the most change to her life in order to care for her children, especially during their first five years of life. The first five years are vital developmentally.
Being a stay-at-home-mom is a time-consuming job. It’s literally 24/7, and revolves around one thing: your child. Hands down, it’s the best job I’ve ever had, but it really does take up a lot of your time!
I’m okay now. I miss Beau, especially since his death came so unexpectedly. I know he’s in doggie heaven, having fun with his friends and free from the pain he went through. I only wish I could have said a real goodbye. He went quickly and fell asleep fast, and for that I am grateful.
POP
It's an open challenge!
Then I was coerced into attending a photo-shoot in London – a round trip of 580 miles - after being told by the journalist that her “neck was on the line big-time” if I didn’t. Not wanting to be responsible for someone I barely knew getting into trouble and perhaps losing a commission, I reluctantly agreed to attend after they agreed to pay my travel costs and put me up in a hotel for the night – coming all the way from Cumbria, it couldn’t be done in a day. It took many weeks and countless emails to increasingly senior members of Daily Mail staff before my expenses were eventually reimbursed.
Two minutes later - "Now he's yelling at us."
- 10% shared those photos or videos with a stranger online (a decline from 29% in 2009).
When was 18 I cut it all off in a boy cut, and shaved the back of my head. It looked horrible on me because I also have chipmunk cheeks. My first license, back when cars were propelled by feet a la Fred Flintstone, had me at a side view. By then I had grown my hair into a short bob. My cheeks made me look like a Campbell’s soup kid. No lie.
Suddenly I realize that my two middle children (the four year old and the two year old) are both in the bathroom together. I open the door.
To a writer, language can mean several different things. It can describe the way the characters articulate themselves, the dialect they speak, but most of all, how believable they are when it comes to dialogue.
End sidetrack.
Its time to wake up if you believe any of the above and even if you have a better head on your shoulders, its time to get organized with where and when you are posting, who you are hoping to attract, how you are promoting online and what the conversion rate is for your messages, your products or your announcements. A lack of awareness and attention to detail in that department will just keep you hidden in a sea of millions of others that are trying to do the same thing.
A week later, I got a call from a woman I was ghostwriting for. I had written a proposal for her that had landed her a deal with Nestle. She wanted to finish her book and decided to fly me to Switzerland first-class in order to do it. I stayed for 10 days. I climbed the Swiss Alps. I stayed in a hotel outside of Zurich and wrote until my fingers ached. I drank cappuccinos and ate rosti and gelato (pre-vegan days!) and breathed the crisp, fall air. I played by the water and jumped on a trampoline on the side of a mountain and spent days outside constructing someone else’s sentences. At such a lost time in my life, it was exactly what I needed. I’ve always loved helping writers and getting excited about their ideas. Through the entire trip, I think I spent $100. It was an unreal experience – one I will always cherish. It was a definite rock-star moment, for sure.
“There are only five American comedians who are of any note in this country,” explained Lewis Schaffer. “There’s the black guy which is Reg Hunter. There’s the left wing guy which is Rich Hall. There’s the hippy guy which is Dave Fulton. There’s the gay guy which is Scott Capurro. And there’s a fifth…”
I’ve been a patcher on this damned cargo feighter for ten years, promotions slip by like scraps of mist, any way of getting to the top is immediately squashed by the upper levels of the command system.
It’s not about me, me, me, the business with something to sell. It’s about us, the folks who are connected because we like the product or service, or care about the problem you’re solving. The community. Which probably already exists, so you need to connect to it first, before you can create relationships with its members.
Hi there! I am Misty Willis…mommyof5kidz on most boards. I live in New Caney, TX with my husband of 15 years (16 in April!!), my 5 kids, and a very spoiled mastiff that thinks he is a kid. While I have several hobbies, my passion is scrapbooking.
For now, I’m not going to write a full review of the album, because a) I don’t want to ruin it for you, b) I’m still on my first listen as I type this and c) I have to go to work in a few hours and I don’t have time to review it. Long story short, I’m lazy. Which explains why I’m still only an amateur critic.
What I really want to talk about tonight is to warn America not to go down the same Islamic road that Europe finds itself on, particularly so Britain, which is almost on the point of no return — or perhaps no peaceful return. Samuel Huntingdon was not necessarily writing about Britain when he penned his prescient book “The Clash of Civilisations”, but one particular theme he raised very much applies to my poor old country where he refers to the dying of civilisations and the lack of concern amongst their native people, due to what he terms the “Illusion of Permanency.”
Bearing this in mind, I will now reveal the man behind the curtain, so to speak…
I had been dreaming of being in Tahrir since January 25th 2011. Well, two weeks ago, on "Self-Determination Friday" April 20th my dream became a reality and I was in Tahrir!. This is not an analytical essay, it's a simple photo essay of what I saw and felt on that day.
In case you've missed it, Representative Anthony Weiner has found himself smack dab in the middle of a scandal. Rep. Weiner's Twitter followers were surprised by the picture that was sent from his account. The picture was of underwear. With a man inside. An aroused man.
We were told June 3rd but I can't find any info as of right now.
And now, down to business:
23 October
That sweet, sensitive hipster dude with the glasses and the witty comebacks was speared and eaten by the dominant tribe weeks ago and you need a new man!
Padungtod C, Hassold TJ, Millie E, Ryan LM, Savitz DA, Christiani DC, Xu X. Sperm aneuploidy among Chinese pesticide factory workers: scoring by the FISH method. Am J Ind Med 1999; 36: 230-238.
Not just any doctor I might add, a special doctor, whose credentials list him as one of the Tennessee Titans football -team physicians.
BING CROSBY:
Here are my selections for 30-21 (simply listed in order), followed by films 20-11 (with, by-and-large, double-tweet-length commentary). I've separated this from the top ten purely for brevity: scrolling, scrolling, scrolling - especially at the time of the year when lists are ten-a-penny - can cause havoc with any self-respecting film lover/writer's digits. By-and-large, bite-sized lists in sets of ten are easier to consume. The films were all released between Jan 1st and Dec. 31st 2011, with maybe a few strays or curveballs (such as festival release with no wide-release date or DVD-premiere release and so on) thrown in. Every movie, big or small, major or minor in scale and intent, deserves a fair shot at year-end glory. This is something I've stood by year-in, year-out.
The NFL might as well just ban the entire organization from the field in 2012 with what they have done to this organization. Do I agree with what the Saints did? Not at all, but there needs to be some level of parody with the discipline. At the VERY LEAST, the NFL could have contacted these players to inform them of their suspensions. Unprofessional. Period.
Once again, though, the obscenity-based intensifiers are different from ordinary intensifiers. They can modify comparatives after all, provided they get introduced by a lot:
Parties
she allowed one last tear to fall,
Ruling in favour of Allergen, McGovern J dismissed the notion that BOTOX was a weak or generic mark; BOTOINA was leaning on the BOTOX mark in order to “piggy-back” on its goodwill. Both parties' products were marketed at the same consumers and would be sought by people seeking to "eliminate or ameliorate the effect of wrinkles or lines on the face". Taking visual, aural and conceptual similarities between the marks, he added that Ocean was "trying to create an interface" between the two products which would be somewhat blurred. For sure, though,use of BOTOINA created a likelihood of confusion as to the origin of Ocean's goods. The trial was adjourned for two weeks in order for the parties to iron out the wrinkles of damages and injunctive relief.
Had Dunham’s stories not been held up as some sort of shining light in the sexist darkness of TV, I doubt anyone would have raised so much of a fuss. But it’s being told that she’s somehow a wonderful story of victory over adversity that leaves a bad taste. If the goal is to tell the stories of women in a way that’s different from what we’ve seen before, surely we could’ve chosen someone whose stories weren’t actually all that different at all, save for the biological sex of the people experiencing them.
Is your old space empty then?
Texas
Robyn's Fetish Digital Stamps And More is happy to offer the winner of this challenge 5 digital stamps
We enjoyed salads & soups and I had their Mango Smoothie
These Rotli's were so soft and perfectly layered that I actually kept peeping into the layers the first time I made it. :) And now whenever I am making Roti's at leisure, I make Rotli's instead. Thanks Lataji, for presenting us such wonderful recipes
If you play multiple genres, you don’t want a drive that only does one style.
The rest of that week was excruciating, as you might imagine. The convention was cancelled, as I suspected. Talking on the phone to my friends at work, I was told that business actually picked up tremendously that day. The store apparently was jam packed that evening with customers coming in non-stop to rent movies - anything to get their minds off what happened, I suppose. I couldn't help but feel lucky to be on vacation. I'm not sure how I would've been able to handle working that day - and as a manager, I really would've needed to stay focused.
Perhaps the time has come for me to record some of my journey, both the grandiose and mundane, not so much for others to be aware of, but for me to better keep going on the way.
Merry Meet and Merry Part, and Merry Meet Again
This is 50 years later... it took us, America, 50 years to START ever so slowly move from the "comic books are for kids!" meme.
I’m glad we had that talk although we are such babies for crying our heart out over the phone and Skype. I just wished that our friendship would go back like before but I don’t think it would but I thought it’ll be stronger this time round after we tell and sort our thoughts and feelings. I missed how we always talked on the phone till dawn, Skyped till morning before our assignments deadline, laugh over hysterical nonsensical jokes and all. But it’s okay, we should make more memories.
Where’s the sense of place? Where’s the feeling that this scene could happen nowhere else but here? Where’s the full reading experience?
And that is not even all of it! So if you are staying in LA area for Memorial Day Weekend this is the place to be at
Later on today I'm getting a manicure and pedicure. Traditionally that has always signaled the beginning for me, so I guess that makes it official. (Why YES, you do have to wait until I get back to find out which pink shoes I bought!)
There is only one set of tracks for your school train. The same for everyone. They tell you this is the only way to get between stops, where you are tested to make sure the train is on schedule. Sometimes you might see a shortcut to the next stop, or a nice sidewalk or winding wooded path running along the tracks. You say "Look, that path goes to the same place we are going anyway. Can I use it instead for a bit?" They say that's not the right way. You have to get there the same way as everyone else, at the same time.
But while he hasn’t be caught …
Love has leading them to lust
Shattered Souls took me by complete surprise. I can’t put my finger on it exactly, but the book is like a combination of the best parts of Fallen and the action and organization of Kiersten White’s Paranormalcy. From the very first page, I was intrigued by this book, and as the story progressed I found myself not wanting to put it down.
The mystery guest, I learnt - though I should add that I cannot confirm this, is to be Nick Griffin, of the British National Party, the racist, neo-nazi group which has had significant success in local elections in Stoke on Trent and has several local councillors. It has been involved in agitation locally, most recently organising a national rally in the city. Its criminal activities, convictions of its activists and financial irregularities are well documented
PRICE: Interested in buying this book (something I do not recommend for kids younger than the age of 10)? Amazon sells the very version I read for $6.24, with 43% of the savings. 83 new versions go for $4.08, 181 used versions go for a penny, and 11 collectible versions go for $7.50. Choppy prices to you? Barnes & Noble may sell it for the exact same price (with the same amount of savings), but the new and used marketplace version goes for only $1.99. There actually is one copy of the book available at the PDL in the Adult Graphic Novels section (also where Scott Pilgrim goes!) so make sure you get your greedy paws on it first!
1 serve
So, as of today we're still at the very early stages of this project, with post production, sound design and final edits to complete. But, so far so good and as a special treat here is a very early teaser trailer for what is to come. Please bear in mind that it is in a very raw state and I will be re writing my music as I'm not 100% happy with it yet......... Hope you enjoy and let us know what you think......... Nick.
9. All day, music plays in my head. I like to pretend I have various theme songs for each task I’m doing. It keeps me going.
As Dr. Richard Besser says in the video, all major religions support organ donation, Catholicism included. In “Evangelium Vitae,” John Paul II lauded those who donate their organs to others as an act of “everyday heroism,” noting that donors are living manifestations of the culture of life.
“It simply depends on what level of compromise the artist’s practice can handle,” Jack says. “There is an outside chance it might just assist in the creation of some (art). There’s a higher chance of reinforcing the narrow stereotypes of conventional cultural production, that is, pictures on walls in nice frames made by poor, sensitive, harmless types.”
What's that really cool new ad on the right side of your blog. It's so EYE-CATCHING! WOW! Kind of makes me want to roll up my sleeve and let someone jab my arm with a needle all for the sake of saving someone's life!
#For him…I’ve had a soft corner forever. His mother still scares me. He laughs at my immature ways but gives me the royal treatment (who could complain). We’ve solemnly promised to do no good together. With no secrets to decode…it has been a great friendship.
I make art for people to play in and to change perspectives on the possibilities at hand. And if it weren't for the other artists defying logic and pushing possibilities, I would have never thought to try.
Since I’m allergic to bee stings I thought of beating a hasty retreat, but the bees were intent on the blossoms, and as long as I stood relatively still, they just ignored me. So I thought I would try to get some pictures of the bees at work.
Mat Zain also questioned how a balanced and fair outcome of any of the panels or RCIs could be expected when the person making the final decision of the effort, is himself a subject of a tribunal or one who should have been charged for several serious criminal offences.
Deep fried potatoes would normally taste very good. You can’t go wrong with it. This begedil (Deep Fried Potato Patty) is a typical Malaysian food and one of the favourite dishes that you can find at most homes.
when i saw the PBS documentary “a walk to beautiful” highlighting the work of the FF, it stopped me in my tracks. at the time, i had just begun blogging and i was still feeling my way through the gender-politicking and this “what makes a woman” post-modernist doublethink: i admit that i was still confused about it. what makes a woman? well, there are years and years of patriarchal abuse, including sexual abuse of girls and women, by men; grooming to be a wife and mother; fuckability mandates, etc etc. these things do appear to separate women from men (women experience them; men perpetrate them), and these things are problematic, yes. but the gender politickers have that covered: apparently, there are men who wish they could experience these things, as victims, and women who believe that they can overcome having experienced these things, as victims, just by wishing it. oh, okay!
So I’m here. In Spain. In Granada.
And all the 'back-to-school' paraphernalia out there this time of year isn't helping. On top of my current vacation withdrawal, my brain is flashing back to the dismal feeling of wonderful summers coming to a close and returning back to school, where I can get in trouble for speaking English in the halls.
Marxist and Socialist feminism in the 21st century
We headed off on a walk to the local toy store to burn some more time. I didn't realize we had so many things within walking distance of the car shop. I also realized that while I had driven that street hundreds of times in the past 5 years, I had never once walked down it. We spent a good hour at the toy store and survived with only one destroyed item in the process (maybe it was just Addy's way of getting me to buy her a book). We finished with yet another round of snacks and were heading back to the park when I had another "I need to use the potty"-- this time from Camryn. So we headed back to the toy store, used the potty and began to head out again when I finally got the call that the work on the car was done.
"Your blood shall stain the sand, foreigner, and the sun will erase your memory."
Hello, everyone. Three more days of poeming. You can do it. Then you have your life back and can go back to writing a poem a day anyway, because that’s how many prompts there are out there.
And, really, a tradition and culture is only as strong as the belief the people have in it.
She answered, ‘Well, today I didn’t do it.’
I took off the top sheet and the comforter, and just put the blankets from his crib with him. He is SUCH a crazy sleeper that I didn't want to have to worry about him getting tangled in blankets in a not-so-familiar room. We did bath time, played, picked up toys, and then I rocked him just like I always do. And I rocked him. And I rocked him. I was SO nervous. Brandon looked at me like "are you ever going to put him to bed?"
Behind him lay the gray Azores,
From the Fall to the Spring
I end gleeful, and high-step it outside under the impish Spanish sun.
Tomorrow, we're off to Fairbanks!
Preliminary rounds for the DC Pro Tour fueled by Monster Energy, which are closed to the public, are scheduled for Friday, September 10 from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. The grand finale is slated for Saturday, September 11 from 1:00 p.m. to 3:45 p.m. Doors open to the public at 12:00 p.m. Tickets and additional information are available at streetleague.com.
1 TBSP oil
Posting for this blog will resume on May 23, if not earlier. Until then, here's to a great journey ahead!
I bought you cheap chocolates?
Several weeks ago, MissusSmartyPants showed on her website a method of tying a long silk scarf. She tied the opposite ends of the scarf together and made a circular shape out of the whole fabric of the scarf. Then somehow she stuffed part of the scarf through that hole that she formed and the result made this beautiful shorten version of the scarf with draping fabric. But I can't figure out how she did it. Can you please let me know how this worked? Thanks so much!! Elaine
02 Souvenir From A Dream
He tells me that closeness can bring deep pain.
Now go out and get some chocolates for your loved one!
I hope you enjoyed this post and photos. Click on either image to see and enlargement.
Cake 4 1/2″
Transfix; verb: (Usually transfixed) cause someone to become motionless with horror, wonder or astonishment; pierce with a sharp implement or weapon.
My second pick is Graffiti Moon a modern day story that takes place in the span of a night. A girl looking for a guy she’s never met but is sure will be perfect for her because of his art. But the guy she ends up spending the night with looking for her mystery guy turns out to be a pretty great guy as well considering their not so pleasant past.
And it went on like this. Jack certainly knows a whole lot more about running than me. But he’s proud of me. How bloody patronising is that?
“Today, America would be outraged if U.N. troops entered Los Angeles to restore order. Tomorrow they will be grateful! This is especially true if they were told that there were an outside threat from beyond, whether real or promulgated, that threatened our very existence. It is then that all peoples of the world will plead to deliver them from this evil. The one thing every man fears is the unknown. When presented with this scenario, individual rights will be willingly relinquished for the guarantee of their well-being granted to them by the World Government.” – Henry Kissinger, Bilderberger Conference in Evians, France, 1991
114 6. Book Review: Charles Goodell, Political Prisoners in America (New York, 1973). Chicago Sun-Times/Book Week, July 8, 1973, p. 1.
And here's my view from the sewing room window. Lissy's not falling out of the trampoline, she's purposefully hanging upside down, which reminded me that I REALLY must find a pantaloon pattern to make my dress loving acrobatic girl something to wear under her dresses! All she does at the park is hang upside down!
The first tests were your standard blood and urine withdrawals. No biggie. But then I was in for what I had only heard whispered about by mothers on the playground. The breast exam. Not your standard exam that gets passed out on pamphlets. This is the one with the HUGE machine that takes two glass plates and squishes your most delicate parts like a pancake.
by A.A. Milne
Galatians 3:28 reminds us that we are joined by the Holy Spirit beyond race, class, or gender. How can churches preach “all are one in Christ Jesus” while discouraging strong women leaders like my friend Amy, the EPC candidate?
But they fly, they fly high
Recovering from the fall I had before New Year’s, reminds me of the many days early in my diagnosis of lupus when I had to rest and wait.
1-in-36
The status of the land in dispute, like all rural land in Sabah, is contentious given the unique position of natives and their natural rights to the land.
The poetry and candor of Beesley’s account flows from a different place than most authors. Rather than follow a story line based on where his imagination led him, he presented his experiences from an all-too-real place. He realized only those who were there felt the tilting of the boat deck, saw the stars lit against the black sky, smelled the ocean and the cold, and sensed the quiet panic of the souls surrounding them. It was this perspective he offered when he described his impression of the sinking Titanic from his lifeboat:
4 growth
Sounds like my dream book In fact this was during the 10 years of my role of public relations practitioner (PRP) in the largest aircraft manufacturer of the southern hemisphere.
The word be
So all in all life has been good I have gotten back to crafting on a small scale I have yet to take photos to share and I have already sent most of the cards that I have made out but, I will soon get back to making this a crafting blog again as well as updates on my daily life. I did make a awesome crazy hat for my niece to wear at the Relay for Life I will see about crop'n her out of it to post a picture on here as she is not my child and it is not my right to post photos of her on my blog but, the hat won the lap round and it was super cute just super sweaty to wear poor kid'o...
Suleiman Osman will be discussing The Invention of Brownstone Brooklyn at Greenlight Bookstore (686 Fulton St.) in Fort Greene with Laurie Cumbo of the Museum of Contemporary African Diasporan Arts (MoCADA) on March 14, at 7:30 p.m.
By now it’s all over the twittersphere, the blogosphere and every other made-up sphere on this green and blue sphere. The monkey that stole a photographer’s camera and got her pictures published in the Daily Mail.
3 everyone
I am not sure if his depiction of midtown Manhattan was intended as a deterrent, a strong warning, or just meant to impress me with his knowledge of this city, but we all know that if you tell a child not to do something, he/she will just be spurred on to do it. I was.
The final word is this. If you want to impress me, calm me or make me feel at home, have the pot on to boil, some 2% or whole milk around and don't forget the sugar. Not honey, Honey. Sugar!
stardom), and actress Miranda Richardson (Oscar-nominated
scratch of thorns and cook-fire brush,
This is the kind of business I'm trying to be a friend in. This is the kind
We had our dinner last night at El Corral, which is on River Road, just East of Campbell. You have the Western theme, the different rooms, including the swinging saloon type doors to the bathroom.
Okay we have the HTML code we need and we have two options that allow the User to request a new captcha image, one client-side and one server-side. Now we need to examine how the captcha validation logic should be added to the standard form validation.
SJM? Well, they upped their target price to HK$20.7, a 3.5% move and moving it to 9% above where I consider it easily tradable, although it makes me wonder if I do have to add a rung to my 15-17-19 strategy. 8.5 EV/EBITDA though, 6% dividend yield and previously discussed extremely poor win ratios which is entirely luck based. Also, the P/S here is amazing compared to anything else in Macau, and a string of better luck plus some more mass-market gaming that helps the satellite casinos looks like a bargain.
I used to think that the type of girl who fell for the “spread your legs and show your power” school of feminism were victims of cynical male voyeurs, but I now suspect that the aims behind it are more sinister than that, can it be that those who seek our downfall believe that by turning the sort of people who our parents would have viewed as the lowest of the low in to social icons, they can undermine the values which built our society.
Red Chilli - 10 to 12 or Pepper corn - 1 tsp.
Lots of fun.
If you answer “yes” to 1-2 questions, it’s likely you’re dealing with a controller. Responding “yes” to 3 or more questions suggests that a controller is violating our emotional freedom.
The second store showed me a Janome something or other, I don't remember the model number. It was ok, but I didn't love it. Then they showed me a Viking Emerald 118.
Many of the men showed evidence of having been killed
(Beat.)
Here is our full lineup for SMF (But may have a surprise or 2 coming next week)
and the list goes on.
There is no doubt about it this book is going to be huge. So do yourselves a favour and buy this book when it comes out. It deserves your attention.
82 Sluggo Win on UCLA: defeat at the hands of anthropomorphic embodiment of all that is good in America, followed by utter ruination via crossed proton pack streams, or, as Vinz Clortho would’ve put it…
I have had this snowman doorstop for years. I usually just put it by the front door on the floor. Which is where it is. Well, the other day, Isabel said he needed flip flops. So, she gave him her flip flops and asked me to take his picture.
And as we head back down the road on our way home . . .one final picture of my favorite farm friends.
cartridge, WILD CARD 2 that Erica is giving away today.
Scarf - I can't remember
As a resource for the collective consciousness.
I think Poe is at his best when he is writing about obsession. He often begins his stories - first person narratives in the main - by mentioning madness or compulsion. Whether it is observed, as in The Fall of the House of Usher, or experienced by the narrator, as in The Tell-tale Heart, mental instability is a constant theme in his stories. When you read Poe, it feels as though you are being allowed glimpse into a genuinely disturbed mind. But maybe all creativity is irrational. It can certain feel that way sometimes.
But then I wouldn’t have something interesting to tell you about my eclectic adventures.
I turned up at a nightclub I didn’t know in Liverpool and when I went in it was a real, literal chicken-in-the-basket place. I was shown to the dressing room and the only surviving original member was Ray Phillips. All the others were much younger. He asked me, “What songs do you like?” and I started naming all these B-sides. “It’d be great to do that,” I said, “and I really like that,” and he could not remember most of them.
I’ve attempted pitching ideas a few times, and always felt the light going out of me as I tried to make sense of an initial ghost of a feeling about a play out loud….so I found this section useful. There are some suggestions on how to deal with the system. Rather than rules, these are pointers on how to approach the problem and are followed by the statement that sometimes you have to have the courage to say ‘I don’t write like that’ and hope you don’t lose the job.
“These are explicit Nazis,” said Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center’s Intelligence Project told the AP. “These are people who wear swastikas on their sleeves.”
I brought my daughter to the Sun-Times show on Friday night. I told her as we were walking down the aisles of the show that she has been with me to many card shows...even when she was just a baby. In fact, I think we took her to a card shop before heading home from the hospital that first night we brought her home (had to get those last few cards from 2000 Topps that were saved for me).
However, I do feel some kind of way about the fact that traditional publishers can not look into communities of color to find the authors that are writing stories about people of color. There is no lack of people of color who are writing these stories; authors who do not have a platform from which to share their stories with the world. It is a shame when, of the relatively few fantasy books in the bookstore with brown faces on the cover, a good portion of them are not written by people of color. It reinforces the notion that such authors can not be found; that people of color are not writing in this genre–which we unequivocally are.
Land grab policy explained?
I'll show you the food tomorrow if you want to see more!
What does surprise me is that Cameron and Clegg thought that Lord Leveson would fall in with their plans. He is clearly his own man and determined that his inquiry will be seen to be independent of government or anyone else. What made them think for a moment that he would agree to rewrite his programme of witnesses to suit their and Jeremy Hunt's convenience?
Not THE first film I saw and enjoyed, but certainly the first film I fell in love with. I think I was 18 at the time and went to see it in a local cinema down the road from the flat I lived in. The cinema was called 'The Globe' on the corener of Welfield Road, in Roath, Cardiff. It was a shabby, run-down affair and I remember wearing my coat all the way through as it was freezing in there - even the walls glistened with damp. But it just made the experience of watching this film all the more amazing, as the cinema almost became a part of the film with its damp, cold atmosphere and tired, worn out decor blending in so well with that of the setting of the film. The final scene with Deckard and the last replicant, Roy Batty, was just so powerful for me there were no words to express my emotional state as a result.
"Yah, you come coffee (Dutch words). Appel coek. More Dutch words."
However I fear that the most likely prescription to protect front line services may be the technocratic and managerial solution of shared services rather than the political solution of shared struggle. It may be that after thirteen years of believing that we were in Government, leading lights in the Party won’t see beyond the duties of their office to their duties to our class.
To a New Covenant believer, this court represents the First covenant. Under the Law, there was a limited relationship with God. Even Moses expressed a desire for everyone to have the Holy Spirit, which, at the time, was not a reality.
All signs were pointing to a great meal.
reimbursements (which are not
My mistress, when she walks, treads on the ground:
* When the latter signal (of March and April as just discussed) is a low within the context of a cyclical bull market it is also best to go with the latter signal. These examples would include 2000 and 2005. The latter signal in 2000 was a low in April and the market chopped sideways to higher into September before rolling over into March 2001. The latter March/April signal in 2005 was a low and the market trended higher for the remainder of the year.
Now start on one side of the wall and slowly go down the wall:
Ah, sci fi. It does warn us to exercise extra care, and get it right. And watch out for crazies.
You see, it was quantity not quality that fuelled the U.S. housing market prior to its crash. It didn't matter how risky the loan was because the originator of the loan had no intention of holding onto it. The loan was to be hidden amongst a bunch of other risky loans, hidden amongst other loans to be compiled and repackaged as a mortgage backed security and sold off to investors. And these investors didn't know how toxic these securities were because the bond ratings agencies - Stand and Poor's, Moody's, and Fitch - gave them triple A ratings declaring them to be one of the safest investment vehicles around. And the originator of the loan made a commission through the selling of these mortgage backed securities. The more you sell, the more money you make, the richer you become while freeing yourself of risk by dumping that risk onto unsuspecting clients.
When I finally emerge from the restroom and see the group, I bust up laughing all over again. I pull E-man into a semi-lit doorway of another theater, pull the waist-band up above my jeans to reveal the dangling jewels. I ask if he can help. I would've/could've probably waited until I got home, except that I really do love this bracelet and I worried that being pressed underneath my jeans would entangle it even further.
Think I'll want to update some of the accessories in this room once the lavender is actually on the walls so it may be a while before you see the finished product, but I'm pretty excited to get started!
-Has a lot of predictable plot elements. You know when you meet the professor/boss guy that he’ll eventually make a move on the girl. You pretty much know how everything will pan out in the end. You know which things will backfire, and what the result will be. That kind of thing. It’s funnier than most rom-coms, but it’s still a rom-com.
On top of the cultural war Iran has tested the world with advances in the “intercontinental ballistic missile”.
(Images: Royal Opera House/Clive Barda)
We have practiced the soothing hold, to no avail; she simply does not find it soothing, but confining. I am sort of dreading puppy kindergarten on Tuesday when she is sure to demonstrate her maverick personality again.
Did you check out these beautiful Easter Eggs from A Cup of Tea and a Slice of Cake ? Would you believe they started out as those super bright coloured plastic eggs you can get at the dollar store?
Edmondson: It was in a way, but it’s probably like childbirth — there’s some kind of drug in your body that makes you forget the horrible bits. I love doing it, it’s a fantastic thing to do. It’s like being given a huge box of paints and being allowed to paint on the walls. It’s a childish joy.
Morro de São Paolo, a small but perfectly formed island between Itacaré and Salvador, boasts gorgeous beaches, snorkelling in natural pools…and the 340 metre-long Tiroleza from a lighthouse into the sea at Primeira Praia (First Beach).
I’m still in touch with Frances.
Symphony No.3 (1964)
Where are they? I cannot see them and panic.
Good Morning all~ Happy Spring.....It is raining here this morning. It is a shower but a heavy one. I just looked on the radar! It will be gone by the time I leave for work.
I won't share the details of hanging drywall because it truly is boring (if you need some tips, please ask away!), but we did learn a few tips in the process that are worth sharing:
American Thanksgiving Day is almost upon us. I am a big fan of being thankful on a daily basis for life's big things an small things alike, so forgive me if I use TD as a time to be thankful for something a little frivolous. It takes away the sting of gluttony and family drama that seems to go hand in hand with holidays. I think all of you stunners would agree, redheads are something to be thankful for. Where would PRB painting be without them!? It always pains me a little that, historically, redheads have gotten a bad rap. Although one of my favorite PRB legends involves the theater usher's disgust and dismay at seeing TWO redheads in one aisle of the theater (dear Lizzie and naughty Swinburne). There are some very special flaming beauties in my life, including my auburn husband (honey, just ignore that gray!), who apparently used to be called "copper top" (after batteries!) in his youth! So here is my shout-out to all of you glorious redheads, by nature or by dye, we love you!
♥pam♥
The dazzle for our Valentine's dinner would have to be the salad.
What am I saying? Am I seriously saying this obscure word points to Yeshua? Hear me out on this one.
Records — Briarcliff 9-1; Horace Greeley 2-6.
Paris it is on Sunday:) Can't Wait.
Wolves 8/5 (Totesport), Draw 23/10(PP), Aston Villa 19/10(PP)
“There is today no lack of Bible teachers to set forth correctly the principles of the doctrines of Christ, but too many of these seem satisfied to teach the fundamentals of the faith year after year, strangely unaware that there is in their ministry no manifest Presence, or anything unusual in their personal lives. They minister constantly to believers who feel within their breasts a longing which their teaching simply does not satisfy…
The opening effectively establishes Poe as a supplicant, if a persistent one. I’m about a third of the way through the book now and so far it’s a lot more Poe than Mary Rogers, the murder victim (which makes sense — we know a lot more about his life than hers).
If you’d like a glimpse of the orange craze that is about to descend on the Netherlands, check out this amazing Nederland van Boven (the Netherlands from Above) clip.
3 cups all-purpose or bread flour, more for dusting
Thursday's opening business meeting included all of the traditional elements that make it so special: the flag processional with all the chapter flags, singing the national anthem and creed of Zeta Tau Alpha, and formal welcomes and greetings. New and reorganized alumnae and collegiate chapters were recognized, and it was a special highlight to receive a baby cup for the Flint Hills, KS chapter.
Investigators meeting or corresponding with the archivist and author discover he is an affable soul who enjoys discussing the history of his home county to great extent. He willingly puts off other pressing business to indulge in his penchant for pointing out landmarks, recounting legends, and dispensing what would be considered juicy gossip if the subjects of those rumors hadn’t been dead for over a century. Anyone who responds to his impromptu lectures with sincere interest will earn an invitation to dine with Philips at his home on a regular basis. Those who do so gain +1d6% to their Wildwyck Lore scores (see below) after 1d4 months of dining with Philips and examining the old diaries, artifacts, and maps he loves to share with visitors after meals (provided they wash their hands after eating).
People live in a perpetual state of “if only”s. Everyone has lusted after the solutions an “if only” offers. If only I had a man/woman. If only I had more friends. If only I had a more supportive family. If only I had a better job. If only I had more money. If only I had more time. Etc. Etc. You have thought something like this. Everyone has at least once or twice, indulging in wishful thinking. I know I most certainly have. So let’s be open and honest about it.
First of all, Great-grandma Everton is described as "the woman who went to Australia with her husband, recovered her health, and began a large and prosperous family". Now, casting aside my hatred of "beginning a large and prosperous family" being considered some sort of accomplishment (and a single-handed one at that), it seems illogical that the 105 year old who "began" such a large family now has only 1 surviving relative, her 23-year-old great granddaughter, Ella. Yet this is a minor quibble, which could be explained away by some unexpected accident or illness on the part of every other family member. But how about this?:
I wanted to share the gift we received the other night from our amazing friends at CCAI... an update!
(from Ethan's letter)
One racist poster who was permitted to publish one idiotic comment after another goes by Eric Daniels.
Now dry roast the flax seeds,dry red chillies,peppercorns,cumin seeds and keep aside until they gets cool completely..Grind everything with salt as coarse powder, finally add the garlic cloves and grind it well..
Yeast: Use large starter of Wyeast 1056
Richie meets his wife in court again. He asks her not to punish him for being honest. She says "What are you saying, that because you were honest and you didn't take money like every other cop, I left you? No, you don't take money, for one reason, to buy being dishonest about everything else. And that's worse than taking money nobody gives a shit about...You know, I'd rather you took it and been honest with me. Or don't take it, I don't care. But then don't go cheat on me. Don't cheat on your kid by never being around. Don't go out and get laid by your snitches and secretaries and strippers!...You think you're going to heaven because you're honest, but you're not. You're going to the same hell as the crooked cops you can't stand." Richie looks at his wife while his lawyer is talking, and then agrees that he's not a fit parent. He tells her to go to Vegas, and he'll come see his kid when he can.
(Feeling a tug by the Holy Spirit to share my depth of faith)
Dora still sounded half-asleep. "There's no Sherim near here." She finished with the soft moan of a yawn, and Rel thought he could make out the motion of her arms as she stretched.
Wow, it's been a entire months since I've blogged, and probably a year since I've done a SBW post. But you guys know me by now, so you shouldn't be all that surprised. I've been super busy, with among other things, preparing for my next pole competition. I've got lots things I want to share (including food posts) but you're going to have to wait a bit longer for that. Until then, I really want to share this amazing video of Mark Bittman's Ted Talk about the dangers of our food culture. I have really been wanting to talk more about food policy on the blog, and I think this is a great place to start.
12/20/2011 BUY 0.01 euraud 1.29814
04. On And On
Ending in a water fall.
In the meantime they are planted in a temporary container......
‘Get up, Richard. You are not going to let me down,’ she said. ‘You’ve got an hour to be ready.’
Facing New Dangers
But I go there by train, elevator, chairlift or car!! And after I’ve seen enough I go into the restaurant, order a coffee and enjoy the time until the next drive down is scheduled… THIS is how I enjoy mountains…
1.) A tradition offers a structured support group. Delving into spirituality brings up issues for a lot of people and it’s good to have support. You have other people around who have walked the same path and have had similar experiences. While people won’t have had exactly the same experience, similar experiences can help guide you through what you’re experiencing on your own path to deity. It essentially makes your life easier and a little clearer.
Last I took today off on holiday from work, I've got the tax form completed and sent off, just as the next one fell through the door - can I do them for harassment do you think?
- Take a tour in my new city (D.C) to see the changing colors of leaves
Don’t be banging your shin on a stool that’s not in your way.
What's not so easy to blow off is how motherfucking stressful that place is! The call center is mellow. The most stressful day I've had there isn't a tenth as stressful as an average, smooth shift at the restaurant. The constant running around, the chaos of the kitchen, the never knowing what's going to happen in terms of business levels and money ... I knew that place made me miserable, but I didn't realize quite how miserable until I had something to compare it to. Now just having to go there makes me want to throw up. But, gots to pay the billz, riiiite?
Kids, can you spell C O R R U P T I O N ?
“I am the koldun. My name is Vitaly Khostov. You are tresspassing.”
Name: Pearl
All in all, it was a wonderful meal. And the wait-staff and owners were all really nice people. If there were any negatives it was that the food was so rich we didn't feel like eating for the rest of the weekend. That and the menu has too many choices. You find yourself wanted to order one of everything. Then they add the specials on top of that and it's appetite overload.
A few minutes later and after the woman had eaten the piece of rib with an air of delight, I approached her and I subtly asked her if she was aware of what had just done because I had heard moments before making deep critical to smokers who were present, with the justification that the result of their action was extremely detrimental to the health of others.
The Australian branch of the Aldi supermarket chain has announced
People.
Let me introduce you to my High Falootin electric beverage warmer painted candy apple red with a temp gauge on the side and a thermal grip. I tried it out last night and it worked flawlessly!
Green food coloring
without anticipation
you are pretty awesome and that is why non bloggers do not get it, they do not get what we get
I understand your parents are unable to contribute very much towards the cost of your wedding. (There is nothing wrong with that except that convention is such that one might presume they would have saved over the years for their daughters’ marriages.)
Round 4 of the Formula 1 World Championship, wrapped up yesterday in what was leading up to be, the most controversial race of the season.
Springfield, MO 65807
His eyes are a flame of fire, and on His head are many diadems; and He has a name written on Him which no one knows except Himself.
New for r17:
Today, Newt called a press conference, and, with his adoring wife at his side, broke this stunning news: he is not going to win the Republican Primary. That’s a bit like calling a press conference to announce that Elvis is dead.
Probably breakfast time because if I don't eat, I'm thrown all off the rest of the day. If I eat too late my schedule is a mess. Or I get to work and I'm starving then I gotta scramble for some meal.
* 1/2 teaspoon baking soda
Hope you enjoyed seeing this card.
But I wouldn’t let any of the research get in the way of creating a dark atmospheric Hammer Horror type London, which is what people want! Fog and shadows and filthy streets and ragamuffins. I was musing the other day as I travelled through Liverpool how rich the city is in Victorian architecture, so I’ve grown up amongst all these influences.
Don't give up hope!
White/Silver Glitter Organza
The whole restaurant was full,
Other News from the Fair: At the end of last year I was very sad to find that Rosemary Sandberg, my lovely agent of 10 years was retiring. However, after a long and fruitful meeting in the (scarily empty and bereft of foreign agents) International Rights Centre, I am delighted to make an Official Announcement! Sophie Hicks of Ed Victor Ltd is going to be my new agent, and I couldn't be more delighted. She's lovely--and she immediately won huge brownie points from me by introducing me to Eoin Colfer, creator of Artemis Fowl and an extremely nice and funny man (who is obviously James Bond in disguise despite his protestations that he is 'too short' to be a glamorous international spy).
Designer Paper: Lost and Found Christmas from My Mind's Eye
The greening of the region started with the locals and those who moved in planting coconut trees. Then the sand was mined deep enough in certain locations to enable paddy cultivation. Sand dunes were also leveled to build houses to accommodate the increasing population. It is hard to believe now that the place
It's Wednesday, and I have been thinking about my trip and that beer since Saturday. As I sit here, and write out this post, I am finishing off my final, and last Flying Dog Dogtoberfest. It's a little bitter sweet. I'm enjoying it more than I did on Saturday, and possibly a little more than I did last October. But I know it will soon be over. Once I finish it, that's it. There is no more. All the bottles I had, visible and hidden are gone. And it isn't even July yet.
That analogy, albeit sexist (there are many men who nag their wives) sums up quite well how this has been achieved. By a process of first making us feel uncomfortable, then guilty, followed by telling us repeatedly that we are in the wrong, they have brought us to a point where what they say is the commonly accepted truth and what tell us has become the dogma of the state.
2) sending a friend over. (they have to comment saying you sent them)
The 52-year-old man was walking on a cliff path in West Cornwall when he is thought to have slipped on ground left muddy by recent heavy rain.
back to some normalcy in our lives.
The rest of my weekend consisted mainly of me and my friend, Amy, spending countless hours studying Pharmacology at Starbucks. Luckily, many pumpkin spice lattes were consumed, however, this subject is like studying a foreign language! The test is on Thursday, say a little prayer for me please!
Concluding that racial bias played a significant factor in the sentencing of a man to death here 18 years ago, a judge on Friday ordered that the convict’s sentence be reduced to life in prison without parole, the first such decision under North Carolina’s controversial Racial Justice Act.
c. Use experimentation in spite of the fact it'ss a messy and untidy process. Experiments usually don't lead to fruitful results.
I remember the first time he returned from war all those years ago, when weapons of mass destruction, Saddam Hussein and Bin Laden were the main talking points of the wars instead of how much it’s costing, whether we will stay or simply forgotten from our news reel. I asked him something ridiculous like “did you shoot/kill anyone”. He never answered, sat there tense, scolding at the question and the lack of understanding I clearly had at that point.
Harviestouns Old Engine Oil -- not bad
But here's the deal:
The more important question is if the PARENTS are highly motivated.
Hacking anyones phone is a dispicable act in any case and it is certainly no surprise to me that journalists undertake such practices. What worries me here is the extra dimension. Robert Thomson would, at that time, have been one of the best protected people in the country. If a mere journalist can penetrate that security with a bribe then it can most certainly be done by others. The implication of this revelation is that the criminal justice system cannot be trusted to protect those which it is duty bound to protect.
In a blender add the flesh of avocados, ½ cup cold milk and grind it well. Add 1-2 tbsp of simple syrup and mix well.
Il tema per questo appuntamento è: LOVE
I added some cute little 1/8" navy eyelets to the banner corners to thread my twine through. Can't believe that I am so late jumping on the eyelet bandwagon. This scrapping staple has been around forever but I've never bothered to use them till lately! Weird eh?
Mat Zain said that not even the prime minister had the power to clear any individual from criminal culpability, and it did not matter whether Shahrizat resigned or stayed as a Cabinet minister.
Will I regret this? Don’t waste those hard-earned calories on something you will regret in about 30 seconds. Regrets weighs more than what you just ate! Am I actually hungry? Or am I just thirsty or bored? Will this satisfy my craving?
So I thank you in advance. I love you and I will keep you continually updated on this journey.
Jamal drops the two M5 medical kits back in the box and closes the lid, snapping all six latches closed. He then reaches into a large, green military duffel bag pulling out several large, clear Zip Lock baggies filled with small medical items. He begins collecting items from these large Zip Lock bags. Only a few of the items I can identify from here. I recognize four SOF-T Tourniquet (Special Operations Forces-Tactical) in their bags, five HyFin Chest Seal, a handful of either Celox or QuikClot small bags and several Emergency Trauma Dressing (AKA Israeli Battle Dressing) which I am extremely familiar with. The rest are syringes of what I assume are the broad spectrum antibiotics Jamal promised.
So I surfed over to Youtube, follow the link and the above video appeared, the whole video was less than 3 minutes and it was indeed my old classmate who was said to be a road bully and guess what ? I remember reading the news in one Chinese print the other when this video went viral.
Since it seems we’ve had 40 days and 40 nights of rain already this spring and endless grey, foggy days, I decided to welcome in the sunshine to clear away the cobwebs with a scrumptious lemon meringue pie.
Well anyway, back to the wonder.
“Are you within that area?” Motioning her hand in a circle.
"Easily," I say. "An idealist is a person who firmly believes that Bush stole the election, but still thinks that a woman or a black guy have a good shot at becoming president."
Ciao Meditterranena Restaurant and Pizzeria
Our final leg took us into Virginia to pay homage to the lost at the Pentagon. There the images were so powerful, I composed a separate blog entitled the thing about the Pentagon Memorial. Check the link in the category column, left side of this blog.
Sometimes a troop of damsels glad,
2. I love whales but to focus money on TV shows that spend millions to stop the illegal hunting of whales. I get it’s a cool show with water cannons and things to tear up props on multimillion dollar vessels. I also don’t want to hurt a whale but to have the attitude save the whale and kill the babies knowing that tens of thousands of babies are murdered everyday in the name of women’s rights and that there not human until birth when our bibles tell us that he knew us from our mothers womb over and over is a travesty beyond comprehension. Wake up church!
"Will do." Sam ducked around folding chairs and small clusters of spectators, looking for Mr. Scott's lemonade stand, which was always somewhere at these tournaments. The smell of popcorn drifted by and made her thirstier. She craned her neck. Where was it?
Monday, President's Day, the kiddos got to spend some time with their dad and have their music lessons, as I had a doctor's appointment.
As a stay at home mom, I am constantly on the search for ways to make money, and never having to put my children in daycare, or in the care of a stranger. I’ve seen my share of scams, and in today’s world, they are everywhere! I’ve complied my list of sites that I’ve found that can lead to jobs at home, or just extra money. All of these links can be found on the right side of the page under ”Work From Home.”
1/2 cup melted butter 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Fourteen individuals—MP’s and other secular elements—resigned from the constitutional assembly to protest lack of representation for certain groups—including intellectuals–and demand a consensus-based constitution. I thought this was sort of spectacular— naive of me, as some politicians and analysts were quick to point out. Some worried that a constitution without wide support would make for a coup-prone Egypt in the future. But in the end, when Al-Ahzar University– the revered center of Islamist thought–withdrew their sole representative, urging an inclusive constitution assembly according to the true principles of Islam, the Muslim Brotherhood yielded 10 of their seats at the table to more liberal appointees.
Things I don't know after this particular exercise - how many people will act on what they discovered about Samaritan's Purse's work, how much extra money we will raise and why the level of water in the bucket slowly disappeared.....!
However I would like to point out in the last two weeks whilst he has been travelling the world, the household has achieved a number of significant milestones.
It’s Real – Real Estate (chosen by Che)
25.Lean in or away. While talking with someone, lean in to them to indicate you are interested in what they have to say. Leaning a bit back shows self confidence.
So, school next year.
Yeah, that thing on her back…like wings? It is a bow.
thanks for dropping by my blog and leaving me some love
WELLINGTON, New Zealand - Spending a long day sorting, labeling, packing and lifting heavy boxes of books does not seem like something to smile about, but for a group of missionaries, enthusiasm and smiles accompanied a long day of hard work.
(Demonstrator's protesting Cuomo's fracking plan outside the governor's New York City office on July 26, 2011.)
Many reservoir rights were staked. Trickle Park, now the Park Reservoir, was the first one. It was claimed by several men-among them Captain Spalding, John Trickle and James Stell. Other early reservoirs built were the Kennicott, and the Weir and Johnson.
From the walk on the beach to their first dance unforgettable moments revealed themselves.
Where did he say his concern was? With the middle class. With those who do work. With those who want to work but can’t find a job right now. He wants to create a larger middle class rather than pit one class against another (unlike Obama and Newt). He seems concerned with creating a culture that will help social mobility and advancement, that will allow growth and prosperity that will create an economy that will naturally have a much lower unemployment rate (as opposed to $500,000 to “create” a single job). Heaven forbid. The heartless fiend. Trying to create a system where the middle class thrives and the poor are taken care of (but not pampered)…I can’t see why anyone would support this monstrous Scrooge.
Let me define “have nowhere to go”. I talk a lot on this blog about me and others walking in a post-institutional wilderness, so when I say they have nowhere to go, I think it is more about not “knowing” where to go. I have learned over time that this is a good thing.
1.so rich, so wise, so what?
I'm not used to being here in the manse at this time of day anymore - it's light and bright and the school bus drops off kids right off on the corner. There's a lot going on!
1296 *D-IV/9/1998. “The Natural Right Component of American Law: Swift v. Tyson Revisited.” Law Panels, Annual Convention, American Culture Association, Orlando, Florida. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(7), above.)
Here you have Bheki Cele, National Police Commissioner, who was found guilty of maladministration and improper conduct by Public Protector Thuli Madonsela (probably because she was not in on the deal) in a R500m lease for police headquarters in Pretoria.
a meeting by calling for a volunteer to be the chairman and then send him or her away to clean the toilets. The Golden Bough starts with an overview of ancient ways to get rid of kings when their time is up; find inspiration there.
I think he knew what I had in mind. He shook his head as he paid the fisherman – an old timer my father had gone fishing with when he was a boy – and mumbled something that made them both laugh.
870 D-XII/4/1983. “On the Sophia of Mortimer J. Adler and His Predecessors.” Prepared as an Introduction, Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Now add in the magical context. Not only do you keep thinking this thing, but you know that your will could make it happen. You fear accidentally hurting people, or intentionally hurting them; now you know you can do that just by thinking really hard about it and you can’t stop thinking really hard about it. (Yes, I’m oversimplifying, but I think you get the idea.)
R is a zombie. He has no memories, no identity, and no pulse, but he has dreams. He doesn’t enjoy killing people; he enjoys riding escalators and listening to Frank Sinatra. He is a little different from his fellow Dead.
Thou that art like enough, through vassal fear,
The snip
Beginner: Work 30s-Rest 30s. Rest for 2 mins at end then repeat.
(Phoenix News Wire) — Local, state, and federal police agencies in Mexico have been briefed to prepare for major civil unrest in border states and cities, and southern Mexico coastal cities; authorities in Central and South America have also received similar warnings.
1-1/2 cup AP flour, sifted
Michael can hardly speak anymore.
Booked: Mark Sanderson (foul)
Birthdays
From The MET students we learned so much too!!! We were further inspired to create an educational environment for children and youth of New Orleans (and particularly the Lower 9th Ward) that derives from their interests and passions and works to achieve democracy and equity in an environment of decency of trust where tests aren't the only measure of what students know and are able to do. The inspiring accounts from The MET students of individual experimentation, learning and growth assured us that we are on the right path with the development of New Orleans Liberation Academy.
‘The Daisy and the Bear’ by K.L. Clark
Recently I've had to deal with a bit of swearing from my 8 year old. Which of course means that the 6 year old has been getting in on the act too. They are just starting to get their heads round it and have been testing the waters with such gems as "Blooming heck" (I'm Northern, okay?!) and "Bloody damn it!". I've not been too concerned because, believe it or not, I don't actually swear in front of my kids. Oh don't get me wrong, I am an expert at swearing under my breath and I am super professional at swearing through gritted teeth, but not that they can hear above the TV. This is what has happened recently:
I'm slowly working my way through older Magpie Tale Prompts and posting them here on my blog.
Although a summer/fall 2010 release, I finally finished the 17th issue of DARK DISCOVERIES. I've been enjoying their recent line of theme-issues, this time taking on dark science fiction.
Scrunch it up in your hands
I resist the urge to ask him
The conclusion the book came to was that it's impossible to reclaim your youth, the best that you can do for yourself is to eat a healthy diet and take a moderate amount of exercise; limit alcohol to the odd glass of red wine and STOP smoking. And always wear sunscreen. And get plenty of sleep... basically work with what you've got... and if you've got glorious red locks stop trying to be a brassy blonde... there is nothing less attractive than fighting your own natural colouring. And when you see 50 looming over the horizon, when your jowls are building a long term relationship with your neck, comfort yourself with the knowledge that not all young people are visions of loveliness either.
765 **D-VI/22/1978. “On the Skokie March.” Interview by John Anastaplo, WAIT-Radio, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1979(7), above, pp. 754-72.)
The disrespect definitely goes both ways.
Shipping now, the FTX-L 3G replaces the company’s previous fibre optic transmitter, the FTX 3G – bringing extra features at the same competitive price. Crystal Vision’s fibre products have become increasingly popular, with the company selling its highest level of fibre to date in 2011.
8.Firth of Fifth 9:36
- Infant car seat rotates for simple and ergonomic docking and undocking
Here’s what did:
IAN: My only influence on the cover art was in writing the actual book. But that didn't bother me at all, because when my editor told me that Tor had hired John Jude Palencar to do the cover for my first novel, I felt like I had hit the jackpot! I've been a fan of Mr. Palencar's work for a long time-- I'd never dreamed his artwork would someday grace one of my covers. The cover art for Bitter Seeds is yet another place where I've been phenomenally lucky.
My first recital is indelibly written in my memory and preserved on film as well. I can still remember my knees shaking and am thankful that no video or audio recording remains! I made it through the piece but only because Mrs. Rumberg relinquished at the last minute and allowed me to use my music.
Huh? Does not compute. Ten minutes of driving in circles later, I figure out what she's trying to tell me. Too late. "No way, with my luck it'll be the one time someone comes down it."
Make sure you stop by the Creative Scrappers blog to check out what the fabulous CS designers created! You are sure to be inspired! Also make sure you play along for your chance to win a $20 gift certificate to The Paper Passion. All you have to do is complete 1 layout from sketches 206 - 207 - 208 - 209 - 210. The more entries, the more chances you have of winning! The deadline is June 1 at 11PM EST. Good luck and I hope you have fun playing along!!!
Marriage is a raw deal for men, and it is disguised as something different.
He still loves to eat shoes, paper and chalk. He has taken to attacking Sebastian when Sebastian is getting a diaper change. Or he tries to grab the dirty diaper. In other news, I really need to potty train Sebastian. Let's just say I was right when I said it would be hell on earth training him.
LA is the smallest big city on the planet. In high school I had a good friend, who later became a producer. She works on a show called Stevie TV, which just kills me. So funny! Coincidentally, my wife also works on the show and the two of them got me an autograph of one my favorite characters, Katrina. Katrina knows how to handle trolls like !, JRT and the rest of the YDIS bozos. Enjoy.
Continuing with the use of art as healing modality…
The historian, author of books including Elizabeth and The Private Life of Henry VIII, said: “If you want to look at what happens when you have no sense of common identity, look at Rochdale and events in Rochdale, where you have groups that are absolutely and mutually uncomprehending.
But anyway, that’s a few weeks away. This week I’m supposed to talk about publishing my podcast but I think I’ve covered most of that in last week’s post. I suppose one thing that I could add is that after I signed up for podomatic I received an email saying that I had one 30 day’s worth of the pro membership. Whether or not I actually one I don’t know, but I suspect it’s actually just a trial to encourage people to upgrade. That said, if it’s something they give to everyone it might be worth trying if you’re thinking of starting a podcast of your own.
I make it a priority each day to read my gratitude list after waking, before going to bed and at least one other time during the day. I don’t know whether this post has any significance for you or not. I just know that my blessing are bountiful!
“Roadway safety is always a top priority at IDOT, and the Yellow Dot program can help improve roadway safety by providing first responders the crucial medical information they need to treat injuries and save lives, beginning at the scene of a crash,” said Acting Transportation Secretary Ann Schneider. “This important program gives IDOT and our partners another important way to improve our exceptional record on traffic safety. I encourage all motorists to participate in this unique and effective program, which could make the difference between life and death for individuals involved in crashes.”
Some managers and instrumentation technicians balk at virtual education, adamant that power plant training is most effective when done in person. But frankly, we can buy our groceries online, pay our bills online, and get the benefits of a classroom education online. It’s a cost-effective method to get basic concepts and fundamental principles out of the way so hands-on learning is that much easier. Instrumentation and control systems technicians also receive a degree of cross training, yet another cost-efficient advantage.
With the newly discovered trail the progress was good. By lunch time, whenever that was, we reached the same old watering hole. It was actually warm and sunny enough for people to dry closes and equipment and actually swim. Swimming is not a problem per se, even in that cold water. The problem is how to dry up after that. Some people swam in that whole. I didn’t. It wasn’t warm enough for my taste. But Venkad was swimming all the time. Perhaps different people have different levels of tolerance to not being showered. I didn’t mind. V have never swam (in all the trips I had with him I’ve never seen him swim). He did, however, shaved as soon as he had a chance.
however, many who were fortunate enough to experience
Charlie. Back away from the snow globe.
Your words are so sweet
Thanks to those of you that took the time to play along with our challenge this week. You guys really rocked it and we love that you love us enough to make the effort when the challenge is a little less generic :)
Kelly: Reads peoples minds
There is no need for me to go into how this came about, it is simply a matter of selfish creature comfort taken to grotesque extremes, the python swallows the deer because he is hungry and has no idea what he is doing other than satisfying his urge. By this time, this time in the evolution of the human being animal, the spiteful power hungry have utterly lost any ability to relate to God and that is also not a surprise since the churches they attend reflect back to them the righteousness of their falsity. That war and war crimes are good and holy even, that economic superiority is necessary for the enrichment of their dogma and since the system as it presently exists is a supposedly established fact of life not to be questioned ever, but supported by aligning with the massive press of vainglorious authority for limitless expansion of more and greater deceit.
And hitting hurts me, just like it would you.
What are some other ways that you fit green into your wardrobe?
The United States turned over authority for those raids to Afghan forces last month, opening the door to the broader agreement. The pact signed early Wednesday, negotiated by the American ambassador to Afghanistan, Ryan C. Crocker, and Afghanistan’s national security adviser, Rangin Dadfar Spanta, addresses a broad range of issues, from security to social and economic development.
Someone once told me I was foolish to keep trying for this crazy writer-dream thing I had. Think how I’d feel if it never happened or if it went wrong or…
According to both rabbis and Christians, this room represents Heaven, the spiritual abode of the Most High. Believers relate the cubed room to the cube shaped New Jerusalem found in Revelation 21-22. This is the final form of existence man has with God, and it never ends.
She would have to sleep in the tiny wooden trailer.
It’s just astonishing. So dear readers, if you ever want to come and stay with me and the animals, here’s my listing: http://www.airbnb.com/rooms/385702
31.VRGNS-Kids Under The Bed
You might be reading this just to become more aware of SPD or gain a better understanding of it. You might be reading this because someone you know has SPD. If you are reading this because you or one of you children might have SPD, then you might like to know what has been helpful for other people with SPD. I honestly don't know if there is a way to "recover" from SPD or if a person just has to learn to live with it. In this post I will share with you what we've done and what has been helpful.
We’re clearing trash on Yor’Sahj and two things come to mind.
The Black Hills Wild Horse Sanctuary is actually part of the Institute of Range and American Mustang (IRAM), a non-profit corporation founded by Dayton Hyde in 1988. IRAM owns and manages 11,000 acres of private land dedicated to range preservation and a balanced ecosystem.
Wrong. Still, the melody is in a hodgepodge, and the accompaniment is beyond description. So what do you do?
~ Motivation to make positive life changes.
But when it's cold and/or snowy outside, it's obviously the most practical footwear choice.
What will a man give in exchange for his own soul? Today we are looking at Acts 27:18. The situation is becoming desperate, as the ship has encountered the storm Euroclydon. “And we being exceedingly tossed with the tempest, the next day they lightened the ship.”
Then, you’ll never believe this. I’m not one for zoos really. But I love animals and crave time with them. I got to sit face to face with a tiger, and just enjoy his warm company. His name was Diego, and a tiny fence with holes separated us. I wanted to pet him, but I didn’t. It was nice to just relax with him. He had quite a healing effect on me. Then, the boys and I strolled back to our side of town and had a delicious vegetarian buffet, met more smiling people, and now we are sitting at a Spanish Tapas joint with live music– and Dougie just manifested a his favorite French song just by mentioning it to us. I’m linking the song here. We are so grateful for all of these new goodies in our lives. Here goes our individual lists.
All of that on the back of club volunteers that hold 3 or 4 work parties per year, attend board meetings, repair all sorts of facilities from loud speakers to planks on the docks. A true blue collar membership. Yeah, it takes a year to become a member!! We need your money but we need your involvement in our sailing community more.
Then next importantly, it took me much longer than expected to get ahold of all the stakeholders I needed at work. Some were travelling. But by midday Tuesday, I had email confirmation from each one that they agree with my original decision, NOT the decision of my sneaky-ass coworker. Once I had all that ammunition, I went directly to the President of my division and informed him of the situation (ie, tattled), and got verbal confirmation from HIM in front of my boss and my boss's boss that he agreed to move foward with my original decision, NOT the decision of my sneaky-ass coworker.
chocolate chips, optional
I can't believe one year has gone by already. In reality it should be even longer but I figured I wasn't computer smart and no way would I be able to do my own blog so I put it off and put it off. I was so glad one day I got tired of missing all the fun so I started this blog. It was easy!!! Time consuming but easy.
“ye raatein, ye mausam, nadi ka kinara..Ye chanchal hawa”..
Additional information to be announced. Itinerary subject to change.
I’ve been working on tree identification for the past two years. While I have a book for the Southeast, the New England area is a different story. Because I haven’t gotten a book yet, I rely on the internet (scary notion) for my information. I noticed a problem in both looking online and trying to identify tree leaves still on the tree vs. fallen tree leaves. Their sizes don’t always match.
Shore support. In the early legs, we were short of shore support. We bummed space on other teams for our shore gear. Later when we had a vehicle and driver, I appreciated how well things could work. Thanks again Kim! One small team did not have any shore support. When we offered to help them by hauling some of their gear, their quality of life improved immensely.
Forgive yourself
Nicko Christiansen: Lead Vocals
Reaching the stile I was much encouraged to see that I was a whopping 12 mins inside the 66mins I’d recorded on the test run. The snow along the previous section had obviously slowed me considerably last time. Still feeling strong, I now knew I could get beyond the wall corner by the one hour mark and finish in under 1:45 (assuming no blow ups or bonks). I still had a Go gel in my bumbag so was quite confident on that score.
Soundgarden Black old sun US
All you have to do is donate a pint of blood and have your photo taken. If the staff says you can't get your photo taken in the chair, that's NOT true. See all the people who have had their photos taken: Last Year's Donors! Don't they all look awesome--and they're ALL full of SMILES!
SCHLESSINGER: Don't take things out of context. Don't double N -- NAACP me. Tape the --
Take a look around, enter your information to be added to the map (use the "join the map" link in the black bar at the top of the page or follow this link), visit other crafters, find others that do similar work, and find crafters in your area; basically use this site. We intended The Craft Map as a way to connect people and crafts together. If you think of another way in which we can support you or if you have an idea to better our site, please feel free to contact us and let us know acrafter@i(dot)am
Favorite drink...Grande White Mocha from Starbucks (this is my EVERY Friday treat to myself)
Many of you know Rae was in the special needs program in China due to her blood disorder and strambismus. Upon returning home she had been scheduled to go to the adoption clinic at Children's, but due to a death in the family it was postponed. While we were waiting to go, she started having some pain in her teeth. We talked to the clinic, and they put us in touch with the hematology clinic to clear her to go to the dental clinic. Rae was a trooper thru all of this. She was seen by hematology and then sent down to the dental clinic. Dental discovered multiple things wrong with her teeth - decay, staining, cavities, etc. They told us we could do 4 - 1 hour visits or one visit under anesthesia and she is done. We chose the later. During all this the anesthesia dept. would not clear her to do it in the clinic but would rather do it in the main OR because her platelets were too low. Other back and forth things went on, and so we have been waiting on them to call with our surgery date. Back at the hematology lab they were trying to discover what was causing her low platelets. The diagnosis given to her in China, was incorrect. While she may have had it when she was found, she no longer did or maybe it was misdiagnosed. Her doctor ordered a great deal of blood work in conjunction with adoption clinic - 21 vials!! The results came in, and we still do not know what is causing the low platelet count. We did find out she has had some of her vaccines and is anemic. The doctor did say that she is relatively healthy, but we are not sure of the cause of her low platelets. We go back to doctor on Monday for more tests. He is trying to discover if this is being caused by her bone marrow or her spleen. Provided things go well on Monday and her blood count is not too low, she will have her dental surgery on Tuesday.
Unlike the recent nationalization of YPF in Argentina, which was preceded by months of tense negotiations between the Argentinean governments and Repsol, including the cancellation of the concessions in a number of oil fields, the nationalization of TDE caught the Spanish government by surprise. According to a spokesperson from the Spanish Ministry of Foreign Relations, they received a warning of what was going to happen only three hours before the announcement by president Morales.
“As is the case with so many conflicts, this one had to do with money. The wizard performed a service for the king and then either tried to extort more money for it, or the king decided the service wasn’t worth as much as he promised.”
How could a dog have enough awareness that he would sabotage every adoption attempt?
O, brothers and sisters in Christ, no matter how much of Christ you have attained, do not think that you have already obtained or have been made perfect. We must always press on in Christ!
Not having the option to choose dairy alternatives denies consumers both the opportunity to eat healthier and the opportunity to make choices that are better for the animals and the planet.
As we all know, Money Mayweather blasted Victor Ortiz last September 17 in their welterweight match. At stake was Ortiz’s WBC welterweight belt that he got from Andre Berto earlier this year. The fourth round was nearing its end when Ortiz was able throw combinations to Mayweather, even making me think that Mayweather was really in for a rough fight, “The Vicious” threw his forehead forward hitting Mayweather right in the face. Joe Cortez stopped the fight and deducted a point from Ortiz, after the latter hugged, kissed and apologized to Mayweather. As ref Cortez led the fighters to the middle of the ring, Ortiz again motioned an apologetic gesture, however, Mayweather had other things in mind. Seeing an opportunity, Mayweather threw a punch that whacked Ortiz in the face. Confused, Ortiz turned to Cortez but still forgot to defend himself from a follow-up from Mayweather. The second punch did it for Ortiz, he fell to canvass and was unable to stand after ten seconds. After almost four years, Floyd Mayweather is a world champion again, winning the very belt that he last defended back in 2007 against Ricky “The Hitman” Hatton.
“I find it ironic that Republicans (like Santorum) are out there wanting less government and government intruding into our lives, but when it comes to moral issues they want government to legislate morality,” says Hirsch. “It doesn’t work. It will never work.”
The rocking chair sits still and empty. I lean against the doorframe and promise myself I’ll give it a fresh coat of paint one of these days. I make this promise every evening, just as darkness descends over another day.
"Am I real?" This was such a weird conversation to have with an imaginary character. What came next...talking to an invisible white rabbit as he walked down Fifth Avenue? The real Fifth Avenue. Not a dream Fifth Avenue. Bring out the white coats and straight jackets.
At the Stadium
Martin Simpson, Julie Matthews, Clive Gregson, Dave Burland, Steve Tilston
'Bastard!'
And this isn’t a ladies-first type of thing. Rather, we tried to group the interviews in a recognizable, sensible manner, and because Spring Awakening was stacked with awesome seniors, it just so happened that our first category featured 3 girls. Don’t judge. We’re equal opportunity/equal access here at Inside Cabaret!
More detail is provided by Samuel Rutley (4) writing in 1848:
We met up and everyone was starving so we went for sushi, it was so good! Im hungry thinking about it!
Recently, girl group 2NE1 released a new album in Japan. They also held a small fan event in conjuction with this.
Tonight (Friday, May 11), from 5-7PM at First United Methodist Church in Ashland (by Briscoe School on north end of town) come for dinner. Click here for details.
1/3 cup chicken stock, or water
I recently was visiting in the local hospital with the mother of a very sick young woman and spoke with a nurse (a believer) who is a friend of that family. I asked her if she saw many miracles on the surgical wing of the hospital where she works. The nurse, who is from Liberia, said: “No. What I see here in the US is that people put much more faith in the doctors than they do in God. So, they don’t see many miracles.”
A piece of rubber clamped firmly over the hole will hold it until the sprinkler guys can get here with a scaffold tower and replace the pipe section. I drive a few miles to another site, load up a wet-vac and the numpty labourer, who, as usual, is griping about being expected to actually work. "Why should I have to do it?", he whines, like an eight year old.
Once again, I would like to thank you a million times for your help with this event. I am so happy to be able to take this opportunity to support these endeavours before leaving the city, and I couldn't possibly do it without you.
Success breeds success. It creates belief. It creates idols for the next generation. It creates funding for more opportunities.
As for the smile worthy issue, Vic could get Beckham to marry a wife no. 2 who is actualy Royalty or nobility so that Beckham gets a consort title or actual title, and wife Vic being wife 1 (middleton-mite in stature) can get to ‘Lady’ over the actual noble and royal newcomers to the chavham . . . oops I mean Beckham Family as wife no.1. and indirectly get to be an incidental ‘lady’ with authority as Wife no.1 over wife 2 as well. (Psst, how about changing that name to Beckton or Beckden you smurfs? It’s more posh . . . )
THE SIGNIFICANCE OF THE 2012 FRENCH ELECTION
We can take it in stride
No ,I thought you’re you going to ask for divorce.
It has one of the most famous wine cellars in the world, located on the second floor comprising 450,000 bottles. 1940 during the Nazi occupation of Paris a brick wall was built to hide the best bottles from the occupying Germans. Only the second-rate bottles were left unhidden for the German officers to find.
Philadelphia Phillies (Arfmax - Paid)
some of her classmates don't share in the good vibes of her, just sixteen, getting a main part in "Don Quixote" with the National Ballet. Still, there can't be anything wrong in making a move on
Rocks and Rain - Stephen Farris
I don't do that very often - go for coffee at night......................and it was an unexpected pleasure.
How do you say “hello”? Jesse says, “#YOLO”
Yea! I need retribution and you don’t have it
