Blanche
Remember that you talk to your back for successful first date and we are going to check what happens really after the first date. The first tip I will give you is to keep the romantic atmosphere after the first date. Remember that we talk about being fun and sexy.
07--(05:47)--- Children Of The Future
Google doesn’t have all your answers in life but it is great for getting a general reading of things. I dare you to run a query with your candidates name and the word ‘principled’ and see what pops up. Better yet, search your candidates name with ‘freedom, peace, and prosperity’ and see what comes up. Or even better yet, search their name with ‘liberty‘.
This movement is not an aero benefit in itself, but may be symptomatic of other flexibility in the wing.
09 Heavy Shift-90° In the Shade
Barclays Bank will shave $200 million off its $400 million naming-rights fee for a planned NBA arena in Brooklyn -- and may wind up with two pro teams for half the price of one, financing documents revealed yesterday.
In Luke 9 Jesus sent out his disciples with nothing and said to expect hardship of the kind he himself faced. Even Jesus, whose faith was so perfect that he walked on the water without sinking, who demonstrated what it meant to be in tune with the spirit, sometimes felt distant from the father: In the desert; in the garden.
King Eterr does not reply, but rather seems to go deeper in to Pensive Thought… His Blood and Hatred Surely waiting for Olamna to fail.
I put down my cigarette and try to get the words right.
An interesting aspect of the film is that the character we're supposed to be sympathetic toward really isn't such a nice guy. Much of the mayhem in the film comes about because he was more concerned about his career prospects as advancing as a prosecutor than seeing justice done for the brutal rape and murder of a man's wife and little daughter. Jamie Foxx's character clearly accepted a plea bargain for one of the killer/rapists primarily because he was concerned first and foremost about his conviction rate. It's hard to like this character within the context of the movie... especially when he constantly comes across as a sanctimonious hypocrite without much to balance that out. Similarly, the other character for whom we might be able to feel some sympathy toward. the widower father who feels the system has let him down, is psychopathic terrorist who is ultimately far worse than the scum who took away his family. When it comes right down to it, this is a film where our sympathies lie with the poor saps getting mowed down as a result of what these two men do. That is another reason the film feels unstable and directionless in the middle, because without a clear set of genre conventions to guide our expectations, and without a main character to root for and/or hate more than the opposing force arrayed against him, one can't help but feel there might be better ways to spend your time.
I don't have pictures of nudity because this is a family-friendly blog (false), but perhaps it won't be too hard to imagine. Barman's friends appeared in a boat below the bar and yelled at him to throw down a few beers. He did. I laughed at the boys diving after the beers and told Barman I wanted to take pictures of them. Barman yelled to his friends, "Hey, this American wants to take pictures of you." They seemed to like that idea very much.
A Lake Worth teen who pleaded guilty to participating in a violent string of home invasions and robberies was sentenced to 270 years in prison Thursday, the Palm Beach County State Attorney’s Office said.
(1)Full names:
1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar
I decided not to do cookie cut-outs, because sugar cookie cut-outs don’t seem to work out very well for me. I decided to go with the slice and bake method, mostly because I had cut-outs. But also…the dough had to chill in a log-shape for a few hours, and slicing them seemed to be easier. Hence the odd-looking shapes, but they were good. And so pretty!
Who ya gonna call (or email) when your blog gets wonky? A shout out to Charles of Mostly Bright Ideas, Renee of Pooter and Booger’s Place, and Val of Absurd Old Bird for their suggestions and compassion while I was jonesing for Big Happy Nothing. I offer them apologies for the following redundancies, some of which I shared in emails because I couldn’t blog about them at the time.
1st Corinthians 15:26 The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.
Eddie Vedder, Jeff Ament, and Jack Irons are vegetarian.
I am also thrilled to announce that I will have an article published in the magazine, America in WWII in their April edition, which should hit shelves sometime in February. This article is about the delightful Mary Lou! I am quite excited by this all, but I am even more excited to share Mary Lou's story. She is such an inspiration. I have kept in touch with her ever since the interview and am proud to call her a friend. And because I love this picture so much, I'm going to share it with you. This is Mary Lou when she lived in Washington D.C.
So much about people I don’t know, that I’ll never know. I watch them go by from my seat in the park or in a cafe.I make my assumptions and I draw conclusions but really, how do I know if I’m seeing accurately? Well actually I know the answer to that: surprise. If you are being surprised you are probably not making shit up out of your head. Because your imagination tends not to feed you surprises. It tends to feed you back your working assumptions. That’s the difference between a solipsistic world and the real world. Reality surprises you.
Taking cover from behind a railing David looked further down the hill from his camouflaged position seeing an adult woman carrying a toddler and a boy in his late teens tagging close behind her. They were walking along an old game trail that he knew several miles back came very close to the main road. While watching the three people approach David knew from their cheap clothes and desperate looks they were at best Working class citizens. He silently cursed the construction company that built his shelter for not fully concealing his deck from any trespassers coming from that direction, it was a huge violation of his rights as a Prime.
Spring is almost here, I can feel it and hear it as the birds have started chirping again outside our window.
“No, sir,” the radioman confirmed. “We need more supplies. We need more ammo. We need a place to stay. The Chinese have all that … and more.”
1:00pm – 2:00pm
"oh, there will be no charge sir, i hope you feel better."
Depending on the kinds of movies you're into, you might have heard about Australian director David Michôd's crime/family drama before it got all the positive buzz during the current awards season. If so, then good for you. Go grab yourself a cookie and pat yourself on the back. You've confirmed your good taste in films. If you haven't heard a peep about the movie, then consider yourself lucky - Animal Kingdom is one of the best movies of 2010 and you'll be able to see it without any spoilers whatsoever.
The whispering before we sleep, just one more thing that you can't keep
If you buy this book, you might need cookware to bake all of the deliciousness. Want a little help? Enter to win a $50 CSN Stores gift code. Not a baker? You will be amazed at the incredible number of products offered by CSN Stores' 200+ sites. Win this, and you could put a nice dent in your holiday shopping.
Alison Snow, chair of the 50th annual Friends of the Sierra Madre Library Art Fair is excited to announce that our featured artist is Carolyn Grantham Gravatte, a long-time resident and painter of Sierra Madre. Carolyn studied at Otis Art Institute and received early training with master Fine Art painter Theo Heep of Germany and Sculpture Instructor Elizabeth Johnson of Monrovia. An accredited teacher of Sculpture, Drawing and Painting, Gravatte taught Portrait and Figure Sculpture and Oil Painting for many years, establishing the Monrovia Sculpture Workshop. She has been an artist for over fifty years.
Literary Style:
-Add carrot, rosemary, and garlic and stir until just heated through and fragrant. Add remaining ingredients and stir until well incorporated. -Bring to a low boil, then turn the heat down until your soup is just barely simmering with an occasional stiring for good measure; keep the lid on, but slightly ajar. Stir every so often to make sure nothing is sticking. Soup will be ready when lentils and potatoes are tender.
Oh, and I am certainly a fan of the music in these films, but Ghajini is an exception. Ugh I really did not like the songs OR the production/performance of them in here. Top 40-garbage honestly. Maybe that works for a certain crowd, but I have really grown to like the distinct Indian sound that many of these songs provide. Put some shit I can hear on boring radio here, and I want to leap on the fast-forward button.
So where does all that theory leave this particular acquisition? I'm in total agreement with Nigel Stevenson of James Clay, the importers of Goose Island into the UK. He says,
Last but not the least… A thank you note! The journey was bit hectic with some highs and lows. And thanks to all those who supported me.
... The cell was long and narrow, barely wide enough for a tall man to lie across it, and empty except for a four-litre plastic container, neither bottle nor bucket, which was to serve as a toilet. The only source of light and ventilation was the three three-inch pipes that protruded through the wall... The door was solid steel but did not fit the frame very well, which allowed some extra light and air to filter in. From about 0900 hours to 1500 hours the light was poor; thereafter the cell was dark. (p.82-83)
Along with fire, flowers are an important symbol of May Day. In fact the first May Days were Roman rather than Celtic. They celebrated Flora, the goddess of flowers. Wreaths and garlands are typical decorations for Beltane.
Throughout this case, we've consistently seen people who should know better doing the wrong thing. Yesterday, it was refreshing to see a group of professors step up and do the right thing--just because it was the right thing to do.
You are my friends if you do what I command you.
Those guys are buying vacation homes - they’re rewarded for tricking people into believing their drugs were safe. But who’s jailed? Backyard gardeners. After all, what could be easier for the government than taking the big drug dealer’s money? Jailing the small drug dealers.
9:00PM: Film
If you’re interested in story-telling, whether in films or books or another medium, do think about your structure. Books can be more free form, but benefit from planning. In movies, you always start at the end and work backwards with everything leading up to that point. And you begin your film as late as you possibly can, with a gripping initiating incident.
Vertigo itself lives on to this day as one of the supreme evocations of the intoxicating allure and danger of obsession, cinematic or otherwise. This may be the top Muriels pick for the greatest film of the 1950s, but really, its riches are timeless and, I daresay, universal. In a sense, isn’t cinematic obsession one of the reasons we are all in this game in the first place?" - Kenji Fujishima
The sound track was based on the traditional tune, given a rock beat and horns from NY Brass (UK). Multitracking gave 3-part vocal harmony backing. The entire project was done with basic podcast-level gear. Issues for discussion:
My child starts school on TUESDAY.
sugar, maple syrup, or your preferred sweetener would work
1 egg + 1/2 egg yolk
House Speaker John Boehner planned to outline a new blueprint on Monday amid warnings from their leader that they must find a solution that can get through the Democratic Senate.
Where ... or what ... or who is home?
Your feet take quite a beating walking, running, and being stuffed into all kinds of uncomfortable shoes. This is important because problems in the feet can affect your body from the heels all the way up to your head. Since feet are so important, you definitely need to get the right pair of shoes for the activities you engage in.
Despite Rondo’s suspension, Rivers said earlier in the day that he wouldn’t be tempted to rush ailing shooting guard Ray Allen back into the lineup for Game 2.
Rudi
Ok, family has been told as well as (most of) our close friends. I think I can finally make the announcement.
a dancer’s eyes on one spot
Yesterday saw publication of the DCMS Report on phone hacking at News International. Tom Watson MP has been a vigorous investigator in these matters for which he deserves credit. However, according to Louise Mensch MP, he managed to break the committee on party lines by inserting a line about Mr Murdoch not being “a fit and proper person”. This was despite the fact that such a conclusion seems to have been outwith the terms of reference of the Committee. However, as Parliament is sovereign, it can reach such a conclusion, if it wishes.
Tomorrow, I go to Brigham and Woman's for my almost one year anniversary appointment. I can't believe how far the time has flown. With all the ups and downs I would not change the past year for anything.
We had no money.
And just as it was given me
Exhausting.
“Yes, but we didn’t check for enlargement nor feel for soft and hard spots. This is the only way to do it.”
I have begun to feel better, but family stress has once again placed alot on my shoulders, I a not turning to food this time though. I am just “Staying the course.”
I can not complain. This will be a temporary set back and will make my life better when it's over. I'm sure the real adventure will be even more interesting (like putting in and taking out my contact lenses- I haven't tried that one yet), but I probably won't blog about it much---I hate having to hunt and peck! But who knows- I might! :)
Suffering from chronic wheezing and consistent coughing due to asthma? Worry no more because aromatherapy can free your lungs from discomfort and irritation. When massaged by a professional therapist, aromatherapy can aid your asthma with the use of ginger and peppermint essential oils which are known to be decongestant oils. These oils, are diluted in to carrier oils, are also considered anti-histamines.
I hate that the night ended like this and unfortunately I WILL BEAT MYSELF up over it. Over-analyzing it, re-thinking it, trying to learn from it. I'm already doing that. See, I normally give her the 5-minute warning before something is going to end. Like "5 more minutes and then we need to start cleaning up" or "5 more minutes and then we need to head home."
Toor dal: ¼ cup
Happy sewing
5pm – more martinis…..
Stay tuned for another big announcement from ILL BILL this week!
Do you like the lace I added on the apron??.....I am a girl!!!
But then life got in the way and things changed and didn't go the way I had planned....God made different plans for me.
“Well first, I have to get rid of this pooh and it might as well not go to waste, so to speak.”
7. BaubleBar Metro Pearl Studs - These aren’t your Grandma’s pearl earrings. The coiled 22K white gold-plated rhodium adds an unexpected contemporary feel to these beautiful earrings that prevents them from verging too closely on syrupy sweet.
Mr Turton was suspended by the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) last week after being prevented from presenting a paper in which he concludes that South Africa is "heading for a significant crisis in the water sector".
Normal POV
I said that, having read the novel previously, this time I had read it very carefully, trying to see which of those two interpretations held water, but that I had found that neither did, and the places where it all came unstuck were in the conversations with Mrs Grose which were unfathomable in their ambiguity. It was often impossible, I found, to know exactly how to assess Mrs Grose: when she was being sincere in her sympathies, or when she was perhaps humouring the governess over her belief in the ghosts. The extent of the unreliability of the governess-narrator was not always clear. Others in the group nodded in agreement. I said that on the whole I came down on the side of the psychological interpretation (James was a psychological novelist, after all), but that there was one particular scene where that simply doesn't hold water at all. After the governess sees the 'ghost' of Quint looking in through the dining-room window, she describes his very distinctive appearance - red hair, strange little whiskers - in great detail to Mrs Grose, who immediately recognises the description (with apparent horror) as that of Quint, the master's previous valet. At this precise point the governess has never even heard of Quint and has yet to be told that he is dead. This would seem to indicate that in the objective terms of the novel, the ghost does indeed exist as an objective reality. It had seemed to me that the only conclusion to draw was that a novelist as conscious as James and unlikely to make a mere mistake, must thus, as some critics have concluded, be deliberately creating an ambiguity of possibilities. However, I now wondered if John could be right, and we all reconsidered the novel in the light of his suggestion.
which was opposed to us,
“This is obviously a Cabalist move at trickery and deception,” said Fulford. “These sick people, these mass murders and clone mongers, they will do anything to stop the new financial system from going widespread. They want all the money for themselves. They don’t know how to run a planet. They don’t even make quality clones.”
Active lines will ensure that updates arе received and communication with оthеr online participants іѕ guaranteed. A keyboard аnd mouse іѕ recommended. The mouse wіth scroll wheel iѕ recommended fоr the ultra setting аlоng with thе multiple buttons feature.
She doesn’t because she has boring unresolved emotional issues. But you can see from the way she washes pots as if she’s masturbating, and can’t unglue her peepers from his arse at all times, that she’ll, by any god available, get him at banged some point soon. From the moment he leaves his tour of duty after finding a photo of Schilling (an act which inadvertently saves his life) to the moment he embeds himself in her life and, er, bed, it’s all a heated dash through run-of-the-mill wish-fulfilment fluff of the kind mechanically peddled in every Nicholas Sparks adaptation (see The Notebook, Nights in Rodanthe, Dear John). What sets it ever-so-slightly apart is the manner in which director Scott Hicks frames the story. He has a deft hand with frame composition that elevates any given instance of romantic sun-dappled cosiness. His direction often positions characters at unusual angles and distances within the film frame that effectively assist the cheese-baked narrative; it even helps usher events forward as efficiently as possible within the just-a-bit-too-long running time. The cinematography was the real standout, however: Alar Kivilo lights everything with a crisp beauty that doesn’t lean too heavily toward treacle or too longingly on the homely visual arrangements. All that golden, gleaming daylight is – rather surprisingly for a Sparks flick – held in check via Kivilo’s uncommonly spare work. I was impressed how handsome the film looked and how it restrained from too much schmaltzy over-indulgence.
Title: Hook, Line, and Sinker
death of all this dying, with its impeccable
13.) Blue Oyster Cult - Hot Rails to Hell - Buck Dharma has to be on the list somewhere.
- Organic Bamboo Pod: These are made with 70% Organic bamboo and 30% Organic cotton. They are very soft and very absorbent.
I was going to hold off on buying this book for a few weeks. My to-read pile is enormous at the moment (I have two full shelves in my bookcase to read and don’t get me started on all the kindle books I have waiting for me).
Overall most of the products I tried were pretty good. This is a large line of products, and the intentions isn’t for people to buy everything. Rather, you are to pick and choose what works for you and the way you train. For myself, I could see the gel and the protein powder being the two products that I would use the most.
Butcher's prose is generally no-nonsense with flashes of pure poetry, and this was something I greatly enjoyed as well. It was surprising to me that this came mostly in the arena of romance! Butcher might well have a career as a romance author in front of him *grins*. The growing relationship between Tavi and Kitai is just beautiful - very touching moments as they hold each other before battle, and also very prosaic moments when Kitai will puncture Tavi's times of pride, just because she can.
Round cookie cutters
As for me and baby #2 we are doing good, just getting bigger each day! I have heartburn like crazy (though still not as bad as it was with Noah) I have also been having braxton hicks.. something I never had (or never knew i had) when I has prego with Noah. I am always out of breath and I have a really hard time chasing Noah around. Haha. I definitely think pregnancy the 2nd time around is harder, because I am not only growing a baby full time, I am also raising a crazy toddler. And I they say, oh you are tired now just wait til you have a newborn! But I seriously think that even when I have a sleepless newborn it will be easier than growing this baby! :) I have been blessed, I am healthy and happy and have a loving &supportive husband and family. I don't have one single stretch mark, and best of all my sweet baby is healthy and doing great! One thing no one every told me was that I would lose bladder control. *TMI* Seriously, I know I have posted about this before, but it honestly gets worse and worse the more baby grows! It's getting ridiculous! I have more accidents than my un-potty trained 2 year old! LOL It's not quite that bad yet, but I am anticipating it. Trevor says he is going to buy me some depends for mother's day. I tell you what, growing a baby (and then of course, delivering that baby) is not a pretty thing! Anyways, we are down to singe digit weeks now, a few days less than 9 weeks! Woo! I can't wait to meet this little one! We have most of our baby stuff out and I am planning on getting the rest out probably this weekend. Oh ya, and we still don't have a name for this baby yet. But to be honest I probably wouldn't tell anyone what his name was if we did have one. But with Noah, he didn't have a name until about 30 min before we left the hospital, so we don't have a very good track record for naming our kids.The pic below was me at 30 weeks I believe.
I recommend the party hold a leadership vote as early as possible in the New Year, on approximately the same timelines as in 2003, so that our new leader has ample time to reconsolidate our team, renew our party and our program, and move forward towards the next election.
Hughes reports the average age of convicts was 27, and that due to extreme deprivation, 1 man in 10 died on the Third Fleet's voyage, with the rest "so emaciated, so worn away", they were unfit to work. Some 162,000 prisoners were thus sent to Australia before transportation ended in 1853 (Hughes 73, 105, 143).
“Yes, Veronica loves her animals. It’s a bit like a zoo down here. But it keeps her happy.”
You are the one in authority. It is your responsibility to put off the old man—the unregenerate man that you were before you accepted Jesus. The Holy Spirit does the actual work in you, but you must make the decision to allow Him to do it. God has never forced His will on any person. You put off the old man. You use the Word of God to renew your mind. You put on the new man, which is created in righteousness and true holiness.
Is my attention span getting shorter as I get older and busier and more jaded? Do I need lots of insightful illustrations and formatted text telling me what is important? Do I have to be grabbed in the project summary and/or first paragraph of the project description or else I have trouble being interested in the proposal? Answers at the end of this post.
What then can content-owning industries do? Digital rights management (DRM) has had some successes, for example Sky. The Sony Rootkit infected people's computers, which was a bit of a disaster. Young computer users have the energy and the skill to get round DSM with not too much effort. Bars to access are also accused of infringing human rights. How then do we monetise our creativity? The Americans seem to be able to do it -- and they criticise our failure to do so.
I write these words not as a fairly ordinary attempt to write a modern fairy story but as a cautionary tale of taking the time to smell the roses. Or, in this case, the hops, malt and yeast. You see, I learned something the other night about being both a Beer Bloke and being a Dad.
Using the new tracking system, at The Biblioblog Reference Library to keep count of over 350,000 page views, here are this month’s rankings.
But if you go carrying pictures of chairman Mao
Over $200 was raised for Autism Speaks and Contra Costa Food Bank in memory of Bill Brand.
12. This Is This - Weather Report / 7:09
"You bellowed uncle?" Marious' attitude was enough to set Gabriel off. He was amused and willing to show it, something he knew would aggravate the great General. Gabriel was never one to put up with familiarity from his troops. Marious hardly cared, the war was over, and he was not one of his uncle's troops. He was a diplomat, when he chose to be, or his King ordered it.
your intuition level spikes and your brain computes 1o times as faster.
A few other photos from my week:
That, sir, is how we roll.
Arachnophobia
of the Sultan.
Annika, Erika, and I went to Splash Island. I was wearing a swimsuit that was a tube top with thin strings holding it up. The strings weren’t doing a good job, so I had to constantly lift my swimsuit up lest my boobs get exposed. Annika started calling me Boobsalinda, even going so far as to sing “Boobsalinda ay amor, ay amor!”
Whitstable Bay - (Golden ale) 5.0% ABV
“Thank you,” Alice stammered, “Thank you ever so much.”
I can't have music on when I'm writing. I've read that other authors like to have music on, and that they have the equivalent of a movie soundtrack that goes with their book; associating certain songs with their novels. But I can't listen to music passively. If there is music on, I find myself tuning in to it, and before I know it I'm humming or singing along to that and not concentrating on the words.
I love movies that make you think and are sort of puzzles in themselves. And that fight scene? You know the one I’m talking about if you’ve scene the film. I’m adding that to my list of best moments of cinematography.
I don't know about you, but I'd like a voice in how those tax dollars are spent. I don't want to bail out unsustainable businesses. Which brings me to the accusation....
Sarawak Report
So I am stuck. When is the 'right' time to have a baby. If there is something I have learned from infertility is that I have NO control over when I will have a baby. So why am I even asking myself when?
Post-Operative Letter carrier
And X is most definitely Xtreme. If you don't like the idea that there is attempted necrophilia by the eighth page then there is no point going any further, this is definitely not the book for you. The mutilations are graphic and the violence is extreme, while X's use of one decapitated head isn't to be dwelt on. It has to be said that a lot of the violent action wouldn't look out of place in a zombie comic, but in such a title that sort of violence is normally inflicted on the dead or the undead, in X it tends to be on live innocent victims, or on police undertaking their duty, which makes it all the more shocking.
7 since
3 stamp sets (1 clear mount set with clear block)
11. Events
And that brings us up to speed. :)
Also I am still waiting on the winner of the Crafty Me blog hop to contact me. Please see that post.
Here is a peek of her home:
According to Beeld, Manyi also told the Steel and Engineering Industries Federation of South Africa on 12 May 2010 that absolute representation is the only measure for employment equity.
Roberts, Michael 2005b “Saivite Symbolism, Sacrifice and Tamil Tiger Rites,” Social Analysis 49: 67-93.
He showed him the way to make certain
We got home that evening feeling quite exhausted and so we had a pajama evening with lots of wine, food and DVDs! We watched Coco Before Chanel which took us by surprise because we weren’t expecting the film to be French with English subtitles, although, on thinking about it, we should probably have realised. ;-)
In a Proposed Treatment Plan issued by IDC, I reportedly need a “posterior composite – 2 surface” on tooth number 2, a “composite resin, 1 surface” on tooth number 26, and a “posterior composite - 1 surface” on several other teeth. These procedures run between $139 and $204 each.
For Crust:
The large zrné bounds toward the outcrop where Arto, Jesamin, Sun, Taliat and Tabash are sheltered. The four Shen and Sun fire on the creature but only Taliat’s Z ray blast connects. The creature is clearly hurt but keeps charging.
As I reflected on our conversation that day, I wondered why her words stuck with me. Could it have been her comfort with whatever form of emotion I chose to express? Her invitation for me to be as real or as vulnerable as I wanted? Maybe it was how she managed to create a safe place for us to talk and exchange more than just information. And I thought about how few places there are in my life where I have permission to come undone.
(oops, I missed marking my 200th post...shoot,(my previous post) I wanted to make a big deal out of it and give something away....oh, well, 300 then)
15 THERE are 44 million child laborers in India, some working 16-hour days.
Spring and summer whooshed by so fast, we have had no time to talk about the fun that happened! Back in June, Dianne Lutz of Creatively Dyed Fibers taught a workshop on how to dye a skein of yarn while bringing her awe-inspiring trunk show. For $75 apiece, everyone attending had the chance to play with the delicious superwash worsted merino with all shade of acid dyes. During this exclusive workshop (only one is held per state), Dianne described what to do and what to avoid in choosing colors to make personalized colorways. The result of that day was lots of happy customers who were able to see her fabulous yarns up close and personal without having to attend a fiber festival.
01. Ex-Darling - Venice Shorline Chris
Solemnization Date: 5 May 2012
On March 1 – March 8, 2012, I went to the Mayan Riviera on the first BCBD Transformation Retreat. This marked the 5th anniversary of BCBD. The months and days leading up to this were pretty intense. There was my lower back sprain about six weeks before the trip which I iced and stretched as often as I could. Then three weeks before the trip, my ankle sprain. I was so scared I wouldn’t be able to go. Luckily, it was no biggie compared to the back. Same drill as the back, just ice and stretch. During this whole time, I was also studying for an exam. It was one week before the trip and once it was done, my free time was dedicated to getting last minute things for the trip.
2. How the demilitarised zone begins
Finally, the chart.
Therefore, if you follow me, please would you update your link to read http://simplysassystyle.blogspot.com/. I'll be moving my posts from this link over there during the week and over the weekend, and from next week, this should link be put to bed.
URBAN ALLIANCE ON RACE RELATIONS – CALL FOR NOMINATIONS, 2010 RACE RELATIONS AWARDS
ATTORNEY: Is your appearance here this morning pursuant to a
Garrison Keillor is an author, radio personality, and humorist. He hosts A Prairie Home Companion, a live weekly (sometimes touring) radio variety show that you can catch Sundays on NPR or you can download the podcast on itunes. Keillor has a lovely voice for radio. I have read two of his books, Homegrown Democrat and Pontoon: A Novel of Lake Wobegon, both were good, and he occasionally writes columns for the Chicago Tribune.
Rohan's questions presuppose an institutional culture well in advance of the one I move in. My blogging is personal rather than professional, and British academia certainly hasn't worked out how it fits into the assessment frameworks we're fitted into. Blogging isn't peer-reviewed, so it's not research. I doubt many of my peers will offer me a promotion on the back of this stream of tedious nitpicking, and tenure doesn't exist over here: we're all pretty much expendable (though I've been invited to undergo 'coaching' for people whose careers are 'in transition' - in transition over a cliff, I suspect).
"I AM THE FACE!"
… that I just don’t get it.
An ambitious task, yes. But remember that Intute and the various projects got through a lot of funding, and we had some fantastic techies within the organisation. The important thing was to get away from wasting money on cataloguing the Internet. This could have been achieved by drastically reducing the amount of effort going into Intute’s Internet resource catalogue, and replacing it with a much, much smaller, and more static guide to essential top websites, which would in turn have been a slightly expanded directory of those resources included in the Virtual Training Suite. The VTS could also have been developed further.
A child will develop verbal skills at first so they can communicate with the loved ones around them. They will begin to cry in order to express pain, a dirty diaper, or hunger. Sometimes they will cry so they can be held. Their verbal skills develop as they grow so they learn more sounds. Soon they are cooing and gurgling which seem to attract attention. Before you know it, a child will be forming words in order to talk and communicate with others around them.
The next thing I noticed was the intelligence. Most bad scripts feel like they were slapped together by someone who keeps “Jackass 3” saved on their Tivo and eats Fruit Loops for dinner. There’s no depth to the writing. There’s nothing about the world they create that you haven’t seen before in other films or TV shows. So it all feels generic. Here, there was a genuine intelligence, uniqueness and understanding of the world in the writing. It was so convincing, in fact, that I called Tyler afterwards and asked him how long he’d been on leave and when he had to go back. He laughed and assured me he’s never been in the military. But I don’t know. I think there’s more to that story.
for a small party or get together and need some ideas in
“Applications for this funding can be made until the end of June 2013 – this is where Ireland is currently getting its funding from and therefore will not be considered a new applicant when the ESM is due to take effect, so we will not be subject to its conditionality for future funding.”
Tonight, I'll transfer the Poor Richard's Ale to the secondary. (I should have done this 5 days ago, but what the heck, I've been busy).
By Michael Mooney & Jim Webb
Tam skelpit (rode with careless speed) on through dub and mire,
Well, on thursday I arrived home to a new dvd from lovefilm – fully expecting it to be my next disk in the Boston Legal series that my OH & I are watching (& loving!), only, it was Water for Elephants. I popped it into my laptop tonight (I just finished watching it about 10 minutes ago) & was drawn in all over again! This is a brilliant movie that stayed so true to the book. Ok, I wasn’t fond of the choice of Robert Pattinson to play Jacob Jancowski & I had been pretty worried about the choice of Reece Witherspoon as Marlena, but I needn’t have worried.
They're everywhere. I'm not sure, but I think they may even be more numerous than people. That's right. Dabie to people ratio in my estimation = 3:1. I feel like they may take over the town at any moment and start making me eat Eukanuba with luke-warm water poured on it while I watch them eat bacon. I literally just saw a woman with two dogs wrapped up in one of those African sheets so they would be all snuggled against her like infants.
Isaiah 48:6 “You have heard; see all this. And will you not declare it? I have made you hear new things from this time, even hidden things, and you did not know them.”
This doesn't do what a query letter must do: entice me to read on.
*As he was eating lunch the other day, Isaac said, "We need to send the Operation Christmas Child kid some food. We could send it on one of our plates."
In London, Ont., there was violence and rioting, the ostensible cause being St. Patrick’s Day. In Toronto’s middle-class High Park, a highly expensive and enormously popular children’s playground was burned to the ground.
Records — Rye 7-1; Horace Greeley 2-7.
What keeps me sane right now is hoping this dreary,and sometimes violent rainy season we have been suffering through will end soon. This has been a crazy Spring season,and I know it has effected farmers which in turn will effect our food prices. I am usually not a hot weather person, but with all of this flooding and tornado's I am ready for Summer.
Everytime we read about the “cost” of the war, it’s always in Amerocentric terms: We’ve spent almost $523 billion. Almost 2000 Americans have been killed and another 15,300 wounded. 1000 NATO troops have lost their lives. NO mention of how much the war has cost the Afghans. Shows that even so-called “progressives” hold this racist view.
Fast forward 2 years and we are about as relevant as relevant and fresh as Margaret Thatcher. I can’t speak for the other two dimwits who write this blog with me, but personally the biggest challenge has been avoiding the general rhetoric that one sees in oped pages in our newspapers. Everyone has an opinion and thinks that they are right, without quantifying it with research. In an ideal world, I would like to write on things with a solid base of research, but having a job tends to get in the way of that (not to mention I don't write for a newspaper!)
“My advice when shopping would be to think when you shop- where it comes from, how it got here, how much packaging does it have, what was used to produce it, and say ‘no’ to plastic bags”
ASEAN must strengthen its cooperation on extraterritorial legal processes to combat modern threats to the region’s security, says Deputy Prime Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin.
Citing poor health:
I've been pretty busy with work, my little family and celebrating upcoming events with friends.
Task 2: set up twitter account @VampireDawn. Tick.
Keywords: Paranormal Romance
Then what did my wandering eyes find? Matching placemats. There were only 2, bummer; but I'm going to look in the big city when we go. You'll never guess the price of these little lovelies -- 48 cents. I repeat, 48 CENTS!
A microphone is actually a miniature speaker. It works like the human ear; it “listens” for sound waves, then translates and reproduces the signal to send it to the brain (or sound system). Until it a microphone is used to magnify a person’s voice, it is just a speaker. A microphone is great for certain applications: events where a speaker or singer need to be heard or for grabbing someone’s attention. The problem is that unless it is a message that a person is listening for or wants to hear (such as a concert that the person has paid for), the message can get tuned out just like all of the other noise in our lives.
Some time late last year I got an email from an editor at Quirk Books publishing company (Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, Creepy Cute Crochet, Witch Craft) asking for my contribution to their new book, Micro Crafts, due to be released in Fall 2011. I think I almost fainted. I knew I wasn't entirely grasping the reality of the idea then, but things are moving so fast now - the contract's signed, the deliverables have been sent, photos have been taken and now we're into marketing the book to popular bookstores across the United States.
looking vibrant and well.
1 brackets
Renaming this post to Open Forum on Dandelion Salad.
Last fall, I worked on a film called ‘On Frozen Ground’. It is based on the investigation and apprehension of Alaska’s serial killer, Robert Hansen. We shot on location in Alaska – actually in the exact town where I grew up. This project has been a highlight for me on three key levels.
"Chim-pan-zees wan-na be free!"
The green lacy border has been laying around in my craft room for a couple of years. Not sure of the brand. It's glittery and self adhesive but I had a hard time getting all of the intricate pieces to release from the design, so I just let them be. The title is from the Cricut cartridge A Child's Year and I embossed it with the Cuttlebug tiny mosaic folder. I wrapped some funky yarn around the edge of the picture to hide some REALLY BAD stitching that I had attempted but failed at it.
Steel cut oats, cooked with water, then add bananas or blueberries & a little almond milk & sometimes a tiny bit of honey.
'...what happened to me is a purely private matter. In another time, in another place it might be held to be a public matter. But in this place, at this time, it is not. It is my business, mine alone.'
Inspiration: Round Four of the NPR Challenge, which required writers to submit short stories using four words: button, fly, trick, and plant.
In Chicago’s case there were two factors: One is that Chicago is simply the biggest, so it inherits the title of Magnet City of the Midwest. That gave it an edge. But it’s just as true that Mayor Daley the First had a clear idea that people would want to live downtown, and he made it possible for developers to acquire land there. Similarly to what New York City and Philadelphia did, he offered tax incentives to help the city center come back. Now, you can waste a lot of money on tax incentives if no one wants to live downtown. The market has to be right.
grows substantial and
“I am Bjroknorenstienalar.”
"The Bonanza hosts more than 130 juried "junk" vendors of vintage finds, beautiful antiques, one-of-a-kind and artisan-repurposed pieces. The 2010 gathering included more than 10,000 visitors who found their special treasure at the three-day, indoor, event."
When I moved to Shoreham, a tree on the crest of the eastern side of the valley caught my eye. It rose higher than the others, and wasn't afraid of doing so. It was the one with the crazy hairstyle, the rebel. I wanted to get to know it.
"Obama did not name this old girlfriend even with a pseudonym— she was just “a woman” or “my friend.” That she remained publicly unidentified throughout his rise to national prominence became part of the intrigue of his New York period’s “dark years” narrative. His physical description was imprecise but close. Genevieve is five-seven, lithe and graceful, with auburn-tinged brown hair and flecks of brown, not green, in her hazel eyes. Her voice was confident and soothing. Like many characters in the memoir, he introduced her to advance a theme, another thread of thought in his musings about race."
Me: The blanket talk?
Buenos Aires has it all and my experiences there made it one of my favorite places in the world. Whether you go for the food, people or thumping night life, she won’t disappoint. Even though it’s been more than a year since I’ve left, the memories of her are still fresh in my mind. That’s because you never completely leave.
The average Bombay cabbie, especially the one who has lived in the city for a long time, is not easily hassled. He will not talk much, listening quietly while you speak, occasionally nodding, and other times silent, rarely acknowledging what you might have to say. And when he speaks it will be to nod in agreement with your assertion whatever it maybe, while keeping an eye out for jaywalkers on the busy road. Chances are he will own an old taxi and know every lane that goes anywhere in Bombay. Elderly cabbies are more likely to own the older of the Padmini Premiers. The ubiquitous yellow and black taxis and their elderly drivers are an underlying narrative of the lanes that intersect and connect city lives. In phasing out Padmini Premiers older than twenty five years a certain dignity the elder among the generation of Bombay cabbies brought to the city street could soon be a thing of the past.
While SCOTUS is NOT directly elected (neither is POTUS either btw), they are nominated according to due constitutional process by a democratically elected President, and CONFIRMED by a democratically elected Senate and because of this their existence on the bench is well defined and valid within the unique quasi democratic experience that is US Government. SCOTUS is as valid with our representative democracy as the other forms of representation we have.
The ad read: 1 year old black cat. Female. Half Siamese. R50.
Recommendation $ 8,500
Mr Palmer has signed a first-stage agreement with Nanjing province’s CSC Jinling Shipyard to build the ship as part of a planned fleet of luxury liners. As Palmer’s investments include property, coal, metals, soccer, and horses, you can see that he’s a philanthrope only in the sense that his definition of philanthropy is pretty eccentric….and eclectic.
By twice displaying a peace officer’s preference for de-escalation, Perez had established himself as a repeat offender. He was purged from the APD, a department that has since done much to distinguish itself – in the face of fierce and plentiful competition — as one of the most abusive in the country.
I am really not a crier – despite the evidence of the last few months I rarely cry. However, I seem to have hit a tear duct. As I sit up Simon checks the back of my head which is now bleeding somewhat. I stagger up.
FCR states that the company "now owns or controls 90 percent of the land needed for Atlantic Yards" and that "assistance will be provided to any residential tenants who may be displaced by the development." Unmentioned is that assistance is limited, with some tenants offered rent differentials for only three years, which might be long before they could move into the new development.
Any Gr. 11 students interested in serving as next year’s Yearbook Editor(s), Finance Chairperson or Photographer, please see Shelley Tremere by Mon., May 7.
with a small succulent. If you plant
The stomps that woke me in the middle of the night.....
The Heptones - Sufferers Time
At an early age, van Beethoven, took an interest in music and his father taught him day and night, on returning to the house from music practice or the tavern. Without a doubt, the child was gifted and his father Johann, envisaged creating a new Mozart, a child prodigy.
By the time the apostle reached the Roman prison, he had received the full revelation of the gospel of the grace of God. Now he was putting into practise the work of God’s grace in his own life. He was setting for us the example how we ought to live in God’s grace. That, according to 2 Timothy 3:12, requires some degree of suffering. “Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.”
Chantilly lace meets rock ‘n’ roll for Ashleigh and Kristopher’s Sacramento area wedding. The bride has always loved all things pink and girly but doesn’t want to overpower her husband-to-be who loves rock and roll with too many frills and bows, so their wedding décor has to have its fair share of hard-edged design elements as well.
Why’d the scale do that to you?
Me, well I will need to adjust my schedule and my plans for the day.
salam.
Beelzebub 145 (32:01 – 33:54)
250g Water
I'll see you in a while, dear friends.
I felt free, released, and a little sad. The messy, complicated process of forgiveness was worth it in the end.
The first book has to be the best one you can make it. I love series potential as do publishers, but make sure all the main loose ends are tied up in this first book. If you are writing a trilogy, I would say something in your cover letter like, ‘the book has series potential’ – but don’t tell me all about books two and three. Let me enjoy one first.
If you're sick - if you're contagious, then don't go to a public place. Leave me out of your disease-ridden coughs. Honestly.
For this Friday, more photographs of the Golden Girls slumbering after a long run.
3. to make the streusel: in a medium-sized bowl, combine 4 tbsp butter, both sugars, cinnamon, and salt with a large fork. then add in the flour and mix with your fingers until crumbly.
2 Tablespoons of Liquid Glycerin (I got some from the chemist, yes here in Singapore)
The Big Dogz use these signs as guidelines — something to start investigating. As with all performance problems, you will first want to check the person’s ability to do the task assigned. Of course, the Big Dogz do that when they give a SMART objective; but if that assessment was incorrect, now is a good time to adjust. Use the performance feedback process to get the person’s action plan to bring performance back in line with your expectation. Include in your analysis, the workload, the priority in the team for this task and other factors that may affect the person’s ability to perform. Help the person to take action to fix these issues.
I very rarely see anyone else riding, but we spotted a horse and rider on the way back.
to even touch that Bradford Pear.
Wow - this challenge really grabbed your imagination and we had some really good scenes as a result. The great quality made it harder than ever to pick the top three (we wish we could pick you all as you were all very good - so well done everyone), but without further ado here are our choices this time:
She is tougher than she looks.
So in the spirit of killing two birds with one stone, I've set out to check off these two to-does, with this one blog post!
That’s right, one of the other supporting characters is Celty Sturluson, a Dullahan who has literally lost her head and is working in Japan as an underground courier for gangs and crooks in exchange for leads on where to find it. For an ominous folkloric spirit, Celty’s not too bad though, and the first couple episodes have her foiling an attempted abduction.
When planning our meals for this wk. I grabbed one of my cookbooks(a Gooseberry Patch, for instance), got out a little notepad, wrote down the pg. number and beside it, the name of the recipe I'd like to try. Any ingredients I didn't have was written down on a separate grocery list. Then I went through my coupons to match up ingredients that needed to be bought. Waa-la!! it's been a hit so far!!
Friday
I’d also really encourage you to check out the rest of Nintendojo’s “Best of 2011″ articles, especially The Many Worlds of Majora’s Mask (Zelda’s got much more in common with Shrodinger’s Cat than you might think!), and our exclusive interview with legendary composer David Wise. They’re all awesome articles written by absolutely amazing writers, and I can’t think of a better way to start off 2012. So do yourself a favour and get reading! I’ll be back later in the week with some more news on my GameXplain feature. Until then, have a great new year!
EYE PROBLEMS
German Chamomile 4.26.12
I got mixed reviews on my photo-on-wood-slice project last week. Some liked it, some really seemed to hate it. But everyone was nice about it, so thanks for that. ;)
What were your musical influences when you formed?
In conclusion, it is possible that the design may be declared invalid in the future. The legal issue at stake would then fall under the realms of unfair competition rather than of industrial property rights.
The robber was handed over to police, who believe he was also involved in other purse snatching cases around the Cukai area of Northeast Malaysia.
I then find myself standing beside the canal. I’m looking in whilst looking out. I’ve followed a path that runs alongside this watery haven; it’s overgrown in places with weeds and trees, nettles fighting for dominance whilst brambles strangle the life out of the small pockets of colour. I feel like I need to contemplate the mysteries of the universe, but manage to change me mind, there’s no need for that now, it’s a nice day after all. Passers-by give me a wide birth. I don’t look right, don’t look together.
And on top of all that, Scarface gives Shu a transmitter, so Shu can call in the government next time he’s around Gai – if he so chooses to, of course. And Shu takes it! Man, crossed motives and conspiring all up in this episode.
I fall in love every time I have a real conversation that brings real mirth into my eyes. Maybe this is why I can never again have a woman consistent enough to have one of those conversations every day with me. I’m spread too thin now. My equal opportunity loving stems from the self loathing, my hunger for a real connection, my thirst for the one that got away.
We will leave the story at this point as the brothers ready themselves for their journey to the underworld. They seem to have already resigned themselves to their fate. Would they be able to come out successful in an encounter they have lost even before it has begun? In the next episode we will follow them on their journey to the underworld.
Forget Beverly Hills, it’s more likely to be Butlin’s. If you want the reality, then look at the pay packet of a chef in the UK. A lowly commis chef gets about £13,000, whereas an experienced sous chef trousers as much as £28,000 a year - about the average salary in the trade.
We've been instructed to wear some spring colours to the taping - no mutes and no busy patterns, which has been tricky for me cause I love my muted tones... Never one to shy away from a challenge though, I headed out to J Crew and got myself some colour - yes, a fluoro pink sweater and peep toe pumps! Too much, you think? Well, one things for sure, I wont be missed!
Congratulations, punk
I can’t really complain because I didn’t have to move anything heavy, I felt bad for the moving “crew”. Our last apartment has an elevator while this one doesn’t and it’s on the third floor, one of the guys was hardly breathing by the end of the job. They moved everything but the kitchen, because we were lazy and didn’t pack that on friday, so my husband moved those heavy and fragile boxes!
One thing just became clear to me about meditation and meditative prayer. Speaking for myself, when through chanting and meditation and listening I am try to silence the mind, what I am really doing is seeking my innocence. Because it seems my thoughts are almost always lying to me and I am almost always believing those lies. I am almost always asking my soul to wear a garment that doesn't fit. My soul seeks its innocence, I seek to lay down the weight of lies. My soul wants no gift more than the gift of its own innocence.
If you happen to find this album for less than $50, consider yourself lucky. This rip is from a mono version (it seems almost impossible to find a stereo version) that was in excellent condition when it arrived on the doorstep. In fact, the original shrinkwrap was fully intact and only removed so the cover could be properly scanned for posterity. You can have your own personal powwow with Jeannie, Peanuts and the QTB by checking out the comments.
No, the best thing to do would be to skip the tilapia fins and look to Bordeaux wine as the best replacement for shark fins. Yes, that sounds very strange. How will adding wine to soup replicate shark fins? It won't! Rather, we need to understand the rationale behind shark fin soup, to look beyond the dish itself and look deeper into its symbolism.
Frozen Art/de Broglie Butterfly, Samij Datta, 2012
Looking just how far we’ve come
I pushed on through the next few days even though with every moment of silence came thoughts of him. I began to believe that I was missing him. I would draft letters in my head of apologies. I wondered what would happen if I text him. I thought about calling. I came across a note he left right before I moved and we broke up. It says, "If you get lonely or bored at your new place, just remember that I am thinking of you so you are not really alone. I love you always." And another that said, "I miss you already". I started wondering if he really was missing me.
Who dost the tongue with power imbue.
furniture with crowns on it, etc. Its just too much.
Can people, the Church, or any of those who profess to be Christians ever hope to see the body of Christ "grow in building itself up in love" as St. Paul writes? What ligament is strong enough to hold together two different worlds travelling in opposite directions as the Anglican Communion appears to be trying to do?
During the 2000s, is the time of the year I gained internet access at home, and needless to say, my list of watched anime skyrocketed. In such times, anime like Darker Than Black, Code Geass, Shakugan no Shana, Clannad, Aria and the likes come to mind. And in all honesty, Aria takes the win.
1900s: E.M. Forster’s “The Machine Stops”: Part of me is arguing for H.G. Wells’s A Modern Utopia here, and I even picked Jack London’s The Iron Heel as my 1900s novel in the original exercise. However, Forster’s prescient story seems like a great starting point–especially for students living in this internet-saturated, information-on-demand era. One could set it up in lecture by referencing it as response to Wells’s utopian works, which would allow for some background on the transition from utopian modes to a predominantly dystopian tendency (and this response to Wells’s influence is obviously an ongoing point in the texts that follow–maybe I would have to cheat and teach Wells too).
want…andrew caneigie used it and he became
The point here is that there isn’t necessarily one right way to raise tax revenue – you can generate $50 billion a year in many different ways; the question then becomes one of the relative merit of the different options.
As far as the difference, well, here are some before and afters for you:
Until the inevitable end does come, that flaw in the English character which would rather not make a fuss takes control, and whilst they do not have to confront a problem it is easier to ignore it. I don't think they are “Blissfully unaware of the problem”, after all many will have moved away from the urban areas because of the problem, but whilst they can't see it, it is easier not to think about it. Also, if they rely on the mainstream media they will know very little about what is really going on.
and possibly solve the problem of world hunger.
So I took the Jeopardy online test yesterday and I was all excited. I’ve been kind of practicing for a week or so, doing a lot of trivia in my spare time. So when 9:00 p.m. rolled around I was amped up, but then I got a little caught up in the moment and right off the bat, I forgot that Louis XIV was the Sun King. I know that fact, but I couldn’t remember his name so instead I wrote Charles.
I also think that although gender discourse is relatively established in fine art theory, sound art also draws on music and, popular music studies apart, as musicologist Susan McClary has observed “music lags behind the other arts; it picks up ideas from other media just when they have become outmoded.” In electroacoustic and electronic music in particular a lot of the theory revolves around technology.
Any additional words of wisdom?
The truth is- it was simply God. But we all know that when the Lord is involved it is never simple. So let me share our story...
The one good thing of all of this is that Punxsutawney Phil was unable to see his shadow (could he even see past his nose?) and Spring will soon be on it's way.
Days like this feel full and magical, for all sorts of reasons...
(Some of you may remember this post from a few weeks ago. We still have this item)!
The petit fours include chilli pate de fruits. "Chilli is a fruit!" Pig Flyin' reminds us. These homemade jellies are a treat - providing a gentle crescendo of heat beneath the coating of sugar crystals.
After the ceremony, a feast was brought to each table. There was one alarming moment where I was enjoying this dish with beef slices and snow peas. om nom nom – BUT THEN this dude at our table says something to my old roommate Zhangjie and shes suddenly like “oh te he he, that isn’t beef!! *dramatic pause* ” I swear at that moment my entire body froze and my heart skipped a beat or two. I sat there with my fork half way to my mouth, completely frozen still, my adrenaline pumping…
I was impressed by the nurse who drew a blood sample and did the EKG; pleasant and efficient. The young man who took the x-rays was the same.
Those Lego folks sure understand how to keep the little ones entertained! If only there had been a few more chairs for the sighing, tired, eye-rolling, “they should sell beer at this thing” moms like me…
You love your cloth diapers. At least I pretend you do. You really do seem to hate disposables. I don't think you like the crunchiness. Your bottom is high maintenance.
… In 2007, a few months after Santorum was ousted from the Senate in a landslide defeat, he accepted an invitation from right-wing provocateur David Horowitz to speak at “Islamo-Fascism Campus Awareness Week.” As I documented in my video report on Horowitz’s appearance at Columbia University that year, “Islamo-Fascism” week was a naked ploy to generate publicity for the frenetically self-promoting Horowitz while demonizing Muslim-Americans as a dangerous fifth column who required constant government monitoring and possibly worse. The event was so extreme that even Jewish groups like Hillel known for promoting Zionism on campus rejected it.
You make this all worthwhile.
Or does anybody even know she’s going down today?
The Carver: Beauty is a curse on the world. It keeps us from seeing who the real monsters are.
As much as I love visiting new cities, I’m glad to be back in nature. There’s something therapeutic about taking a walk and only hearing your footsteps and birds calling out to each other. Don’t get me wrong, cities inspire me. They are a showcase of mankind’s accomplishments. But, nature gives you a better understanding of the world we all live in. And, like it or not, we are all a part of nature.
Combine flour and salt in a covered plastic container. Add chicken tenders, cover and shake to coat. Add chicken wing sauce to container and continue shaking until wings are coated.
After backing the US invasion of Iraq, and with British troops in Afghanistan, Britain remains a target for acts of terrorism. London transport bombings in 2005 killed 52 people.
One day, while chatting with a Malay friend on a cooking topic, I brought up a question to her on how to cook tomato rice. She taught me on the steps and ingredients, I memorized it, shopped for ingredients that evening, and cooked it on the next day. My friend’s recipe calls for evaporated milk and coconut milk, but I substituted it with creamer powder instead. The outcome? I got very fragrant and moist tomato rice to serve with air-fried chicken chop, vegetarian mutton curry and Japanese cucumber slices. It’s delicious!
While in school, I studied Spanish for many, many years – so much so that I am not fascinated by Spain and all things Spanish and really want to get over there for a long vacation so to tide me over until I get there, I can get bits of Serrano ham at the deli and now, bits of Manchengo cheese! I even want to try paella so badly, but I refuse to let my first experience with paella be outside of a reputable restaurant in Spain! That’s how much I want to go there! Anyways, I have always heard about how amazing Manchengo cheese is but I wasn’t quite prepared to be blown off my feet completely!
It's unique because it has a slightly electro rock version of a Moby track that he did for this compilation only - so you can't find it anywhere else. And it's quite good.
Enter problem 2: Romeo was PETRIFIED of water.
The Yale Initiative for the Interdisciplinary Study of Antisemitism (YIISA), established in 2006 as the first institute of its kind that dealt particularly with research on antisemitism was shut down by Yale University a few days ago. YIISA made a routine application for a five-year renewal of its status, which Yale University then denied.
and I sat down and made sure I had everything in
Anyway, Russell Brand’s book has a very funny dedication. Honestly, have a look.
1/4 cup agave nectar
Gotta love those American style shaker pints the brews are served in! Just the right size I reckon! Lots of stone fruitiness and citrusy hoppy goodness on the nose... Very smooth and full bodied going down, Nice bitter twang at the end and extremely refreshing. Awesome beer to look at too! Good head retention and a wonderful golden orangey colour of the beer itself! Excellent beer- The Hangman became my default go to brew for the rest of the night!
Saturday, October 23, 5pm - 9pm
I gather from several sources that were there that he made a particular fool of himself ranting at length about this Blog, Junius and Andrew Edwards, who have been lampooning him and telling members the provable truth for some time.
Tomorrow night at 8 PM, I will choose 2 people (using the random numero generator) to win any 2 things from my Shops! :)
I ran down the slope, onto the beach, it was Easter Sunday; gatherings of family dotted the huge sand planes, with children, dogs…
Faison’s concern is promoting universal broadband access. It’s estimated about 10 percent of the state’s population, mostly in rural and remote areas, lacks access to high-speed Internet. Still, the networks being developed by local governments largely overlap with existing networks.
There on the sports page, was a photo of the supposedly ill employee,
01 Shepherd (Nightride, 22 February 1970)
Gotta heart when cute meets organized! Wahoo!
just show me a way my babe to look after.
I really like how this chair came out (maybe not as much as the outhouse from the last post, but it is still nice). Notice the texturing on the fabric. This was made by taking my blender pen and dabbing it, straight down with the brush nib, after I had finished coloring the basic green layer. For those of you who are studying shadows, you'll notice that there are two light sources, hence the two faint shadows under each chair leg.
About a month ago I stumbled upon a “Bears” blog. People were asking this man about how he got so large, why he did it, and if he was healthy. After sifting through many Q&As I found a picture of this man. A before and an after picture. The before was him in 2007 at a shocking 120 pounds. The after picture was of him on the first day of 2012 at a staggering 310 pounds. This man had made a conscious decision to gain 190 pounds. In many of his updates about his successes he mentioned that he was perfectly healthy. Blood pressure was normal, no pain, his lungs were in working order, and he felt better than ever.
That's very green, isn't it? Using the exhaust of the steam engine to heat the water tanks. I can't help trying to fit the numbers together any time I read a passage of Barnard that includes any. To mash and underlet - the initial phase of the mashing process - about 3 barrels of water are needed per quarter. So 80 quarters would require 240 barrels. Or the exact capacity of the two hot water tanks. That's reassuring.
Triton 12 oz bottles are trickling in to the market! Keep you eyes peeled for The Fieldhouse Wheat, Magnificent Amber and Railsplitter in local retailers and available in our tasting room.
He'll be looking at my right.
Author: Nigel Sellars
Always seems to know
But what I got was a film confused about its own identity.
Remember, these agencies were all perceived as part of the gatekeeper clan of publishing, and I think it’s cynical to suggest that they are all motivated by new profit streams. Unlike publishers, agents harbour the origin, and not the bounty alone. They remain closer to the interests of the author and are more mindful of the potential for authors to connect directly with readers and sellers alike. Right now, at the top poker table, authors still need guidance, mentoring and champions. What they can do without is a large cumbersome publisher – come book packager. If anyone is about to fall off the top poker table on the next bid – it’s publishers.
Henry is also, shall we say active and curious. The boy loves to move and get into everything and anything he can get his little hands on. Changing his diaper, getting him dressed, feeding him a bottle all take extra work on our part as he just wants to move the ENTIRE time! Kick, grab, wiggle….there is no sitting still during the waking hours for this child.
These are some of the pictures I took this morning.
I've not listened to it in years. It was quite a shock. I can't remember bugger all of it. Not even the tracks that inspired the poetry I burned on reaching nineteen.
the whole, were strictly foodstuff or organs for connoisseurs and
The first article kicking off the EU CII Discussion Forum was supplied by Dr. Jacques Michel, former Vice-President of the European Patent Office and member of IIPI's Board of Advisors. In his article, Dr. Michel provides an overview of the controversy surrounding the proposed CII Directive. Dr. Michel will be a regular contributor to the Discussion Forum, but several other guest authors will also be featured. While IIPI is a US-based organization, articles posted on EU CII Discussion forum will come primarily from European authors.
The whole story comes to a very satisfying conclusion. I really can believe in Violet’s catharsis and her healing because Nielsen has been building toward it throughout the book. And though I’m not a George Clooney fan, his role in the ending made even me melt a little.
he smiled and exclaimed he did too. I think I made a buddy!
And the verse also reminds me, how could I forget all the bountiful blessings I have received in my life, all the answered prayers, His wonderful plans for me, everything that I have, just because I cannot have just one small thing?
Finance and Administration Cabinet
The first thing I did was the sentiment. I tend to do this as it gives the base of the design.
"What the hell is your typewriter doing out there?! Grab it!" Shouts a laughing Christine!
14-Flee-Rekkers - Bitter Rice
But I have to carry on, friends I’ve renewed, a lover I now askew
~ Kahiko- The ancient Hula was a way of communicating with the Gods. It is accompanied by chanting, and traditional implements and is performed with respect for our ancestors.
And because I am in the running for best wife ever, I got up extra early the next morning- yes, even before the kids were up- to finish the bagels so we could have fresh from the oven bagels for breakfast.
So, my rating for this book: 5 stars! Awesome!
The rich-proud cost of outworn buried age
"Release her!" I smacked the metal end of the broomstick on the ground and pretended it was my elven attack staff with a plus twenty chance of a critical hit, like say, in the enemy's crotch.
Negotiating: Purchase of ring and earrings after walking out of the shop TWICE even though we really wanted the items/ Marrakesh
“LORD,” she prayed. “I want to help this boy. Show me what to do.”
Although the story ties up neatly at the end, there clearly lots of possibilities for sequels too (Erin’s past is particularly intriguing). Any plans for a sequel?
Into the person I want to become
Sierra Nevada Celebration
First up, the one and only Jacob Lusk. Jacob’s first shining moment came in Hollywood when he gave this stunning performance of God Bless the Child:
So here are some observations, a look into what I do, and an idea of what your potential service will look like.
We played 44 weeks but counted only 31 because of vacations.
Did you really think I could leave well enough alone?
Well, first things first: double spacing is NOT two spaces between every word, or sentence.
The world is a frustrating place. There are times, when in the midst of shaking my fist in rage at some perceived inequity, that I wish I had the god-like force to make things right. At these times, I am prone to mutter “If I had an army of the undead…”
Mr. Pragnell has over forty years of experience in working directly with children and young people as a social worker, a senior manager of social services, and Director of an independent organization providing services for children and families.
Connar noticed Appleby’s expression and gave a cruel smile. “Oh don’t worry. You have information we need to mine and refine for the public good. Now, let’s…” He paused and tapped his earbud headset. After listening for a moment, he pulled a small remote device from his pocket; the screens combined to one large live video. Appleby’s heart dropped as he watched the scenario unfold.
No cop wants to expose NHS staff to risks that they genuinely believe they need help to face. But at the same time, compounding problems by doing the wrong thing is just as bad or worse should disaster occur. I can give examples where my officers and I have attended inpatient units and the mere presence of uniformed police calmed down a situation sufficiently to allow NHS staff to get on with things. No assaults, threats or resistance. But that is not always enough:
Gracing today's table:
I personally feel we achieved this in 2011. Let’s see what what we can do in 2012.
for no apparent reason = 2000
Norwgians love their winter swimming, and science shows they may be on to something.
OK. What am I going to do with all that fabric?
Thor’s evil brother Loki plans the destruction of earth. So Nick Fury and S.H.I.E.L.D decide to bring together all of the Avengers.
You may have seen the photo before. It's of my Nanobrewery Ale Fermentation Area (NAFA). This time of year it's at room temperature, which is 68F (20C). I have an electronically-controlled heat wrap for the SS fermenter, that I'll use at the end of it's final fermentation.
Children in New York City who learned to read using an experimental curriculum that emphasized nonfiction texts outperformed those at other schools that used methods that have been encouraged since the Bloomberg administration’s early days, according to a new study to be released Monday.
which he has thoughtfully left for me to do ....
The first story is the history of Apple (in general) and Steve Jobs (in particular) and how Apple almost collapsed and then returned in iGlory, and very much about our consumer mindspace about the new shiny item on the shelves and how we take a Gollum-like possessiveness to it all. We don't think about the way the paradigm has shifted (example - Who owns the song on your iPod?) and how the future has changed. And here Daisey is riding the crest of the wave in a friendly audience of tech geeks and Seattle Rep regulars, who know the stories of tech support and have read their Bill Gibson and turned off a plethora of phones before the show started (One of the audience, before the show began, was taking multiple pictures with his iPhone of the nearly-bare stage, to be stitched together later on his computer). Daisey does this well - he comes from out of the tech trenches. We understand and laugh.
Business can also establish credibility, integrity and a degree of trustworthiness, merely by interacting with a niche portion of the population on-line. Obviously it needs to be in a positive and helpful manner, which will help yield the results that companies are striving for. Nonetheless, a companies’ approach is generally dependant on their particular organizational mantra and overall goal structure.
I love watching little kids color. Everyone has a different technique. Some kids are very concerned with coloring inside the lines, and some just go nuts. Some kids make sure the colors are realistic, and some just want to see a blue duck.
"I am NOT judging. I'm making fun of them." - Kay
004.095 YUSUFALI: Not equal are those believers who sit (at home) and receive no hurt, and those who strive and fight in the cause of Allah with their goods and their persons. Allah hath granted a grade higher to those who strive and fight with their goods and persons than to those who sit (at home). Unto all (in Faith) Hath Allah promised good: But those who strive and fight Hath He distinguished above those who sit (at home) by a special reward,-
So, change your bookmarks and see you over at my domain. Take care!
You know, a starvation diet and a new dress will make you look thin, but it will also destroy your health. Let's not "pretty up" what is most definitely an eyesore at the expense of what we now enjoy.
Social Welfare and Pensions Bill 2012: Committee Stage (Resumed)
Also, it is my duty to inform you that I received this book through the Goodreads First Reads Program.
- His ‘sole male heir’ should have the best in life
GC: I don’t mean to put you on the spot, if you can’t think of anything. (laughs)
Really, guys, what’s the point? What is your reaction when you see fired up and rude comments? What does it take for you to jump in on a discussion? Why o why, m’friends?”
Sexy Birth breaks all the rules and takes it’s readers to a new awareness about birth and about LIFE!
Getting there and getting home: I took a train from Paddington to Totnes.You can actually walk between Totnes Station and Dartington Hall, and I did this on the way back. It's only about two miles and it's a lovely walk, but I wouldn't recommend it if the weather looks at all dubious or if your suitcase is one with wheels rather than one like mine that travels on your back. It's mostly flat but with a hilly part near the hall. To get there, I took a taxi.
Also, this episode is about the Prime Directive, so it’s going to be annoying. Here we go.
I tried writing the alphabet with my left hand...then a complete paragraph. It's mind blowing how perfectly well I know how to write letters and form words, and how idiotic and elementary my handwriting looked when I was finished. I would have guessed it was written by a 7 yr old if I hadn't written it myself. AND to make matters worse- I couldn't focus on the content of what I was trying to write because I was focusing so hard on HOW I was forming each letter and word. It was maddening. I will not be signing any checks, or sending cards with handwritten notes for a while after surgery. (unless I can sign the card as if it was from my 6 yr old nephew Asher :)
I am so happy that I can use this wonderful device called IPOD, I grew up in the 80's and listening to cassette players and track albums! It is unbelievable the technology this days, I can post on facebook, look up my Weight Watcher points,listen to music, check a You tube video, check the weather, check my email, look at my photo album...all in a matter of minutes and with a touch of a finger! who knew!
There is a restaurant in the Bairro Alto neighborhood of Lisboa called the Cervejaria Trindade, which is known for its beef steaks. And my wife finally took me there, along with our guests. (Why she waited five years, I’m not sure, but the final bill might have had something to do with it.) She made a reservation, which was a good thing, because by the time our food arrived the wait line was out the door.
The 'Nancy Reagan' track soon became the band's calling card and it inspired a young fan of the band living in California to showcase the track and Blue Riddim Band further. Roberto was known to Southern California reggae fans as host of a weekly reggae radio program. He envisioned creating a protest song that would be critical of the ongoing Cold War between the U.S. and the Soviet Union and his view that it was being perpetuated by Reagan. Calling in a few favors, he was able to land the help of reggae enthusiast David Lindley, who mixed the "Nancy Reagan Re-Election Remix" side, and of Ranking Roger, who featured on "America & Russia/Selective Service System" and a free-style toast over the basic 'Nancy Reagan' track.
The same is true for publishing. Yeah, Power Wheels are still cool, but they come with their own drawbacks, too. We can either let the "glamour" of them consume us, or we can realize that our value doesn't have a price tag. There are so many other ways to publish, so many other toys, some of which may fit you better than a Power Wheels anyway. Rather than pouting over who gets what and why, isn't it better for us to share and enjoy?
Grandpa: I immediately thought of Michael Caine because he’s so cool and so British. I don’t think he’s British in the book, but I see him as being British in the movie.
During my wanderings of the internets recently I found this example of a relatively inexpensive housing project that's under construction somewhere outside of Houston. The idea is to use 500 shipping containers outfitted with solar panels and other green technologies as affordable housing for whoever feels like experimenting with a different community lifestyle. My first thought was that it looks a lot like the Alamo and would probably be just as easily defended but to what purpose is anybody's guess - except perhaps as a retreat during the zombie apocalypse. The executives in charge of the Hive project describe it thus:
p.s. do something for yourself, you’re worth it!
a significant rise in intelligence as well as heart opening, together.
white dots for the eyes (or use ½ white jelly bean for each) and dot with pink for eyes. To pipe a dot, hold the chocolate pastry cone perpendicular to the surface of the cupcake. Keeping the tip stationary, squeeze and hold in place until the dot is the desired size. Release pressure and pull straight up.
Spring flowers are here! The photo is from my walk to work. The students were on-point mostly. We started our new chemistry unit. I mailed in my application for a summer program at Northeastern. Fingers crossed I get either that or the Cornell program. I talked to my brother on the phone briefly. In the afternoon I ran 7 miles with the Jackrabbit group. There were only four of us today and the park was quiet again because it was windy. I also watched Mad Men. The opener was pretty top notch.
“This is like the rat story, isn’t it?” I suggested. “Where the rat has to be killed by a broom handle with a sharp knife on the end.”
Two weeks ago I started studying Mandarin for the first time.
And then every now and then there's a none-too subtle reminder why the country is considered the crucible of all that is civilised in this world.
Elders, chief priests, scribes: Pretty much an open identification of the rejecters as the Sanhedrin, since these three groups were who made that body up.(France)
and hours are anyway makebelieve.
In this the 7th book in the Ender saga, the governments of the world all want to have control of the smart children from the days of the formic wars. Peter Wiggen has an idea about how to solve this problem. He wants to bring back the world government.
A glorious , whizzing rocket now
I have to confess: I was putting off making this dish for months now, and I'm not quite sure why. You may have seen it pop up in my "Up Next" section three or four times, excited to see it, and then get ka-blammed when I did monkfish and oxtail or some sort of organ-related dish instead. Sorry 'bout that. I'm not normally a tease, but I kept losing my mojo about this dish. It's one of the only desserts that absolutely intimidated me, and again, I have no clue why. It's weird, because when you look at all the separate elements of it, it's really not all that difficult. There was just something about the dish as a whole that made me nervous and uneasy about making it, so I procrastinated.
This week our featured Fairy Princess is Suzi.
'That's the last bleeping time I'm sending raw bloody meat out there to be inspected..what the heck do they think they we're doing..this isn't one of those places where there's half dead lobsters swimming around in a bleeping tank slowly eating themselves from inside, waiting for some unfortunate diner to save them from a fate worse than the slow death they're currently suffering...' said Chef..
Well, a boy who should be napping beckons! Until next time, adios!
A great way to really see New York City and get some beautiful views and camera shots is to walk across the Williamsburg Bridge. The Williamsburg bridge is 1.2 miles long and can be entered from Manhattan at Delancy and Clinton Streets. If you are coming from Brooklyn, you have two entrances: the first entrance is on the corner of South 5th Street and South 5th place “South 5th Place. (South 5th Place is between Driggs Ave and Roebling Street). The second entrance is located on Bedford Ave between South 5th and South 6th Streets. Please note that one side of the bridge is designated for bikes and the other side is designated for walkers. You will see signage that will up that will let you know if you’re on the right side. This is a beautiful walk that you and the entire family will truly enjoy.
among resident when buildings
into the fabric of the present
My baby is ready to go! I cannot wait to see what I get with this camera. The shots I've seen online, all taken with this very model Brownie Hawkeye, are dream-like in quality...very vintagey. Tomorrow, I hope it will be sunny again, because I already know what I want to shoot, after church lets out...
I use whole wheat pasta most of the time, or even gluten free options. Tonight we had the thin spaghetti, which is also somewhat lighter in texture and so satisfying with this sauce. We like that we are doing something good for us and we don't have to sacrifice on taste! This spaghetti offers 7 g of fiber per serving -- and that's just the pasta! There is additional fiber in the sauce, (4 g) so it is really a good option for adding more fiber into your diet.
Aha! Guess who got a lil' massage at physical therapy today after all? Heck yes I did.
Holeman, the police captain, said an argument erupted between Zinkhan and Bruce. Holeman said police believe Zinkhan walked away briefly, before returning with two handguns.
Hello, Everyone! Happy Day After Thanksgiving! Hope all my Americans friends had a wonderful holiday yesterday and that all my other friends simply had a wonderful day! Since I've been away from my blog for a few weeks, I thought joining in on Jenn's Thankfully Reading Weekend would be a great way to reconnect. If you'd like to join in or just "tune in" to the posts, hop on over to Jenn's Bookshelves to say hello and see who else is participating.
Though this post is long, the story is small, and a lot of it is prayer. This work is of great value to me. I like it!
I thought it was right to eject him and honestly I think he should be out until next year at least, with the stipulation that he receives counseling.
Jenna and Gabe are married and have worked very hard in the careers and have realized that late in life they want to have the ideal family and the perfect home since they have accomplished what they wanted. Things fall into place and Jenna gets pregnant and has Mia. Mia is perfect and healthy.
2. Cooperative Calligraphy: The only problem in this episode is that they can’t find one of Annie’s pens, but emotional stakes and tension stay high throughout. It’s unbelievably good writing. And it contains my favorite line of this entire season: “Will you relax, Jeff? Or are you afraid that, if you do, my pen will fall out?”
Maisa: Gullible fool.
· Conference closing cocktail reception at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.
Due diligence consultants are regularly asked to conclude a single right answer in a world dominated by variables. Appraisals, for example, provide an estimated value which, in combination with other variables, determines the amount of money lenders are willing to provide for a particular transaction. But how often does a property change hands for the exact amount of the appraisal? A variation of +/- 5% is not surprising, and more significant variations can occur when highly motivated sellers or buyers are involved. Similarly, though a variation of 20% or more would not be unusual in an open bid process, property condition consultants generally provide a point estimate of costs to address conditions found or replace key system components over ten years or more.
From Vivocity or HarbourFront, walk along the Sentosa Boardwalk. Fee : $1/-. Go to Resort World Sentosa Basement Bus Station. Take the yellow bus to Imbiah Bus Station.
It made me laugh and brought my broken down right arm and my spirits a little closer to where my heart is warmest.
Apparently, in this universe, pens are no longer pens. This one is a "pigment liner."
However, my last point is brought up in the situation we have with the character Jeff. Yes, this character is pretty much a slime-ball who basically came to this little “meeting” to do nothing else other than bring a young girl home and try to mess around for a little bit. The guy is a shit, no doubt about that, but there are things that happen to him that I feel are very questionable. The levels of torture that this guy has to go through seemed like it was a little too torturous even for a person like Jeff himself. Maybe I’m not the right person to make that call considering I have never been through any sort of sexual experience with an older person, but then again I’m just thinking like a human. Things get terribly bad for Jeff to the point of where he is given a decision at the end and I don’t know what I would do in his situation, but by the same token, I don’t think a person should ever put to these types of limits and in the end that’s what the film is trying to show us. I probably missed the point of this flick, but I still think that this film went a little too far with its torture as well as when it came to Jeff’s circumstances. Poor pedophiles, they just want to be loved. Then again, they should watch who they message next time.
I think painting speech as potentially physically harmful has a chilling effect: Just look at the whole Cartoon Mohammad thing for an example of that.
Tony Blair
- Don’t trust the voice of fear. See fear as one emotion among many, not a reliable guide to danger. When fear and anxiety become strong, resist the urge to hide and disguise your feelings. Exposing fear to the light of day is one of the best ways to counter it.
I'm so excited, I decided it is time for a Tupperware Giveaway!
This weekend, we will finally be ready to continue to the bookshelf/cabinet itself (not just the shelves), as well as possibly the spiral stair railing, and the kitchen-window-portal.
recommendations from friends: 5
Another huge pyramid, in 10,000 feet of Atlantic water, was reported to have been found with a pulsating crystal on top of it, by Tony Benik’s expedition. The group also found an opaque crystal tablet there, and reported that when a light was beamed through it, mysterious inscriptions became visible.
The plan was that my friends would pick us up at the Streetsboro KOA at 6:30 PM, and I wanted to arrive at least a couple hours early so we had plenty of time to set up, walk the dogs, and freshen up. In fact, we even had time to take Sydney and Barley to the little KOA dog park and let them run around off -leash, which they really like.
Sequentially, a regular tote of any expo is certainly relatively recent checklist, and may even supplied moment logo.
4. The last sentence highlights the event (the catalyst if you will) that will launch the story.
The Eastern traditional approach, especially Advaita Vedanta, is “slow food” because it says you need to study in a formal and methodical way under a teacher or Sadguru until the intellectual becomes experiential. This takes great effort, study, and investigation, and could take many years. Traditional Advaita at some point confesses the fast food slogan that there’s no you and nothing you can do, but it doesn’t start at that point.
Pine Warbler 1
York: Gingrich pretending to be statesmen
Adam decided to let go of Mathai, choosing to save Katrina in probably the most unsurprising elimination ever–his love for Katrina has never been secret…really, was anybody surprised?
5. Persons with disabilities should not be denied fertility services except in rare cases when a well-substantiated basis exists for thinking that they cannot provide or have others provide adequate child-rearing for offspring.
The problem is I have so much to say and I don't know where to begin. Maybe if I break it up into little sound bites it wouldn't so bad?
Here are a few shots of the fun Guatemalan piñata we attended at Christmastime:
One of my concerns too was the fact that we could only hire the board for an hour, so I took my phone with to keep an eye on the time.
Kinilaw na Tanigue
The two known Seers, Ankh and Lakh, interrogated Herrick and devised a plan to blow up the R1C by disguising bombs as what appeared to be the Minyan race banks. Later, when the "P7E planet" was destroyed, all Seers apparently perished along with the planet. (Underworld 1978) via
How can he do it?
Those who are imbued with love for the Lord, are delighted by His Vision.
While Europe was trying to rally for most of the week US economic reports were weighing down the US markets. Reports for the week were mostly negative with 10 declining and 4 rising. On the downtick: retail sales, the NY and Philly FED, business inventories, the NAHB, housing starts, existing home sales, leading indciators, the WLEI and jobless claims rose. On the uptick: building permits, capacity utilization, the M1 multiplier and the monetary base. For the week the SPX/DOW gained 1.00%, while the NDX/NAZ lost 0.65%. Asian markets gained 0.5%, European markets gained 0.8%, and the DJ World index gained 0.8%. Next week FOMC meeting on tues/wed, Q1 GDP, and more Housing data.
In 1904, farmer August Mayer sued Pierre for $10,000. Mayer claimed that he’d been driving his buggy when his horse was frightened by Pierre’s car, and bolted, overturning the buggy and reportedly injuring Mayer. But the jury ultimately sided with the defendant. (In other telling court news that day, the “Statesman” reported “White Man Bound Over on a Charge of Theft of Chickens From a Negro.” Sorry, folks–I have no jokes for this one. I just thought the headline said a lot about those days.)
3 action
36Now David, having done God’s work for his generation, went to sleep, and was put with his fathers, and his body came to destruction:
Have seen all the beauty,
In the preceding chapter the Apostle had been inculcating the duty of political subjection, on the part of the governed, to their rulers, and the domestic subjection of servants to their masters, from which he digressed at verse 18, to treat of the benefits of redemption. In this, he resumes the subject with reference to another species of subjection, somewhat different from the preceding, viz., that which is due by wives to their husbands ; and he inculcates this duty, by pointing out the advantages its observance might confer on the husbands, in case they should have continued to be unbelievers (verses 1, 2). H next shows, in what manner women should adorn themselves, viz., by attending more to the decoration of their souls than of their persons (3, 4). He inculcates the same duty of subjection, by the examples of the wives of the patriarchs of old, and particularly by that of Sara (5, 6).
But how do I explain that to a girl who just wants more than anything to feel a connection to the dad she never really knew?
SECTION 1. Filing of petition with the Supreme Court. – A party desiring to appeal by certiorari from a judgment or final order or resolution of the Court of Appeals, the Sandiganbayan, the Regional Trial Court or other courts whenever authorized by law, may file with the Supreme Court a verified petition for review on certiorari. The petition shall raise only questions of law which must be distinctly set forth.
Obviously, I'm going to lose weight, I was at 327.8lbs and my back was hurting, my knees hurting and my heart pounding so hard. But just after two weeks of swimming laps and treadmill, I feel a million times better and it's because I'm doing what's RIGHT. Feels good to do the right thing.
So, with the decision made concerning what animal to sketch, I needed to next determine the setting for the drawing that I would create. I decided rather quickly that I wanted to make the face and head of the raccoon the focus of the picture and that I really wasn’t all too concerned with drawing its body. Therefore, I decided to create a drawing of the little bundle of fur poking his head up between a couple trees.
Even sadder is that few people really seem to realise what's going on. One thing Pirsig writes, which continually comes back to mind, is that an inability to see takes on several forms. Something can be so small, so undiscernable that it escapes our attention at the best of times. Others, though, can be so large, so pervasive and so self-explanatory that they cannot be seen because they are just there as part of the social fabric or of the developed personal psyche. We move on from day to day, with a vague sense of things not being quite right but not being able to pinpoint what it is that is bothering us. We have jobs which supply income so we can continue to live, but which often leave us with a little discontented afterwards. Often with a feeling of "I could do much better than this. But how?". And so we get stuck again, unable to move, feeling challenged and lightly frustrated because we just can't see what's going on.
I'm really happy.
And earls twain, as I promised
Happy New Year to you all, and I look forward to seeing you back here soon!
Thank you again for all of your love and prayers!
I form bands with those dudes all the time. Everyone seems to make random side projects. Some friends and I made some songs in this band called Malice a bit ago, and that came out alright.
Journal of Intellectual Property Law & Practice (2012) doi: 10.1093/jiplp/jps016, first published online: February 20, 2012
In addition to discussing the book’s theme, plot, setting, and characters–and Steinbeck’s craft–our reading of Of Mice and Men also led us into a discussion of banned books. I think all my sons have thought it was interesting to have a mom who is firmly in favor of banned books.
The federal and state governments also need to apply a whole-of-government approach to "people smuggling" that includes raising awareness among small state government agencies and private sector proprietors about how to identify vulnerable young people who may have been subject to sex trafficking.
Was really sceptic about how this will turn out to be, since Chetan’s earier attempt to write fiction (which is not his personal experience) in ‘three mistakes of my life’ and ‘one night at call centre’ didn’t live up to its expectation. However other two, five point someone and 2 states, had parts from his own life, so they were mesmerizing.
Fact-asy.
Gribben runs through all the various theories that allow for a multiverse in this immensely readable book.
About Anime Expo
It was so very hard to get out of bed this morning. I did not want to wake up, nor did I want to face the fact that I had to actually work today. I would have loved to spend the day in bed, doing nothing. It looked like it was going to be one of those days again; until I received an email noting I had a comment that needed approving on my blog. Groggily I checked said comment, to discover Erin at Erin’s DC Kitchen nominated me for the Liebster Blog Award! I had to read this twice, as my blog is still just a baby (a whole two months old, maybe?) and I didn’t think it made much of an impression on anyone, asides from my friends (who, let’s face it, are obligated to be nice about that kind of thing). If you’re not familiar with Erin’s blog, it is filled with fabulous recipes and she has regular Meatless Monday postings – check it out and ENJOY!
is a Diné-led, grassroots non-profit organization governed by a Board of Directors who live in Diné communities in northwestern New Mexico affected by uranium mining. ENDAUM’s mission is to protect the purity of the water, air, lands and community health in areas impacted by Uranium activities for the present and future generations. ENDAUM works to empower our communities through education and sustainability to protect and respect the foundations of our Diné Way of Life. www.Facebook.com/ENDAUM
Things I remember of Friday:
Nineteenth-century Illinois housewife Elizabeth Packard's troubles began when she took public exception to the rigid views of her Calvinist minister husband, Theophilus. Announcing that since his wife "persistently refused my will or wishes...it must be that she is insane," Rev. Packard took advantage of the Illinois law that allowed a husband to have a wife committed to an insane asylum on his own whim (and the ever-ready consent of the admitting doctor). Released a few years later through the efforts of her son, and later found sane in a sensational jury trial, Packard spent the rest of her life lobbying to change the laws under which she was institutionalized...."Sounds like it might be quite good, doesn't it? (And Ana, if it is as good as it sounds, I'm sending it on to you after I finish...you're so bad for my bookshelves that sometimes you need a little extra "punishment"!)
When the yolks and whites are gently folded together and the batter is heated, the air bubbles expand and give the soufflé its almost gravity-defying puffed up architecture. Obeying the laws of thermodynamics which study the relation between heat and energy, the soufflé follows the natural tendency for things to move from order towards chaos and randomness. (The 2nd Rule at work.) After rising, with even slight cooling—energy is lost, entropy ensues and that fateful collapse occurs.
Secondly, eat what nature has to offer. I recently heard Dr. John Moore, a well respected chiropractor in Florida say: “If it wasn’t around 200 years ago, most likely it’s not good for you.” I thought that was a fantastic way of putting it.
One day I found a note on my bench.
Then he wanted reassurance that he wasn’t being unfair in wanting these things done. I told him I would tell the girls what he wanted done.
Then all bets on your swiftly waning lungs
as there are barriers and conventions, there will be those who
fresh air coming in through the window,
Hope your week is starting off well! I've so SO much to do in these next couple of days/weeks, my head is spinning! Moves/Graduations/Easter Parade-ChamberStuff/ Little "Helen's" needs/New Tennant changes.
Shortly after the news broke, reports started coming in of earlier racial tension in the Dewsbury area, including alleged clashes between Asians and whites. The effect on the newsrooms was electric, the killing suddenly became the main news story, with bright eyed and flushed reporters gushing excitedly, as they gripped their microphones just that little bit more tightly, that this might be a ..... racially motivated attack.
- 5 Cherry Tomatoes, sliced in half
The central idea of the book is this (and believe me, I’m simplifying): In a time when black people not only dominate music and sports, but have also become CEOs, artists, politicians and (perhaps most importantly), a president of the United States, what exactly does it mean to be black these days? How do black people marry their relatively new opportunity to exist in a more equal (though still wildly unequal) society with the reality of generations of oppression? And what can black people do to expand their own definition of Blackness to include tastes, interests, professions and walks of life that perhaps don’t mesh with the stereotypical definition of what it means to grow up black? Is one black person claiming another doesn’t talk/seem/act black enough just as harmful to the race as the lingering racism levied against them by the rest of society? And so on.
I go back out to the Immigration lines and watch with envy as US residents move to the less-crowded far end of the arrivals hall. I try to scope out the shortest line for processing "aliens" such as myself. Immigration and security officers firmly direct people as they see fit. Last visit I got in line behind a famous Australian foreign correspondent. He smiles at me. He's used to being spotted by fellow Aussies I suppose. I smile back and try not to stare.
Selling real estate is a challenge. What makes it especially hard for the novice is the fact that real estate sales are rare in person’s lifetime. Any transaction involving real estate can be risky, most especially if not done properly. The information in the article above, will help you get the most money out of selling your home.
See, Overwhelmingly Abundant Yet Remarkable Idiots, the thing is that I don’t come up from behind you on any given day and stand my big ass 4 inches from your big ass. Not in front of a counter, not in front of a teller, not in front of that damn Redbox machine. You should note that if it’s raining and you can’t fit under that little roof those machines have… pretend it’s an umbrella and ask yourself if you would really just climb up under my personal umbrella with me without an invitation. Another thing… you knew when you got out of your damn car that it was raining. Don’t act all surprised like, “Damn, I didn’t think I’d get stuck standing here in the rain to rent a video.” YES YOU DID, FOOL. You got out the car, when it was raining, at an OUTDOOR video rental vending machine. What exactly in that world didn’t add up to standing in the rain? Dumbass.
The second is my identical twin, support,comic relief and a reality check in one fashionable package...and who better to test drive the next hairstyle???
So vast and vat deep that I am beginning
Then we ordered some painted lady caterpillars. They were so tiny and still when they arrived, I thought for sure they had died in transit. But no, they ate their food and grew and pooped and ate their food and grew and pooped, exactly as the enclosed pamphlet said they would.
Their steak is brought out on a plate that reaches a temperature of 500 degrees F. The steak is literally sizzling on the plate as it is being brought out. The steak continues to sizzle as you cut into your first bite... second bite... I'm not even sure when it stopped sizzling b/c I was in such a state of bliss.
Using his mind to make others rich
Hi Ho, I owe, so off to work I go.
But just before she leaves, she receives
Prepare the Sweet Pastry Crust:
Even this ending leaves me feeling dissatisfied. I feel that Moon Knight has become so terrible over the last 2 years, that they should have just killed off the character. Marvel obviously isn’t seeing the level of success that they want out of the character, or they wouldn’t keep cancelling his books and trying to revitalize him by changing the formula. In other words, stay away from this book.
If she misfiled one li'l thing he'd scold her.
The man continued on in his mumble goo and I, through tight lips was like, ya, uh hum ya…
Possible: Costume Design
All he knew was he loved her. But he had fallen and landed somewhere on this vast planet without any way to find her. All he had was the image of her face and the overwhelming feeling of love for her that caused every part of his body to hurt even more than the pain of his broken bones.
big hugz
to the intelligence of the white art-dealer's. They had merely made different ‘career-choices’.
The people living in the vicinity were greatly wrought up over the matter. The children would not go past the haunted house, and stories innumerable were continually in circulation touching upon the identity of the ghost.
"When I opened the door I was surprised because he was wearing our
It was an incredible vacation.
My Darphin products have already taken up permanent residence by my sink, and I look forward to the nightly routine with them. I'll still hit up the drugstore for many of my beauty products, but Darphin will be part of my collection now, too.
Video #1-5: These videos were created by Cecily and Jim Noelker of Seymour Indiana. Participants in the retreat, they were kind enough to capture and share their images of people, events and the Tuscan countryside.
The continued development in our social system has raised an enormous range of questions about the relationship between wealth and faithfulness to God. Credit cards have become increasing widespread, making it easier for a small number of people to accumulate great wealth and for everyone else to purchase goods and services and get into serious debt. In our world today it is impossible to be a Christian and not struggle with questions related to money. Questions relating to money were an important aspect in the Old and New Testament even though the word money is not actually found in the bible. In fact, after the problem of worshipping idols the question most discussed in the bible has to do with money.
“Mrs. Locher?” Dr. Nodurft was standing in front of me. “May I have a word with you?”
Ok now it seems real......
As long, of course, as we get paid ...
Adolphe Menjou A Star is Born
There were the two aggravating but ingratiating girls who stopped me at the end of the day at a charter school I had been at a half-dozen times to ask me why I kept coming back. Informing them that I enjoyed teaching, and I specifically enjoyed coming to their school to teach them, looked at me with furrowed brows before one said, “Well, that’s a good reason I guess.”, before saying goodbye and walking out of the room with satisfied looks.
Dearest Dani~
The story begins in 1915 in the hamlet of Aljustrel outside the village of Fatima, Portugal. At that time, an 8 year old child by the name of Lucia de Jesus dos Santos was playing with three of her friends when they noticed a sudden appearance of a cloud formed like a man. They had just eaten their lunch and were saying the Rosary as they always did. The figure they saw left a definite impression on their minds. This bright white figure appered to them two more times.
It would be complicated, and probably messy, but only for a while. More to the point, it would be the right thing to do. There's a feeling of reform in the air in Pennsylvania; why not blow that wind of change through the barroom and liquor store, while we're at it?
Rebecca Lane Beittel: ~New novelist, seeking agent representation and traditional publication ~Author of The Time Minders, a young adult science fiction novel, and the first in a series entitled Instant Eternity ~Also working on Kingdoms of Blood & Magic, a young adult fantasy
Please will you try and visit my team mates blogs, as they have all pulled out the stops and made wonderful creations for inspiration.
Have you had any chance to play outside of Gwangju? Have you seen any increase in opportunities since the release of the 2011 Gwangju Indie Music Compilation and the EP earlier this year?
Every spare hour I had, I was in the garden. I accepted plants from my Mom, from Ethel, from relatives, from friends. I invested what little money I had in substantial plants, filling in with tiny, $2.00 perennials in plastic pots from discount centers. Eventually, my anger turned to nurture. My frustrations turned to artistry. My stomping turned to a meditative weeding, a gentle training of climbing vines, a trailing of fingers over leaves and blossoms to release their scent. Here's how it's looked and grown, in various stages since 2000...
Tstsegmaa tests the mutton dumplings and Chinggel is putting the finishing touches to the tea.
Either women with absolutely no chest or men design sports bras, because no woman over an A cup would throw on a piece of spandex with a “thick band around the bottom and think that will support a woman with breasts that, if not properly strapped in, will poke her eye out. And yes, there are some good sports bras out there, but they are hard to find and are expensive. When I run, I want the girls so squished down that I look like a prepubescent boy. Why? Because it HURTS otherwise. Things move, things pull, then things hurt, and then you’re blind because a nipple poked your eye out and it’s been left at mile 2 because I’ll be damned if I’m going back to squish it back in and ruin my chance to PR.
Do you play physics games? What about your plots and plans? Have you ever sliced, diced, exploded or reversed a plot? Did it work? How much do you love your husband?
Here’s your VERY first look at the new 12oz CAN packaging for Lancaster Brewing Co Rumspringa Golden Bock Beer Brewed with Honey. “Embrace your rebellious side! Our fiesty Golden Bock Lager is brewed with real Lancaster County honey and has a subtle malt flavor complimented by a flawless balance of domestic & European hops.” Apparently Rumspringa is an Amish term for when a young man is ready to head out on his own.
"Well, is it something I can do for you?"
‘Will I.’
Supplies Used: Little Yellow Bicycle PP, Tim Holtz Plaque Edge Die, Cosmo Cricket Alpha Buttons, Glimmer mist, Heidi Swapp Felt Butterflies and Bling, KaiserCraft Pearls, Technique Tuesday "Happy" Stamp, Inque Boutique swirl stamp, Brilliance Ink-Thyme, VersaMark Dazzle-Frost, American Crafts Clear Embossing Powder, My Little Shoebox Mini Alphas, Shimmerz Pixie Dust, Making Memories Photo Corner
I don't know if I've mentioned the elbow thing before. Probably, but in case I haven't, E never had a favorite toy or blanket; his thing has always been elbows. Nick's elbows in particular, although mine will do in a pinch.
My Cooking Light Group recently had a dinner with the theme of cooking a dish from a favorite chef. I love that theme! I wanted to cook a Michael Symon recipe because the meal my son and I had at his Lola Bistro in Cleveland was outstanding. Plus, I like Symon's personality, and respect his choice of staying in the Cleveland area instead of heading to a bigger city.
With the goal of helping underprivileged kids getting some holidays, 3 bands set up by ex-Pats living in Krakow, will entertain you at the teatr Nowa Laznia in Nowa Huta.
At the end of the day, 3.0 might have been passed by these days, but I still think that generation of D&D rules were perfect as transition fodder for moving people back and forth from video games to RPGs and so on, because the rules could work in both media quite well, and one reinforced the other. I'm curious (because I don't know) if there have been any video games based around 4E rules - my guess is no, but if someone can say for certain, I'd appreciate it.
Floral peplum top: H&M
2010.07.27 Nigeria Maiduguri 32 0 At least thirty-two policemen are assassinated and 'roasted like animals' by Boko Haram Islamists.
Whoa. I really don't remember such a high percentage of Forties Club inductees in a contest! I also don't remember so many super high scores. I think that overall, this contest had the STRONGEST WRITING of my (now) fourteen contests!! EVERYONE has reason to feel proud.
Do this to be destructive
The girls were tanned, promiscuous, slept around with older men...etc etc...(Most people don't know this history of gal)
At the moment I have two (partially) completed cubes, three colored and cut out elves and one or two still in some process of being colored, cut etc.....Not every cube will have a elf on (unless I get some serious mojo on different color schemes for these little guys). I'm posting this in the hope that if its out there for the whole world to see, I'll maybe finish it a (little) bit quicker.
But instead, the landfill rejected her cache - spitting relics of another time back into the ocean. And in return, the ocean bandied them about, and tossed them back to shore. This is where we wandered, over the weekend; a virgin beach marred only by the mementos of a foregone age.
If you can do the three things mentioned above, your faith WILL develop. It takes time of course. It takes dedication. It takes sacrifice. It takes giving yourself up. But next time someone asks you, what’s the most important thing in your life, you can truly say, my relationship with Jesus Christ!
The Troggs- Strange Movies (single- 1973)
Maybe I'll write more about that one day.
the air –
It was July 16th, 2009. It was about 2:30 in the afternoon. It was at Starbucks.
Saturday: 6.2 miles in 1:00:47!! It didn't feel EASY but it didn't feel all-out either. Splits were awesome. Thrilled with that one.
And not really beyond. I know where I’m going…it’s the heart if it all.
And one of the best and most memorable things about it were the ginormous yellow Checker cabs.
Through the visit, the Good Child Foundation will help children with Down’s Syndrome in Thailand, and also support the work of Down’s Syndrome Scotland.
I served these with ravioli and alfredo sauce from a jar, but you could serve them with just about anything you like to have with chicken strips. We like to dip them in ranch dressing, too.
* 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger
05.14: Mayhem, Copenhagen, Denmark
“We call 150,000 schools every day using automated telephony to find out if the meal was distributed and generate reports in real time,” they explain on their website.
Film - Shaping your Sound (This video is very dated but really good information. It is so dated in fact that it makes it entertaining)
25 g sugar (you can adjust this too if your fruits are more on the tart or sweeter side)
Everything has to evolve. Like science, and human knowledge.
“Maybe one day that situation will be better understood,” I said. “But
Not me. And I’m highly upset about it because C-Murder and I had such grand plans for this winter! We even talked to folks to find out what some of the hot spots were that were not in our typical Howard University filled locations. Places like the W lounge and Josephines or Layla Lounge… we had plans guys! PLANS!
Williams said things were ‘very complex,’ but that his life had been greatly changed. ‘It inspires me to do to the same, to go on with my life and do good to others,’ he said.
This post may seem unimportant to some.
They had a manager who obviously knew his stuff and produced a game plan, but that went out of the window as soon as something went wrong, or perversely when something went right! When keeper John Bartington let Lance Shaw’s weak effort through his legs for 0-2 you awaited the cricket score, but Chris Scott’s fine shot brought Crendon right back into the game. But Crendon stopped acting like a team and by half time it was 1-4 and all was lost.
Meiklejohn G, Hall H. Unusual outbreak of influenza A in a Wyoming nursing home. J Am Geriatr Soc 1987; 35: 742-746.
The plan is for a 'bridging clause' which, in the Commission's own words would, 'constitute a solution to overcome these difficulties in applying the 'Community method' to the policies in the area of freedom, justice and security.'
We enjoy celebrating Hanukkah because we enjoy all of what being Jewish means. As a family, Marc and I have tried to imbue observing Judaism with a sense of joy and purpose. We celebrate Shabbat every week, but more than that we talk about Jewish things all the time. We read books and sing songs and keep a Kosher(ish) home. We look forward to holidays year-round, planning costumes for Purim, meals for Passover and sending cards for Rosh Hashanah with that the same enthusiasm we have for lighting the chanukiah. We seek out Jewish experiences to give our children, from preschool and summer camp to films and museums. We talk about the Holocaust, and we talk about Israel. Importantly, we talk about how fun it is to celebrate alongside our friends and family, especially those with beliefs and traditions different from our own.
It won't last long, however, because my OB scheduled me for an induction on the 23rd of this month. With twins, they don't want to let you go too long, and considering my history, she thinks it's best to deliver me between 37 and 38 weeks. So, assuming these little ladies don't decide to come on their own, we'll be going in on the 23rd for the induction!
The best way to listen to this album is when you find yourself completely hammed and want to piss off your neighbor or roommate. If there was a soundtrack to hell this may very well be it, particularly when your roommate is hammed and cranking it at 2am (try falling asleep to it, it just doesn't work).
(Disclosure: The opinions expressed in this blog article are my own. Outside of receiving a free copy of the book in order to review it, I received no paid compensation for this article. For more disclosure information, please read the full disclosure page.)
Through the West Broward Bar Association, students have had tours of the courthouse, conducted mock trials and have spoken with local members of the legal community. Howard Finklestein with Channel 7’s Help Me Howard, Michael Satz, Broward state attorney and juvenile judge Elijah Williams, among others, have all taught the middle school students simple legal procedures.
The incantation is certainly not a shaman prayer, but the mana in him responds to it at once, leaping forward and washing over Eliss’s wound in a flash of incandescent blue light. Skin starts to mend, tendon, bone and muscle reweaving. Mesdan takes a deep, shuddering breath as his chest-wound re-opens. He can feel the warmth of his blood against the bandage. The sting is nearly unbearable. A blinding headache rips through him and leaves him weak. His concentration falters. The healing weakens and then stops entirely, while a searing pain jabs at his chest. The mana roars through his blood, eating at his skin, muscle and bone even as he struggles to finish the healing, to finish what he started.
Then Castro began emptying his prisons, sending us all of his criminals and the mentally ill. How I wish we would send him ours! We have more of them.
In Ireland we stayed in the family castle – Tullynally. Thomas Packenham, Lord Longford’s heir, who wouldn’t take a title because he didn’t believe in titles, ran the castle and its grounds. I vaguely remember the vast grounds and my beautiful regal bedroom with a four poster bed. Every morning I was woken up by the sound of bells around the cows necks on the way for milking. I often wonder what happened with the castle. I have never returned to Ireland since that trip. One day I hope to visit Dublin and taste their potatoes again
Hi girls, it's Rosalien here and today I'm your Host for Hostess Monday. ;)
The peony flowers are produced at the tips of the branching stems. Beginning as globular buds that produce a sweet, sticky exudate that attracts ants (that do no harm), these buds slowly open into large, showy flowers with diameters up to 10 in (20.5 cm) wide. The peony is an extremely long-lived plant, especially for a flowering one. It is not uncommon for peonies to live for a hundred years.
All that pretty colour... why don't other shops sell great stuff like this??
These four companies, as listed in the registration statement that Sunpeaks filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are Tribeca International, Capstar Management Ltd., Soho Investment Group and Tustin Properties. Each acquired 350,000 shares at one half cent each.
I grew up in those four hours. I finally stopped feeling like a high school kid and started feeling like an adult.
Sweet Mother is updated daily. If you’d like to receive an email when new content is produced on this site, simply hit the “follow” button at the top of the blog.
12 Dolphins drooping
Ted came to see us late last year and we brewed a beer.
The Replacement Wife by Eileen Goudge
Since I was yakking about the A-Z Challenge last Friday, it's only fair to provide a sign-up link now that the challenge is open for registration. You can register at any of these fab blogs:
They've both spent hours playing with their new Legos lately. D-boy painstakingly built his Lego set, step by step. When he was done, it was completely correct. Only then did he add his own touches (he's partial to giving the bad guys Lego mugs, so they can drink cocoa while they're terrorizing the universe).
We all have those ghosts from our past, someone who was in our life for only a season, and then went away. What I interpreted as cynicism at age 13 I have come to recognize nine years later as being deadly accurate, when Ray says not only would Walter not recognize him, "I'll bet you're fat and married / And you're always home in bed by half past 8 / And if I talked about old times you'd get bored and you'd have nothing more to say..." I'm quoting him so much because he says it way better in verse than I ever could in prose.
2010.09.03 Iraq Baghdad 4 4 Four Iraqis are shot or blown up around the country by Mujahideen.
Would you like a chance to win the Once Upon a Time stamp set? Here’s what you need to do- go to each of the Trendsetter’s Blogs and leave a comment on their Once Upon a Time Blog Hop Challenge post. After you have finished checking out the eye candy and have left some love, return to the TSG Blog and add your name to the Mr. Linky at the bottom of this Blog Hop Challenge post. A winner will be chosen randomly using a random number generator to receive their very own Once Upon a Time stamp set. The winner will be announced Saturday (May 28) during the Release Party Chat.
Once you have ink applied to your liking, you can apply the final coat of mod podge. You could still use the normal mod podge, but I went for SPARKLE! I figured it would be a nice added touch. I plan to wear these this summer with some nice skirts so I went a little over board on the Mod Podge.
unless I lock
near the fire
The reason why people love this new type of eating is because it brings the opportunity to have multiple restaurants available at the same time. This is because the new food truck owners tend to travel together. For example, they travel to parks and art events like the Wynwood Art Walk offering their unique cuisine among their team or food truck family.
"Yeah well soandso called me up this morning and said he had some errands to run and he would punch out and be back in a few hours and he hasn't come back yet".
Good day everyone
Saturday: I tried to go check her old address. Nothing.
The DZire is usually embellished with superb and classy interiors. An array of interesting features in a car interior have a high end stereo mounted directing, audible headlights, bundled stereo system, and stylish dashboard. Dual side-impact beams along with vanity mirror is usually interesting features inside the Dzire to suit every desire of possessing a car or truck.
We were in dire need of a change. Here are some of my inspiration pics.
Not facing up is also a brave act.
Pretty much it was a makeshift workout/bike storage/random catchall room. Really sad because it's a nice sized room and gets great light.
06. He's Got No Joker (Neukirch/Melchers/Braun) - 3:37
The Moot Hall is a Georgian building dating from 1812, with the courtrooms restored to Victorian design from 1875. Described on completion as the most perfect specimen of Doric architecture in the North of England, the Moot Hall has a columned portico to the front, whilst the design of the rear is based on the Parthenon in the Athens.
I’m a big bull on gold. Rising inflation, a debasing U.S. dollar, out-of-control government spending, and a currency printing press that never seems to stop will continue to push the price of gold higher.
2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
If it weren’t for biology, there would be no reason for us all to come together again, to stand at the top of a shifting sand mountain, red-faced and sweating from the climb but marveling at the view. On the top of Mt. Baldy, my sister and I resemble each other. There is no mistaking that. You must be sisters. We must. Our brown hair is pulled back in identical pony tails. Our matching sunglasses, hers green, mine purple, perch atop our heads in a similar swoop. Our mother is between us, sure and firm and familiar. Behind her back, my sister and I meet, our arms touching. Even with our mothers beside us, we hold onto each other.
In the air of your flight and is refreshed.
“Brilliant” and “Riveting” School Library Journal
One in Tashkent and the other in Istanbul.
The mission of Outreach Services atSBRL is to provide a wide selection of materials and equipment to Senior Citizens in Smyth County who are residents in nursing and assisted living facilities and also those who come to Senior Citizens Centers. Monthly deliveries and pickups of library titles are customized to meet the individual needs of residents and attendees and last year over 6400 materials were utilized. Based on partner survey responses, Portable DVD players with 9” LCD screens and earphones and Nintendo Wii with sports games (tennis, bowling, golf, baseball) are being distributed the first of April to Smyth County Outreach Services partners Francis Marion Manor, W.W. Scott Senior Citizens Center, Saltville Senior Citizens Center and Valley Health Care. Along with celebrating Linda Lindsey’s contributions to the Friends of the Library, Outreach Services is also distributing this equipment in conjunction with National Library Week celebrations. This equipment and library titles will be used and enjoyed by older county residents who are without access to traditional library outlets.
I sent the handsome hubby out into the woods to find a log that would work with the idea that was brewing in my head. He came home with three 1/4 pieces of log. They were beautiful and mossy but no limbs and not the size I needed. So then I began thinking about alternatives. I remembered working with Plaster of Paris in 5th grade when we had to make volcanoes but I needed a base first. Then I remembered seeing a tutorial a while back on the Martha Stewart show regarding faux logs made from corrugated cardboard. I googled that and two reputable tutorials came up. The Martha tutorial and a tutorial from Design Sponge. Looking at them both they may be from the same source and then featured on Martha. That was that and I knew then how I was going to construct the base.
Wrestling: I'm getting good at this. I may have to watch some wrestling in the summer Olympics this year, I may need some pointers. The boys will not be allowed to watch, they do not need any pointers. Let me tell you, changing diapers and getting them dressed is becoming quite the workout!
LEAGUE CITY, TEXAS – League City, Texas is violating state law governing the use of proceeds from a red light camera program, according to a local activist who filed an official complaint yesterday. Under state law, a municipality may only use its photo ticketing profit to pay for “traffic safety programs.” League City appears to be using the revenue to create a slush fund for the local police department.
— Maya Angelou
Derek Boogaard and Matt Carkner of the Ottawa Senators dropped gloves with each other Thursday night. Boogaard landed an early shot. But Carkner landed a hay-maker that ended Boogaard's fight on his feet. Then Carkner just wrestled him down. Boogaard fell hard with the mass of a mighty Oak onto his shoulder. It was the same shoulder that caused him to miss three games in November. Derek is not traveling to Columbus with the team and is headed back to NY to get that shoulder check on.
Unfortunately, it also made it much easier for unscrupulous tabloids to print whatever they like about members of the public in order to fit their own agenda, with very little prospect of recrimination.
So the hand and attention of trompe-l'œil is what redeems, and I have decided that it is enough for me. This simple assertion of the value of art at the basic level is not only visually interesting but has the opportunity to test and bring to crisis some our most treasured possessions, our memories, our loves, our passions. John Yau, for example in his catalogue essay on Daniel Douke, would say that the care and attention paid to an object through trompe-l'œil and our ability to appreciate the effort is a humanistic pursuit, something that animates an object out of the industrial, mass produced realm and back into the realm of human action, where the attention one pays to the object in and of itself adds meaning to the situation.
High school years in Western Australia.
26Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another.
Unfulfilled because instead of being a great mother and wife, I am distracted by gadgets and social media.
trio of mushrooms
The court was told that on July 11, Yildirim was working at Coles in Knox City in Melbourne's east when he saw the girl take a bottle of body spray from the store without paying.
I’ve been thinking about eating organic a lot lately. Is it worth the price? Hubby and I do all we can to keep our budget under control. I am the main source of our income and come August, will be the only source of income. Is it worth the extra money for us to buy organic? I know that it is the best thing and I know that eating organic is the healthiest, but I also know that consuming regular produce and getting the nutrients outweighs the ingestion of pesticides. So what do we do? Especially now that I have Little Man’s health to worry about along with my own. Doesn’t he deserve to eat organic? Maybe the answer is to start by buying the dirty dozen and seeing what it does to our budget? Dirty Dozen Foods with High Pesticide Residue – Best Organic Foods to Eat – The Daily Green.
“But! BUT MY BOW!”
So to start this closet organization, I would tackle my hat/glove problem first. I needed an easy way to organize all of these items so everything would be easy to grab, as well as highly visible. That way Hubby could never say "I just forgot to grab my gloves."
His competitors have been sending messages welcoming him to the scene, he said. “There’s enough merchandise, enough property out there, for everyone to be happy.”
Let’s examine the opposite side of the coin.
Right now the tears are warm
Did you know the show ran for only a year? And did you know that in that year they filmed 44 freakin' episodes?? (My favourite episode names being To Kill A Mocking-Nerd and Silence of the Lamborghini) Now for anyone who doesn't know what Breaker High is, please read the following description:
If I say I loved Gina,
“It’s a violation to make, print or publish a discriminatory statement,” Executive Director Nancy Haynes told Fox News. “There are no exemptions to that.”
Dear Chocolate,
#3 – Showing God
I would like to have a do over of this weekend. It all would have started with me ignoring the text from Caleb asking me if I got the job at UTA (I have not yet heard anything). Basically I found out this weekend that he thinks most of my text messages are sewage so he ignores them. Thanks buddy - why the heck did you text me then to ask me if i got the job?
I now have my pins in Nicky's cushion and my 'I'm not dead yet' machine needles in Krista's cushion. I am now so organised it's scary. Yay!
Write each of the following words on index cards (one word on each card): Lord, I am not worthy that you should enter under my roof, but only say the word and my soul shall be healed. Divide the class into groups. Have each group put the response together in the correct order. The first group that puts it together correctly wins.
They are flanked, in almost perfect triangular symmetry, by the slumped figures of the desperate. Sitting on the steps, curled semi foetally into themselves, heads bowed with eyes staring unseeingly at the cold marble beneath them, they hold their arms up offering a plastic cup in supplication and hope of some loose change from passers by.
This though, we are led to believe from other sources, is more representative of the real Boris, whose hail-fellow-well-met demeanour is reserved mostly for public appearances and broadcasts.
Chronic Town 2008 Hollywood Movie Watch Online : Vidreel Link : Alternative Link :
“Don’t underestimate your 4 year old’s batting arm…the bat may be closer than you think…ouch!”
Current uses of squawvine
- Struggled back and forth with indecision over whether to go back to tertiary professional level study, try for Equine course again, find a job or just chill. Got offered part time unpaid work with local Endurance legend and her team of horses. Have learnt so much in three months. Horses make my soul sing.
I bought half a metre from The Eternal Maker and therefore only had one whole bee in the piece of fabric which I put to use in a mat to sit underneath the glass top of this washstand I have recently renovated and painted for my bedroom. I hand-sewed a simple running stitch hem with perle thread and some lazy daisy stitches over some of the printed details on the fabric.
Grue turned his head my way, but he didn’t say anything. I wondered if he had been about to say I was the exception, then changed his mind.
Whereas Hanssens displayed a complex fruitiness with a hint of melon, the oude gueuze from Oud Beersel had a marked green apples taste. The latter also had a very dry finish.
Whisk 1 cup all-purpose flour and next 4 ingredients in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat butter until pale and creamy, about 2 minutes. Add sugar and continue to beat until well incorporated, 2-3 minutes longer. Whisk eggs and vanilla in a small bowl to blend; gradually beat into butter mixture. Continue beating until light and fluffy, 3-4 minutes. Combine buttermilk and lemon zest in a small bowl; gradually beat into butter mixture. Add dry ingredients; beat just to blend (do not over mix).
These “get in the boat” moments aren’t only reserved for big ticket life events either. I recently had one myself that was job related. One of my tasks at work is to write articles for In Touch Magazine, which is both exhilarating and terrifying. Why? Well, writing is like walking a very taut high wire. One wrong word can throw off the flow of a sentence, and one unclear idea can mar the meaning of an entire piece. Writing is a lengthy process of moving words and phrases around until only the best ones remain in the perfect order. It’s very easy to miss the mark, and more often than not, it is also very lonely work.
“Ya. Someone asked for change.”
It all started like it was a child’s play. He approached me, and disclosed his intension to conquer the whole of Africa to me, and I laughed at his supposed utopian dreams. He persuaded me to start the game with him while he toured all African countries after he passed his first Illuminati test. I had to agree with him, thinking that it was going to be mere application of human knowledge. I had thought that the brand will succeed on just our skill and creativity as Charlyboy made me to believe, but unfortunately, I only realized the forces behind his creativity and the fame after ten years of my commitment to the brand.
Smiths Last night I dreamt that somebody loved me x UK
He told me that, usually, he had to apologise for being a Mail reporter which doesn’t surprise me as the very name Daily Mail is like a blue rag to a left wing bull.
Our new super long sofa caused a 'furniture swap'.
Spread apricot jelly/water mixture on top of cream cheese mix.
Inside, Muffy's friends speculate about Buck's condition, then they talk about what they'll all be doing after graduation(short answer: not much.). Muffy makes a toast to her friends, and everyone finds that their glasses are dribble-glasses, another prank. Yay.
Express One, AvAtlantic and Sterling One would also briefly operate the aircraft. Finally Champion Air (Minneapolis/St. Paul) would operate the 727 in a passenger configuration for the Las Vegas charter program. N293AS would also operate the very last revenue flight for Champion Air on May 29, 2008 from Las Vegas-Minneapolis/St. Paul, closing down the charter airline.
"Madam," replied the gardener, "during past month your dog is doing shittings all over this grass. Where are laws for this?"
And do you know what I have to say to these "guidelines" and these demands?
Second was chinese cuisine – lemon chicken, lemongrass beef, scallops in sauce (can’t remember what the sauce was).
Aaand here we are. Rock Bottom. It’s damper than I expected down here.
“Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don’t lose faith. I’m convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did. You’ve got to find what you love. And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it. And, like any great relationship, it just gets better and better as the years roll on. So keep looking until you find it. Don’t settle.”
So, my advice for an aspiring author is “Never Give Up.” I know this is a cliché, but it’s true. The publishing world is changing every day. There are so many opportunities for a writer to become published now, so if this is your dream, don’t ever give up.
To express my deepest and sincere appreciation for all your support, comments, lurking, tweets, love mail, hate mail, guest list inclusions, promos, questions, and everything else I've received over this time, here's a picture of disco dancing Samuel Jackson-saurus Rex, author unknown, intentionally juxtaposed with the beauty of the track above:
Please note: If you like good beer, this is what your government thinks of you.
It happens to be. So it's time for another Thirsday Thirteen. How about...Thirteen Things I Do During The Day, Which May Or May Not Be Educationally Relevant.
Emergency? That's odd.
Apparently there are also Astors and Rothschilds on the market...
just use anything you love on your card...and be sure to share with us what it is you used that is on your favorites list!
Tuesday May 8
Initially, these will be using older product teamed with some newer goodies
You just have to show up cause the best things in life are given free
Today was all about listening to my body, what was the best variation for me today. Sometimes it is easy to become secretly competitive “obviously I’m going to take the most difficult variation!” For me personally there’s always this inner guilt that I am being lazy if I don’t try the hardest version of a pose. THIS IS NOT TRUE. and this is something I have to constantly remind myself. Some days I can push harder and try things that are difficult, but other days I need to back off. By listening to my body I took cues for what was really the best variation to be doing today, the one that doesn’t hurt my arm, the one that feels good and the one that is the best match for today.
Male/Female, Yin-Yang, Duality
So why to I want to go back to bed, curl up and shut the world away ?
1. In large glass bowl dissolve the sugar in the warm water and stir in yeast. Allow to proof about 5-10 minutes until it looks foamy.
Whether Blackburn Rovers will be in the Premier League or the Championship next season evidently doesn’t matter to their Indian owners, Venky’s. As the protests against their ownership continue with the launch of a supporters trust, intent on bringing the club back into community ownership, Andrew Howells examines just why Venky’s seem so set on ruining Rovers.
I don't belong to you, you see
Lynda La Plante’s fourteen novels, including the Prime Suspect series, have all been international bestsellers. She is an honorary fellow of the British Film Institute and a member of the UK Crime Writers Awards Hall of Fame. She runs her own television production company and lives in London and Easthampton, New York.
(Wisdom 2:18 HRV)
Am so happy to be exploring the little tiny maze like roads around this island. Also to be able to take the gang to the beach, parks or where-ever at a moments notice.
The thing is, this poll shows that’s not the case. The Angels actually slid a spot despite signing Pujols, but hey, they are now the first non marquee (or repeat sport) option. Soccer has been sneaking up in a big way in the US, especially here in LA. The Galaxy being more popular than the Clippers is insane though. That’s mostly because of the newness of the Clippers being relevant and the fact that the Galaxy are the Lakers of the MLS, housing Beckham, Donovan, Buddle and Keane. They are an all-star team.
I didn't know kids really did that. And I certainly don't expect it to ever happen again. But it was pretty cool. Who knows what will happen tonight.
3.For stuffings ,take a pan add 1 tsp oil to it add cumin seeds.just when it splutters add chopped onions and saute till it turns slightly golden brown.
2 whole dry red chillies
Anthocyanins, flavonoids that give red apples, cranberries, blueberries and plums their blue/red colors are found in all plant cells but increase dramatically in leaves during the fall months in response to large amounts of stored sugar in the leaves and the bright light of fall.
It's the third one I've finished. The first will stay on computer quite a while longer, I suspect! The second is another light hearted romance. I'm currently giving that another polish before trying to get it published. I've also done most of the first draft of yet another romance.
Index. . . . .pg. 307
They where all sitting around the fire, in front of the C&D´s, beer and wine bottles making their round. Some of the boys had something to smoke which circulated in the round too. Sitting in the sand, watching her friends get drunk and high the Persian Princess´ mood changed: She was bored. At the moment when she decided to go inside, suddenly a known Indian came to the group. He looked at the girl, who wasn´t a virgin since last night anymore: But she doesn´t even looked back.A short smile in the face of the Persian Princess: You bloody stupid beach boy, that´s what you get now, see! The moment this thought flashes though her mind, Prince Charming sat down next to her: „You are looking a little bored.“ True she thought, but does she really feel in the mood to chat with this boy again? Whatever, maybe better than chatting with her drunk and high friends. At least Prince Charming seemed to be in a condition to talk.
By the time I reached the castle I felt exhilarated and quiet excited to see what awaited me behind the enticing castle walls. I am delighted to say that I wasn´t disappointed in the slightest! Once at the entrance I happily paid the €5 entrance fee and followed the well laid out arrows around the castle. I must say I was impressed at how well maintained this ancient building was and also how true to it´s history it had remained. It´s authenticisity added to it´s character and made it amazing to watch it´s story unfold before my eyes with such beauty and charm. While walking up to the castle I honestly thought that the views that unfolded before me couldn´t be topped. However, once I reached the highest point in the castle, the towers, I was proven wrong and completely blown away by what lay before me. The colours that spread out across the landscape were so rich and glorious that I couldn´t take my gaze away from them.
My quote of the song lyrics begins with the second verse that says "I stand amazed, see the work of your hands" and it just so fit how I felt in this beautiful place that was carved out by the finger of our almighty God.
My uncle has his own, ever-growing, backyard flock and has been a wealth of information for us as we embark on this new journey. Aside from picking his brain, he literally got us started. The base for our coop was the old play structure from his yard. It also didn’t hurt that he loaned us all his power tools so we could build it. Even though he has a flock of laying hens, we were the first ones to get Barred Rock Chicks (granted he just picked up a couple yesterday…maybe he wants to be more like me? Well, a girl can dream, can’t she?)
Now let’s turn to the stages of early recovery, middle recovery, late recovery and maintenance.
In 2010, Yelawolf emerged as the first remotely exciting or commercially viable white rapper in years with the great Trunk Muzik mixtape and slightly less great major label re-release Trunk Muzik 0-60. In 2011, as he aligned himself with predecessors whose successes he can't possibly hope to match like Eminem and Kid Rock, much less talented white rappers like Mac Miller and Kreayshawn enjoyed greater visibility and chart sucess. So his proper major label debut landed with a thud, packed with too many power ballads aimed at radio formats that will never play him, but there's still a decent number of songs containing that spark that made him so exciting just a year or two ago.
But this year ...
I say "Madness" because a recent post I read regarding Monogrammed Designer goods sparked a bit of rumpus between the author and those commenting on the Blog concerned. I don't know how or why a discussion about such items would cause any bad feeling, we all have our own opinions on such accessories and at least it made me have a good think about my own LV monogrammed possessions and get them out for a well deserved photoshoot.
People suffering from obesity should remember that a lifestyle change to incorporate regular exercise and healthy eating is the best way to lose weight, and that even modest weight loss can significantly improve their health. Learn new ways to manage stress, rather than snacking. Examples may be meditation, yoga, or exercise. People who are depressed or stressed a lot should talk to a health care provider before beginning treatment.
“Whatever they do has publicity value. More or less continuously, over a period of time, they are the material for the media of communication and entertainment.” – C. Wright Mills
Nor were they put off by concerns for the country’s future. Quite the opposite, actually. They were “in for the fight of putting South Africa back together”.
6-7: "The exception, which is not codified in the existing legal order, can at best be characterized as a case of extreme peril, a danger to the existence of the state, or the like. But it cannot be circumscribed factually and made to conform to a preformed law.
For sauce mix together: 1 Tbs grated fresh ginger, 1 Tbs soy sauce, 1 Tbs rice wine vinegar, 1 Tbs sesame oil.
Recorded in 1959
I think it's amazing.
Cell: 305-582-1460
I believe that the real reason behind their secrecy is their own fear against humanity.
I like roller derby. My current favorite team is The Jersey Shore Rollergirls. I also like the Penn Jersey She Devils. I go to bouts as much as possible! There's nothing like strong independent women rolling around a track trying to beat the Hell out of a bunch of other women! And they're snarky!
BARMAN - No no, you were absolutely spot on with that.
One thing that we made from the P was a scarecrow mix. Although, my mom had made it before she came here and my kids scarfed it so we had to make more. It was soo yummy and easy to make. Jude got in on the fun too. He helped pick out some of the treats to put in and also with the mixing.
I am so sorry for the archaic way I'm having to do it... I don't have Web developer software anymore so I'm amazed I got anything out there!!! I feel like I'm working with two left feet! I have done all I can think of to actually display a picture on the list page but it will not do it!!! I'm sorry but you'll have to click on the name to actually see the stamps.
Crazy love for you
We still haven't decided on any names yet. We are taking suggestions, so feel free to leave a comment with a name idea!
In life we have all been told, “No!” before and we have all told someone no in return. Now saying no is a hard thing to do for a lot of people, either they don’t want to say it to hurt the other person feelings or they say it without caring about the other person feelings and it hurts. How do we say no to someone or something without hurting them and letting ourselves be free of that topic.
I just hold them in my hand and chop it up.
100 days of being thousands of miles apart, while organising a house-move, finding tenants/cat-sitters, applying for a visa, renegotiating a job and planning an engagement party, not to mention a wedding. More than enough days for cracks to appear…
My confession: I hated the proposal. It was cheesy, tacky, felt impersonal (though there were personal elements involved), and very public.
Song: Dango Daikazoku (Nagisa’s Theme)
“He’s 26, Mom! If my boyfriend held his mother’s hand I’d break up with him!”
* Highly competent in the statistical techniques, study designs & general research methods commonly used in epidemiological & health services research
it's as light as feathers floating
At Rent the Runway you can rent a Vera Wang, a Helmut Lang or your choice of dozens of other designer frocks at 10% of the original cost.
How ridiculous is it if you're spending time pointing out the differences between you and someone else just because you weren't born in the same decade? Or even the same century?
While the quinoa is cooking, set a large saute pan on medium-low heat, add the olive oil and cook the onions slowly until caramelized, about 8-10 minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste, then add the garlic and cook one additional minute. Add zucchini fry for 5 minutes more. Add parsley, thyme and smoked paprika. Stir to combine, cook for one additional minute. Remove from heat, set aside.
… and see the CNN interview afterwards, where the question of tokenism is dispatched pretty sharpish. http://bit.ly/tAnbnt
So, here are my sketches from the first few workshops. There is a following post with the remaining workshops sketches as well as the one i worked on during the 32nd World Wide SketchCrawl.
Firstly the top 3 for our Summer challenge ....
–except, it was much larger, hollowed out of red-and-purple
Here's what we did the last 4 days!
Not shown: I used a gold Spica glitter pen to add my darkest shadows on the brown fur areas, and a silver glitter pen along the edges of the turquoise
Nick Cave’s ex-girlfriend and muse, this singer-songwriter had an influence on early 80s post-punk music. She wrote three songs for The Birthday Party, but only actually appears on their cover of Death Is Not The End from Cave’s Murder Ballads (not 100% sure on the accuracy of that). Lane has also worked with Einstürzende Neubauten and Die Haut.
The application has failed to start because the side-by-side configuration is incorrect. Please see the application event log for more details.
· The Grip ‘n’ Go™ collection will retail for $47, and is available for children 9 months to 3 years in age.
I wonder whether there is anyone else out there who has had a difficult relationship. I feel rather a misfit in society. I go to a group called WAY (widowed and young - under 50) but have yet to meet anyone who has gone through my experience.
It isn’t your fault that swans are geese
I force my mind to go blank, and slowly but surely fall into a deep and unpleasant sleep. I dream the same thing I've dreamed for months...
Here’s the original quote from UNC basketball coach Roy Williams, promising to work his players hard after an ugly win against Nicholls State:
The first year of grieving is difficult, not just because the wounds to the heart and mind are so raw and the void where the loved one resided so dark, but because it is a year of firsts. And each of these firsts comes with a renewal of pain.
From the center of the island, the phosphate is transported through trucks and conveyors to the Cantilevers, the monolithic steel structures that stretch out to the phosphate cargo ships like massive robotic arms. It is said that the waters surrounding Nauru are so deep that the anchors of cargo ships are not able to reach the bottom. There is no commercial scale wharf in Nauru thus cargo ships are moored into floating bouys and the cantilevers are used to load the phosphate into the ships. The coastline is also filled with rough-edged ‘pinnacles’ but one can always find a small quiet nook of fine white sand beaches for a good afternoon dip in the pacific waters.
The stuff:
Wow, those are some doctors, those Cuban doctors. Apparently they are not only curing Hugo but making him immortal?
Remember, we are one Nation under God and “In God We Trust.” Those of you who RideMMotorcycles, Goldwings, etc, if were not for the careful planning and thinking OF OUR FORE-FATHERS, we might not have the right to ride where we please or even have the right to own and enjoy our motorcycles. For those who are into motorcycles and riding, then think about the great rights we enjoy and help remind your friends and family we need to stand resolve in protecting the rights given to us by our forefathers, just remind everyone about “Living in America.” Ask them to watch this video
This planter is similar to the one we will make in my sculpture class
If you have any stories of pubs put to better use let me know
Reception: July 29 from 1-4 pm
I love hearing everyday unschooling stories about what the kids are doing. For one reason or another the moms who used to love sharing those stories aren't around anymore or don't share too often. I miss that.
Design: Partridge Sewing Box
Julia can do almost anything, thanks to the forward-thinking and omniscient genius possessed by her creator, and the statutorily-imposed generosity of her human counterparts.
Communicating expectations is a regular part of every manager’s quest to increase and maintain employee efficiency. Surely, you have set some type of expectation for your employees. But how recently have you checked to see if they have met your expectations? If it is worth expecting, it is worth checking. Here’s why…
Which is, of course, only half right. It’s probably true that there’s not much point continuing the debate. But it’s not necessarily correct that the person who brought up Hitler is wrong – it could just be that he’s so frustrated at the other people’s lack of logic that he’s bringing up a ridiculous outcome of the lack-of-logic, in the desperate hope that the absurdity will become obvious.
conor
Try to get into a collection, he said as we toasted Paris.
“Just something I remembered from when I was waking up.”
don't think i wasn't having serious second thoughts about our 4 o'clock appointment.
In heated bogs the berry's perfume
BBQ, that is. Barbecue may be America’s most popular lawn sport, and like any great athlete, the right equipment is important in making the point spread. A classic charcoal grill or a new-style gas grill plus grill accessories are cooking essentials that abound in the home store. By the way, Dad will enjoy this even more with Father’s Day baskets full of gourmet foods, tasty treats or other goodies!
happy Wednesday y'all
I’ve decided to keep update by creating a ‘news’ post every two or three weeks and share what I’ve discovered, and also what I’ve learned from the Big Brother Watch newsletter.
In Spain, thousands of high school and college students demonstrated in cities against cutbacks in education in a country with nearly 29 per cent unemployment.
Ripped with Eac from traded audio cdrs. Edited with Cooledit and Shntool by Av. No eq. Many thanks for this shows to C.
Whilst I was lounging in the sun, a tall dark handsome stranger from Cairo made a concerted effort to pick me up. He told me he was a masseur and a body-builder (!!!). As I gallantly extricated myself, he told me he was happy to merely ‘look see’. Having escaped Criseyde’s fate, I was immediately rewarded by a sign from the gods.
While Israel’s no-holds barred self-defence undoubtedly gives Islamist recruiters good material with which to radicalise some of their less motivated brethren, Israel’s extinction would provide them with even stronger arguments in favour of Jihad. The most elementary study of their rhetoric shows that they do not regard Israel as the great enemy, merely as the catspaw of Christendom. They may be right or they may be wrong, but that is what they believe; the destruction of Israel would therefore make them even bolder and more aggressive. Thus while we would oppose any move to entangle Britain in war on behalf of Israel, it is in our clear national interest that it should survive.
His brother Bassan, a 32-year-old father of two, is charged with one count of raping a child in 2006.
Heather may be pregnant...............
If I had more room I'd love to have a large plantation of these hardy greens.
Running Time- 96 minutes (“Not Rated”)
Another website explains the situation in the Basque region.
Parental Responsibility
Professor: Yet you still believe in Him?
If you've been reading this blog for a while, you know how much I love foundation piecing. It opens up so many design possibilities that can't be achieved any other way, and it helps you really nail the accuracy on even the most elaborate blocks. I know a lot of people are intimidated by foundation piecing, and it is a very different approach if you're used to the standard methods. But there's nothing like a real-time hands-on class when it comes to learning a skill like this, so I'm really looking forward to this classroom opportunity and working with each and every one of you that signs up!
Tonight I Shall Drink the Moon, Yannis Poulopoulos
Back again as promised earlier with my project for this week's challenge over at Card Swaps on the CardMakers site. The challenge is to make a card portfolio. We were given a link to a tutorial on how to make one that we could use or we were also free to tweak the design a bit or design our own. I did a bit of tweaking and came up with a design using one sheet of 8 1/2" x 11" piece of cardstock. The size of my portfolio will hold size A2 cards with envelopes.
I have been told I’m being allowed internet access because the jury of my peers sympathized and thought blogging about my experience qualifies as Community Service.
Married to Ram and living in Goodside, Harmony spends her time trying to fit back into the community she once believed in. But she can’t forget about Jondoe, the guy she fell for under the strangest of circumstances.
she feels at peace
“God Bless You.”
Move on Americans, nothing to see here...
Although several groups called themselves “Illuminati” in the past, the most influential and memorable of them was the Bavarian Illuminati. Founded on May 1, 1776, the organization created by Adam Weishaupt blurred the line between “spiritual” and “political” Secret Societies. By mixing the occult sciences of Freemasonry and Rosicrucianism while conspiring to achieve precise political goals, the Illuminati became an actor on the world stage. While most Secret Societies of the time catered to rich people and their fascination with occultism, the Bavarian Illuminati actively sought to profoundly change the world.
So she says, “I’ll be quiet because you are getting into your feelings and it’s not even that deep.”
We have received a number of calls regarding how to enter security information for a baby that has not yet been born.
A very present help in trouble.
Think of all the years
Alongside these outbursts against Viennese aristocrats, Hitler also spoke out against the power of the big banks (as many do today!), corporations and even against the Austrian department stores. To Hitler, all these people simply disempowered the working class in Vienna and beyond.
We still have three more days to go, so who knows where Santa's hat will end up next! (Also, as much as I'm loving this Amuse candy cane paper, it is impossible to take a photo of it without it looking all wonky, so I hope you didn't get any vertigo from today's photos.)
If however you would like to increase your odds you can perhaps tweet the competition - "yes I would like to win the @TKMaxx_UK competition on @annaandthering. Whoop!"
By the time we got to the hospital, Dr. Judy was perplexed when it took so long for me to show up! She thought I was going to go straight to the hospital!
I was recently asked to forward to my editor at Hopscotch some ideas for the book covers for the ICT series I am writing. I thought this was brilliant. I have never been asked to contribute to the design of the book cover before.
So with samples; as I said - if the budget of the wedding allows for it we create a full sample meeting with linens, dishes, flowers, etc. I think with a big wedding this is so important; to be able to see and play with the elements together. I am the kind of designer who has a hard time conceptualizing abstractly. I'm much better with materials right in front of me.
We have been finishing up track season around here and I just wanted to take a sec to brag on the kiddos a bit, so bear with me... then I promise to show some craftiness! :)
The fact is, parents have used “sign language” for years with their babies. Babies need to express needs and parents want desperately to find out what their child wants or needs. So, often we will see gestures, whines, and partial syllables that mean something to a parent.
Health care expense per capita normalized to income of 50K $4,591
Make the ear wires. Place the ear wires on the steel bench block and hit the ear wires with a plastic or rawhide mallet to harden and burnish the ear wires. You can also use a tumbler to hasten the hardening and burnishing of the ear wires.
The past two days, I feel like I'm walking around in my own little world, and yes inside I'm sad. I've been trying to put on a smile, and pretend its okay, but inside I'm not okay. To some people it might be just a test, but to me it is beyond that, the feelings that are bounded inside of me right now, have shown me that. I know that I promised myself, I'd be happy either way, and I am, that I was able to accomplish the test but the poor test result, has given me a really low self-esteem right now.
I apologize for the poor quality of my photos. They were taken on the iPod by Becky’s support worker. We will receive copies of the photographers work in time. This was a rare occasion for Becky and I to have our picture taken together. I am usually the photographer, and don’t really have a lot of photos of myself, period.
The actual stories in the collection are interesting and well worth reading, and a few of them are truly excellent. Still, I want more work that doesn’t belong to a set clique of authors, more contemporary work, and more work by women. To be honest, I found Speculative Japan somewhat disappointing as a compilation. That being said, I am intrigued enough by the stories themselves to consider giving Speculative Japan 2 a shot in the near future.
Now the guy I am seeing may be a fantasy to some, but I know him in real life, the man I am with is in secondlife and he is so awesome. Him and I don't have sex, we talk and that is awesome because he listens to me. I know lots of men and the conversations I have with them do not classify as intelligent conversations.
First, a newco buys all of the assets of Rangers Football Club PLC, including the players and the history, and also the oldco’s right to income, such as its debtors and prize money still due from the SPL.
4. Surabaya Zoo
It tasted pretty good.
9) What is your guilty pleasure (feel free to go straight to the gutter with this one if the spirit moves you!)
We have decided to extend our Customer Favorites Contest! You now have until April 7th to add your submission to the Customer Favorites Contest for a chance to win a free set and the chance to be a guest
Maybe you don't have the same heritage that I'm blessed with. But you can be the first! YOU can STAND! And in standing, teach your children to stand! I'm not just talking about marriage! I have friends that have lost their spouse at a young age, friends that have lost children, friends that have lost everything they own in a fire, an auntie that is battling her SEVENTH round of cancer, friends that have been through tremendous difficulties in their marriages. To be around these people is a JOY! What a testimony! What an incredible example. Do you know what this says to people in the midst of the storm? It says, "I've been that way before and I'm here to show you that you WILL make it through to the other side!"
This card can be used as an Easter card as it looks like an Easter bonnet, a congratulations card with the sentiment "hats off to you" inside, or for a baby shower for a girl. I just love how it turned out!
What is life like 16 months after you deliver a sleeping baby?
In 1981 Ian and Jeff moved the label across the river to Arlington, Virginia into an old green house they shared with three others, which was subsequently dubbed Dischord House. Not knowing how long they would stay, they kept Ian's parents' house on Beecher Street as the mailing address.
The claim in the arxiv paper (which claims to have solved the NSE) are as follows:
- Don't forget, spat on me hand and rubbed it all round yer hole for lube, -
Oils:
They gave away branded baking gear, spatulas and whisks left out on the table for the taking.
They whisper such tempting secrets in our ears
We are excited to announce that after the loss of our precious baby boy last fall, we are once again blessed with another bundle of joy due in early October! I pray everyday that this little one will make it to my arms and so far (despite my neurotic tendencies to think EVERY little thing is an indication that something is wrong) we have been blessed with a healthy pregnancy. But, we will still take any and all prayers that things continue to progress in this manner! :)
This order involves a significant deprivation of liberty – via the curfew – and approximately 38 days of unpaid work by way of reparation to the community. It avoids interrupting Nicholas Robinson’s studies, or indeed the potential loss of his university place due to his imprisonment.
Then disaster strikes. We have a special keg in the storeroom that we weren’t supposed to get in the first place. It was a substitute for something that we’d ordered that hadn’t arrived. We don’t have a coupler that fits the keg. It’s not the sort of thing you can borrow from a friendly pub, either, even if they had the correct one. The keg goes back into the fridge. I’m not even going to divulge the name of the beer involved because the howls of anguish will hurt my ears.
Slightly brown and mature looking.
I decided to have a go at the re-vamp of the fantasy story, it had been waiting for a good editing for a long while.
Are you creating the best future right NOW?
Gotcha.
Let us be clear from the outset: I am not the first to suggest such a shocking claim. Previous theories of encounters between the native peoples of the Americas and those across the Atlantic and the Pacific have been numerous. Below are seven of the most common theories:
There are wild cards which could blow this theory sky high and create what I hate to say would be the “super bull” an unstoppable frenzy to loftier levels…
Don't touch me please I cannot stand the way you tease
Le Vernis Nail Colour in April (available January 2012)
Tuesday, June 5
Honour and truth - old fashioned words -
finding them. The same thing goes for money, do not talk about not having
With a wide green fields and wide rivers, Gokseong is nature area which latest even entered into MOU with Amore Pacific, global cosmetic brand, to provide the natural raw materials. But because of the reason that Gokseong means Valley Village, the beautiful natural environment of Gokseong is not known so far on the outside. But recently, thanks to the Train Village and River Seomjin, the beauty of the town went viral;tourist visiting the region have increased in recent years.
Two eyes from the east
Just do it on as big a TV as possible.
Yesterday morning, the morning of Christmas Eve, my mother’s cousin died at home in Scotland.
And love you 'gainst the nature of love,--force ye.
This is not a recipe as much as it is a prescription. In this ole' US of A we do not have white 'government' loaf, that rectangular brick of solid white bread sold in South Africa in whisperthin plastic bags. Bought by the half loaf by bergies (mountain people - actually city homeless, who may retire to the slopes of Table Mountain to sleep) in the form of a bloutrein (blue train) - that is, soaked in methylated spirits.
It was so much fun to make something soft and pink after all the BOY scrapbooking I do!
$29.00 + Shipping (or if you are local choose payment by money order and I will remove shipping if you are going to pick up and you can pay cash when you do)
These days there are very good flexible sealants, able to accommodate 40% or more movement, and that's what I've repaired it with. Time will tell.
What I Like
When I was applying to colleges, I wrote my CommApp essay about three of my heroes: the grammarians Strunk and White, the creator of the documentary Supersize Me, and Dr. House. I’d like to think he helped me get into college.
I was so angry I was shaking today when I was informed that the child support would be late. I’d have to wait a week. I have not even paid all of last months bills and now my rent will also be late. We’ll be out of milk by tomorrow and my gas light is on in the car. I’ve run out of gas three times just because I couldn’t afford to buy more. I don’t know how I’ll get through this month but I always do somehow.
A large skiff or sleigh, pulled by four large white bears is making its way towards the tomb. In the drivers seat is a large man in red. He whips the bears mercilessly and within an hour, the sleigh is pulling up near the heroes camp site. “Ho ho hail and well met!” the man says, leaping down from the sleigh. He pulls chunks of dried meat from the floor and throws one to each of the bears, who sit on their backsides and begin chewing thoughtfully.
Ok! So I’m cheating a little bit! This one isn’t a poem. I admit I’ve ran out of steam. Nearing the end and have 1 more letter and 1 more poem to write.
* The plans for my BFF's baby shower are coming together and I'm very excited!!
flesh in between, the Chosen Masters are finished. Hey, is this
The Ruger was seized by police. Investigators said it had a cartridge in the chamber and four in the magazine.
I used to see Beryl occasionally at dinner parties. Hers was a captivating personality, droll, eccentric and charming, though there was a thread of mischief running through, or even malice; her books, after all, are very dark. She was lovely-looking; like WH Auden, she grew into her wrinkles so thoroughly that her young face now seems strangely naked.
If any other comic had told some of the jokes Jerry told last night, I think there is a high possibility he would risk being arrested.
But my job is to help buyers evaluate Greenwich properties. So a reader wondered why I happened to pronounce the tip of Old Greenwich’s Meadowbank Road as the best waterfront in town. The reason is the immediacy of the water at that spot; it’s right there, ready for use, not down a steep hill or across the street or over a hedge. And Meadowbank’s waterfront is about as far from highways, trains, airports, and “light-pollution” as you can get in this town.
Its Friday and its fabulous! I don't know about you guys, but this has been a really long week for me. My classes just started up for the semester, I have been super busy and then my husband and I have been trading sickness. Friday never looked so sweet!
I sewed the tongue in place. Fortunately the front pocket on Lincoln's backpack is big and my machine is extremely maneuverable, so I could applique the tongue using my Bernina. I don't think my old Singer could have handled this however, so don't be surprised if you have to applique some parts by hand.
Yes, there are indeed tomatoes in this Kenyan recipe.
I spent the entire afternoon on Sunday chewing and bubble blowing my way through the entire bag of Malabar Bubble Mix while covering my body with the fake tattoos that come with each piece.
I have been rattled this week by the Phoebe Prince story. If you haven't seen or read the news a 15 year old girl hanged herself in January as a result of relentless bullying by her peers. The reasons this case should bother anyone are obvious, the reasons it bothers me are closer to home.
Oh My Gosh, Dawn!! You got to stay at the same place Rosie O'Donnell used to have her guests on her show stay. Did you at least get to do a little bit of quik shopping?!
On the table
And my final card today is a Christmas card that uses the same rich plaid paper as the first card. The image and sentiment are from the set called Tidings of Joy. This set is very similar to a retired set from years ago but I love the updated version because it includes a little more detail with the nativity animals around the blessed baby. I colored it with markers and accented the star and Mary's gown with a touch of Smooch Pearlized Accent ink. I hate that photos just don't pick up the sparkle that this product gives an image. I love to add it for just a little punch and I really like that it is so easy to apply. The fine tipped brush is perfect for tiny details and it is as easy to paint on as nail polish. We carry 4 colors of Smooch and I own every one. As a matter of fact I have reordered more than once. It is a relatively inexpensive way to add sparkle and visual interest to your projects so check it out!
I know when I am on the road I love snacks and he is constantly on the road so I scoured the grocery store for all his favorites and even some stuff that I thought he would like and put together an "on the road survival kit" if you will...ha! Oh, and Kirby also got him a card so I had to throw together something small...
Steady does the maker that strikes a match for only he’s taste. Reaching up to the gods in such haste- he- the
Genre: Urban Fantasy
Egads. Do you think I should be committed? (And please! Rhetorical question. Don't answer that!)
What do you wish you knew when you starting crafting.
Richard von Sturmer / Walking / 11
I could’ve been a magazine editor or a nationally revered columnist. Maybe I would’ve been a major player in the advertising world. I might’ve cruised the halls of the White House as the press secretary.
Turmeric powder - few pinch
Today: Had Fish Market again! The promotion extended, so why not eat the 3.90 Fish and Chips again?
Her story, as it turns out is not very different to what happens to people every day. She didn’t go out looking for him. He happened. Ya, I know, shit happens. But I guess to her, he is anything but that.
lily: because he is good.
Is right in front of me, and does now call out to me, so I miss Orange all day long,
11. taking pictures
4. In The Sky
I am really blessed and truly honored!
ME: INTERNET!!!
Because after you read people's STORIES, they always have an impact on you.
Also, and it may be a difference in cultures, but some jokes in the film fell completely flat with me. These are jokes that had the mostly Indian audience I watched the film with laughing loudly.
A similar brand available widely across the country is Ballpark. We tried the Grillmaster Beef, a new variant, whose commercials have been subject to ridicule on the Internet due to its self-proclaimed Girthyness. It rated pretty badly on our survey, not near the depths of Oscar Meyer, but still we weren’t impressed. It’s biggest problem – its bland. It’s a little less salty than Oscar Meyer, which was all salt and no spice, but the general reaction was that it tasted like a big stick of baloney.
Will sweep on its course till the cycle is run.
God no. He was panty-dropping good looking. Not that she would ever admit that to him.
Wow! I'm in complete denial that Christmas morning is less than 48 hours away. Somebody has work to do...and yet I'm blogging and procrastinating about said work. But I'm a firm believer that before 8am you can do whatever you want to do. So I have an hour and five to get this thing done.
One of the reasons I wanted to learn to sew was to make my kids’ clothes. After I bought my first couple of Simplicity and McCalls patterns, though, I put that dream to rest because I had NO IDEA how to read and follow the patterns. They were simply too complicated for me!
Godel
“Why?” I asked, picking myself up off the floor of the boat and glaring at Em. “It’s not hard to see.”
That night the city will again turn into an explosive epicness of art and guess what; YOU CAN BE A PART OF IT ALL! You even get the chance to be a part of and start your own art collection right then and there! Costing you next to nothing; only €30 y'all !
So, in short, as mum would say. Happiness is a warm bagel.
But we cling to the fact that He is faithful.
Man, I hate cities. I looked around for any additional weapons I could use as I got closer to the zombies. I passed a few fresh skeletons, their mouths open in apparent terror. Perhaps they were yesterday's menu, I thought, swatting at all the flies in their vicinity.
Well it was kinda.....
So on the drive home, Sam told me the reason for the twinkly eyes and sudden zeal. I should tell you that the Dana Carvey church lady in me just about had to pull out of traffic and search the minivan for smelling salts!
And he knew. He knew from my look that it wasnt a call he wanted to take. Taking the phone out of my hand, he hung up on her without saying a word and tried to grab me as I buckled to the ground.
nervousness
“”We’ve always had a philosophy of letting the kids express their creativity, as long as they’re not harming themselves,” explains Scott softly. “There’s always been supervision behind it. But we’ve been more permissive from a certain perspective.”
Huntsman: People are taking my lawn signs
The Lord said there is a child here tonight that all you have ever been is just average, He said but from today you will become brilliant.
‘Lord, through all the generations you have been our home!…’ Psalm 90:1
Big Create Hugs
we have just got to get you
Now this have been a topic for sometime now ….. and it only got famous since ads on T.V so my take on it is that the penis heard the ads and decided stop working when it hit the age of 40, “early retirement”.
Microsoft
I was really happy to see how nice these products swatched. I can’t wait for the sun to start shining here so I can try out this orange lipstick!! And after snooping around more on the Eudora website, I’m thinking Christmas will be a perfect time to do a Brazilian beauty swap with my life long pen-pal! I’ll start making my list……lol
I am not ashamed that two of the people I am dependent on happen to be my parents, the two people who have known me and supported me my whole life, have given me incredible and countless gifts, and continue to love me unconditionally.
The share offering only went live this morning and already the twittersphere is bubbling full of BrewDog fanboys and girls who have already opened the chequebook and parted with their cash. What do they get for their £95 minimum investment?
This morning I was driving back from a particularly awful car boot sale that would have made a street market in Burkina Faso look luxuriantly decadent. I don't what I hated most: the piles of used shoes that looked like something out of 'Schindler's List', or the dew-soaked DVDs of low budget horror films like 'Satan's Little Helper'.
The Act also includes explicit provision saying that thesis shall not interfere with legal interests of others, in particular intellectual property rights, personal data etc. If this provision appears to be infringed after publication within CRZP, student may request removal of his thesis. All liability for infringements committed due to this online publication are in the sole liability of the student.
Reduce Blood Pressure in Heart
a man, tilting a woman’s chin
So I swore off all of them. Easier said than done. They're in toothpaste, medications, and just about anyting labelled "light" or even "healthy." Ugh. The idea is to get rid of all of them, hopefully totally get rid of the headache, and then try the different types one at a time to figure out which ones I'm sensitive to.
2/3 cup dried elbow pasta
Did you know bugs and children are in cahoots? Children catch and nourish their jar kept friends in exchange for the bugs eating their parent’s vegetable plants. This partnership I now have exposed, how do we fix it?
On this subject I find creativity coach and writer Eric Maisel's books helpful. I've read 'Van Gogh Blues' and 'Coaching The Artist Within'. Both are an interesting study of the emotional link we have with our creativity and are full off advice that can help us understand the creative mind.
J.R.R. Tolkein's last words to Christopher Lee were "Don't let those damn New Zealanders anywhere near my books".
After given a sedative, the distraught Fulford-san told the police: “The God of Abraham, this deity also called Allah, was pissed off because I told the world that he is Satan.”
With the cheese on, I folded it up, repeated the process with the second one and got them into the oven- which I had heated to 375.
Mary Wilkins Freeman – The Shadows on the Wall
Pope Benedict XVI, in his address to the Rome Diocesan Congress, clarified the focus of our Christian life and the role the institutional Church plays in fostering that focus:
Despite initial success, for a number of reasons, this war has taken longer than most anticipated. In 2002, bin Laden and his lieutenants escaped across the border and established safe haven in Pakistan. America spent nearly eight years fighting a different war in Iraq. And al Qaeda’s extremist allies within the Taliban have waged a brutal insurgency.
During a children’s party, these items are usually clipped on the chest part of the kids, so that they won’t get food stains on their clothes. They have the tendency to spill most of their food while eating, which is why it would be good to have something to protect their clothes.
This time of the year is usually dedicated to past year reviews, new purposes, hopes and wishes. In 2012 I hope to improve my skills and to be able to travel again to USA.
She held her trophy high, heedless of the blood dripping down her arm. Her eyes were fevered and her color high, intoxication blending with the pride of accomplishment. It would not last; she was due for the worst ‘morning after” in history, once she knew her trophy for the head of Pentheus; once she realized she had killed her own son.
I was rather disappointed to find that Kathleen Ferrier’s diaries were little more than concert dates, occasionally with brief remarks about how a particular engagement went. On reflection, she was working hard so would have had little time to write substantial diary entries at the end of a busy day.
Ok, so I got industrious after my workout! (Did you know that Netflix streams really neat workout videos? I was just so excited!)
Still, there’s more going on here than simple manipulation from the top down. Within an imperial system, different nations and population groups are always competing against one another for a larger share of the wealth and privilege that empires make available. That happens on the scale of nations, for example, when a subject nation in a strategic location becomes an ally, or when an ally—as America did in 1945—supplants the former imperial center and takes the empire for its own. That also happens on the scale of populations, and on smaller scales still.
A police spokesman said: "Our advice from the burglary squad is that all residents in the Coulsdon area need to be vigilant and take crime prevention precautions, not just Asian families." He added that he could not confirm whether victims had been advised to hide cultural artefacts "as they will have come into contact with a number of different officers".
What is obedience
It’s hard to see that 5 out of my 7 goals aren’t being achieved. *sobs* But there is always tomorrow, pick myself up, reaffirm what I want and get working on it.
If he did chose to go in such a direction though one couldn't really blame him though as he had gone through the past few years. Getting smashed in the face and suffering a broken nose while acting as a good Samaritan as well as having 5 friends die over the last couple of years like he did would make anyone pondering where life is leading them and consider being a bit more sedate and a lot more introspective.
your sweet comments.
28. Palatka - Vultures, Hyenas
It comes from staying up a lot
The malt arrives like a stealth bomber on radar, leaving behind a faint carpet bombing of fizz on the tongue. I believe this beer to be single hopped, by that I mean I think they use a single hop flower in each hectolitre, no more for fear of bittering.
Early last month we were treated to new “endorsements” by the two dweebs running for the Democratic nomination for Sheriff.
Shortly after the scene, just before the advertisements came on, a few public figures were invited to give their comments on how they view love.
Managed care has failed to substantially reduce geographic inequities in access to services which promote inclusion or employment.
1/2 tsp. ginger
P.S. From the same film (nothing to do with Phil, but I still think it's funny):
Not yet but will be setting some soon.
But the explanation that the picture was based on a legend that had inspired countless generations of artists failed to cut the mustard with the police, she said. “They didn’t know anything about the myth. They stood there and didn’t leave until we took the piece down. They asked us whether we had had complaints and we said quite the contrary. Lots of people were intrigued by it.” She admitted she did not know what they would have done, had the officers arrived before the exhibition was over. “I guess it would have been a discussion with the artist and the owners to see whether we changed the work in the show. I don’t know the law. I would like to think we wouldn’t have shied away from it but it’s difficult to say.”
Tonic Flower Punch
It's a 5% summer salad beer or try it with meaty fish on the barbecue.
66 On The Road – Jack Kerouac
I try to think that if my boss was not my boss would we be friends, I think we would and I think that of most of the bosses that I have had. The jobs were not that bad either, I just could not speak my mind cause I had no power, or at least I did not feel that I could. To be less mediocre I need to not just say I hate everything that doesn’t make me happy in the moment.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the International Organisation for Migration were yesterday negotiating with the asylum seekers at Bintan and Indonesian authorities who have tied up the vessel in port. Mr Key said it was unclear what would happen next.
because people will notice the stain on your kitchen wall
I was suspended off of the pillows as the urgency of the bliss was taking control of me. I resolved to relax and set my rear back down while I struggled to follow the sensations and let them happen and resume deep breathing. I lay back down and relaxed, surrendering to the waves of thick sensual sensation that were washing through me; as I did the waves took control of the pulsing pleasure. I knew that once the pleasure waves were self sustaining I was well on my way in the session. In my mind I cast off the ropes holding me to the shore of reality and let the waves take control. My mind didn’t have to do anything except stay clear. I just enjoyed the rising and falling waves of pure bliss let me slip into a drift of warm euphoria.
or the thought on one clear night
The relevant source turned them down because they wanted to go soft on Cameron's Tories, and he did not think that appropriate. The Sun then acted in bad faith by publishing a story based on what was supposed to be a confidential authentication sample; they were clearly trying to cash in on the story before a real newspaper got to the evidence, and they did not care if their efforts derailed or undermined the publications of this evidence. With what little contact they did have with the expenses scandal, The Sun did not act in the public interest; they acted out of self-interest.
Eric Stanley’s cover of “Airplanes” by B.o.B.
Article 11 The agriculture administrative department of the people’s government at the county level shall erect a signpost in a prohibited production area, which shall indicate the location of the prohibited production area, boundaries, area, types of agricultural products prohibited to be produced, main pollutants, approval entity, date of erection of the signpost, etc.
The particles referred to by the department are PM10 (particulate matter 10 micrometres) or smaller.
At least Isabel Allende’s Zorro is a bonafide novel, though I doubt any board members made it through all 400 pages. They just needed to skim her bio in the back, the part about her being born in Peru and growing up in Chile. Never mind that Zorro is a flagrantly pro-Democracy melting pot tale. Allende’s hero is part Indian, part blueblood Spanish, with a Jewish fencing mentor, and Gypsies and Caribbean pirates to fill in the gaps. The novel shouts: MULTICULTURALISM IS GOOD!
the dark side of S/S this year, even though I’m pretty happy.
But it rarely does.
Even Professor Lindzen, who appeared at length on the programme, stayed the course as lead author within Working Group I, expressing his satisfaction with the report’s chapters as good scientific documents. He has often, however, gone on to express his view that the conclusions of the Policymakers Summary did not faithfully represent the chapters. But he has never provided any supporting evidence for that statement – nor, to my knowledge, has anyone else who has quoted that statement originating from Lindzen.
Additionally: There are all the things you could have said and wish you wouldn’t have said and the things you said that really meant something to you and weren’t heard in the way you heard them yourself.
Another boyfriend was different story…whenever things would get hot n’ heavy, he got sweaty.
If our circumstances happened to be good, we no longer dreaded a change for the worse, for we had learned that these troubles could be turned into great values. It did not matter too much what our material condition was, but it did matter what our spiritual condition was. Money gradually became our servant and not our master. It became a means of exchanging love and service with those about us. When, with God’s help, we calmly accepted our lot, then we found we could live at peace with ourselves and show others who still suffered the same fears that they could get over them, too. We found that freedom from fear was more important than freedom from want.
so that made us feel better.
Men Killed by Jonah - 6
Here's a banner I made with the baby's name:
Source?
Then last, but not least ,there’s David Obua. On the negative side, he has had four years to prove his worth and mostly failed. He is slow, he doesn’t score enough goals, he comes across lethargic, he is poor in the tackle, he is disliked by a large number of fans and he doesn’t win as much in the air as he should. On the plus side he does have a bloody lovely smile. For the record, I like him but with his reported earnings he will soon also be off in the January sales.
I loved the way this book developed. This is a sequel to rival its first book. Not exactly better – I still had an issue with the plot. This time it was because Rhine was oh-so-special because she ‘happened’ to look like Madame’s dead daughter, so she got preferential treatment and despite living with prostitutes, was not expected to service customers of her own. I mean, yeah sure, I get that Rhine has to have interesting stuff happen to her but I kept thinking, ‘Oh God, I hope the whole book isn’t about living with Madame, otherwise it’ll be just like the first book.’ Rhine’s special, again, because she looks like the deceased loved one of the most powerful person. Luckily, this didn’t last as long as I thought it would.
so tightly you would never search for it; but drown
There is a stat doing the rounds on Twitter that Liverpool allowed opponents to have fewer shots this season than any other team. Not true. Manchester City and Arsenal were the most frugal on that front.
And there's even more fabulous news! Issue #4 of the Whimsy Stamps Inspirations Magazine will be releasing on October 19th! It's a full issue with never-before-seen creations from the Whimsy Stamps design team and guest designers.
“Well…”
Most doctors know that vaccines only give temporary immunity at best and that microbes, like B. pertussis, are constantly evolving to survive. 15, 16 That’s why five or more doses of pertussis vaccine still can’t prevent all whooping cough disease. So we will be talking about whooping cough, measles, mumps, chicken pox and lots of other infectious diseases for a long, long time in this country and in every country, whether we get vaccinated or not.
Colgate Save $.40/1 adult or kids manual toothbrush excluding Plus and Extra Clean (4/14)
The main purpose of any sort of malicious software, be it a worm, a virus, malware or spyware is to cause harm to the computer that it is infecting There are a number of different ways by which a computer can be affected through a virus. If you read online, you will find out about a handful of different virus programs which are known to cause widespread damage to computers, and can even render them absolutely useless if these viruses are not removed properly. However, one of the worms that was created with a very twisted agenda was Stuxnet. The name of this worm was taken from some common keywords that occurred within the coding of the software.
Though the Common Core booklets say that the items on the list are only meant to serve as "useful guideposts in helping educators select texts of similar complexity, quality, and range" for your own classroom, I know many of you will use the items on the lists. With the Common Core bearing down on you like a freight train, some of you will find it easier to teach the items on the list. Some of you are very busy, working far harder than most Americans realize. As a former elementary school teacher, I know how hard teaching can be.
"Clayton, it's 60 degrees. It's nice and sunny today, but it isn't summer! It isn't hot outside."
Yet in the faire world, where some pretty hard-acquired theatrical skills are required to put on a decent show, the amount of training and rehearsal that actors get is pretty minimal, and sadly, it shows. That's why our troupe is one that makes a difference.
Anyone out there know of a way I can get this sorted? Or do I just wait for it to picked up by search-bots etc.?
Who perished by my own consent
I knew my Dad had preached a few times. He had notes from several of those lessons. I suppose I could ask the church for recordings, if I got brave enough to listen to them. One of the note papers had a kite design on the back. Dad was always doodling. He enjoyed kites, and designed his own box kite. He was pretty impressed with himself, until he found a book with a picture of his kite on the front of it. He hadn't known that others had designed this style of kite before him.
All of the work is done by hand and there is no air conditioning in the work areas of our little brewery.
Community RA+Edio would like to thank Francis for sharing Radio Allerton’s interesting history with us. Francis presents a two hour album music show every Friday evening called “hidden musical gems on CD and vinyl”. Good luck for the future.
The wife even got her first french manicure for the occasion, from their local Walmart.
2. Are we under-investing in areas that are important to our customers? Alternatively,
The Design Team has some fabulous art to share with you today.
Cardio: My original schedule called for 5 miles, but due to the runs earlier in the week, I decided to change it to 2-3 miles, with no stopping
paper - kraft, lucky limeade, whisper white, x-press it blending card, bloom & grow (my minds eye)
The song of the cafe is loud. I sit and stare at the screen, ready to burst. Nothing comes.
Perhaps the single important reason, we lost our place is that after the Bharata War, we did not direct our intelligence towards weapons technology. At that time we thought that in a war there are ultimately no winners only losers. Today we have learned the hard way that if the country is not strong, it gets ruled and if it gets ruled, the country forgets its science and its history.
SRP
I'm so inspired I think I may take an hour tomorrow morning to hit a couple thrift and consignment shops looking for a couple of these little guys... I'm very excited about the prospect!
The cottage Mal found had a great location with a nice view of the bay. It was conveniently located near the restaurant, meeting center and chapel. The owner, a 90 year-old man, was asking $69,000 for his cottage. Mal offered him $65,000 and the offer was eventually accepted. At the time, we were told that this was the highest price any of these cottages had sold for! Most of the cottages sold from $15,000 to $30,000.
That night he made more than 30 phone calls, at times shouting "I got in" on his cell phone and home phone at the same time.
i spent the entire saturday reading at stadtpark (vienna’s “central park”), enjoying the sun, the grass, the birds chirping- it was divine! i started and finished the first book of the hunger games trilogy that day, and i’m hooked! i even brought the second one with me to work, so that i can read during breaks.
Although if they keep on going and challenging Spurs for 4th spot they definitely won’t be getting anywhere near the soft areas of my heart.
17 For God sent not His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through Him might be saved.
The questions addressed in this video are:
loyalty from the youths.
FAMILY VALUES: There’s a good deal of violence action-style.
His 11th month has been even more fun than his 10th. He is taking baby steps, literally. He knows how to "do" the hat song - those of you in EI know what I'm talking about. I'm pretty sure he is signing "all done." He has added "hi" and "uh-oh" to his vocab. "Uh oh" is his favorite because he gets to drop something on the floor and then say "uh oh" over and over and over and over again. He's learning to climb the stairs which is not so fun because he hasn't mastered the not-falling-down-once-you're-a-few-steps-up part.
For our Earth and the universe
Sat Jul 23 You Are There: How to use setting to shape your characters and drive your story forward.
Century of Action: Women Get the Vote
In addition to penning the international bestselling Youngest Templar trilogy, Michael P. Spradlin is also the author of the Spy Goddess novels and several picture books. He lives for the day he can become a full-time writer. He was born in a small town in Michigan and grew up with a healthy and natural suspicion of all Hoosiers and Buckeyes. When he is not writing, he travels the world in his fully automated yacht, aboard which he enjoys cooking, water skiing and plotting Total World Domination. He’s just kidding about that last part. He really doesn’t enjoy water skiing.
JFK’s Secretary of State, Dean Rusk, who ran the Rockefeller Foundation from 1952-1961, and was also a hawk on Vietnam, is another one who merits close scrutiny in the Coup of 1963. Kennedy had appointed Rusk because it was unlikely that the Senate would confirm JFK’s first choice J. William Fulbright, who later became a prominent opponent of the Vietnam War. After the 1963 Coup d’Etat, Rusk lasted through all the blood and guts of Vietnam and all the way through Jan., 1969, as Johnson’s Secretary of State. Walt Rostow (CFR), another Vietnam hawk, replaced McGeorge Bundy (CFR) as National Security Advisor in 1966. The CFR and the Rockefellers, not John Kennedy, lusted for the Vietnam War.
A girl spy in Victorian London? Count me in!
Business ethics can be examined from various perspectives, including the perspective of the employee, the commercial enterprise, and society as a whole. Very often, situations arise in which there is conflict between one and more of the parties, such that serving the interest of one party is a detriment to the other(s). For example, a particular outcome might be good for the employee, whereas, it would be bad for the company, society, or vice versa. Some ethicists see the principal role of ethics as the harmonization and reconciliation of conflicting interests.
Each day I keep on falling more in love with you sweet Jon Jon! May God keep you safe and healthy until we come to bring you home.
This is not about Bolgen Vargas, this is about the incalculable lies that have been told throughout the superintendent search process that ended with the appointment of Bolgen Vargas. This is about the countless number man-hours invested by this community in a process that we hoped would value our commitment. This is about spending $40,000 dollars in educational dollars to produce a superintendent that we already had. This is about a Board of Education that does not possess the strength and integrity necessary to be the voice of the people while having the arrogance to blatantly state that what the community wants doesn’t matter.
With Love You & Me Patterned Paper (751212)
I have zero energy and struggling with the demands of 2 young kids that are bored in the house. I want to get out but don’t know if my mind and body can handle it. I want to be like the moms I see. I am disappointed in my body. I feel like I have run 4 marathons. The energy thing is something I’ve struggled with for years. No matter what medication I’m on I still feel like I’m swimming in liquid metal. I’m drinking some coffee now, hoping that helps.
After the stuffy heat of the day the cooling night breeze from the window was more than welcome. Not so welcome was the animated conversation enjoyed by two men standing under it.
(On the other hand, maybe I'm being too hard on these guys. After all, if they'd seen the Sobol discussion, they probably wouldn't be charging $125, right?)
--overdevelopment in Downtown Brooklyn
Filming these birds with their rapid, darting flight isn't too difficult (as long as it's just a broad view that you want), but photography is another matter - group shots aren't too tricky, but focusing on individuals is another matter, hence the blurriness, though it is possible to pick out the blue head and the white flashes on the underside of the tail.
dawong@thespec.com
6 tablespoons cornstarch
Hasselblad - Foto di Jeff Jackson Galilean viewfinder.
49. ELVIS ROAD
D. and I argue each morning, regularly, a thing.We fight about L's birthday party. I never wanted my life to resemble Kramer vs. Kramer but lately Magoo gets the ice cream out of the freezer on his own and I withdraw, forcing D. to play "bad cop" as he likes to say.
Heidi Grace Designs Paper
After ten or eleven hours, the credits rolled and I gratefully lunged for the exit. Other than the pleasure of Cathie and her little boy's company (who has defiantly grown at least a head taller than his mother, despite strict orders to the contrary), I left the theater with a smile on my face: "And to think, I didn't have anything to blog about this week."
“Most health professionals believe that DHA is the fatty acid that is most important for healthy structure and development of the brain and for vision so it is vital that there is enough DHA in the diet during pregnancy and in the first few years of a child’s life. EPA on the other hand, is essential for healthy functioning of the brain on a day to day basis, which means that throughout your life you need a constant supply of EPA.”
Marquis, D. M., In Search of Buddy Bolden – First Man of Jazz, Luisiana State University Press, 1978.
***Journaling Twice Daily: I know this sounds extreme but it has really worked for me in the past when going through tough times. Buy a small notebook (I don’t know the exact measurements of mine – maybe 3″x5″.) Commit to writing one page in the morning and one in the evening. It takes less than 2 minutes usually per sitting! The reason I am going back to the habit and intuitively know that it needs to be a Tenet of My Program is because I am an emotional eater. I like to eat when happy, sad, confused, bored, frustrated, angry, excited, nervous, etc, etc. I eat to comfort myself (I think that is why I gained so much weight during pregnancy – I was truly uncomfortable most of the time.) So why journaling if I know this already? When I eat over an emotion, whether it is positive or negative, it mutes the emotion making the emotion less intense. I have long had the pattern of being scared of my extreme emotions because then I would have to make decisions and/or take action around those emotions and I have been really scared of change most of my life. I like to cling to a more muted, luke-warm, steady existence where I am almost hiding behind the food and the fat to not get hurt…. Clearly this isn’t how life works and I end up missing both the highs and the lows. I also can’t quite always determine how I feel because my emotions have been muted and all jumbled up for so long. Journaling helps! I find that I am more confident and a better decision maker when I have been actively journaling. Being more confident, making better decisions, knowing what is going on with myself internally all are key parts of healthy living and healthy weight loss!
Germany 2011, 79 minutes, a coproduction of Filmkantine/ZDF/Branwen Okpako
uv, you went to leetaewon? we, us two, went to hongdae
In my mind, that is a leadership issue. The notion of acceptance starts at the top. The final frontier is unconditional love- like Jesus or the Buddha preached. While we may never get there, we are encouraged to try. An important distinction: We don’t have to have unconditional relationships. Within this framework what can we do at our agencies to bridge these gaps in a way that generates work satisfaction and productivity? Here are some ideas to play with:
TIP: Add in your gum Arabic powder straight to your jar of pearl ex and shake well this helps overcome the problem of lumps and having trouble mixing the powder into mists, water colours and other such things. Following the instructions on the bottle of course ¼ gum Arabic to pearl ex
The description doesn't sound much different from a lot of other succulents- a rosette of thick, fleshy leaves, often lance-shaped, and often with spines. Not much help there. Their flowers are interesting, but I don't have a picture of one. Enjoy the leaves, though.
I've been using an insulated mug I recently picked up from my local home goods shop, and I can't rave enough about how great these are. First, it is heat resistant so that you can have a steamy drink and not burn your hands on the glass. Secondly, the design is 2-layer to prevent condensation. The artistic side of me also appreciates the optical illusion effect and the fact that these pieces are mouth blown.
We saw a few FA-18s flying overhead and Jordy wanted to see more so we rode home and got changed and headed out to the airport. We managed to totally luck out and two fighter jets landed just as we arrived. Then one sat on the runway and blasted his engines for about a minute. It was crazy loud!! Incredible! Then it took off and was out of sight before you knew it.
Dear Mr. N.,
Every time we go to Ensenada I take hundred of pictures of the beautiful view, some are good some are not. But getting another day in paradise is priceless!!
Coriander leaves - for garnishing
Gnomish Healing Brandy: An amber liquor that smells richly of honey and blackberries. It tastes overly sweet, but it is light and easy going down the hatch. The brandy is usually bottled in a drinking gourd. The recipe is a closely guarded secret.
Jacob's meeting new people everyday. We are still trying to be a little bit cautious as we introduce him to small friends and our friends... he seems to take to the situation nicely, but bonding with Brad and I still seems like it's in progress. Once in a while he seems to take to people he doesn't know a bit too easily. He has been looking to each of us for comfort, which is fantastic. He really has started bonding very well... and we pray it only continues!
...or most awe-inspiring of all, the skeleton Sokurah brings to life and arms with sword and shield to duel Sinbad to the death. This scene was such a tour de force that Harryhausen couldn't resist outdoing it five years later in Jason and the Argonauts, when the hero and his friends battle a cadre of no fewer than seven deadly skeletons.
In my final month there, I got wind through one of the sales people that we had been invited to pitch the national business for the Presbyterian church. I offered to attend the meeting. “I speak that language,” I told him cryptically. “I think I can help.” The air between us suddenly felt charged. I sensed that I had gone out on a limb. I had never made an issue of my Christian faith before at work; it was a flagrantly secular company, which was why I thought it important for me to be at the meeting.
History isn’t worth it.
I go to wal mart and buy Clearisil, Metamucil, preparation H, and Birth Control Pills..... all in bulk.........
The victory came by way of a TKO (strikes) as Griffin will move in grand prix bracket. Big win for Griffin. Fairly devastating loss for Riley who let this one slip away.
He got a multiple entry visa – the best kind of visa available now. What this means is that every 90 days he has to LEAVE China and then enter AGAIN in order to get another 90 days in the country.
And if you would like to have an Agatha Christie/ Miss Marple afternoon tea party, here's a helpful guide or contact us to provide it all. Although we can't guarantee any helpful detection work if anything goes wrong!
Located on the corner Fulton and South Portland in Fort Green, it's both an open air space and indoor restaurant/bar/market/social meeting point. Cuban/Mexican flavored food rule the day just like at "Habana Café" (the first in the Habana family of establishments in Soho) but among differences between this locale and the Manhattan original is that Habana Outpost boasts a mini fountain, solar power, biodegradable utensils and a human powered smoothie making process in addition to the great menu.
We arrived on schedule and after retrieving the bags headed out to find the star bus which would take us to within a short walk of Step Inn guesthouse. As we travelled to the city the heavens opened and we passed several nasty looking accidents on the other side of the carriageway. The dangers of heavy rain and driving too fast!
Gorilla Gorilla Gorilla – Luxury Condo
I only slightly exaggerate here. Etxebarri is absolutely legendary for its revolutionary grilling techniques; mastermind Victor Arguinzoniz designs innovative mechanisms specifically suited to ingredients never before subject to smoke and flame. We’re talking oddities like egg yolk, here, along with caviar – for the intrigued, our now intimate friend Tony Bourdain investigates in an excellent episode of No Reservations.
